user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561197970492211,Not Recommended,399790,18027498,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,Taerinshar,"Someone please get this company a proof-reader for the script.  Very bland story, but couldn't even enjoy that with all the spelling mistakes and error.  Battle system was alright, though grossly imbalanced hp totals/damage.  Fights took a while, especially when the monsters chose to 'guard' which didn't add any depth to the game - just made the fights longer (monsters doing 20 hp damage attacks on 2000 hp heroes).Music was alright, but I had to uninstall when it wasn't much fun after a while."
,Not Recommended,399790,17997890,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,Token Token,Recycled RPG Maker maps and it doesn't look like anyone even attempted to proof-read what looks to be written by a 12 year-old.
,Not Recommended,399790,18995760,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,SolidRubrical,"Names, moves, titles, villages and even the story is just taken from the anime Naruto. Everything original/game design is mediocre at best. Lots of spelling errors/gramatical mistakes. Everytime you close the game it crashes instead."
,Not Recommended,399790,18786948,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,AyaK4y,"... just why?It's really hard for me to not be bored or annoyed of this game.Despite the fact that it feels like a cheap naruto game, there are so many reasons to lose interest.The mapping looks poorly done in a very short time. Probably a drunk night.Why are there so many chests? Some of them just spawn annoying mobs I cant avoid.Since the enemies level with me there is no reason to fight. But wait! I still have to fight since there are plenty of forced ones I can't avoid or escape. I need several rounds to kill one enemy at my level and have to use a lot of my Chi (Mana) to defeat all before they kill me. Why are there so many fights with more than 3 enemies? It just takes too long for one fight and it feels like it's never going to end.There is plenty of poisoning, stunning etc. I once forgot to get rid of my poisoning and when I unvoluntarily entered the next fight I had 1 hp. Lucky me.After the mission it's possible to buy equipment for my group. When I go to the shop I have a huge selection of weapons and other stuff. Thats great.. or sorta would be if I can always see which weapons I can really equip. The sword that says ""can be used by almost every one"" just works with 2 of my 5 characters. Since I sometimes only have access to that shop when I am alone in the party I can't even see my teammate's equipment to buy stuff I really need. Luckily that doesn't happen all the time. Still a big bummer.I can save anywhere anytime. Why are there extra safe points in the areas?So many questions."
,Not Recommended,399790,18025375,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,ʕっ•ᴥ•ʔっ,">1 minute into the game>""your welcome"">uninstall"
,Not Recommended,399790,32743577,Posted: 24 June,all,l33tard,Terrible game that blatantly steals its plot from Naruto to try and trick people into buying it. I honestly have no idea how this has mixed reviews; I've played totally free rpg maker games that are a thousand times better than this. I only got it as part of a bundle that had other games I actually did want to play and I think it cost me 19 cents... I still want my money back. Not worth it at any price.
,Not Recommended,399790,18924530,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,47Haven,"What happens if you gave a 13-year-old addicted to Naruto a RPG-Maker0.2 hours is the most i can force myself to play this.The plot is TOO DAMN SIMILAR TO NARUTO. It's not 'inspired' by Naruto, it's 'Copying' Naruto.In all this 0.2 hours, there's almost no single original stuffs. Monster ravaging the land? Check. One hero that sealed the monsters? Check. Land dedicated to that hero? Check. Main character woke up late? Check. Main character is a teen? Main character given 'starting stuffs' by his mom? Check. Main character's best friend is the intellect type while the character is the power type? Check. Another MC's friend is class clown? Check.And from that point, it's all Naruto. I can easily see who's 'inspired' by who in this game.Who the hell uses Western naming, when the setting is clearly Eastern. You might as well go with painfully cliche eastern name, rather than using western name for a NINJA game.The dialog is painful to read. SINCE WHEN, DOES A INSTRUCTOR, CALLS HIS STUDENT, BRO??!?!?!?!?? REALLYThe plot is a RPG main pillar. Screw that up, and your game is gone.I won't reccomend it to anyone in particular, even Naruto fans."
,Not Recommended,399790,18033184,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,Mr. Hugh Mannity,"This is what a Naruto inspired rpg would be. Or at least what I think it'd be... until I tried the game myself.Pros:A huge selection of skills, so there are a lot to choose fromDecent music. I'm sure it's just a standard rpg-maker music but for me, it's actually pretty nice to listen toTons of Naruto reference.Cons:A lot of grammatical errors. The devsreallyneed to get someone to proofread this game.Repetitive gameplay. Remember I said earlier that this game was inspired by Naruto? So the kage (head of the village) will give you a mission, along with a pre-determined party member. You completed the mission, got some reward from him and that's it. That's how you spend your day.Money. As you progress in the game, it becomes increasingly easy to get money and during those 4 hours in the game, I've never had any money problem.Unbalanced. My entire party could literally wipe out an entire enemies in one turn without mana (or chi) problem.Just go to the pentagram symbol. Pay 10 golds and voila! No more mana and health problem. Rinse and repeat to grind.Naruto inspired game? Nah. This game is way too similar to be called ""inspired by"" (Though the devs never mention that). Only with a little bit difference here and then. Bell mission with Kakashi and team 7? Check. The drama between Naruto, Sakura and Sasuke? Check.Max. By the time you reached lvl 15, he'd stop leveling up. Wait what? No, you didn't hear me wrong. He literally stopped leveling up because by then the game wouldn't be able to handle his power. Hell, I'm not even gonna be surprised if he already awakened his mangekyo."
76561198036691628,Not Recommended,399790,23152313,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,nizagi,"Terrible game.Rip off plot from an anime without and credit given.What worse is there are boss fights based in RNG (random number genrators) where the boss will paralize you on his first turn, btw the boss goes first (they always go first), and then whittle you down and you NEVER get to respond. Game ends, mission failed restart to do the same thing.I have beaten Dark souls 1 and 2, (haven't played 3 yet), the witcher on Death March setting, Super Meatboy, battletaoads and just about every old NES and SNES game. I'm 38, I come from a time when games were harder and you often had to retry parts over and over. You either had to learn a pattern or have a stragety going inMy point here? Diffuctly isn't an issue for me, poorly thought out RNG fights are. I tried the same fight about 25x. Also, I tend to over level on school RPG's and RPG Makers games and was about 15 level above where I should have been, and still continued to lose.This is the biggest and simply most unfogiveable of mistakes. Makes the game unplayable. The game has many other flaws, but many games do. I don't write reviews but this game has earned it."
,Not Recommended,399790,30713750,Posted: 24 March,all,That Guy ☆VG☆,"Destiny Warriors is a RPG Maker made game whose whole premise is taken almost verbatim off of the manga Naruto, even titles, characters, and events are basically the same. Storyline is bland and the use of vulgarity takes you back to when you were in middle school and started cursing for the first time. Generic, unoriginal soundtrack with a flood of grammatical errors help to unimmerse you from what would be a terrible game to an unplayable game. Battle system is riddled with tediousness and unbalanced scaling, just plain boring with a lot of glitches (ex: where the tooltip for certain abilities would let you attack multiple enemies and only give you one attack). Everytime I tried to take a screenshot or close the game it crashed by itself.Battle System:Enemies do little to no damage and spend half their turns defending and just dragging the battle out, one mob does about 20 damage when it attacks yet when it poisons a character they take 100+ damage a turn. Oh yeah, your characters start out with an absurd amount of health and level up at an insane rate despite killing the exact same weak enemies. Your main character does around 100 damage with his standard attack, the enemies you encounter at the start have about that much health. The kicker? Your characters do not actually have any weapons equipped when you get them, not even a basic rusty sword or anything which is just plain lazy and makes me wonder what in the hell are they infusing when they use weapon enhancement abilities? The majority of the ablities are lazy renamings (your non-clone clone jutsu also has thunder clone, fire clone, etc. variations) and have animations that don't match them at all. Based on the clips provided on the steam page it appears that even later in the game the damage values barely change if at all.Pros:+ If you don't know anything about Naruto then you might have some funCons:- Storyline is a bland blatant rip off of one of the more popular manga's (Naruto)- Generic Soundtrack straight from RPG Maker- Battle system is boring and unbalanced- Dialogue is extremely poor and vulgar and full of grammatical errors that create and unimmersive experience- Littered with glitchesTL;DR:2/10I always strive to give games a chance, even the indie developers and the RPG Maker games that playeres produce, but this is among the few games you should avoid even if it's a few dollars."
76561198116491765,Not Recommended,399790,33000095,Posted: 29 June,all,timire_92,"The story was so bad Naruto rip-off and dialoque was written so poorly, mostly childish swearing and tutorial was so clumsy. Can't focus on anything posibbly positive because of those negative aspects. Played for about 100 minutes then couldn't anymore. Can't recommend this to anyone."
,Not Recommended,399790,18037709,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,dingschlong fangbanger,"Not worth the $0.95 I paid. Naruto knockoff storyline, ♥♥♥♥♥♥ script, and a boring battle mechanic."
76561198137262374,Not Recommended,399790,31018943,Posted: 8 April,all,Zimm,"Naruto Fan based JRPG:Positives:1)  InexpensiveNegatives:1)  Plot appears not to be original...(seems to attempt to replicate Naruto)2)  Equipping your party is a hassle.3)  Tedious game play.4)  Dialogue is annoying.5)  Balancing skills and abilities is not well done, in my opinion.Overall:  I do not recommend this game."
,Not Recommended,399790,19189068,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,raphvusi,"Naruto? There is a map incomplete? Annoying a lot of chests? So many f...ing enemies and when its same level with you it's like it's never gonna end? Ohh don't make me talk buddy cuz an unfinished or uncompleted game here. OR,,, they din't know how to use RPGmaker."
76561197972252663,Not Recommended,399790,18943577,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,[G]Manlove,"The makers of this game think best part of jrpgs is combat, which is always the worst part. Endlessly repeating the same things (skills, combos etc) over and over again. Even worse, this game has unseen enemy encounters with those that you can see. Which is pretty idiotic. At some point of the game even normal enemies start to have so much hp that random encounters vs normal enemies last for minutes. And you have to fight them ... a lot. Also 90% of the skills are completely useless. And with enemy hp so high even your best skills dont do enough damage. And at some point enemies will start to stunlock your whole party forever.Also that genius who thought its a good idea that enemies can spawn from treasure chests should never make games again. Also the other thing about combat later is that only your skills that use TP[TP is another mana, only worse] do any damage. And of those only those that use all your TP (100) at one time. So combat turns into use a potion to get 100 tp, use skill, use potion to get 100 tp etc etc, and the best part is that those skills can even miss, losing all your TP.Also there is no use fighting after one point, because enemies scale with your level. So everytime a random encounter starts you can try to run away, except from chest and visible monster (what the hell?). Most of the time the running away doensnt work and because you cant access menu or load in combat forces you to close the game and when you have to do this all the time, it really buggers your steam friends receiving constant notions that you are playing this awful game. The story is pretty nice (in a so bad dialogue it turns kinda into good way), Naw who am I kidding its bad as hell.And nothing can save it as the abyssmal combat ruins the game.And the last thing, I've never ever wished that game would end more. But no it just keeps going and going, and splitting the party all the time forcing you with horrible party combinations and with less people easier for enemies to stunlock you to death. Theres lots of content that should have been scrapped and even cheap things like big maps with mazes and levers(are there just to make the game longer) that you need to push in correct order which you cant see as theres no map and view distance is too near. All while trying to avoid combat from invisible & visible enemies and saving everytime you open a chest, because if theres combat, you need to restart the game.Example battle I might never win. 5 Enemies vs 1 my hero. They use 3 different stuns (stun, paralyze and ice) If any of them stun me, combat is automatically lost. You can only protect yourself vs stuns with armors that have worse stats and only protect vs 1 effect so no dice there. If I luck through one enemy turn without stunlock, I can use 1 spell, which is my best spell and it does about 500-600 damage, enemies have about 10k-15k health.So 1/10 avoid like the plague."
,Not Recommended,399790,31991928,Posted: 27 May,all,ChronoLloyd,"This is by far one of the worst RPG Maker games I have ever played, the legitimately only good thing of this game is Max his roasts during the tournament chapter.-The game is unbalanced (example: there's one fight in the 10th Chapter where you have to fight a clone of JC and he insta-kills you.)-Storyline is ripped straight from naruto and throws curse words in every single sentence, it's almost like it's been written by a 10 year old CoD player.-Map design is horrible, there are so many unused spaces and the dungeons are literally generated with the Dungeon Generator in VX Ace.-There is an item ""The Adventures of Kitt"" that crashes the game when used.Me and a friend decrypted the file and saw that there were 10 versions of every map just to put different events inside (while it could have easily been done with multiple event pages on an event.)Shortly summarized, this game is really bad and sets the example of ""bad RPG maker games""The matter is not that they use the standard graphics, as those games can still be fun and ""good"", but this one is garbage."
,Not Recommended,399790,22771646,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,stardustsunday,"Everything wrong with this game can be summarised in one sentence:Extremely $hitty battle system.It's not obvious in the beginning, but once you level up to 20-something, the absolute r3tardedness of it all becomes clear.Some examples of what I mean:1) At level 27, ceteris paribus (i.e. all conditions being equal), your normal attack is 61, versus your enemy's normal attack of 519. This is with the best available gear and maximum power-ups in the form of various item purchases.2) The elemental attacks are frigging meaningless - e.g. you would think a ""flaming rat"" would be immune to fire right? And yes, forsomefire attacks they get very little damage. But for a few fire attacks, they receive the same damage as others, and can also suffer from the ""+burn"" status effect - even though the graphics clearly depict them as being already on fire (and their element is fire)! Where's the logic?!3) At the ninja tournament, you are suddenly made to use characters youwere not using on a regular basis before. (The game always forcefully assigns characters to you to fight with throughout.) As a result, because these characters were not prepped or appropriately levelled up for the challenge, it is nigh impossible to win the battle using them. You have to be popping +HP pills all the time, and even then it's a huge challenge (you just have to betting on the fact that your opponent won't kill you using one of their specials, which have the potential to wipe you out at one go, since your opponents are several levels higher than you are, and equipped with the best possible gear!!!). Where's the fun in that???4) Normal attacks, which consume no MP and TP, deal WAY more damage than magic/skill attacks. I'm talking figures like 448 (using normal attack) as opposed to 92 (using MP/TP attack). Get lost!!!!!!5) You never ever get a chance to remove status effects like +poison, +blind, +burn, etc because some of your enemies are so fast that their turn keeps coming before you even get a chance to move. This in particular happens during the ninja tournament. So, just wait to die. Kthx.I suspect most of the these problems have to do with the fact that, after you reach a certain level, the game just suddenly starts assigning you enemies that are at least 2-3 levels higher than you. So when you're at level 27 for instance, you could be facing 6 enemies at levels 28, 27, 29, 29, 25, 28 respectively. And yes, it's YOU (one person), versus 6 of them. What the hell.It's a pity because I kind of enjoyed the game in the earlier stages, before it started going completely insane with the battle system. The story was corny, but the narrative and goals were clear, and there were many places and items to explore. (Speaking of which, some of the items were bleedin' USELESS. Once again, you'll only find this out later on in the game when more items start becoming available, and you realise they are 100% redundant. Youcan't even usemany of them during battle. Shan't elaborate because my consternation at this game is growing with every word I type.)So, yeah. I basically wasted my time going this far in this game, because I've concluded that it'simpossibleto proceed without some extreme hair-tearing and head-banging (against the wall or table) due to the anger and frustration that this game's battle system will induce in you.I should also mention that the English is beyond atrocious. E.g. ""insensitive"" used instead of ""incentive""; ""peak"" used instead of ""pique"", and so on. And you get spellings like ""rouge"" (instead of ""rogue"" - and the wrongly-spelled version appears for the WHOLE game!!!), ""paralized"" (instead of ""paralysed""), etc etc. Very often, the words are spelled likehow the game author thinks they are pronounced, instead of what they actually are. He could probably write his own dictionary with the sheer number of words he's re-spelled.And then there's the dialogue - in the beginning of the game it's still quite ok, then suddenly, you start seeing ""f***"" appeareverywhere.*shakes head*Forget it. Just forget it."
76561198075784908,Not Recommended,399790,24109777,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Alcunha,"Wow.. I dont even know where to start with this game... Ok, here's a start: DONT BUY THIS GAME. DONT PLAY THIS GAME.Wanna know why? Keep reading:The story is ""ok"" - at best. And the dialogues are a bit funny, I'll give you that, but lets begin on the CONS:Balancing is stupid. Enemies will always be above your level and strength and can 1-2hit kill you easily. There's a level 50 cap but it doesnt matter if you're grinding and reach max level, cos enemies are STILL GONNA HAVE MORE LEVELS, STRENGTH AND HP OVER YOU AND CAN STILL 1-2HIT KILL YOU.And the design on this game.. GOD, the design! Get this:This game is about Crowd Control abuse. CC them and you can keep hitting them for 20 turns until they die (this is bound to happen a lot). If YOU become target of a CC chain, you lose. Simple as that. And that's pretty much how every boss in this game works. Believe, it's not fun to watch them hit you 5 turns in a row and you cant do anything but watch and die.The spells are all messed up: Spells learned on lvl 20 that cost 100 mana ARE STRONGER THAN SPELLS LEARNED ON LEVEL 45 AND COST 350 MANA. Spells supposed to be of the same element, won't work the same way on an enemy. Example: 3 fire element spells on the SAME enemy can cause: 1 to hit for super effective, 1 to hit for normal damage and 1 will cause enemy to resist it.Oh, and game will force you to play with a set party that it formed on its own. Like throw 4 fire magicians in a dungeon with only fire resistant enemies. The struggle is real, and it happens often on the story line.Whoever made this game should go back to school. SOOOO many typos, bad grammar, lack of proper punctuation, etc. Its trully awful to read it.Game is flooded with items that are very much alike when it comes to its effects. There are potions, ramen, lunch, ninja food, etc. They all heal for %hp or mp and SEVERAL HEAL FOR THE SAME % AS ALL OF THEM. It's just unnecessary to have so many items alike.Loot is totally useless. They are super rare to drop and cant be used for crafting or anything other than sold on the stores, for like 5 bucks.Some items have the same sprite AND description, but are different items!Super easy to break the game: buy a gold boost item, play for a while, get rich and buy everything you'll need for the rest of the game.Bottom line: dont put yourself through this suffering. Dont support this poorly made game. Dont buy it."
,Not Recommended,399790,28902072,Posted: 1 January,all,Endlave,"Masashi Kishimoto (author of Naruto) called. He would like his godawful story back.I have always been wary about RPG maker games, as the potential for them to be bad is high. And this game? It is just awful.Clearly inspired by the horrible anime that is Naruto, the story revolves around Ninjas going to a ninja academy, passing the test and joining a team. Though, unlike the arbitrary goal of becoming the next ninja bozz, your goal in this game is to merely defeat ""the forces of evil"". And you better believe it.Now, now. I know that RPG maker stories tend to have these cliche stories about defeating evil, collecting crystals, killing the four overlords of whatever and whatnot. Even great game series like Final Fantasy did that so you normally are supposed to turn a blind eye and give the game a chance regardless, but I don't even want to give it the benefit of the doubt because the writing is just that bad right off the bat. Spelling errors, missing punctuation, badly written dialogue that doesn't even make any sense. The text reads as if it was written by a 5th grader with all the amateurish mistakes you could possibly make. I haven't finished the game, but I bet it won't get any better.The character sprites also don't seem to really fit the mood of the game. They are ninjas, yet the protagonist's friend looks like a mage or noble. Even the names don't match the setting. Ever heard of a ninja called Spark? What about J.C? Yes, that's right. The main character is called Jay Cee. I wonder if he will rap his way to Hokage, oh wait, wrong goal.But if neither the story or characters are good, at least the gameplay will be nice, right? Nope, it's your typical Final Fantasy like combat. While that's not bad, it certainly isn't innovative, either. Now RPG Maker games seldom want to be innovative, but they kind of have to be if the story and characters fail to deliver. From what I have seen, some special moves and magic spells even share the same animation. How boring is that? One special move literally looked like the basic attack. How exciting. Did the sprites for the special move get lost or something? Lazy.I know this game is just a buck, but even just that buck could get you better entertainment elsewhere. Do yourself a favor and stay clear of this game.I seldom say this, but even Naruto was better written than this. And I freaking hate Naruto."
,Not Recommended,399790,18272850,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Cheerylixilis,So...Yeah. Obvious Naruto influence to the point of near ripoff.Stock RPG maker stuffREALLY boring area designs for  75% of the game.Really just...there's better RPG maker games by far. Go for them.
,Not Recommended,399790,32941440,Posted: 28 June,all,Jack O Lantern,Copy cat plot of Naruto and fights are similar to Pokemon battles but get boring fast.3/10.I regret buying this.
76561198101175641,Not Recommended,399790,22438033,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Jenny_Jester,"Totally a rip-off of Naruto.The Mapping is bad, the story not original, the setting illogical (a Ninja called Max), the dialogues feel like they were written by a 12-year-old (""Dude""? ""Bro""? ...seriously?) and the fighting is stretched, tiresome, boring and annoying and you have the hated random enemies.I only got it because it was in the JRPG Bundle with three other RPG Maker games, otherwise I would've never bought it.It's absolutely okay to get some inspiration from a beloved anime, game, movie and so on, but simply copying everything and not creating anything that's original or creative is definitely not okay."
,Not Recommended,399790,29634865,Posted: 1 February,all,quinz,Very poor story and implementation. Immature language and just plain dummy dialogs. The game also crashes every time I close it. That's probably the worst RPG I've played in Steam.
,Not Recommended,399790,31103855,Posted: 12 April,all,kLAT,Very repetetive and its like you play some sort of bad Naruto RPG.
76561198167775366,Not Recommended,399790,24654656,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Aleestoor,"The characters look out of place, the premise is a blatant ripoff of Naruto, and the mechanics feel generic and cheap."
,Not Recommended,399790,34850972,Posted: 9 September,all,esperanza93094,"I got this game in a bundle for $.55 and I thought I'd give it a try despite the other reviews. In all honesty, I regret not listening to the reviews. The game is obviously a huge rip off of Naruto, from the characterization, to the set up of the world and the history, to the entire plot. There was nothing about this game that was original. The only reason I played as long as I did was because I wanted to see how far the creator of this game went with Naruto's original story in this game. In the beginning, I played them game laughing at the ""similarities"" but, after awhile, the humor and ridiculousness quickly turned to irritation. The game went out of its way to be more difficult than it needed to be and became less about following the story line to just trying to survive battle to battle for hours at a time. After awhile, it became pointless and irritating and, eventually, led me to stop playing. Because of this, I do not recommend this game unless you like pointless, mindless battles and games that are an obvious rip off from someone else's idea."
76561198028390138,Not Recommended,399790,18037493,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,Raeg,I don't know how anyone likes this game.  It's a low quality RPGMaker game and is nothing like FF or Chrono Trigger
76561198080959641,Recommended,399790,18030434,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,Celles,"This game is....very average. Three characters are pretty similar to that of naruto im my opinon which isn't bad its just not unique. The story is ok, but again also similar to that of naruto in some respects. Ok so as far as the gameplay goes, its actually pretty fun for the most part. This reminds me of yu-yu hakusho on gameboy advance (minus the movement during the fight). And that game to me was one of the best rpg's I've ever played.A few things to note that soured the experience for me though. First, the buffs (or effects whatever you wanna call them). Oh my god these buffs are the most overpowered things ever. So there are a few parts of the game where you have to split your party up into groups of two (which already annoys me), but some of these enemies can stun, paralyze, freeze, burn, ect... My first time going through this with my two characters, both of them got stunned at the same time. Not only is that an annoyingly common thing that happens but it lasts for (I♥♥♥♥♥♥you not) a minimum of three rounds. So about 25% of this game for me was just sitting there waiting so that I can actually do something. Like holy hell I understand a need for challenge but immobilizing the player to make it harder for them is not the way to do it.Finally, this game looks like half of it was written by a clever professional writer, but the other half looks like it was written by a 15 year old that forgot to proofread his work. I understand this isn't a triple a title or anything but cmon guys. You gotta be better than this.All in all its a fun game, its worth the $3, but it has its drawbacks and if these flaws bother you then don't get it."
76561198007205207,Not Recommended,399790,26284547,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Parsifal,"I really wanted to like this game. Just look at the time I put in. That said, the story was not there and I constantly found myself being thrown with typos in the dialogue. A bleed through in the menus as to what was a skill vs what was magic was a bit annoying, but hoenstly the balance became my biggest issue with the game.Again, I can look past stock graphics and sound, I can overlook a few typos, but this game will likely become unplayable for most by the halfway point. If you're going to make games for passion, great and more power to you. If you intend on publishing a game and charging people for your work, provide a finished product.Short summary:-Story and dialogue written by someone that is not familiar with spell check or the basic components of a story.-Combat and balance is completely broken. You'll be going back and forth from zero challenge, to grueling battles that can only be won by luck. I find it hard to believe that this wasn't recognized as a problem at some point - but then again you'll spend half the game fighting ninja 'rouges' XD.-By the time I put this down I was happy I didn't pay full price, but realize the time I invested was a far bigger loss than the one my wallet took.Avoid even on sale. There is absolutely no reason I would recommend this game to anybody. Ever."
,Not Recommended,399790,22712015,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Wereboar,"Story of the unlimited life bug...A ""fantastic"" Ninja (sic) story, that holds less about it's own background.Graphics: -This is a plain RPG Maker game, and since you can't downscale the graphics it doesn't look nice.Sound: ØAverage standard sounds.Playability: ---This game actually becomes soon unplayable. It's bug ridden. I encountered several bugs, the worst and lastly gamebreaking bug is a bug that I encountered during the ""Tournament"". I have savegames and the fights went well, till the second day. I had reduced the opponent to zero hitpoints, normally knocking her out, but somehow the NPC kept kicking and lastly I ran out of health - Epic fights? Indeed I felt reminded of Le Morte d'Artus and the epics fights where the knights fought for days on, without any sign of weakness and fatigue - sadly in the game also unrealistic and utterly frustrating. Lastly the game closed with a bug, and needed to be shut down by either task manager or... closing the window externally... This actually is a sign of unresolved function calls, that can cause the RPG Maker machine to get quirky.Genre type values:Story: --I've heard and read a lot about the story, and I've done my own researches about some of the given terms and historic topics. Yes, it is a fantasy story! Yes, it is also a story that is taking a lot out of ""Anime""-Stuff, some of this, too unrealistic, totally Mary Sue (or Gary Sue) and thus destroying it's own basis. To call the story ""cheesy"" can actually be an insult to cheese. But I am actually lacking a better word for it at the moment.Leveling/Character Developement: --Unbalanced to a very annoying point. You rise fast in levels and will actually have no trouble fighting down the foes the game throws in your face. The skills and different kinds of ""Magic"" will become overwhelming. The developement of the characters is like some prepotent, bragging and utterly overdone kids playground.Immersion: ØOne of the better parts, because the game actually is able to draw you in at first. You will find quite soon very unsympathetic (in the sense of unlikeable) characters which you actually would love to skip down the... errr, drain.Overall: 8 -Alone on the given points this game is a waste of time, and money. Don't buy it, in it's current state it's just a burden. I am actually wondering if I am the only person to encounter the gamebreaking bug, or if others also had the same troubles.Value for Money: Fair at 99 CentsThe game is actually cheap, and thus the playing time here is a good measure of the value.Not RecommendedThe game is not recommendable, not even to RPG Fans, not even to fans of trash..."
,Recommended,399790,21104468,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,A Sexual Pan,why play this game when you could be killing yourself
76561198078122880,Not Recommended,399790,29393568,Posted: 21 January,all,Zerkace,"The story is a plain rip-off of Naruto. I played the game on easy and still had to repeat a lot of fight because the boss spam you with statuses and there's almost no protection against it. You just have to pray and be lucky.... (again, I was playing on EASY mode.....)Just don't buy it, I'd like to find something positive to say but I don't see any."
76561198069159152,Not Recommended,399790,30766769,Posted: 26 March,all,wrb41977,"Bought this game on discount. Not sure if I can recommend it, as I have run into a serious bug around Chapter 6, where I get stuck in the inn... and can't get out of the floor.Also, I have noticed some reviews mention that the game has a Naruto-like background/story. As I have not played Naruto, I cannot really tell you for sure."
76561198020067850,Not Recommended,399790,23190557,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,Osselpi,"So, here we have Destiny Warriors RPG, ""heavily influenced by Chrono Trigger, Final Fantasy and the Dragon Quest series"". Those are some big names. So how heavy is this game influenced be the aforementioned titles? Not much. I - being a lover especially of Chrono Trigger - didn't even see a hint about it except that both games are basically in a classic RPG-Style.What did I like?-The beginning wasn't exceptional but ok.-The game itself works - most of the time.-I really did want to see how the story progresses and it all ends. But it seems I can't drag myself through the end. It's just too painful.-I liked the idea of implementing quizzes regarding the games setting for getting some additional items and one part of the storyline.-Some thought and work has been invested into it.What did I dislike? Oh boy, actually a ton...-All the assets are as far as I can tell stock assets, which does not need to be a huge downside. But be warned: you might've seen these faces and animations in a lot of games, you've heard the songs thousands of times, the sounds are old friends (which might be a plus if you're very into it)...-At the beginning, it plays pretty smooth, your characters learn new abilities, they progress through levels and get stronger. However, soon leveling is almost obsolete. Enemies will then always take lower damage and dish out more than your characters can. The only attacks which work good are so Chi-expensive you need to carry ludicrous amounts of Chi-pills with you; and healing kits or ""tents"" (which revive all of your crew). ""Elemental attacks"" aren't really that powerful even against the correct ""contra-element"". Gear does more for winning a battle than leveling. Luck DECIDES MOST OF YOUR BATTLES. Even if your ""gang"" has the highest possible levels (it is 50 for some chars, less for others) you'll get your♥♥♥♥♥handed to you in later battles.  Even with the most pricey armour and weaponry. Tactical options are limited to finding the attacks which work best; and still you have to press Enter all the way through battle for a long time. Your only chance of taking some influence on the battles is using gear which might give extra protection against certain ""elemental"" enemies or... trying to escape. Which most often will not work near the end, even if your chars are maxxed. I don't know if it is even possible to win this game without cheating. I guess by poor chance it might be possible.I've played lots of RPG-Maker games and underdogs (I like to give many games a chance), but seldomly have I met something so frustrating. It is a frustration that sets in too late for you to notice to pull the plug. I know how many games require a good deal of grinding but here you do it just to see that IT DOESN'T HELP AT ALL. After you've done it.-The storyline. I don't want to put too many spoilers in here, but a good deal of it is pretty blunt. There's things never hinted or talked about by any (N)PC, it's just ""BOOM - THERE IT IS - IT ALWAYS WAS LIKE THAT - TAKE THAT, SHUT UP, DO YOUR MISSION"". It is extremely linear (well, many (RPG-Maker) games are to a certain degree, but here you are accompanied with this feeling right from the start. Minor Spoiler for one example: You get a world map at a certain point in the game which allows you to travel around. But you can only visit places you've already been to. Yes, sometimes there are little changes, but nothing too much.-Sidequests. They are not really quests. You can - yes, spoiler - trade in some (sometimes extremely rare) loot items for cash or experience. One by one. Always going through the same dialogue. Or you can fight some monsters which most likely will ""rip you a new one"" for some experience. Wow.-The Battles (again): Everything is drawn out, tons of battles are there to slow you down. Regardless of your difficulty setting you'll lose hours of your life just trying to escape or fight through the sheer number of encounters you will face. You'll spent much time restarting the game completely if you try to avoid some seemingly unnecessary fights by just reloading your game. Why? You can't flee many battles because the enemies are faster/better skilled than you. You can't just quickly restart the game with F12 because this crashes it in most instances.-Loot. How can loot be bad? Well because there often is none, instead you get additional fights which draw out the game even longer. You might have to fight even the hardest baddies to just get an empty chest or another soul-rending encounter. And often you get mediocre stuff you'd already have discarded because you need better gear to even get to the area where this stuff is located. Only money seems to help a bit.-Crashes when trying to restart with F12 (which might be a compatibility problem with Steam, I can't tell for sure), Crashes when you're trying to use some in-game items (like the great series of the ""Kitt""-Books)-This is a minor complaint, but the writing and grammar... well there are noticeable errors all throughout the game.-Somebody charged money for this.I didn't even finish it yet which I wanted to accomplish before writing this review - sometimes a good ending may make up for a lot of trouble - but it is just getting slower, sluggish even, unfair to non-working, more boring and repetitive towards the end. I guess sometime I might get to it but as for now... no. Just no.There might be more to say but I feel like I've already invested too much time into this game altogether. If you ask me this is not a recommendable game. Even if you get it heavily discounted.As it is with reviews, this conclusiion might contain some subjective impressions."
76561198232051720,Not Recommended,399790,33099256,Posted: 1 July,all,Babus,waste of time.feels like an incomplete naruto fangame
76561198137174846,Not Recommended,399790,22454149,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Sasha Ermakov,"this is by far the lsmest Naruto rip-off i've seen, only reason to play it is to get badges/easy achievements/perfect game ratings up. but seriously, even for that it's something i'd think over..."
76561198019338462,Not Recommended,399790,21097304,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Poyzo,"The worst RPG Maker game I've played yet!I'm one that actually likes RPG Maker games. They take me back to the old SNES era of games that have that certain charm. This game does not have that. At all.Pros:- Decent, yet typical story. If you're an RPG lover then you would have probably experienced this story a plethora of times.Cons:- Terrible scaling- Magic. Some magic that cost 200 MP does less damage than magic that does 100 MP- Corny dialog- Regular, random battles drag on far too long. It's as if each fight last 2-3 minutes. That isn't welcomed here.- Troll game. The game will send two fire users (forcefully) to a fire themed area, thus your attacks will be resisted (do a lot less/half damage). At this point you're better off just running from every battle you can just so you can get to the boss while avoiding 4-6 minute random encounters. That's insane and troll-ish.- Useless treasure chests. Run pass the chest(s) and you'll save yourself from forced encounters/""mimics"", random encounters and being disappointed that you got some junk.I've finished this game just to see how tedious it would get... and it didn't fail, it got even more tedious along the way! Don't torture yourself with this game.The developer(s) obviously tried with this game, however it feels as if this game is in beta. Hell, alpha really. There is so much that needs to be worked on that it's sad that it was released the way it was."
,Not Recommended,399790,26416904,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,平和. Fat Burner !!,game suck..many bug...at some point u may be stuck coz too many stun..paralyse..frozen...also bug in chi user..need 400 chi for 1 damage...stupid game...this suck even u play easy this game make u hard...
,Not Recommended,399790,26653279,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Buttlet32,"Two things:1)RIP my long review that wouldn't save.2)This game has more spelling/grammatical errors in the first five minutes than I have hairs on my body.UPDATE 1: First Mission was originally supposed to be weed picking, and now I'm stuck tracking down some rogue ninja because my teammates and I are stuck up brats that would rather risk their lives than pick weeds. I'd love some Legend of Zelda lawn mowing in this game, but no. Instead I'm bounty hunting. Ugh.UPDATE 1.5: First mission...was a little repetitive.*Opens first chest* What the...*Opens second chest* What the...*Opens thirdd chest* What the...*Opens fourth chest* What the*Opens fifth chest* What the...This enemy is blocking the way...are you ready?-Yes.This enemy is blocking the way...are you ready?-Yes.This enemy is blocking the way...are you ready?-Yes.This enemy is blocking the way...are you ready?-Yes.You've reached a chest....*Opens Chest* What the...UPDATE 2: I've managed to beat every enemy without chakra or any techniques...just my normal attack with my normal sword.UPDATE 3: Mission 2....retrieve the real scroll, because it totally wasn't obvious the bad guy gave the real scroll back. Cmon game. How predictable.UPDATE 3.1: Mission 2....*opens chest* You found a single flippin Ryo. WOW!!! That can buy me a whole lot of nothing.UPDATE 4: No it's not!UPDATE 5: Yes it is!UPDATE 6: But it can't be!!UPDATE 7: Oh, but it is.UPDATE 8: My lord and savior has arrived.UPDATE 9: I have finally received what I have been waiting for this whole time...UPDATE 10: THE...UPDATE 11: FINAL...UPDATE 12: TRADING CARD!!!!!UPDATE 13: I'm finally free from the wretched game that steam has bestowed upon me.UPDATE 14: Eh, I've come this far, why stop now.UPDATE 15: Mission 2.....I brutally murdered four rats and stole their cheddar cheese. 10/10 I've changed my recommendation status.UPDATE 15.1: Misson 2...I found swamp grass and have a sword, but I can't cut the grass with my sword? I need grass clippers to cut it. Geez.UPDATE 15.2: Mission 2...The main character J.C. who is the character I move around with died...battle finished and JC is back on his feet. Enters another battle and JC is dead. Conclusion: JC is a zombie.UPDATE 15.3: Mission 2... I finally found the man with the Grass Clippers...and he wants me to pay him 500 Ryo for them. 10/10UPDATE15.4: Mission 2...I finished retrieving the scroll, but found out that the scroll wasn't a scroll it was a shopping list. I didn't choose this life. This life chose me and it sucks.UPDATE 16: Mission 3...My lifelong ninja dream is a success. I finally get to do what I wanted to do from the  start...PICK WEEDS!!! I'm so happy like you don't even know.UPDATE 16.1:Mission 3...I finally received the 500 Ryo back from the old man who robbed me of my money in exchange for grass clippers.And Finally...UPDATE 16.2: Mission 4....I realized I'm spoiling the game, so after rage quitting, throwing my computer mouse at the TV, and waking the whole neighborhood up, I'm done playing this game and writing this review. GOODNIGHT!!!! *storms out of room, and gently shuts door on the way out*"
76561198095222276,Not Recommended,399790,26759211,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,FocusYourEnergy,The game has a lot of problems that make fighting certain enemies almost impossible.
,Not Recommended,399790,20978374,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Icemage Antonius,"Oh boy. I remember when i was 12. Ironically, F12 will save you from this ingame!I was so close to recommending this for the first ...1/4 of the game? (there's at least something of a story and characters are reassssonably memorable)..and then it all starts deteriorating rapidly off a metaphorical cliff.First off, while the battle themes are enjoyable the first 20 times you hear them, the fights require almost ZERO skill, but massive amounts of persistence. The creator has NOT had the battle difficulty tested or anything - all the enemies have an insane amount of health, but you almost always level up just from every battle. Tone it down! Because they have so much health, you're reluctant to spend the 20+ mins PER BATTLE. Takes some real effort.While some bosses (in particular the phantom battles) have a sneaky set way to win (like using confusion), there's no way to learn this without dying again and again...off-putting?The story was kind of charming for a very short while (very naruto-esque and i'm not a fan of naruto), until you really can't ignore the spelling mistakes EVERYWHERE...and the lack of commas...And that's when 'f**k* starts appearing everywhere. And not in a well-placed way, but a blatant 'i'm 12 and i'm super cereal!'...*sigh*The constant quizzing to make sure you're paying attention to this half-arsed, stolen narrative becomes compulsory near the end too...and the rewards weren't useful at all. The creator truly understands their audience.There was one part that was SO cringeworthy, i tried to print screen it and then learnt that F12 crashes the game - HAH.Max literally says, and i quote: ""I would suck your balls [for more power]/[to become stronger]""....-_- The dialogue is just so prepubescent. Then J.C's brother offers him a condom in the 'tunnel of love'....and not in a funny way.The characters make me shake my head forlornly :( Max especially - ""loser loser loser loser i'm an emo"".Is it naptime yet?ALMIGHTY SIGHIn short, kudos on making a functional world with some half-thought to enemy types and money system, but for the love of god, please get someone older/someone who has interacted with human beings to do the story and characters.God awful, and I made an effort NOT to hate them :("
76561198197234309,Not Recommended,399790,25336046,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,lddake,"I only got this game because it was included in a package deal that I thought looked decent. So I didn't pay much for it but I'm still mad I bought it. Let me try to form a Pro vs Con list here:Pros:*It has steam trading cards*It has acheivements (if you hunt those)*Cons:*Very bland storyline, not well explained*Horrible grammatical and spelling errors in dialogue*Very cheesy dialogue*Not a lot of freedom that you expect from an RPG; very linear game*Blatant ripoff of another popular anime series*VERY glitchy, my game crashes over the slightest thing; started with trying to read an in game book*I would say bad battle mechanics, but I don't think that would begin to cover it. These battle mechanics are so bad that it seriously makes the game almost unplayable. Early on in the game it's easy, if tedious, but later in the game you get to a tournament where you are forced to fight a group of 1 on 1 battles that the only way to pass is sheer luck! The computers character will either freeze or paralyze you to the point where you have to stand there and watch them take you down 2000+ hp to death unless you are lucky enough for it to wear off and their next attack doesn't do it again! And there is no way to guard against it nor increase resistance to these attacks!!!To be fair if I really wanted to pick this apart more I know I could. I don't like not finishing games I start, but I may not finish this one due to the glitches at this point. But keeping the tradition of all the reviews I write I have to give this game an overall score: 2 out of 10. It could have been so much more with a little effort from the devs, because I really do love RPG's like this, but please don't waste your time or money on this one!"
76561198365236399,Not Recommended,399790,30254163,Posted: 28 February,all,Awai,"I saw the reviews and I still ended up trying the game... ugh. Lots to cover and much to agree on with others.The game description states an epic 12 hr JRPG and being a lover of RPG, I bought it via a bundle to try. Continued reading the description and yes, the plot is just like a familiar and famous ninja manga. The story plot is essentially large chunks of the ninja manga and that is just unfortunate. I feel the game could have had a much more interesting story than doing a spin-off. Next thing you notice as you start the game, is the english dialogue. This is either aimed towards a much younger crowd where the people either find cursing amusing/to be giggled at (oh my goodness, did that character just say that!) or the developers actually thought people would like such type of dialogues. My opinion: no. De-values the game and detracts from the game as well - too many errors in the dialogue. If you are even remotely a grammar nut, you will cringle throughout the game when the characters 'talk'. Next, the 'travelling' aspect of the game. There truly isn't much space to travel. The storyline is so rigid that you can't possibly deviate it, skip it, or come back to it at all. IE: you don't want to progress in the game, but want to explore the town/buy items/etc. More often than you want, you can't do it, because when you try to enter the store, your character may say 'I don't have time to do this, I have to meet ... blah'. To me, that detracts from RPGs I'm used and maybe someone likes it, but I hated it. I understand the need to progress the storyline and all, but severely limiting what a character can do in-between the plot is just aggravating to the player. Next, 'world map'. No such thing. You can't travel freely 90% of the time. Again, it's all limited depending on your progression in the story plot. Next, battle system! The game teaches you how to initiate, avoid, and fight. It's nice how they did it and through the game, I liked the battle design until a certain point. My gripe with the system is not how the battle system is made, but the balance behind the battles. Your characters learn new skills and techniques (xtu as they are called) as they level up (great stuff right? No need to find skill books or etc), their cost of using each skill or technique goes up. One skill can cost 100 and the next skill learned that is suppose to be the next level of the skill is 200. The amount of damage from the skill costing 200 does less damage than the skill that costs 100. That is ridiculous! Other similar things: 1) A skill says the ultimate skill, does 1 damage to the enemy, but a skill that you started the game with does at least 20 damage (WTF), 2) an enemy is clearly resistant to fire damage, but only to certain fire xtu - fire wall doesn't work well, but fire storm does (WTF), 3) the skill list is not organized for each character, 4) your xtu techniques doesn't get that much stronger as your character's level get stronger/you equip better weapons (IE: fireball deals 100 dmg at the beginning of the game, deals roughly the same when I maxed out the character's level with a much better equip), 5) TP reset - like mana, but they get reset out of each battle, which is aggravating because some skills need 100 TP for activation, but you have to either use an item or wait a round or two to reach 100 TP to even use it, at which point you will realize you will die before you reach 100 TP via a regular way. 6) xtu states randomly attacks 2 enemies, I use it and it ONLY attacks the enemy ONCE - the game is full of glitchs. Even aside from all those points, the most aggravating part of the game that made me stop playing (even though I bared with it all till almost the end of the game) is the balance between the enemies you fight and your character leveling up. Enemies in the game are progressive, meaning as you level up, they level up accordingly. You will notice it as you get stronger in the first part of the game. While this made me think the game is pretty cool to do it, it is broken. Once you reach your level cap - lvl 50, you will realize you are fighting eneies that are 1) higher level AND 2) above your combat statistics' capabilities (because the game was designed to have progressive enemies that will always be higher than you). IE: in a boss fight, there is the boss character and 3 henchmen. The boss character is WEAKER than the henchmen, because the henchmen follows the progressive enemy mechanism more than the boss. While you may think better equips, playing defensively, trying different strategies would work in the end, I assure you, it does not. There are items in the game where you can boost your character's stats. I bought LOADS of them to pump my characters up. The enemies just get stronger based on your stats. At this point, after the carnival part of the story plot, I am facing 4 enemies that are faster than me, deals approx an average of 1K~2K dmg per attack from each enemy, while my characters are max level, has the best equip they can get at that point in the game, exceedingly boosted, and their skills synergizes well with each other. I COULD NOT get past that battle for the longest time. I have died within 3 rounds of battle where the first round I'm attacking and the next two rounds I'm trying to survive, but fail each time. It's near impossible based on the progressive enemy mechanism. After a whole day of trying, I only got past it due to RNG - random number generator - on status afflictions. I got lucky and the enemies were stunned, paralyzed, or frozen. That was the only way I could think of to pass the battle. Which apparently, is the end of the game, because it states 'To B continued'. Yes, the game states B instead of BE.Other things: the game tries to be funny and nonchalant about breaking the 4th wall in the game. No, that just proves how lacking the game was designed. This game can't even hold up a match to Deadpool's capabilities in breaking the 4th wall. The game also limits your ability to buy certain healing items as the game progress. IE: can't buy a potion that heals 25% of max hp, but you must buy the 50% one now. Minor thing, but not cost-effective in cases where I only want to recover 25%, but I have to use a 75% potion to do it as I can't buy the other one anymore. Gaining money can also be an issue in this game. You can get loaded with gold easily if you choose to get the accessory (lucky coin) and fight/grind in the game when there are monsters to fight. However, getting the money does almost nothing, but for you to buy healing items. Getting better equips can be argued to be a pro, but NOTE, this brings difficulties with the mechanism where enemies get stronger than you consistently as you grind/equip better items. At the carnival stage, there are some awesome armor and weapons to buy, but cost a lot. I was able to afford it, but because the stats on those items are so great, my enemies are THAT much stronger as well.Overall, I played game for approx 14 hours with 4 hours of it being trying again and again to pass a battle via RNG and status afflictions. There are definitely multiple flaws in this game where I would not recommend others to play it. It's an aggravating game to play with all those flaws and even more so if you can't win a battle, because you are doing so well in the game due to the imbalanced design. If you want to play this game, you have been warned. 2/10 from me.I just noticed, I have one achievement left - reach part 2. I started on normal mode and I don't know if the hard mode is where part 2 comes in, but I am not replaying this game to find out."
,Not Recommended,399790,19705161,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Itohiro,"Bad and EXTREMELLY unbalanced game with tons of unnecessary curse words, and spelling/grammar mistakes.Most of the enemies are very lickely to freeze/stun/paralyze you and all fights are against 3+ enemies, so guess what? You spend the majority of the time trying to heal yourself instead of attacking, as you've just spent 4 round taking hits without being able to do anything (I've managed to enter a battle with full life and die from a sequence of freezes without even being able to complete a movement). To top it off, when they can't directly stop you from attacking, they manage to burn/poison you, and as it hits a lot, you have to waste a lot of turns healing.There's a part where you have to fight 4x4+2 enemies in a row without being able to heal or save, and with all the problems mentioned above, that was a pain.Another problem are the treasure chests. There are a lot of them, so you would want to open them, but around 35% of them are fake chests with unskipable fights, and the other chests are just random non-essential items, so one would always prefer not to open them, as the reward is never appealing enough.There's a part where you have to kill clones of yourself (The infamous Phantom boss). The problem is that the clones are twice your level and while they can hit 5000+ (and your hp is around 5k), you only hit them 1. ONE! It is a known bug since launch and nothing's been done to fix this.It's a must NOT buy.Obs: It took me 12h to 100% this on easy. Don't try other dificulties, as most of the attacks are bugged, and you hit only 1 with them, so it is already hard enough on easy."
76561198112596673,Not Recommended,399790,28571071,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,twinkletoes,"I got this in a bundle for .50 and still overpaidIf you love getting stunned and killed repeatedly, meeting up with a way op boss - even though you have the best equipment and are levelled up pretty high - then this is the game for you.Oh yeah, and you must be 12 years old, can not spell  and think that saying f#(*all the time makes you cool."
,Not Recommended,399790,23782749,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Lexers615,"Well, the early levels are kinda fun, but, as you climb the levels, the games becomes just plain ridiculous, both with the very same ennemies now with semi-divine stats but many other imbalances, like the Beast Spirit mode, suposedly all powerful,  that is actually very weak... Another example of this poor coding is many lesser attacks turning out to be significantly more powerful than high end attacks. For exemple, Thunder II is at least 5 times more powerful that X-Thunder, and most of Kitt mid level attacks deals more damage that level 40+ attacks of other characters, or even of his own, like the ""Deadly spinkick""  is commonly lethal on high end random encounter while his ""Chaa"" and ""Finish"" moves, that are only learned at his topmost levels, deal little to no damage on ennemies...Regarding ennemies, they elvel up as you do, giving them ridiculuously high damage outputs. For example, any rats you will meet (and there will be tons of them) is of the same level as your party, meaning those roddent will commonly kill your party after 2-3 bites, so leveling up is pointless, as your ennemies will always have the same level..."
76561197969749884,Not Recommended,399790,23506539,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Sarkoth,"An RPG maker game. There's a lot of great games having been made with RPG maker. Sadly, this wasn't one of them."
76561198182299391,Not Recommended,399790,22745789,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Techno_Warrior,"Insanely difficult, you would end up spending more of your time grinding than you would actually continuing on with the story.  And with a story basically ripped out of Naruto, I could point out all the characters that got the minimum re-skin and a name change.  The enemies don't scale with you, and by the time you hit some of the dungeons, you can't run away any more and since it's impossible to go to the shop in a mission you can't restock on supplies that you use in between the battles that take five to ten minutes a piece.How are you expected to handle 16 damage sponge enemies in a row, with two characters that get no healer, and neither of them have weapons that are properly up to the task?  The moment you want to advance the story, all the enemies turn into bosses, every single one of them."
,Not Recommended,399790,30161637,Posted: 25 February,all,nujumkey,"I'm rating this as negative, but really i want to give it a 5/10.Some of what's positive about this game can be found in other RPG maker games. Solid combat system, weapon/armor customization, story focus, linear gameplay. There's also a decent amount exploration for optional quests, and chests are plentiful. I can respect the effort to try and make the story themed around ninjas to get away from the generic medieval rpg maker game (though i will explain an issue with this later). It's also interesting to see the author experiment with a skill mechanic with the tp resource as i don't normally see RPG maker games use anything other than mana.Where this game looses points is in the writing. As an rpg maker game, you're writing is like %50 of the reason why people will pick up your game, so here are some notes about this games writing.-The game tries very hard to explain things very clearly, which leads to a ton of extra text that doesn't feel like it's doing anything. For example the phrase ""speaking in a soft voice"" wasn't necessary because the characters dialog already had gaps and stutters in it.-Thematically you're supposed to be a ninja in training, but the scenery you're in and the people you interact with aren't really themed appropriately. This is of course, an issue with making a game with RPG maker as there is a limited amount of sprites and textures provided to you, but that isn't an excuse for how jarring it is to see a knight is heavy armor in ninja academy.-The plot itself was alright, until i realized that huge chunks of it were ripped-off of young naruto's story. Finally watching anime pays off!-I never thought i'd say this, but the grammer bugged me. So many sentences just felt akward; I'm not good at mechanical writing in general so i can't explain why but half the dialog doesn't work out in my head cleanly. Normally weak writing isn't an issue for me, but for RPG's where a huge part of the investment is the story, it sucks and really drains the enjoyment out of what's supposed to be an interesting part of the game.There is also a major issue with the abilities in the game, they are incredibly unsatisfying to use. Almost none of the mana based abilities do more than you basic attack, so the only reason to use your abilities is to either deal AOE (area of effect) damage, deal a specific elemental damage, or to heal.Some minor notes: there is achievement for beating the character Zane in training, however you train with the guy twice. When you beat him the first time you don't get the achievement, which made me think the game was broken. Some clarification on that would be nice. Also i would like it if i had a chance to buy equipment with the party members i'm going to use, so i'm not having to guess what equipment they can use.Ultimately i found myself liking the game, but i suspect that's because i'm a sucker for straighforward RPG games with linear progression, not because the game was especially good. It's not to not need a walkthrough to get through the game for once. If you've played other RPG maker game you know what you're in for, maybe get it for the easy achievements but otherwise i'd avoid it."
,Not Recommended,399790,25563239,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,EL!X3R,MANAED TO GLITCH MY SAVE TO WHERE THE SCREEN IS ONLY BLACK. DID HIS RIGHT BEFORE THE ENDING. KILL THIS GAME.
,Not Recommended,399790,26329347,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Dragonite,"I haven't finished the game yet (probably will at some point) but I'll post this review now because I'm pretty sure I've seen all I really need to know. There isn't a whole lot to like about this game.Goodedit: this section is only here because I forced myself to write a ""good"" section rather than because I found it to be a truly positive experience.- Story has its moments, but not a whole lot of them and you have to look pretty hard.- ""Mode"" system could be kind of interesting, I guess, though in this instance it also happens to be absolutely unecessary to fight.Bad- Typos, including missing/incorrect punctuation, spelling errors, incorrect word choices and I don't doubt many things I simply didn't catch. Normally I don't like to harp on peoples' writing but dear god it looks like the author was trying to upset their English teacher on purpose.- Font character set contains errors. Most notably, on the Level Up screen the → gets rendered as a question mark because the font wasn't defined properly.- Fade transitions are mis-timed in a lot of cutscenes. Not all, but a good majority of them.- Map tile errors, and just badly designed maps, and tiles that just look plain bad. Some offenses are worse than others.- Weird bug where Max stopped gaining experience.- Battles are neither challenging nor interesting (at least not as of, like, Chapter 4).- Stock RPG Maker assets, which doesn't necessarily affect the game but does not make a good impression.- Contains extremely high-level and professional writing writing such as ""DIE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"" (yes, I counted the exclamation points) and ""CHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA"" (did not bother counting the a's).- Contains strong language. To be clear, I don't care if you want to swear like the soccer players' locker room or not, but if you're going to do it you should probably make a note of it on your Store page lest there be little kids lurking or something."
,Not Recommended,399790,26579659,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,blazegamma,it's like I'm really a dumb little ninja boy taking his ninja exams and trying to find bells from my team leader and trying to become the next hokage10/10 would build a time machine and slap myself for buying this
76561198060257844,Not Recommended,399790,29183209,Posted: 11 January,all,Dracula Spelled Backwards,"Even for a super cheap RPG maker game, this is pretty bad.  Every enemy is a damage sponge.  They also use defend actions constantly, dodge a lot, and you miss frequently.  Every fight slogs on way longer than it should, and these were just the opening fights in the first zone.  I couldn't stick with it long enough to get to a boss, but based on the evidence, I'd guess that would be even more sluggish.  I've played a lot of rpgs over the years, and I've never had so much trouble just killing slimes.  How do I hit one low level flower, which is for some reason a sentient enemy, with a fireball, a burst of shadow magic, a lightning infused broadsword, and a flurry of blows, and still not reduce it to even half its health?As for the story and character stuff, I've never played a Naruto game, but I would imagine this is what they are like.  You play a group of graduates of ""ninja school"".  Just like ninjas in the real world, you are teenagers in brightly colored uniforms, brightly colored headbands, and brightly colored hair, using magic to do battle with forest vermin.  For some reason, even though you all still live with your parents, you have a lot of facial scars, and several of you are suffering from mental disabilities.  I know there are plenty of people who would be excited by the prospect of some sort of Naruto sprite rpg, but for me, it just made me want to throw up a little bit in my mouth.I didn't play for very long.  I suppose it's possible it gets better eventually, but first of all, I find that extremely unlikely, and secondly, I don't care enough to find out.  I think I paid a total of like a quarter for this game in some rpg bundle during a sale, and I still feel like it was probably not a good deal."
,Not Recommended,399790,29015124,Posted: 4 January,all,Rafael Cardenas,"Fun to play at start, but then gets very annoying when u have to dissolve party and get your characters on their own path.Dropped it on Lightning progression, golems made me rage."
,Not Recommended,399790,29022563,Posted: 4 January,all,Ya Boi Tusk,"Do Not Buy!I bought this game thinking it would be good and well, its not. And sadly I didnt know about the refund system until it was to late to refund the game. It isnt good and is just a naruto knock off game made in rpg maker."
,Not Recommended,399790,31832642,Posted: 18 May,all,One Whammy Sammy,"I have played 12 minutes of this game its almost like a game of naurto so many refrences and easteregges right of the beack and the music is to intense for talking to a teacher but if you like naurto and your a rpg fan play it i do not care, your money."
,Recommended,399790,25082949,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Seign9,"For the price, I can't NOT recommend it. I mean, I got this and 3 similar games for $.50 and I killed 2 hours playing around with this game alone. However, I consider this a time waster and nothing more. The story was bland, the dialogue was super cringy and what kind of RPG forces your every move? This games looks a lot like a Zelda game but certainly doesn't play the same. There is no exploration to be had. It's basically ""beat a level, get told your next mission, be forced to complete the simple requirements for proceeding to the next mission, play said mission, rinse, wash, and repeate"". Seriously. This is an RPG in name alone. It's basically a forced-story game hiding behind a faux premise of an RPG, with everything that makes RPGs great (exploration, self-discovery etc.) thrown out the window in favor of forcing the player into following an extremely strict path in favor of telling a story that is just not very good at all.I almost hate to hit the recommend for this game but like I said from the start, at the price I paid (approximately $.12 after accounting for the other 3 games that came with the $.50 bundle) I did get my money's worth considering I played for 2 hours. I didn't enjoy the majority of those 2 hours but it did kill time which was the purpose of me buying the game in the first place. Don't pay the full price for this game but if you catch it on sale and you're just looking for ANYTHING to kill an hour or so, MAYBE give this a shot. Let me put it this way: If I were stuck on a 12 hour plane ride and this was my only form of entertainment, I'd probably appreciate it a lot more. But there's just so many better options out there I can only recommend trying this if you have only a few cents left on your steam account and you're bored as hell."
,Not Recommended,399790,34701773,Posted: 2 September,all,djoxyk,"god save us from ratpacks of RPGMaker ""game"" clones"
,Not Recommended,399790,35227341,Posted: 26 September,all,SquishySalsa,"I don't care if this game is a rip off of Naruto or not. I put a lot of hours into it, only to be stuck in a 5v1 battle where every enemy has a high chance of freezing me. You die  before you even have a chance to heal. This is bad game design."
76561198129217889,Not Recommended,399790,20694115,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Perfor8dCranium,"Everybody's right with the negative reviews. I just got ""executable"" missing when I last tried playing, after verifying the file integrity or w/e, I have to start a brand new gd game. Goodbye 22 levels and about 25k of whatever f*&%ing currency."
76561198129024493,Not Recommended,399790,20891871,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,Panas,Plot is a spinoff from Naruto.Battles are grossly unbalanced and skills have next to no importance with 2nd basic skill being most of the time the most effective one with 20% of the MP cost of the most advanced ones.Apparently there is also some kind of meta game rule which makes your opponents stronger when you try to repeat the fight sfter a loss. Loading saved state from prior to the battle change nothing. Quit probably in the middle of the game.Not worth the time as it's quite and money even on sale
,Not Recommended,399790,19687918,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Widget,"Unless it's in a bundle or you wish to see what NOT to do when making a RPG maker game, don't buy this game.It is so obviously based off Naruto that I can't believe this isn't pulled for copyright infringement.  So far it has to be one of my least favourite RPG maker games on steam as even when I try to look past the rip off, the writing makes me feel like I'm reading a poor fanfiction written by a teenager.The word ""♥♥♥♥"" (or any of its variants) should not be used unless spoken by a character.  Battles can be frustrating as sometimes you can only do 1 damage in a fight, and that indicates you're meant to lose, then in a fight where 95% of your attacks do 1 damage you're expected to win.  Also, the character levels in your party can get weirdly spaced out as some characters have a cap at level 15, while others join your group at level 11 when your main is about 26.I'll finish the game, but out of curiosity if this will ever get better and that I want to get 100% achievement completion."
,Recommended,399790,29669786,Posted: 3 February,all,riotscythe13,"Warning: Short, but not spoilerfree:The game is pretty neat and a classic turnbased rpgs, though the choice of using vampire mythology is unusual and I quite enjoyed the story, so I'll play part 2 some time. Basically you start out as a vampire huntress and then encounter vampires, dhampires and random chiroptera that you put down while looking for your father and falling out with your order.It's an RPG-maker game, so you'll recognise some of the characters and styles as well as the gameplay. You get more party members than you actually have in your party over time, so you get to pick your favorites at some point."
,Not Recommended,399790,29921580,Posted: 14 February,all,mighty hawk | TradeSkinsFast.com,"Destiny WarriorsAt first glance this seems like just another RPG Maker clone, which it is. I don't like it, and especially the first 10 minutes turn me off completely. Cons down below.ConsSwearing - There are swearwords all over the place. Unneccessary, and a bad feature of this kind of game.Bad jokes and puns - Why their have to be all these bad jokes, I don't see. It completely ruins the game.Grammar - Destiny Warriors isriddledwith grammatical errors. They are everywhere. No punctuation, 'Phew' is spelled 'Few', and commas are apparantly nonexistent in this universe.I guess one or two pros would be manageable to come up with.ProsBattle system - That's it. The battle system is good. And that's theSTANDARDRPG Maker combat system. There is nothing good about this game, other than the next pro:Trading Cards - If it were not for the Trading Cards, this game would be pure garbage.ConclusionDon't buy this game if you're a JRPG fan, or a fan of the RPG Maker games, because Destiny Warriors is the worst of it's kind. If you get it, get it in the JRPG Bundle while it's on sale (I got this and 3 other JRPG titles for 0,33€), and only get it for the Trading Cards and XP. Don't get it for fun, it's not."
,Recommended,399790,29224642,Posted: 13 January,all,Harix,"I bought this game with sale coupon, it's worth the money :)+Trading cards"
76561198209225232,Not Recommended,399790,20287869,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,crazydicelady,"TL;DRBased on Naruto, not inspired by Chrono Trigger/Final Fantasy/Dragon Warrior.It's okay, just know what you're getting into.3/10Would Not RecommendFirst things first: This is not the worst game I've ever played.That being said, I can't recommend this game. The game came in a bundle with a few other games for practically pennies to the dollar, so I didn't read into the reviews before purchasing it.That was a mistake on my part. Always read the reviews.At first, I didn't know what to think of this game. For the first 10-20 minutes or so, I thought it might be a parody game, something meant to be silly. This is because although the description called the game ""heavily inspired by Chrono Trigger, Final Fantasy VI, and the Dragon Quest series,"" the only series that it is remotely similar to is Naruto. Actually, the game reads like a confusing Naruto fanfiction: it mashes together Eastern-ish and Western themes to the point where its almost funny (your Village's Leader in the about? His name was Kage Alex) and there are a few rediculous moments in the dialouge (CHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA-), and I think the game could have been hilarious.The battle mechanics are unbalanced and weird, and though I leveled up at an absurd rate, battles still dragged on to the point of being tedious. To be honest, I only got about 2 hours into this ""12 hour RPG"" and I had to put it down. The problem was that it just got so repetitive that I completely lost interest, and any investment I might have had in the plot went out the window.However, I think this game should have been what it feels like it is: A Naruto fan game. I would have enjoyed playing a Naruto RPG, even just for the novelty of it. But they dropped some really big, heavy names in the description, where the only things they have in common in this game are being pixelated turn-based RPGs.I know this game must have taken a lot of time and effort, and I would hate to see something I spent so much time and effort on be torn apart in the reviews. But my biggest problem with it is that the game's description and About were... misleading. I felt a little tricked, and no matter how little I spend on something I do not want to feel like I'd been fooled into doing it.I may pick it up later after getting a chance to digest it more, but as of right now I doubt it."
,Not Recommended,399790,18214648,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,PeterManize,"A game that is extremely poorly made and doesn't have any support.I don't feel bad, about my review."
,Not Recommended,399790,20196748,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,InsaneNoire,"Oh...mah...gawd, so cliche, so unoriginal, such attricious grammar.  It's like a 12-year-old tried to make an RPG using elements from Naruto.  I can only recommend this game if you enjoy weeping for humanity."
,Not Recommended,399790,19594029,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Methrael,"Poorly written script, almost completely stock resources (save from a few tiles, animations and character portraits), and a setting reminiscent of the thoughts of a Naruto addict.  As a fellow RPG Maker user I often look at others' works for ideas - this is not one I will be considering."
76561198101086252,Not Recommended,399790,19009727,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,Lambtr0n,"The game kept reminding me of Naruto, so I couldn't play it any further after I invested 2 hours. For those 2 hours, I just kept fighting the same blue and green slimes, along with the flower monster. Occasionally there were other critters as well, but I got bored since I was basically fighting the same monsters over and over again; and they were just getting stronger as I leveled up."
76561198100966365,Not Recommended,399790,20108330,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,76561198100966365,cant escape from enemies that appear randomly
,Not Recommended,399790,20274492,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Zatchel,"This an rpg maker ""ninja"" game, as many mentioned the plot and many of the characters are clones of the Naruto series.Pros:+Character art is not bad+The RPG maker mechanics and effects are okay+The map character moves fast so it reduces the slow explorationCons:-Naruto RPG clone. It wouldn't be so bad if it was inspired by or have a similar setting, but no, they clearly stealed a lot of creative material from Naruto (character personalities, storyline, locations) and adapted it for the game, mainly (I believe) as an easy pandering to the fans to get to sell the game.-A lot of bugs, a lot grammar errors, a lot of ""edgy"" teenager dialog (cursing regularly to try and get some cheap laughts).-Unbalanced as all hell, this was not game tested, sometimes you are too powered up for the enemies, sometimes too underpowered.Recommendation? Get the cards and add to your hidden list so you don't have to see it's ugly face in your gamelist."
76561198085383541,Not Recommended,399790,24459761,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,TheFuffa,"Got this game in a bundle, else I would have never bought it.The story of Ddestiny Warriors is quite simple: 13 years ago, the great Kage Minato... ooops, pardon, Alex, sealed three powerful demon beasts (a fire dragon, a water serpent with healing magic and a lightning bird) inside three children. Today, you are Naruto... sorry, I mean J.C. , a red haired ninja which uses fire magic. Your friends are Sakura... sorry, Maddie, a blu haired ninja who uses water and healing magic and Sparky (sigh!), a yellow haired ninja which uses lightning magic. Can you see where this is going?After your exam, you are teamed with your friends and Sasuke... sorry, Max the emo, and start taking quest for the old kage of the Leaf Village, amongst them I have to mention finding some bells in a forest and retrieving a mysterious scroll from the evil ninja rogues. At least I suppose they are rogues, since it's always written ""rouge"".I played 'til the point where the mysterius ninja Kabuto (I'm not correcting anymore, the ripoff is clear as daylight at this point) tries to make Sasuke join forces with his master, the evil ninja Orochimaru.At this point the game crashed, and my last save dates back to a couple of maps before.Since fights are painful as hell (enemies with low damage but a ton of HP, and same goes for your party), I'm not interested in going through these fights again.But this game has also a good side: the dialogues are so poorly written (childish, full of errors and without commas) they often make you laugh!EDIT: tried to finish the game, just for fun, but dropped it at the point where I had to fight 4 squads of 4 ninja ROUGES in a row. Best thing is I had just two character, no healer, absurdely low mana cap and a character with level cap at 15, which made him WEAKER than the enemies.I repeat, 'cause I haven't make it clear enough: the fights are painful as hell. They last like forever, and it's just frustrating seeing your character inflicting little to no damage, even with the best gear avalaible. The techs inflict more damage, but one or two of them literally wipe out your entire mana bar, and don't even kill the casual encounters.Moreover, the game forces you to change characters very frequently, removing the characters you have trained and giving in exchange very underleveled characters, and by that I mean lvl FIVE characters when your party is lvl TWENTY. Pretty funny, considering the level 5 PC is the commander of your team, and a long time experienced ninja, while the lvl 20 characters should be little scrubs who just passed their ninja exam.DON'T BUY THIS GAME."
76561198115524144,Not Recommended,399790,18244331,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,prudenceanne,Would not recommend this game unless you like constantly fighting unseen enemies every few steps in dungeons. Levels are uneven and most enemies have more life and deal out more damage than the main characters even though they are equipped with the best equipment. Story leaves a lot to be desired  and is some what erratic in the telling. Not much background on any of the characters. Need to be constantly filling up chi and tp to do any good in battles. 4/10
,Not Recommended,399790,19379953,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,AvenDoram,"This game is overall just bad. Enemies level up with you. Which can be a fun system. But when your limited to the basics of RPG maker it doesn't work well at all. Every battle is extremely boring to get through. Not to mention the story is a rip off of Naruto as many people say. I mean I've only watched the first few episodes and it's so easy to see. I thought I'd spend more time in this game to find anything really redeeming about it. Well... the maps are made well? And by well I don't mean interesting or fun. I mean there doesn't appear to be too many awkward parts in the maps. But in all honesty, this game just gives other good RPG maker games like The Albino Hunter a bad name. Don't play unless you'll make your money back selling cards."
,Not Recommended,399790,19830926,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Kaaaaaarp,"This game is really bad.The story and gameplay were made by some 12 years old naruto fanboy, the character, story and world are all similar to Naruto.The worst part about this game are the game breaking bugs, you defeat a ♥♥♥♥ing boss and the game just give you a game over after a lot of text."
76561198214989148,Not Recommended,399790,19465362,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,icc.jpciii,"I want to like this game, I like Cubicle Quest, but this game, this game has so many flaws!  Also I will say that I've played way more than what it says I have since I played this mainly offline and steam does not track offline play time.  I'm currently on Chap 9 in gamePros:-Naruto storyline-pretty good humor when the grammar isn't atrociousCons-Naruto based storyline-Every character you can tell relatively early on is a Naruto reference and some chapters if you can't tell by then will quite literally toss that fact in your face- There is an arbitrary level cap which you WILL hit well before the end of the game- The enemies lv with you making relatively easy fights becoming incredibly long and tedious by the end game- Nearly every skill is improperly coded so instead of doing realistic damage they do 1 dmg, every, time.- There are not only random encounters when walking through a map, but roaming ones you actually see on the map, and if one of those touch you, you can't flee and when you get later on those fights can take upwards of 15 mins to complete especially on chap 8 I believe- The cast of playable characters you can use is relatively small and out of all of them at end game you will only be using one of them (this game's version of Sakura), and one is completely useless for nearly the whole game (this game's version of Rock Lee)- Out of all the late game skills you get only one does any consistent or notable damage which is deadly bubbles, which you will spam in EVERY FIGHT- The music is repetitive to the extreme, This game as well as cubicle quest use the same base sound files, but there it actually sounds nice to me, here it is dull and clashes, the only song that has stuck out to me is the one where you fight all the music ninjas (the games version of the sound 5 from the Sasuke's departure arc) and that song doesn't show up till the end of chap 6 I beleive.-  the complete and utter lack of real stable pace in game, this is mainly due to how awful nearly everyone is and you have no real control over your party due to plot reasons.  So you can go from having everything falling before you from having bubbles attack, to needing to run from everything knowing that it'll take too long fighting them- Having both human and enemy units know the same skills but the code is different meaning they work differently, this is a really weird nitpick but some enemies later on down the line know late game skills your party can learn, but unlike for you they actually work for them!  This is especially bad during one of the phantom fights because it uses tsunami which for you does maybe 800 dmg, but when they use it it does nearly 2.5k making it one of the hardest fights in the game.So yeah lots of problems, need I say more?"
76561198043515432,Not Recommended,399790,20001317,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,paprikachiplover,"I got this in a four pack with three other RPG games. I hope atleast one of the games does not suck. This game is horrible. As many others have said it is a poor rip off of Naruto. Not worth any money. In fact, don't even play this if it is free."
76561198043445125,Not Recommended,399790,25872040,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,underused,"Hi Naruto, how are you? Oh, you're not Naruto? Oh, wait, you're a terrible knock-off Naruto. Written by an idiot. Greaaaaat.Well, maybe the gameplay will be good ... nope.Will I at least have fun grinding to stupidly high levels and laughing as I annihilate everything in sight? Nope. Round 1: Play as a character that's level 18. Round 2: Fight that character the very next day who is now at level 29.Buh-bye"
,Not Recommended,399790,18929837,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,dart193,"Destiny Warriors is a combination of questionable plot with half of characters being idiots, giant imbalance of battles, with them spreading equally between awfully boring (because they last 15 minutes each) and impossibly hard (stun-lock before you can do anything) and the fact that developer never heard of a dictionary - amount of grammar and punctuational mistakes is overflowing.The fact that this is an RPG maker game does not makes this game bad, no. Its developers lameness that does. OK, typos do happen, but with frequency like that, I stopped paying careful attention to plot. Lack of commas makes text hard to read and there are dots missing between many sentences making it impossible to understand what is written here and there. Note that english is not my native language but even with my little skill I can spot countless errors.Battle balance is even worse: both enemies and characters have very big HP and very low attack. This makes killing enemies unnecessary long and dying nearly impossible. However, 25% of battles work differently: you have even worse damage, but one spell that does big damage, but enemy - it either does genocidal damage or stunlock 3/4 of your party on first move. I am writing this review as I struggle through last battle where you have ONE character at max level, which does not have any attacks that would do significant damage (except super attack which first requires drinking skill potion - to get 100 skill points for that attack, and then actually attacking, which will not happen as you will get stunned) while enemies have elemental attacks, that end your first turn by either stunning you or paralyzing. Of course, you will be dead before you can move as you can get both paralyze and stun at the same time, but they wear out not at the same time, so you get at least one of those debuffs most of your turns.If the battle is an easy one, it will be boring. The big HP and low dmg extend battles to very long times. There is nothing else about them except that enemy lvl scales as you level up, but enemies characteristics - and that is AT LEAST agility which determines turn order and is most noticeable to this as after level up you frequently no longer attack first - grow faster. Thankfully, boss battles are of a fixed levels.For graphics and sound - PURELY default RPG maker assets. I was unable to see anything unique in this game. The only thing that was quite good is that developer used different character faces for different emotions. Not every rpg maker game does this, so it is nice too see this small feature, especially that facial expressions go very well with a plot. But the game fails in many places, so its not really helping.Plot is so-so. People say that its a Naruto ripoff, but I haven't watched that cartoon so can't say. But what I can say is that its too much absurd at times.I would not recommend buying this even with 90% discount, too much bad development choices make this game true mess. But if you like CRAZY plots - you might want to check it out, but make sure that you play on easy difficulty, as last boss is still hard as hell. People say that on hard, its unbearable right from the start of the game."
76561198165713146,Recommended,399790,26239503,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Jupman96,"To start out a decent review, this game is not bad, just horribly, horribly generic. That and the scaling of the game is PAINFUL, monster levels fluxuate, monster stats fluxuate (I fought two flaming mice for about 5 minutes, all other mobs had died already...) but other than that, this is a decent game.But for reals, this game is Naruto without a decent story line. This game is so horribly scaled that you will find monsters that you will run from because you don't have the time to fight them. This game is so painfully scaled that all you energy attacks don't work unless you use status ailments or the strongest one and even then you might deal more than 150 damage (monsters have what feels like 10k sometimes).The boss battles are again, badly scaled, in the story line you have to fight with all the different characters you have played with so far and it is PAINFUL, like seriously, the main character is weilding the condensed light super sword and then you get an old character who left the party at level 15 and now you have to fight with him. I litterally just completed a fight with a boss where every one is in their super form, but theres the catch, I CAN'T DO ANY F#$%@$ DAMAGE! I litterly beat him through the burn effect which is about 10% of the monsters health. Other than that I had my guys guarding (which is pretty decent guard compared to some RPGs I have played) until the boss burned to death.The healing items? Pretty dope. They don't work on a solid number scale but with percentages, which is SUPER good when your healer who has 1k mana gets 450 mana from a little pill, but it KILLS me when I use one on a lower level character and he gets about 150 mana which he will us up in two freaking moves.I don't want to go on, BUT I WILL!The characters are so painful sometimes. I mean SERIOUSLY, I had to fight a mini boss with my healer, and all the boss did was punch her in the face or freeze her. I had to keep up a continuous passive heal spell just to prepare for incomming freeze attacks. It's like trying to fight a low level boss in WOW as the healing focused priest, it's possible, it just takes for f#$%#% ever.TLDR; I will recomend this game because it is NOT a bad RPG. I will b#%#$ and moan about it because it has some minor issues that just grab you by the balls sometimes, like damage, status effects, SUPER generic story line and characters, and the fact that I feel motivated to beat this game, which is a personal that doesn't reflect the mass of people.Actual TLDR; Good but generic game. The fighting mechanics don't make sense."
,Recommended,399790,35169844,Posted: 23 September,all,Flamemander,"If i am honest it is not the best game but if your looking for a non naruto fighting game, this not really a very bad choice. I will say the game is a bit broken. the good part is if you have friends this would not be a bad game to play with your friends. Over all i give this a 43/100 rating.Pros:- easy to get trading cards- easy to get achivements- funny to play with friends- ok game physics- ok battle systemCons:- bad controls- bad story- terrible achivements- game engine is bad (uses RPG Maker VX not RPG Maker VX Ace)"
,Not Recommended,399790,20310878,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Buckaroo,"I hate this game. The game is planin boring, the only reason I did not rufude it was because I left it on over NIGHT!!!! T-T"
,Recommended,399790,26669015,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,泥鰍小妹妹,我買是因為STEAMTRADING卡，遊戲並不那麼好完，但價錢還是很不錯，＄0.20 而以，我可以拿TRADINGCARD賣還有賺比遊戲的價格多。
76561197989899045,Not Recommended,399790,18027115,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,Thorny,"Frequent use of the ""F word"" ruined the games mood for me....I can't recommend this game for anyone that wants a clean cut pure old school rpg. It's just too immature for my tastes."
76561198041761400,Recommended,399790,18165648,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,gellala,"Funny story line, cheap, many hours"
,Not Recommended,399790,22808334,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Desenhista q clica Farmskins.com,"thanks, IdleMaster."
76561198048733816,Not Recommended,399790,21116188,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Rodirik,Im dislessic and i managed to find spelling error....
76561198024502690,Not Recommended,399790,31998186,Posted: 27 May,all,Hoptite,👎
76561198120621403,Not Recommended,399790,18091755,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,Snake2557,"Have you ever heard of the terms: ""Original"", ""Copyright"", ""Trademark"", and “Plagiarism""? Obviously not if you've managed to blatantly disregard each and everyone them whilst in development... I take personal offence to this because I'm a part of the Rpg Maker Community and know that some serious developers exist. I also know however that this worthless game is deserving of neither praise nor hate because it's un-finished and broken! You neglected all forms of story arc, editing was a hotter mess than most reality tv shows and to top it all off you basically stole the entire lore of your world! Was there any Original content at all? Did you at the very least edit the scripts that you just copied and pasted? Did you simply use google Images to find pre made sprites and tile sets? I would complain about not giving credit where it was due, but I couldn’t make it to the credits due to multiple glitches.Over all I give this game Zero out of Zero; it’s not even done yet; so rating it is a complete waste! In the future at least put more than two hours effort into your development and at the very least run several play tests to edit the gramatical errors.A complete waste… Just like even the smallest amount of money paid for this debauchery…-Snake 2557"
76561198090899901,Not Recommended,399790,21552656,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,ShinraVeteran,"Love naruto, hate this... end of review"
,Not Recommended,399790,20217226,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Ekima,"I am glad this was part of a bundle which I bought for another game, or I would have been extremely disappointed. The final straw for me was reached when I tried reading a book, only for the game to crash. Up until that point I had actually hoped for the game to grow on me, even though I were bored out of my mind through the battles.Do you like long, monotone battles? If so, this game is for you.Do you like linear, uninspired stories? If so, this game is for you.Do you like boring maps with no variety? If so, this game is for you.Aside from that, it's filled with spelling errors, weird items with unclear instructions and generally it's just dull and very poorly made. I'm not really sure I have anything good to say about it, and I generally like RPG Maker games.Before it being playable, it would have to be rebalanced battle-wise (NOONE wants to spend so long battling the same monsters over and over again for minutes each battle), and preferably some proper proofreading. Don't send untested and unfinished games out on Steam, it just seems like a lousy moneygrab."
,Not Recommended,399790,20568897,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Berika,ITS STOLE SO MUCH FROM NARUTO also its over priced buy in sale perhaps but otherwise steer clear
,Not Recommended,399790,20174464,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Lurski,"Eh, its kinda good but i prefer Cod"
76561198021955878,Not Recommended,399790,28282189,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Strannik,"I got this game on sale in a bundle, so I can't complain about the price.  But, I will say that the beginning is not very good and at no point hooked me.  The ""About the Game"" section below is interesting, the game itself was not.  The dialouge isn't well done (I'm pretty sure ninja masters should not speak like teenagers) and I had trouble understanding why the characters made the decisions they made (ninja masters probably shouldn't reward new recruits that complain about ""lame"" missions instead of putting them in their place).    I was constantly pulled out of the story and I feel another round of editing, perhaps from fresh eyes, may have helped.Granted, I only played to the first boss fight (a guy you have to fight twice in a swamp), so it's entirely possible the story improves at some point.  I was just not willing to continue playing with my limited time.I plan on playing the other games I bought in the bundle when time allows and hope they turn out better.  :D"
76561198116679209,Not Recommended,399790,32076615,Posted: 30 May,all,road to 3k,soso
76561198092667430,Not Recommended,399790,19582246,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Niflheim,naruto kunnn
,Not Recommended,399790,18897367,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Sideroxylon,"I couldn't believe the reviews. So here I am. It is not a Naruto rip off. It is A TOTAL Naruto rip off. I literally had the first chapters of Naruto coming in front of my inner eye, while playing the first minutes of the game. Also the beginning is really boring, not only because I know the story, but also because they begin in the first 5 minutes of the game with exploring the battle system, which never ever was really a good part of classic JRPGs.Even if the game would become better later, it makes no sense to me to continue playing, since it is hurting my memories about Naruto."
76561198207259655,Not Recommended,399790,28176992,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,faircloth,"I literally couldn't make it through the opening sequence. The dialogue and writing was terrible, cringeworthy, and sophomoric. I can only imagine the gameplay would be similar."
76561198078694054,Not Recommended,399790,19201451,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,Tim Sola,"I got this game because it was in the rpg maker bundle and compaired to other games in the bundle, it just doesn't hold up. it feels like a rip off of naruto and final fantasy. the only ""good"" thing is the combat but it's just so mediocore that it should be glanced over. if you are buying the rpg pack, just let this game sit and ignore it."
76561198045895911,Not Recommended,399790,19269932,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,lisa,"The combat needs some massive rebalancing.  I got to the point where I'm stuck with one character who no longer levels (he's at level 15) and a level 10.  My other two are at level 22.  Yet the monsters keep leveling with the top two, and they have massive hp and do massive damage.  It took 6 hits to take out one level 16 monster.  And there are four of them.  And I'm playing on the easy mode.  And fights are random.  I'm out of patience."
76561197990288244,Not Recommended,399790,19459409,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Soulless,Only see a white screen...
76561198156713436,Not Recommended,399790,34405086,Posted: 21 August,all,sashahellsing,Naruto  ripoff
76561198298768543,Recommended,399790,34205825,Posted: 12 August,all,wullam,i love this game. i dont care that its a knock off of the naruto manga. i would love to see a sequel to this game (if there already isnt) if there is someone please TELL ME WHAT IT IS!!!!!. i would so recommend this game to others. also it says it has a 12 hour game play for this game. it took me way longer then 12 hours to finish. but now i want a sequel more then anything
76561198050603021,Not Recommended,399790,18006630,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,Karlzburg,Enemies that level with you....Lazy game design
76561198065447482,Not Recommended,399790,18107259,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,Dark Fact,"This game is all around terrible. I tried to tough it out despite all the negative reviews it got, but the more I played the more I felt like speaking out. The storyline is subpar, I mean they should be sued for how much they stole from Naruto. The combat is crap mostly because every attack, besides blatantly obvious range attacks, involve the character walking up and flashing a couple times and a damage count. The grammar starts to rip at your eyes after the first few sentences. To be honest, children in middle school won't make as many mistakes. What really got to me was the chunin exams. It isn't called chunin exams, but I'm not willing to put in the effort of going back into the game to see what piece of crap they replaced the name with. The battles were easy up until Maddie vs. Shizuney. I know, how the f*** can they screw up japanese name like that... but more importantly, Shizuney is invincible. You'll end up wasting thirty minutes healing yourself because Shizuney can paralyze and stun you almost instantly, but the point is, when you deal the finishing blow, her health remains at zero and she will continue attacking. I thought the event was scripted, but when I let myself be defeated, it sends me to the game over screen."
,Not Recommended,399790,33824127,Posted: 26 July,all,Dave,"crappy rpgmaker title, not great."
,Recommended,399790,35073800,Posted: 19 September,all,Heroin™ |,h
76561198079614773,Recommended,399790,35396184,Posted: 1 October,all,CSGONECRO.COM CSGOYOURMOM,"My official review of thus therefore whereas before I had been abducted by kittens my great great great great great great great great great great great grand father who was involved in the creation of yes u know it, that's correct, yes the thing ur thinking of. Wellll anyways let me inform your friends of this pop tastic pop tart of a game we are discussing right now. I really think that yes it is a game where u press buttons so yes. Obviously. LATERrrrrrrrrr"
76561198185473837,Not Recommended,399790,22101927,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,SHINOGEKAI,Bad
,Not Recommended,399790,20613527,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Zephadus,"Okay, so as someone who has tinkered with RPG Maker for years, I'm trying to cut this game a little slack, especially since it almost exclusively uses the pre-supplied resources, save for a sideview battle system and various edits of the base character graphics.I can deal with that, and I can see why it was done. However...The dialogue drives me up the wall.Several words are misspelled, punctuation seems random, and the game can't decide between ""X-tu"" and ""xtu"".Also, the obscene amount of exclamation points and question marks used is just obnoxious.And before I even get to move or look at anything, the game wants to tell me the controls, and that I can press F1 for options (including remapping the controls it just told me about) and F5 for fullscreen/window toggle.The game immediately tells you about the ninja village you live in, the Kage that sacrificed himself, the sealing of beasts inside of children, the village in the leaves, and then you go to school to meet your friends, the emo kid, the healer, and the one nobody cares about, and your first mission is to retrieve some bells from your sensei.After that, it's revealed that Orochimaru, a ninja master long thought dead, is actually alive, and is......Wait, no, sorry, I got lost there for a moment. I thought I was writing a review for a JRPG, not Naruto.You'd be forgiven for thinking they're the same thing.Also, before you see any real action, there is actually a battle tutorial.It teaches you the complex art of battle, covering topics such as ""how to attack"", which tells you about the attack button, and how to press it; ""hp and you"", which teaches you the fundamentals of health points (or sometimes hit points); ""skills for the skilled"", which covers everything you need to know about selecting attacks that cost MP (I think it's MP anyway, I couldn't be bothered to commit any of this to memory).But yeah, a battle tutorial. For a JRPG. Yep.And just in case you forgot, you can press F1 for options, and F5 to switch between fullscreen and windowed.There are also save points, but those don't matter, because they forgot to disable saving anywhere you want.While this game has its flaws, it still did one good thing:it taught me that I can put very little effort into an RPG Maker game, and it will make a few bucks.You too can be the next big JRPG star! ...or at least make a few bucks on some shovelware. :)"
00000000000000071,Not Recommended,399790,21567195,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,OK.,1) install.2) play 2 minutes.3) quit.4) uninstall.(=> - <=)
76561198125664251,Not Recommended,399790,21013215,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,obiwanfett,"Can not figure out how to use a controller,the top reason i bought this game"
,Not Recommended,399790,22389379,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,你家隔壁大叔,Horrible.
,Not Recommended,399790,22139550,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Shentook,"I'm sure it's alright for some, I wasn't feeling it... turned it right off and uninstalled it."
76561198110952257,Not Recommended,399790,22366224,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,MicroHamster,"Game takes forever to to do anything, and it feels like a naruto ripoff. Glad i bought it cheap."
,Recommended,399790,22479283,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,The Emperor ♛,- Good Game.- Graphics 10/10.- Sounds 10/10.- Trading Cards.- Achievements.
76561198139594321,Recommended,399790,18051375,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,Spike Spiegel,"not a bad game considering the price and the hours you actually play for, lots of new moves when you level up gameboy type style graphics , i get really into this game , forgot to save so have do to another 1 hour of battles ,pretty addictive actually"
,Recommended,399790,21680492,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,MysticMess^^,It's a fun adventurous RPG Game. With Simple mechanic.I like this game xD
76561198121495543,Recommended,399790,18193611,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,rob schneider,"So far, it's ok. I would recommend this to anyone who likes little jrpg style games. Couple complaints to devs:First, whenever i start a conversation and walk into rooms, the screen fades twice. I don't think it's intended, but please fix. Another comment is that so far, I've had an error where my joystick isn't detected going diagonally occasionally in the battle screen. THanks"
76561197960546255,Recommended,399790,18115688,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,Aleopheus,"So far, I liked the story. Although the story is really similar to Naruto. Even the characters.Some music tracks are really cool. Heard them in other games before. Some others are not so cool. Sounds like fast forward through violines and cats. Very disharmonic.The bad thing about the game is, the mechanics not really works.You equip legendary weapons and do no damage at all. Spells and X-tu and skills are there for no reason. You can cast Fireball, Triple Fireball, Hell Fire, Firewall or something like this and the enemies will get 100 damage. Just punch them in the face with a normal attack and they lose 300 !So there is no point in casting anything.The translation errors are just horrible. Someone should reread this and correct all errors. Some look just stupid.The riddles in the game are really easy. To call them riddles is not really fair. ^^But at least, the game is not very expensive and it's a good time waster.Had some issues with the game, crashes and so on, but hey. For 1$ it's a nice one."
,Recommended,399790,23991134,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Akamegane,เนื้อเรื่องเกมก็ดีนะ แต่มันแย่ตรง การตีมอนสเตอร์ที่เยอะเกินไปแนำนำเกมตรงที่ว่าเนื้อเรื่องสนุกค่ะ
,Not Recommended,399790,24390235,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,rikuverse,"Oh my... I want to burn this game so much...Plot : naruto ripoffDialogue : cringy afTime needed to finish the game : about 12 hours, dropped it after about 2 hours play because never ending♥♥♥♥♥♥..Enemy : so much enemy, there is more enemy from treasure chest than random encounterI DONT CARE ABOUT THE TRADING CARD ARCHIEVEMENT ANYMORE, JUST END MY SUFFERINGjust dont buy it... really"
,Recommended,399790,23983720,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,SuperAyzeek,Super!
,Recommended,399790,18268107,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Pika Twilight,Is BoredLooks On Steam For A New Game To PlayFinds Destiny WarriorsJordan: Oh An RPG... I LOVE RPGS!!!Buys GameLets Game Idle To Get The CardsGets The CardsPlays The Game For RealJordan: Ok This Isn't So BadPlays Through A Bit MoreFirst BattleJordan: OMG This Is So Well MadeCloses The GameOpens It Back UpJordan: Just A Little LongerGets Hooked10/10 IGN-Doritos-Mtn Dew-Get Rekt-Wow-MLG-420 Blaze It-360 No Scope-GOTYWhat I'm Trying To Say Is... I Enjoyed This Game A Lot... Mostly Because Of The Fact I Love Any Kind Of RPGRPGs Not Just A Gun-Pikakid98 2015
,Not Recommended,399790,18124522,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,Shadowthrone,This game is too easy. Dev made sure that he spoonfed the players.
76561198200838867,Not Recommended,399790,19394286,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,TheFelineAlchemist,"Its Naruto meets Lunar, that's the best thing I can say."
76561198163994073,Recommended,399790,22462583,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Ducki,"This is like final fantasy old school mixed with naruto. I was slightly annoyed the story seemed so close to naruto, but the turn based final fantasy feel made it more tolerable. I have encountered a few bugs which have stalled my progress, but for the most part since I bought it on sale for a dollar no skin off my back. Its worth that at least. I would recommend the game to anyone who enjoys final fantasy and naruto, and if its for the price of 3$ and under. I honestly wouldnt pay more then 3$ for it."
,Not Recommended,399790,33290532,Posted: 5 July,all,Azrael,10/10 Naruto bootleg
76561198053644420,Not Recommended,399790,29341494,Posted: 18 January,all,Kim Jong-zen,My destiny is to dislike this.
76561197984646093,Recommended,399790,21770020,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,take it easy,"It takes real skill to choke on air, fall up stairs and trip over completely nothing.If you have that skill just give Destiny Warriors a try :)"
,Not Recommended,399790,21831585,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Kosh,"Maybe it is a good game, but I hate retro jrpg."
,Recommended,399790,22574049,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,TSkilleT_,okay
,Not Recommended,399790,25590144,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Darnok,very bad game all you need to know
,Recommended,399790,18021178,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,The 13th Member,Ok this game in a nutshell is Naruto. You have a all of team 7 just with diffrent looks and names. That said this is a good game. the skills are pretty cool and it plays like an older FF title. This game is simple but it is fun I have enjoyed it and I can't wait to see what powers I get next. Also for the people that say its too easy the game gets harder as you go along. not to darksouls level but harder. I think if you like Naruto you will like this game.
,Recommended,399790,17990367,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,Kevin28469,"Teacher: Kitts 2x2 does not equal fish!Kitts: Why!!??Game is fun. Humor is funny, graphics are good and music are lovely, story is interesting and the price is honest."
,Recommended,399790,18038905,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,Random,"Don't listen to all the hate, this game is pretty fun. Obviously there are some errors in the dialogue, and difficulty in some of the missions. Yes, the storyline is pretty similar to Naruto. This is the story from what I can tell: ninja kid named J.C. is given a group in his ninja village. The group, made up of main characters, does missions for the kage. They fight monsters and eventually Max, a grp member, meets a dark figure, who convinces him to join their evil organization. Yes, the story is similar.HOWEVER, don't mistake this for a lack of originality!!So far, after playing this game for a while there have been many people saying that it's easy and extremely simple.Notice how the majority of them have played less than four hours. The combat becomes difficult, there is no question there... And the gameplay is fun, but repetitive sometimes.I like the games music personally, and the look and feel of the world is good imo.I THINK the characters are more awesome than people give them credit for. I mean it's not a crime for there to be some comedy in the script. Nobody honestly thought this game would be esoteric or deeply thought inducing.Conclusion: way worth the price, if your having doubts I would try it. The end game takes a while to reach, obv. nobody here has finished it yet. There are some parts that seem impossible, for ex. the boss im fighting right now is a real mother. Seeing as how it just came out, I hope the devs update some of the bosses. If you want a good way to spend time for a few hours occasionally, then this game would be damn near perfect. If you got the money to shell out, I would say go ahead. I got way more than I payed for out of it, and im sure plenty of people probly feel the same way. I def. recommend it!"
76561198028321629,Not Recommended,399790,18036700,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,Ultimate Antman,"No or Not Yet!This game is not as good as the games that inspired it! I'm glad it was only $0.95, because the game needs work. I don't hate it, but The Final Fantasy series is on PC, and maybe Chrono Trigger will make its way to PC also. What is obvious is the game could use better fighting animations. Many good RPGs on Mega Drive a.k.a. Sega Genesis where I live had a lot better fighting animations. Just seeing flashes that indicate fighting when this game is Martial Arts themed doesn't fit. It would be good to see the move the warrior was using. It is kinda bland. it would be better if the game was updated! Check spelling polish the game."
,Not Recommended,399790,18063385,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,!Enyeto,"I understand new budding developer's, but the pride is missing. A couple minutes into the game, I cannot adjust the controls how I would like them. Configuration does not give names for the button mapping. If these simple features do not exist, I would not like to regret attempting to persevere through the minor problems, only to find major problems."
76561198325783857,Recommended,399790,25400363,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,YoutuberTK,i love this game because it make me happy everytime i play this :D
,Recommended,399790,22701515,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,WhatDaMath,"Another one of many RPG maker games with an okay story, and similar to all other games gameplay.The music is a bit tidious, but luckily you can just mute it.Super cheap though, so why not?"
76561198180390821,Recommended,399790,30480642,Posted: 12 March,all,8bitbiff,"how i came across this game: a story by GriffdeBiff/8bitBiffi was trying to get the terraria steam badge when, i did. i recieved a wallpaper for my account, an eyeball emoji and a coupon. i used that coupon on a bundle of four jrpg's. this was one. its fun and good and fun. P.s. i got all four games for 37 cents no joke, thats the price of an orange i think"
76561198038552111,Recommended,399790,19753125,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Phruler,Good game
76561198217116285,Recommended,399790,18428731,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,mark.finney28,hi
,Recommended,399790,18205593,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Jura,"Okay, at first it seemed interesting but in the end there are cons that count a lot. Dungeons are all the same and the skills are pretty useless. Also the story has no sense, there are some typos in the dialogues and it's like playing Naruto with different characters.However it's still playable if you are bored or wanna pass time, just remember these pains in the booty."
,Recommended,399790,18222500,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Unknown,Pros- Decent leveling system- Somewhat refreshing moves- Challenging battles- Good idea for a game- God weapons are actually powerful- Small twists on first playthroughCons- Annoying enemies- Annoying status effects- Story is mediocre- The game punishes you for making your team well equipped- Random encounters can be annoyingAll in all worth the money but it dosen't really break any other game and it dosen't shine like Final Fantasy or the studios last game 'Labyronia'.
,Recommended,399790,25253165,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,inDe_eD,Ez card farming10/10
,Not Recommended,399790,26500821,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Hafara Risay,what is this?
76561198121650587,Recommended,399790,19625812,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,Death7299,"totally influenced by Naruto.  This is a fun time-killer, nothing serious.  I enjoy it, and it is cheap as hell, so even if I didn't, I wouldn't be too upset.  If you are in to these kinds of games, this is worth a shot"
76561198105067399,Recommended,399790,19473961,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,BirdEn,"One of the best games so far, It has many flaws tho...EDIT: Make Destiny Warriors 2 plz"
76561198192655773,Recommended,399790,32546486,Posted: 18 June,all,Chainsawdragon,"i do Rocommend this game, except off in the tornaments when you go against  Spark, he keeps Paralyzing and stunning you like when i had full, yes full on the first turn he Paralyzed me and stund me the next turn and when Paralyze went away the next turn when stun got away, he Paralyzed me again, it keeps happening and its way. WAY to common"
,Recommended,399790,29151736,Posted: 9 January,all,SOCOM,♥♥♥♥warriorz
,Not Recommended,399790,20881704,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Nevermind,all houses are closed
,Not Recommended,399790,32347184,Posted: 11 June,all,Alethea,"Finished the game, this is ridiculous. the difficult just, meh.i dont recommend this game, seriouslybut it worth for trading card and the achievement."
,Not Recommended,399790,18018006,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,candle_guy,There has to be some rating manipulation going on with this game because it is ♥♥♥♥ing awful. The creators have apparently never actually played a JRPG or at least have no ♥♥♥♥ing clue how strategy works. Half the battles in this game are blindly spamming one characters spells depending on the enemy.Early on you get to a ninja tournament where they force you to use random characters in unbalanced fights where you again just spam one spell the entire fight and hope the opponent misses before they freeze or paralyze you for 10 ♥♥♥♥ing turns.This game was not even worth buying on sale.
,Not Recommended,399790,18016875,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,Tweek Zeal,"If you don't know Naruto AND you like very basic, old JRPG, you can give this game a chance, even if you'll have to keep in mind that the game itself is bad. The story is basically Naruto, with names changed, so i won't tell more.The game ran smoothly until i came into a boss battle that was unwinnable for me (i put the enemy at 0 Hp, yet, he was still alive, and dying on this battle was a game over).Overall, this game is bad, don't buy it blindly."
76561198130571213,Not Recommended,399790,18018066,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,mgoldsmith001,This game is a shameless Naruto ripoff.It is actually embarassing how many things are CLEARLY taken directly from the show. The game designers used very little creativity when making this game and on top of that the dialogue is filled with grammar errors.The only positive thing I can say about this experience is I only wasted two dollars on it.
76561198138551987,Recommended,399790,18051380,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,IronCheese123 (Wolf King),i like it
,Recommended,399790,18038794,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,=^.^= Pumpshotgun Cat Overbeck,Reminds me of the old RPG's if you like the old RPGs. Id highly suggest it.
,Not Recommended,399790,18000472,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,WoOOOOOodaba,"Probably the most hilariously bad game I've ever played. If you love horrible dialogue that would make the average Fanfiction or Deviantart post cringe in horror, RPGMaker default assets used wholesale with zero alteration, COMIC SANS and abject failures on every level of game creation you'll love Destiny Warriors!For everyone else, take your money, and use it to pay someone to punch you in the balls/equivalent. You'll have a much more fulfilling experience than the experience of actually playing Destiny Warriors."
,Recommended,399790,18018677,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,Ｐａｉｎ-,Nice Game !!!!
,Recommended,399790,19666419,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Veri nice meme :^),*BUY GAME**IDLE**GET TRADING CARDS**SELL FOR PROFIT**10/10*I HAVEN'T PLAYED THE GAME ONE BITSTEAM ECONOMICS~Idlebot 9000
,Recommended,399790,18001940,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,Mr.Roboto,"HEYBassicly the game is Labyronia RPG ..well not the same but the same graphicsand alex from labyronia in the story lines is dead, i don't like the music it's not good enough.i don't like the way of playing the story labyronia was totaly freebut this version is tied up a little ~~ Of course there have been little inprovment like the battle mode is little deffrinti simply like itty, Eroo"
,Not Recommended,399790,18049437,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,Woollington,"Do you enjoy abandoned houses that clearly have people living in them?Then this is the game for you.If you're expecting interesting characters, a deep plot and a wonderful setting.You're going to be very, very disappointed.Flat characters, uninspired dialogue, funny sequences falling flat on their face. This game has it all. I won't lie, I am loving it due to how terrible it is. However I do feel even if you tried to enjoy it in an ironic way and you're not quite such a big fan of terrible as I am, it'd wear thin fast so I cannot recommend it."
,Recommended,399790,19605176,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,RubZy,"Fun little RPG. Short, decent characters, and the dialogue was really funny."
76561198048226642,Not Recommended,399790,21165451,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,mattgo,"Terrible. I couldn't even get through the training mission. I won every battle but got sick of it. Too long, it's in a damn maze and there are WWWWAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY too many random encounters. Another thing is as you level up the enemies level up too, which defeats the entire purpose of advancing. Epic fail. Literal the worst RPG I ever played in my life."
76561198065422205,Recommended,399790,19570117,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,janism666,OLD SKOOOOLL RPG!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! and thats all :)
76561198152202324,Recommended,399790,19635629,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,BabiBob ObliviSquidtai,"I think  this game is awesome. As a naruto fan i can see this a game based off the anime series naruto. I have been searching for a game like this for a while now, and happy i found one. To improve I think you should add a S Kyu jutsu that only J.C (Naruto) knows and his father (rasengan), and Max Sasuke) should learn a S kyu that only he knows (chidori). All together I think this game has some bad bits like too much spawning and normaly same kyu element which kinda sucks because if you face off alone againts the opposite element your srewed (ex. Max vs himself and phantom). Also the damage you casue also pisses me off, you do like 500 damage while they do like 1000 or when its a kyu that cost like 350 chakra and does 1 damage kinda sucks (includes beast mode). I can't wait for the second one, can't wait.P.S. If you are reading this game maker, please add something like the rasengan or chidori/or kyuubi/bijuu mode, Thanks. :-)"
,Recommended,399790,26493561,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,XNyst,Good Game
76561198215673283,Recommended,399790,26571959,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,MASIH CUPU!,"This game is so amazing. no bug ,no virus just buy a game and play it"
76561198195671728,Recommended,399790,29769529,Posted: 7 February,all,Eza,good game for trade card
,Recommended,399790,30655617,Posted: 21 March,all,'vuLdrosE #LINE KARA LORE MW .07,best game ever !!
76561198092539684,Not Recommended,399790,21016254,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,President Donald Trump,>Ha funny diolouge!>Lets screenshot it>Hit's f12>Game crashes10/10 would uninstall again
,Recommended,399790,21566475,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,B a l l a g e,It's good game but you have to play a lot of time with the game because the achievements are hard and need some time to do it.And you can get trading cards for badges
,Recommended,399790,18068362,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,TheEpicSteak,"To be honest, I think this game deserves more credit. The story isn't that bad. A bit generic but still not that bad. However. The battles. Oh my. It's like bashing a rock against another rock to see which one breaks first. The enemies do very little damage and unless you are good at guessing which attacks are more effective then you might be in theat battle a while. Eventually I got bored of the battling and kept trying to escape. I CAN'T RUN AWAY FROM THREE PLANTS! PLANTS! ARE YOU SERIOUS!? I got quite far. I mean I nearly sunk 14 hours into this game. And then there were the phatom battles. They actually offered some challenge. Oh Maddie and Kitt have got there super modes! Nice this will by fun. More phantoms. Phantom Maddie used Tsunami. 50% life gone. Phantom Kitt used Clone Storm. Dead. Before I could even make a move. Also I found that the Higher end abilties on Maddie did less? It seems like someone got lazy.In summary, would I recommend this game? Ummm If you are really bored and have less then £1 in your bank and really need a new game then sure. All this game needs is an update and it actually could be good.------UPDATE-----I finally managed to get past the Phantoms. Took about 3 hours of just restarting the same battle. (I also leveled both Kitt and Maddie up to 50 which is max)Now I'm playing with Spark, his dad and Shinzuey. By god they are useless. Mike runs out of chi every turn (He's a chi based character) And Spark and Shinzuey do hardly any damage. This means it's taking 50+ turns to complete one battle. That's about thirty minutes. What a ballache. I even tried to get them decent items but Mike was being a♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥and refusing to take any items."
,Recommended,399790,18021531,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,KyleKidd,"A fun throwback to old RPG games on the Super Nintendo.  Obviously draws inspiration from the Final Fantasy series.  The gameplay is fun, but a little heavy on the dialogue in the beginning (which isn't neccessarily a bad thing).Some of the diologue has grammer issues, but perhaps that will be fixed with patches in the near future.All in all; its a fun game, it's cheap, and I had a good time playing it.You can check out my gameplay and first impressions on YouTube:https://youtu.be/MXjPsVMRNKw"
76561198047125082,Recommended,399790,18008062,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,Shaunn,i have not played alot but the game his awesome i can see that i will spend alot of time on that game..if u you like old school rpg u will like this one it feels the same..great game  10/10
,Recommended,399790,24929784,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,ohhhhhhhhhhh,Meme
76561198347859269,Recommended,399790,28480336,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Save Our Souls,"Destiny Warriors is an epic 12 hour JRPG inspired by the greats on Super Nintendo, Sega MegaDrive (Genesis), and the Turbo Duo.Thirteen years ago, your village's leader set off to confront the spirit beasts that threatened to invade and destroy your home.Among these spirit beasts was a fire dragon that burned everything to ashes, a sea serpent with great healing abilities and a lightning bird that could attack faster than light itself. While the village leader was a powerful warrior, trained in both hand-to-hand combat and magic, he could not overpower them.Ultimately, he had no choice but to sacrifice his own life by casting a powerful sealing spell on the beasts. This trapped the beasts in the souls of three human children. Unfortunately no one in the village, including the children themselves, knew which children's souls contained the trapped spirit beasts.Thirteen years later, as you enter the village's elite warrior academy, the spirit beasts have become restless and threaten to break free from their hosts. As student after student goes missing, it's up to you and three friends to abandon your training and set out into the unknown world. Use magic, might, and cunning in order to find the missing students and defeat the spirit beasts in this amazing JRPG."
,Recommended,399790,32365702,Posted: 12 June,all,YPRPG,"This game provides many hours of fun - the main campaign is well over 10 hours, without knowing the exact length; but due to the difficulty of some of the later levels, you might not have the willpower to see it through to the end.The story is engaging, as every completed mission brings a new development to the plot, and additional dialogue between the characters. It genuinely feels like the quests are there to accommodate the plot, and not the other way around, which is above what most RPGs offer in that area. There are over a dozen characters, six of which are generally your party members, and they each have interesting personalities and side issues, such as rivalries and romance.There is a nice variety in the types of missions, but they most commonly consist of travelling through a maze of treasure-filled pathways with random encounters, until you reach the area with the main boss. Battles run long, even the less important ones, and you frequently must use multiple items to replenish your stats.Exploration is limited to wandering the town, visiting shops, and speaking to locals who occasionally have something new to say, or some special item to give you.There is a huge diversity of items to buy at the shop, and you usually have lots of money to spend. It is likely you'll need a lot of stuff for battles, but unfortunately, it is impossible to predict which items will be useful on your next mission.The hitch of this game is that some missions are very difficult, and virtually impossible to beat unless you have the right items, and/or equipment. Often in these cases, the only thing to do is to go back to a previous save, lose up to an hour of progress, and buy the items necessary. If you don't have a previous save, you're simply out of luck.Overall, this is a great game, in terms of both story and combat, but if you are intent on game completion, either remember to save often, or give the game a pass."
,Recommended,399790,19730404,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,MLG BUSH,EPIC GAME LOVE IT :333 but i dont know how do a mission max missing :(
,Recommended,399790,20809235,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,ForGamezCZ,Just idling for cards M8.
,Recommended,399790,20030623,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,✪Яick cs.money,"I really love this game, its like a pokemon + naruto haha"
76561198067129723,Not Recommended,399790,26485072,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Festival de Cortes Suínos,rpgmaker
76561197967685936,Not Recommended,399790,25817826,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,^7ja^1co,Cannot recommend this game.
,Not Recommended,399790,18057952,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,Tudi,"I bought this game since it was cheap and had many positive reviews when it was released - Reviews that I now suspect was either faked or bought by the developers.The music is OK - But it comes with the game engine software.I played the game for about 15-20 minutes, and I quit after it got boring (Seriously, if a game is boring from the moment you start it, you can't expect people to keep playing till the end). There's mistakes in the script, and the ""company"" didn't seem to get any people to alpha / beta-test before release.Honestly, it seems like some dude / dudes just wanted to make a quick buck."
,Not Recommended,399790,20168221,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Daikunshuu,buy the bundle ... at least you can get money by idle-ing it for cards...
,Not Recommended,399790,19211764,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,kdrp,this game is for self-harming..extremly boring battles and uninteresting story..// and take a look for the achievements.. lol/
,Recommended,399790,31564550,Posted: 5 May,all,,_____________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________¶_________________________________________________¶_________¶_______________________________________________¶___________¶_____________________________________________¶_____________¶¶¶_______________________________________¶¶¶________________¶¶¶¶_________________________________¶¶¶¶______________¶_____¶_¶¶¶___________________________¶¶¶_¶_____¶___________¶¶________¶¶_______________________¶¶________¶¶____________¶¶¶¶¶________¶¶_________________¶¶________¶¶¶¶¶_____________¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶______¶¶______________¶______¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶________________¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶____¶___________¶____¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶______________________¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶___¶_______¶___¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶_____________________¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶_¶_____¶_¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶____________________¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶_____¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶__________________________¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶___¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶___________________________¶___¶¶¶__¶¶¶_________¶¶¶__¶¶¶___¶______________________________¶__¶______¶___¶______¶__¶____________________________________¶____¶¶¶_____¶¶¶____¶_________________________________________¶¶¶¶_______¶¶¶¶__________________________________________¶¶¶¶¶_________¶¶¶¶¶______________________________________¶¶¶¶¶¶___________¶¶¶¶¶¶___________________________________¶¶¶¶¶¶_____________¶¶¶¶¶¶_________________________________¶¶¶¶¶¶¶_____________¶¶¶¶¶¶¶________________________________¶¶¶¶¶_¶_____________¶_¶¶¶¶¶_______________________________¶_¶¶¶¶__¶______________¶¶¶¶_¶______________________________¶¶__¶¶_________________¶¶__¶¶___________________________________¶_________________¶__________________________________¶_____________________________¶____________________________¶_____________________________¶_________________________________________________________________________
76561198205383349,Recommended,399790,20861167,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Shadownight Dragoon,"Note: Due to character limitation, I posted my full review on my FB page @https://www.facebook.com/notes/the-dragoon-reviews/destiny-warriors-rpg/996176493778374Overall, I was entertained throughout the game. With a good spell check through the script and some rebalancing, this game could be great. I would still recommend it for the hardcore RPG player only.The current broken mechanics are increasing the difficulty more than it should be. Until the main issues are fixed up, the casual player should stay as far away from this as possible. If you must buy it, wait it to go on sale, and get with the JRPG bundle, you’ll get it at the lowest price possible, and you get 3 other games with it.With this in mind I give this game a final rating of 1 stun-locked party out of 10"
,Recommended,399790,25522645,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Shark^,"My Grandfather smoked his whole life. I was about 10 years old when my mother said to him, 'If you ever want to see your grandchildren graduate, you have to stop immediately.'. Tears welled up in his eyes when he realized what exactly was at stake. He gave it up immediately. Three years later he died of lung cancer. It was really sad and destroyed me. My mother said to me- 'Don't ever smoke. Please don't put your family through what your Grandfather put us through."" I agreed. At 28, I have never touched a cigarette. I must say, I feel a very slight sense of regret for never having done it, because this game gave me cancer anyway."
,Not Recommended,399790,29638429,Posted: 1 February,all,Ganjasaiyajin,cards
,Not Recommended,399790,33464599,Posted: 11 July,all,PanzernKern,It isn't premarital sex if you have no intention of getting married.
,Recommended,399790,31111153,Posted: 12 April,all,Eziro,"Naruto Fan based JRPG:Positives:1) InexpensiveNegatives:1) Plot appears not to be original...(seems to attempt to replicate Naruto)2) Equipping your party is a hassle.3) Tedious game play.4) Dialogue is annoying.5) Balancing skills and abilities is not well done, in my opinion.Overall: I do recommend this game.because of the trading card thing."
,Recommended,399790,30257110,Posted: 1 March,all,dm,k
,Not Recommended,399790,21156252,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,*Logan*,"This is a terrible turn-based RPG made with the RPG Maker engine and it's one of the worst games I've played.I can get past the limited options and visual settings that RPG Maker games suffer from, and I can get past the generic artwork and horrible music, but this game has a horrible combat system and that I can NOT get past.My main issue with this game is the fact that your enemies level up with you.This is rarely used in RPGs and with good reason. It's a horrible idea that makes no sense, and makes you want to either:1. AVOID battles at all costs to keep the enemies low level or2. Fight in the same area leveling up to 99.However, WHY would you want to skip battles in an RPG? Why would you want to repeat the same areas if you don't gain an advantage from grinding?Why do the enemies level up between battles? My team hit level 10 in the first area and the same slimes and flowers were level 10 as well. It's not like they were fighting battles, and this doesn't make sense because in the first area of the game you should not have to be fighting such high level creatures.I'm not saying this is difficult, I'm saying this is not fun and that's the most important thing.This game is garbage for this reason, and I would suggest avoiding it no matter how cheap it goes on sale.Edit: I've learned that it's possible things change later in the game, but based on this being the introduction to the game, I didn't want to continue. This is a very bad way to start off an RPG."
,Recommended,399790,25450716,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,News Reporter,This game is the pinnacle of human achivement.
76561198165616353,Not Recommended,399790,21429759,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Anica,So generic RPG Maker.
,Recommended,399790,21598553,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Sir Bot,2+2=Fish.
,Not Recommended,399790,25032139,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Meltdown,Lol Naruto
,Not Recommended,399790,25503793,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,Esperologist,"First off, the grammer isn't great - but I'm fine with that. Combat isn't balanced well... at least there is a bit of room for strategy in the fights, but most of the abilities are only usable in the longest of fights, if at all. Leveling up is fast, but that doesn't really do much for accelerating the fights.The grammer gets worse along the way, mixing up or even contradicting the lore. Some of the 'bad guys' swear, which again I can put up with because it is their 'character' but when the narrator says ""you can do stuff or ****"", I quit."
76561198112825570,Not Recommended,399790,25487746,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Drunken Master,Mediocre RPG and a blatant rip-off of Naruto.
76561198137554140,Not Recommended,399790,25932951,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,GreatPrinceErik,"Where to begin, the story is, well a story. It would probaby be better if the writing wasn't just atrocious. The scripts that these characters have are just ridiculous. Not to mention the hundreds upon thousands of spelling errors.It seems fine at first but after fighting hundreds of Ninja Rouges, (that's right not Ninja Rogues, they're Ninja Rouges) it's way to repetitive and boring. But I sailored on to see what happens.Then I got to the tournament. God the tournament. It's so awful. It's all the flaws of the game condensed into one big pile of ugly. It shows you how the members of your party are designed to fight in a party and not alone because having to fight 1v1 in this tournament is at times as exciting as watching paint dry because some of them are for healing, not 1v1 combat. In addition to the stupid fight where you get blinded every other turn, the fight where you take forever because your healer does so little damage so it takes forever to win, the worst is yet to come in the form of fighting your friend and party member Spark. He decides to show you just how broken status effects are by paralyzing you more than he ever paralyzed all your enemies put together throughout the game. To give you an idea of just how bad it is, how long the effect of paralyze lasts seems to be completely random, maybe it lasts three turns. Maybe it lasts all of your turns and he just beat the bejeezus out of you til you get to see that stupid You Lost screen for the 30th time. And if you do break free of paralysis early, he'll just hit you with it again, giving anywhere from turn to no turns at all to heal or attack. It's garbage. Oh and to give you an idea of just how the tournament is worse in every way, every fight all the characters say the same variation of the same thing, because the writer put no effort into it. ""Hey good luck, don't hold back"" and then ""Hey you got stronger"" ""Yeah you too"" EVERY FIGHT. FOR NEARLY 10 FIGHTS.Then after that you get to fight a guy with rock powers who goes beast mode, then 2 of your guys go beast mode and oh good news, you do 1 damage to him with every attack and he does pretty much 1,000 damage with his. And it's a not a scripted, ""You're supposed to lose moment."" The game expects you to win. This game is okay in the beginning, then once you get to the tournament it goes downhill fast just because of all the bullpizzle going down.Haven't beaten the game. Not sure if I want to now. It's broken, poorly written, repetitive and the characters just weren't designed to fight independent of each other but they decided to do that anyways."
76561198039189577,Not Recommended,399790,23654742,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Syvere,"It boils down to this:Ninjas, Yea, F**king NinjasUse of the word ""F**k"" a lotMax the Emo, need I say more?https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N5eaAFAovRg- Relevant Video10/10 would High School Again."
,Recommended,399790,25602651,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Minimalist,"GOOD GAME, BUT COULD BE BETTER."
,Not Recommended,399790,23361340,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Di - Ravello,"My biggest issue with this game came from the statement in the summary ""heavily inspired by Chrono Trigger, Final Fantasy VI, and the Dragon Quest series."" at no point did I see/feel anything close to Chrono Trigger, story and battle system lacked the deep depth of FF6, I can see some comparisons with Dragon Quest 2 but thats about as far as i'd go with that. If inspirised means you made an RPG using RPGMaker then i guess thats correct.2nd big issue for me was the feel that monster levels scaled with my own. ding you leveled up and so did everything your trying to kill. but it was hard to really flush this theory out, I'm all for a bit of range in areas but if you punish the player for getting stonger thats just mean.If you really lust/love old school RPGs then get this game, you'll feel mostly at home. The price is often right when its on sale.When I wrote this reivew, I was close to 3hrs deep. I don't plan on giving up till the end of game or till issues mentioned in other review present them selves. Hopefully i'll have some good things to add."
76561198160768382,Not Recommended,399790,23014093,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,ac_editing,"-Some spoilers ahead, you are warned-At first I loved this game. I was definitely a Naruto rip off, but there were quirks and commentary that made it humorous. (Spark will forever be known as Dude Elf to me thanks to looking like an elf, and the first dialogue coming out of him including ""dude"") The different types of skills and weapons made for an interesting game play, and it was relatively easy to level up. I was confused when Max suddenly capped, but figured he was the Sasuke character and would be lost eventually. Overall though, not that bad.Then the ninja tournament came. Suddenly the battle system became a joke. The status effects and speed of the opponents was so ridiculous that I had to redo the first battle at least 20 times. Things only went downhill from there. The enemies, especially boss fights, were ridiculous. Enemy defense was so high that attacks that used to do hundreds or even thousands of damage were now doing 1. When the beast modes finally showed up...wow that was a let down. Rather than power up during beast modes, character skills were limited and the bosses in particular seemed to be exceptionally strong and fast.I will give an example: in the first temple, you are forced to fight clones of your current party plus the phantom summoning them. Round one was pretty balanced. They had my attacks, I had theirs, so just working out how to attack them so that I came out on top was both easy and straight forward. Then round 2 happened. The characters are forced into beast mode while more clones pop up. Suddenly my characters were down to less techniques than I could count on a hand. That's nice and all, except they are dishing out attacks that both freeze and take out half the hp of the characters (keep in mind my characters are both capped, wearing their strongest armors, and have items equipped to add to their power and defense.). What happens when I dish out the same technique which my character happened to keep? 1hp damage. Compared to thousands on their part. I'm sorry, but what? Add on the fact that these guys have status effects, are insanely fast, and have both a healer and a phantom which can resummon clones in a turn, and it was something worth rage quitting over.Now I am at the second temple, and already there are lizardmen who are showing the same ridiculous effect spam and healing techniques. Let's also include here that they are pretty high in level, which would put them on par with the main guy on the team, but the game has forcefully pair him up with his ten levels lower father (which the game says can equip armor and a weapon...which he cannot), and a character who is lvl literally 28 levels lower.I haven't even finished the game yet, but this is one that I'm seriously considering just letting sit unfinished."
,Recommended,399790,22662343,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,° MakaroneN,50/100
,Recommended,399790,22700344,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Xosei,"Well, it is heavily inspired by a few games within the RPG  world, but  after playing for a few minutes,  I  loved it.The graphics are  classic looking which is great, the sound is good as well. Plus from the looks of it, the story, while not as original, is kind of neat. It  is sort of a X meets Y meets Z thing (Naruto meets RPG  meets Pokemon) in a way, which isn't bad at all.For the price, why not?  I  mean, the story has potiential to be something here, so try it  out.  I  recommend it to those who want the feel of those RPG  games on a handheld or other devices. Have fun."
76561198034718740,Not Recommended,399790,22781332,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,MatMat,The story is from the anime Naruto with a few (bad) changes. The level and character system is really boring. I bought this game for about 20 cents and thats okay. It's not worth more in this state.
,Not Recommended,399790,28722655,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Kami no migi,Was quite amusing till the elements were separated to fight enemies of the respective element. The story is ok. Not too shabby. 8 plus hours into the game and I decided to abandon it.
,Not Recommended,399790,28989460,Posted: 3 January,all,Zaru,"Boring, can't say it's hard game but can say easily kinda dumb"
,Not Recommended,399790,28997520,Posted: 3 January,all,MaGiKarP Lv.<3,Copyright infringement?. . .Trash JRPG made with RPG Maker almost looks like default skins or some free package somewhere. Story is Naruto original. Puzzles are half♥♥♥♥♥ everything is really. Sells for steam cards haha
,Recommended,399790,28802976,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Attila,Let's Playing this Game on my YouTube Channel.The first Episode is up:https://youtu.be/D8z1QQeUVXU
76561198169157549,Not Recommended,399790,29730246,Posted: 5 February,all,HappyDannyLovely,"I love RPG Maker games. I even love the base tilesets and characters. I hate this game, though.It felt like a bad Naruto fanfiction written by a 13 year old."
76561198084775821,Not Recommended,399790,21712794,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Schnaufeltier,"5/7Best Naruto simulator out theregood price/quality ratioif you want to play the early naruto adventures with 4 instead of 3 team members then i strongly advise you to buy this game!but otherwise, dont"
,Not Recommended,399790,25015229,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Rollz,Not Gud
,Not Recommended,399790,31348507,Posted: 24 April,all,matorin57(DM-GM-BM),"Overall, this is just such a bland game. The story is flat and pointless and the game mechanics are a bland turn based combat system.Pros:-It functions well. I personally haven't run into any glithches but I am only halfway(I think) through and others have noted some issues later in the game.-It doesn't look terrible. It does not look good, but it doesnt look bad. Just kinda meh on aesthetic.-The music is ok.Cons:- One dimensonal stupid characters who are not relatable in any way. Imagine the most stereotypical highschool anime you can. Now take those ridicouls archetype characters and somehow make them even MORE stereotypical and bland. They have somehow made characters so bland, archetypal, and unrelatble that it all becomes bland. It might even be an achievement, one that tells them to get better writers.-  Humor is really subjective so I can't say much, but for me it was just terrible. The jokes were something you would expect on a show for 6-year olds. So maybe you say this is for 6-year olds, but no they cuss all the time, so maybe 12-year olds on xbox live at the most mature.- Story, don't even get me started. It is a mess. After completeing some mission or dungeon, nothing important happens. I have played for 5 hours and I felt like maybe 1, ♥♥♥♥ing 1, important plot event occured. On top of that, its just so boring and pointless and bland and ehh.- They somehow.... don't know how they thought this was a good idea... made ninjas lame. I didn't think it was possible, but equating annoying bland stereotypical highschool kids to ninjas is a crime against humanity. I had to go and rewatch the second season of DareDevil to remind me that Ninjas are cool after playing this. They don't even do anything like ninjas.- At first the combat is OK, but it never changes. Using the special abilities is even useful for alot of the battles. Most of your ""spells"" do the exact same thing so whats the point of having 20 of them??? I ended up just hacking away with the basic attack, did similar damage most of the time and it was faster to tap the space bar then to try and strategize, and in the end I was fine, so strategy is only somewhat necessary. Overall the gameplay is repitive and bland."
76561198067524940,Not Recommended,399790,31893157,Posted: 21 May,all,brewfueled,the most over sensative control for stick on controller and no d-pad support! awful just awful.
76561198094360814,Not Recommended,399790,31623459,Posted: 8 May,all,taritt1,"I do not recommend this game. Almost 14 hours wasting on this game and did not finish it yet, stuck on a 1v5 battle with you got 1 frozen and died.."
76561198038951741,Not Recommended,399790,34118650,Posted: 8 August,all,Cassus  ∠(・ω・)／,"The game story heavily rips off Naruto.  The dialogue is faily weak as far as quality writing goes.  Getting stun locked can be fairly annoying.As far as rpgmaker games go this one is built decently enough, it's satisfying when you're on a roll with the right moves.I would not suggest this game unless you want to go for 6 achievements for roughly 12 hours of gameplay."
76561197991137557,Recommended,399790,34462989,Posted: 24 August,all,BrianHammerhand,"This is a fun little RPG to pass the time. Bottom line, it's enjoyable if a bit amateurish in spots and inexplicable in others (why are the forests littered with chests just waiting to be opened?) Yes the dialogue is a bit juvenile and heavily-inspired by Naruto but its not a direct rip-off. No more so than the dozens of Chrono Trigger or Final Fantasy inspired games are rip offs of those series. Instead of knights and kings you have ninjas and kages (and yes, some other very Naruto-like elements).  Some weird mixing of words that sound more like Chinese than Japanese are also in the game like ""X-tu"". So if you are tired of the standard western knights and dragons in your JRPG then this is a nice change. The gameplay is fun without endless exploration of mazes and excessive doubling back or random foes as seen in some other similar inexpensive RPG maker titles. The story progresses well without too much time in dialogue or too much time in random combat. The difficulty level is fine for a casual JRPG and I would even boost it for a challenge. I did not feel that the generic RPG maker tiles or artwork detracted from the game - they seemed suitable to me, but I have not played others that use these particular graphics. One downside as I see it is that some of the powers the characters develop far too quickly and just out of the blue in the wilderness. I would have preferred to see them develop these skills by training them in the village and practicing with them, than getting a Monte Haul of skills."
76561198322377265,Recommended,399790,34316405,Posted: 17 August,all,SamuraiXBrother,"Despite all the reviews here saying this game is terrible, let me tell ou that no, it isn't.The plot is fairly simple, but there are no stupid holes or things that make no sense, so it keeps you going.Now ofcourse, this is an RPG maker game, and it really shows with it's menu's and such, and to be honest, I'm not sure if it's worth the 1 Dollar. There are a lot more RPG maker games online... for free.I still really enjoyed it and it has the item and menu system that you expect from an RPG maker game.However, it does have one thing that I don't see to often in RPG maker games:The battles play out in a Final Fantasy sorta way. You see your team on the right, and the enemy's on the left. The health bars and menus in combat are quite nice and it isn't all that confusing.Sometimes enemy's will attack before you even get a opotunity to attack, and overall this game kinda felt like the SNES Final Fantasy's in a way. And the game has some nice customisebility(sorry for terrible english there).The character's aren't anything special, and they curse a bit to often that it looks like overkill, and kinda ruins the flow.They do all have different atributes though, like one is very powerfull in ATK but pretty slow, one is fast with medium attack and a bit more luck then others. The other is the typical healer that can deal quite some water damage.And one is the Emo (I'm not joking) with some status moves and in a way is kinda like the Black Mage form FF.Oh, and they're all ninja's. No idea why. They don't look like ninja's, use magic and I found myself ignoreing it.In the end, this game is pretty basic, but if you think you like the other games in the bundle (wich I would say is the way to buy this game), then buy it. I really enjoyed my time with this game. Altough I still need to play the other 3 RPG's in the bundle.Hope this review helped you!"
76561198060632407,Not Recommended,399790,34619556,Posted: 30 August,all,keiranhowells,"Story is annoying and just rather rubish, a rather large chunk of the dialog is **** and ****.Combat is slow with everybody/thing having loads of health and little damage. Also statues effects are also rather badly done; several times have I started a fight and I have been hit first and got stun/paralysis/frozen/sleep and then I get hit 20 times without a single turn and lose; if you don't get hit with any of them then you can't lose.For some reason it seems that the games enemies level with you and that they have higher states than you as I almost never get turn in combat which is what makes my previous note even more fun.The game wasn't to bad until just before the tourniment arch, then it kept getting worse.Last note, a big mistake for this game is the part where at points people split into smaller groups; this means you get stuck with the rubbish sub-characters who have no good states or equipment and their skills are pointless."
,Not Recommended,399790,34590254,Posted: 29 August,all,ISolox,"Overall, the game is okay. The story is okay, but is a bit generic and does't do a whole lot to stick out from other games.Pros--The battle system, although this is just  my personal opinion. The game uses a classic tunr-based system.-Some memorable characters.Cons--Default RPG Maker tile sets. I wish these games would just take the time to make their own. It makes me feel like im playing the same game over and over again, just in a dfferent area.-Level layout is dull and uninspired.-Meh Story4/10"
