user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,400020,22026464,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Renegas,"Wow, I am simple amazed.ATARI has finally nailed it, the compilation is great, controls are very customizable for each title (mouse, keyboard or gamepad), including gamepad sensitivity.I'm using a Razer Sabertooth and had no issues with controls on various games.Ease to access a multitude of titles, including a fast access / recent played games list.Some pluses as original boxes, manuals and other reliquia add value to the package.Totally worth it!"
,Recommended,400020,22029269,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Glimglam,"Why yes, Ihaveplayed Atari today.And it was amazing.As a collection, it's a great value. Contained within the Vault are faithful emulations of the original Atari arcade games, such as Asteroids, Centipede, Missile Command, and my personal favorite, Tempest. It even introduced me to a few I'd never had the chance to play, before -- Crystal Castles, Black Widow, Liberator, and Major Havoc are great fun, and I'm happy to have had the chance to try them out. Heck, even the original Pong arcade cabinet is here.Then you have a selection of perfectly-emulated Atari 2600 games, complete with 3D models of the original boxes and scans of the original manuals, to boot. (Even the aforementioned arcade games are represented with 3D recreations of their cabinets, too!) Many of them play best with multiple people, and thankfully, Atari Vault gives you the option for not only local multiplayer, but online multiplayer as well, on top of high score leaderboards.Controls for each game are fully customizable, from a gamepad to a keyboard. Which is great, considering that a few of these games used to be controlled with a trackball or paddle. I used a Steam Controller for most of these games, and the touch-sensitive circle pads actually worked really well for paddle controller stuff. I found it could be somewhat over-sensitive at times, requiring me to adjust the settings a lot, but it wasn't a terrible inconvenience or anything. And -- I'm not sure if this is a bug or what, but -- on a few games in particular, pressing a button that is normally bound to an action (fire, special action, etc) causes it to open the game menu AND perform the action. That proved to be rather annoying, but it only happened a couple of times to me.As for the overall game selection? Good, for the most part. While there's a few stinkers in there -- mostly a few of those sports games, painfully-boring ""learning games"" intended for very young children, and I'm not sure why an intriguing but nigh-unplayable prototype of Tempest for the 2600 is stuffed in there, but yep it's there too -- a lot of them are good, simple fun, which offsets the bad. Warlords is a blast, Yars' Revenge is a classic, Millipede is great fun, and Asteroids... well, it's Asteroids. It's hard to screw up Asteroids. The arcade versions of some 2600 games are obviously the superior version, but I like playing both of them, just to take note of and enjoy the differences. Though it's definitely missing a few 2600 games I would have liked to see (no Jungle Hunt? Battlezone? Berzerk, even?), it's a great collection on its own, even if most of the better 2600 games were produced by other companies or based on licensed properties.Criticisms? Well... emulation quality is fine, sound is okay, the menus and options are fairly easy to navigate... I suppose some of the manual scans are a bit on the fuzzy, low-res side, so it makes them kinda hard to read at times. And the ""soundtrack"" isn't very prevalent anywhere except the menus, where you are bound to spend essentially 5% of your overall playtime in. It sounds fine, if a little forgettable. Maybe an option to include tunes (or your own personal songs) during gameplay would be welcome? (I for one like to play the Tempest 2000 soundtrack while I'm playing Tempest, but that's just me.) These aren't serious or grating issues for me, though.Now, despite my glowing praise, I would have to say my recommendation is ""conditional"", in a sense.By all means, these games are classics, and I believe it's important to preserve and remember them. Reintroducing these titles to the newer generation is also something I enjoy the prospect of. But, well... if you aren't nostalgic for these games, then you should be aware that these are from a very different period of videogame history. These games are very simple, both in concept and design. Reading the manual is usually required. They may confuse and frustrate you as easily as they can inspire and entertain. They can potentially offer hours upon hours of enjoyment, or you can play them for five minutes and get bored. Yet, at twenty dollars for a hundred games, there's not much risk involved. Why not give it a try? Set a few high scores while you're at it, too.TL;DR, a great collection of Atari classics and an excellent value to boot. You really can't go wrong."
,Not Recommended,400020,22097302,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Karma,"Disappointing execution of some classic games.  The biggest issue is, sigh, as always, controls for the trackball and rotary dial games like Tempest, Warlords, Centipede, etc.  It's simple, right?  Map the mouse to act as a trackball or dial?  It shouldn't be that hard.  It ISN'T that hard, seeing as how many other pieces of software manage to do this just fine.  But not Atari Vault.  Either the mouse can't be set to be sensitive enough to make the game playable (even at the highest sensitivity setting) or it just flat-out doesn't work.That said, the joystick games work just fine, either mapped to a keyboard or with a variety of gamepads.  Even there, though, you cannot turn v-sync on and so most games exerpience ""tearing"".  Just really lazy execution here.  The in-menu extras like manuals and PR documents are cool, but are scanned in low-res and sometimes aren't even legible.  The overall presentation is slick enough, but there wasn't enough attention paid to detail and the result is that this product feels slapped together as just another lazy appeal to nostalgia.When will game companies give us an alternative to legally questionable means of playing these classic games?  And I don't mean packages thrown together with a few games (or even 100, which is still a fraction of the number of games available for the Atari 2600 alone), but a truly viable commercial option for playing classic games?  If you were hoping Atari Vault would be the first one, no dice.  Save your $20 and stick with alternative options - you know what they are."
,Recommended,400020,22045284,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Jade Radiance,"This is what I've been looking for, for a long, long time.Lemme just make this short, as there are 100 of these games, that everything feels so spot on.GRAPHICS: As I boot up the game, I'm treated to an organized menu of game right from the getgo. Each game is represented by a Cabinet, complete with the original art that you would find right on the real thing. Getting into a game of Black widow to check out the graphics of one of the games, It looks exactly like how I remember it from the good ol' arcade down memory lane. You can clearly see what represents what, and best thing is: It all runs clearly on your computer screen. I ran this on a plasma screen TV, and there was no quality loss on the resolution. For other things, you also getbonus Art from the original covers, and even the Manuals for the games for newcomers, Or if you're like me, for Nostalgia-driven Nerds. Loved looking through them then, and I still love looking at them now.SOUND: Just like I was stuck with awe at the menu, the theme for it is fantastic. Something I will never get annoyed with. Going into black widow again, the sounds are spot on. All those beeps and blips from the good ol' days are back again, and they sound fantastic. Nothing to complain about!Gameplay: Now here's the Shining Jewel on the Golden Crown: The Multiplayer Capabilities, and the Leaderboards. The Leaderboards are just what you expect: They show all the top scores out of your friends, AND in the world. Wanna be the best? Better get crackin' at those Top scores! There's 100+ of these games, so you're in for hours of fun and hard work! And the biggest, and greatest change, is that you don't even need to be at your friends house in order to whoop him at that game of Warlords! Yup, there's ONLINE MULTIPLAYER. Me and a buddy both got the collection and tried a game of Asteroids to see the lag issue, and I can safely say there were no problems on either end. It's seamless, and it works perfectly.Controllers are no problem, either! like using a Mouse and Keyboard? GO ahead! Xbox One controller? No problem! I spent a few minutes testing a bunch of controllers I had, including the Keyboard, Mouse, Xbone controller, A U-TRAK Arcade Trackball for Missile Command (Just for that authenticity, and my Very own USB Arcade stick, and ALL WORKED FLAWLESSLY. No input lag, not even on the trackball which I was worried about the most!OVERALL: Guys, even if you're a Gaming Veteran like me, or even a gamer starting fresh and new, this has fun to be had. It's One hell of a collection that I myself, am glad Atari brought over."
76561198009530859,Recommended,400020,22025617,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,joechip7,"AWESOMENESS HAS LANDED , Surround and Space War 2600 , (especially DOCKING aka Space Shuttle) , 2 of the greatest 2 player games ever made , YAY !!! YES !!! with online multiplayer ^^ are the icing on a HUGE cake ! Space War note : forward is thrust , left and right are for steering only . ""Shared"" option on Docking is by far the best  NOTE: Getting the settings wrong can impair your 2600 game experiences / if you think you can think outside the box , try playing Surround with ""wrap"" on / Space War is mostly better with ""wrap"" on , and ""sun"" on can liven up simple battles. DEVS HAVE FIXED initial control issues so just buy it please to swell the numbers available for multiplayer - ok can we have Williams/Midway Vault next please ?"
,Recommended,400020,22032128,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,DreaddJester,"Come to relive the classics, stick around for 3D Tic Tac Toe and Video Pinball!No course in the history of video games would be complete without this collection of games.  As you play each game you'll recognize bits and pieces that helped shape the games we play today.  Personally, as an old fart gamer, I remember each and every one of these.  I played them all for hours on end.  I know for you young pups it's hard to understand how anyone could spend hours playing most of these games but in their time they were the most awesome games ever!!So what do you get for your hard earned money here.  Well you get 100 classic Atari games.  A handful of them are Arcade versions but the greater majority of them are Atari 2600 games.  Controls are a bit funky but they were with that Atari joystick that we had to keep taking apart and fixing all the time too.  There's certainly some standout games like Asteroids, Centipede, Missile Command, Tempest, and Crystal Castles.  There's some seriously retro ones for you game historians that want to say you've played the earliest of games like Pong, Breakout, Outlaw, and Combat.  Then there's a host of ones that have been forgotten Yar's Revenge, Sword Quest, and Haunted House.  I think there's literally something for everyone in this package, if you like seriously retro games.Trouble is, most of them you'll end up playing long enough to remember the game or see what it was like, then never play it again because the new games have so much more shiny lights.  There are however a handful of games on here that might keep you coming back.  3D Tic Tac Toe is an awesome game in concept.  When I told my 20 year old son about it (he'd never even heard of it) and explained how to win he asked why nobody ever picked up that game again and remade it.  For all you pinball fans out there you have to try Video Pinball.  I think it was one of the very first video versions of pinball ever.  I remember literally sitting for hours playing the same game.  If memory serves me correctly I maxed out the score once.  BTW pro-tip on that one, you can nudge the table and it's helps, a lot......  Checkers, Chess, and Combat might be fun to play online or locally with friends.At the end of the day it really depends on who you are and what your gaming tastes are when determining if you should get this one or not.  If modern graphics and depth of gameplay are super important to you then I'd say don't get this.  If you hate grinding or repetitive gameplay then you probably shouldn't get this.  However, if you love retro games, seeing where your modern games started from, or are an old fart like me that wants to relive a little of the old days of gaming this is a great gem and should be in your collection.  Personally, I love it and recommend it.  Your mileage may vary."
76561198090259142,Recommended,400020,22029830,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Otakun the vegan (B-day 4 days),"Wow this is just what I needed, what we all needed. with digital downloading now we can keep these games forever. the control is fine, the sound effects are good, and the artwork is beautiful. The arcade game gallery's let you see old adverts flyers for the machine's. I bought it for pong, centipide, missle cammand, asteroids, and breakout. it was cheaper then I thought at only 21.99 CA$."
,Recommended,400020,32631840,Posted: 21 June,all,Neslope♀,"This is a pretty decent collection of classic arcade and 2600 games with some nifty added Steam controller functionality and online play. Unfortunately I cannot critique the online mode much since I've stuck mostly to single player. However the regular single player games work fine and emulate pretty well. Code Mystics does a good job with making everything accurate and playable.If I had any complaint it would be the game selection. The Swordquest games are fun history but gameplay wise they're useless without the companion comics needed to solve the puzzles that are the entire goal of the games. The 2600 prototype of Tempest is also nothing special gameplay wise, and it only really has an appeal in a historical sense. Finally there are some glaring omissions in the arcade department, like Battlezone.Overall though, this isn't too bad of a collection for 10 bucks, and it's even better on sale."
,Recommended,400020,25395942,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,archdeco,"Asteroids: Was this the game that figured out a black screen effectively simulated the cold uncaring void? Cuz that's pretty neat.Asteroids Deluxe: Good idea, add a shield. Bad idea, superimpose a butt-ugly background.Black Widow: Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥they invented the twin stick shooter this far back?! Why have I never heard of this game, it's fun as hell!Centipede: Cherished classic or not, those spiders are a♥♥♥♥♥♥move. My eyes are focused on the top!Crystal Castles: Y'know what would improve Pac Man, let's get rid of the power pills, make it all isometric and make it so you can miss the dots even if you're traveling on the same lane. But hey this game probably invented jumping so there's that.Gravitar: If people were getting so good at Asteroids that they had to unleash this monstrosity on the world to satisfy them....Liberator: Now THIS game is ♥♥♥♥ing cool. Why hasn't any other game tried to copy this? I want more orbital strike games!Lunar Lander: ♥♥♥♥ this game, seriously. For real. The space race did gaming no favors if this is the result.Major Havoc: Wow this is a magnum opus. Cutscenes! Multiple gameplay types! LOADING SCREEN GAMES. These dudes had a vision.Millipede: I love games that aim to make you deaf. I like that Centipede was a cosmic horror and Millipede practically screams uguuu~Missile Command: It's missing something without the guy saying ""Game over, man! Game over!""... Am I the only one that played that version as a kid? Just me?Pong: In a perfect world all internet disputes would be settled by 1v1 Pong.Red Baron: They invented Star Fox too?! 80's kids, man.Space Duel: ""The kids are lovin Asteroids! Lovin it! What do we do next?"" followed by years of slamming their heads on their desks. Better than Gravitar!Sprint 2: The series so bad they're embarassed to let you see the first one. In a collection that includes BASIC MATH.Super Breakout: I'm seeing a pattern of the sequel just wanting to make things harder. The paddle moves too damn fast and the ball is too damn small. Still, they mixed things up with different game modes, so there's that.Tempest: Another legit game I never played as a kid. And a sort of gameplay you really don't see anymore. This is the sort of thing that inspires someone to make Kung Fury 30 years later.Warlords: God help you if you can actually get three other people to play this. But it seems like funtimes.2600 games:3D Tic Tac Toe: Clever idea, works well enough! I like how long the puny cpu has to think for each move.Adventure: Holy crap there's an actual game in here. This is the primordial soup that eventually gave us Zelda. Plays about as well as you'd expect primordial soup to.Concentration: Don't know how they managed to screw up a concentration game this badly. Apart from the horrible controls, the lack of details makes it so you have to tell remember which nondescript blob is the same as the nondescript blob you just picked. Ever play Ed McMillen's game Fingered? Same problem.Air-Sea Battle: 27 VIDEO GAMES. I like how they define what a ""video game"" constituted back then. Still if I was a kid I would have actually enjoyed this game which is more than I could say for a lot of these.Asteroids: I like that ""child"" mode is the mode closest to the original arcade version. With the sequels you can really the design philosophy of these early days. Started us on that path of appealing to gamers' machismo and now we're drinking Gamer Fuel and playing Halo and calling game journalists cucks and ugh ugh ugh.Atari Video Cube: A decent game to play when bored out of your skull. I could see this as a mobile game nowadays.Backgammon: I don't know how to play Backgammon and this thing is not about to teach me.Basic Math: I can just imagine a kid's face when he unwraps this for christmas. You learned a harsh lesson that day Billy, and it wasn't your multiplication tables.Basketball: You know I was expecting a real piece of trash but this is actually fairly intuitive. I could see getting good at this. Computer almost never misses though so good luck winning 1P.Blackjack: These games cost... a lot back then, right? More than a deck of cards?Bowling: Okay, ""hard strikes"" should not mean you bowl like a little girl.Brain Games: I think the box art says more than I ever could. Most Atari cover art is stellar but a schizophrenic wizard cracking nazi code with his mind is another tier entirely. This is a game only playable by schizophrenic wizards btw.Breakout: My GOD that's a fast paddle. I didn't know the first breakout games were unplayable.Canyon Bomber: So it's Air Sea Battle except you're attacking dirt. That says it all really.Casino: The people that bought Blackjack are probably feeling REALLY dumb right now.Centipede: Would you believe it's easier to control your guy in this version? I actually feel like I could get competent at this.Championship Soccer: This feels like an alien designing a soccer game after seeing a match. You can score a pretty realistic amount of points in the time alotted, ie one if you're lucky.Circus Atari: Okay so I can use the steam controller's touchpad for these breakout games, that's helpful. Still, good luck getting skillful at this. Reminds me of Construction Bob.Codebreaker: The graphing calculator version was better.Combat: Lack of one player mode. Bad devs! And the ""invisible"" mode is....as advertised I guess.Combat Two: An experiment to see if you could make a sequel that only removed things. Also an experiment in naming.Crystal Castles: Annoyingly faithful to the bad original game. But it's an actual video game so that put's it in the 90th percentile.Demons to Diamonds: So it's a game where you shoot little things that are just slowly moving around not doing anything, and they turn into skull turrets that fire back at me. Am I the bad guy?Desert Falcon: You can't have some enemies that cast harmless shadows and other enemies that look like shadows and kill you. Also the fact that there are just two screens repeating forever doesn't fill me with hope that there's actually a sphinx.Dodge'em: Okay there's an actual game in there somewhere.Double Dunk: In contrast to that other basketball game, this one is hot garbage.Fatal Run: IT'LL BUST YOUR CRANK AND LEAVE SKIDMARKS ON YOUR SOLE. (Not affiliated with Namco)Flag Capture: More like competitive Minesweeper really. Promise of 10 games on the box should have landed someone in jail.Football: I like how everyone turns into ghosts as soon as a play starts. Is that really the best they could do to make it look like a field, though?Golf: I think I need to go back to college to figure out how to get the ball to go left instead of right. I can't even tell which blob is the hole.Gravitar: You can turn off the gravity in 2600 Gravitar. I love it. I mean, I still hate it, but I love it.Hangman: It's adorable that they have a ""vocabulary"" setting when they only have space for five letters.Haunted House: Okay the little eyeballs with the moving pupils is smart as hell. You know what wasn't smart? MAKING EVERY FLOOR IDENTICAL. But whatever you invented the survival horror genre gj.Homerun: Good luck having anything but a 0-0 tie.Human Cannonball: Not great with a steam controller. Angle controls unresponsive. Also this is barely a game.Maze Craze: Random maps! The first rougelike, lol. You would think the cop would try to catch the robbers but nope, you're a coward.Millipede: Considering what little they had to work with they do a pretty good job of porting these pede games. I actually think I prefer the 2600 iterations.Miniature Golf: More like ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ skiball. Best atari golf game so far, but good luck getting a ball into the hole in less than ten strokes.Missile Command: Well hey it's another console port that feels a hell of a lot more fair, imagine that.Continued in comments. Who knew there was a character limit?"
,Recommended,400020,22063557,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,FleetCommand,"UpdateEdit: Since an update came out to issue black screen/control issues present on release for some, I have to mention that here. So if you read a review writing about control issues, be aware that most of them are patched already.PingEver wondered if could you play Pong against one of your friends online? Loved watching Sega Fanboy Mark of Classic Game Room playing Centipede and Missile Command and eagered to do the same? Well, now you can. And it would be a huge mistake not to do that.Atari Vault brings you hours of fun. In the last two hours I realized how I suck at Breakout, still it's fun to suck at it. A great collection of Atari 2600 and Arcade cabinet games for a fair price.The devs did a good job here. You can play two-player games online with a friend, however, you should know that there's not a large chance to just find an online game with some random folk to play with, so you have to discuss it in advance.There are only a dozen of achievements, but when you get them you can feel like you really achieved something. Even if it doesn't seem so by just reading their description. Like ""Clear a screen in Super Breakout"". Doesn't sound too hard, does it? How hard can it be to clear a screen in a breakout game? Well, it is. So you'll find a good challenge here.PongPros:A great collection with nice emulation and a lots of funNo FPS-lock (sadly it has to be mentioned)Steam Controller support!!! With different pre-set profiles for the games.Leaderboards and achievementsOnline playGreat menu musicIt has a neon grid intro. Neon is the future! Or at least it was in the 80s!You have an Atari logo on your screen when you start it. At that very moment you already feel it worth the price!Be aware:The graphics options are a little bit ""barebone"", all you have is resolution, bezel art on/off and vector emulation style. However, the latter is a nice touch!The main menu is not too intuitive to navigateUnless hundred thousands of people buys this, be aware that you need someone if you want to play online. I don't think there would be a great chance to just hang out and wait until someone plays Pong with you. It's sad, but multiplayer CoD is somewhat more popular than multiplayer Pong.Bonus CitySure, the graphics in the 70s and early 80s weren't that good, and the games looks simpler in today's standard. Still they give you a great challenge and hours of fun. Get it if you can enjoy a game without fancy 3D. Then feel rad when you spend hours playing Super Breakout on your $2000 gaming rig. :)"
76561197968595524,Not Recommended,400020,22073257,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,DS-08,"This is a review specifically for people who are intending to play this on a arcade cabinet, in which case, DONT GET IT.The game states it has full controller support, I bought this game to play on an arcade cabinet and is causing many issues with its stick and button configuration using a JAMMA style configuration. IT ONLY NEEDS A JOYSTICK AND 3 BUTTONS and the 2 gamepads with a joystick and 8 buttons each apparently isn't enough!!Issues I came accros within 20 minutes:-Player 1 and 2 are swapped with no way to change the order.-The UI interface is not allowing me to use the joystick to navigate and is asking for a D-Pad that does not exists forcing me to connect a keyboard and mouse.-The button configuration does not allow me to to change what button starts a game, it wants the Xbox Start button which does not exist on the JAMMA arcade controllers attached to the cabinet. so the only way is to connect a keyboard and hit esc to start.-It crashes about every 5 minutes.-Half of the games I tried did not work because they required a D-Pad instead of the joysticks for what ever reason.-The menu's often freak out and don't allow selections to be made after swapping menus a couple times making it impossible to switch off the side options panel until restarting the application.-Some of the games simply don't load, it just silently closes the application.This makes me extraordinarily sad because I was extremely excited to run this on my arcade cabinet and play these amazing games. Hopefully they will either fix these issues, or I will have to wait for a different developer to make a similar application that actually works the way it should."
76561198088380930,Recommended,400020,32100229,Posted: 31 May,all,emasterslake,"Atari Vault is a compilisation of 100 Atari games ranging in from the arcade to the 2600 console. Like the Sega Genesis & Mega Drive Collection, this compilisation is a perfect way to experience all of the popular Atari games from the company's heyday. The menus for each game are very decorative and stylish matching the decade of the 80's. Each game has its own ""virtual"" arcade cabinet or 2600 cartridge to make you feel like you are virtually seeing the game of choice. Original game manuels and box art help offer depth and history to each of the avalible games of this collection. The games themselves are the same as they were when they all hit the market, vintaged 8-bit wonders that helped shape the earlier gamer generation. Keep in mind that this doesn't include all of the Atari games, as there were at least 565 titles(excluding prototype, unreleased, and homebrewed games) for the Atari 2600 when it was in the market. But due to royalty rights and space capacity it was logical that the developers of this collection only included the titles that are free from any third party companies' control. Plus 100 games is plenty to enjoy for those who are die hard Atari gamers or for those who are trying them out for the first time. If you're an avid history gamer then this collection is a must, cause Atari holds an important spot in game history that shouldn't be ignored."
,Recommended,400020,22031026,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Nostalgia Nerd,"Full review at...https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u3372BmCXRwPowered up. Saw Atari logo, expected the worst. Instantly p*ssed myself with excitement after realising you can spin virtual arcade cabinets around.Calmed down. Played Centipede. Got addicted. Went to change trousers.Checked out Atari 2600 section. Drank pint of water in excitement at seeing you could spin the original game boxes around.. AND READ THE MANUALS.. P*ssed myself again.Played Tempest on the 2600. Was amazed at how much tweaking you can do to the controls, and the entire general slick presentation of the package.Came to wright this review, and rehydrate. Based on what I've seen and played so far, would wholly recommend. Well done Atari.One thing though guys... No ET?"
,Recommended,400020,24068183,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,TheRealCelticBatman,"Party like its 1979.  Especially when it is on sale for 50% off or better.6/10 for the nostalgia, as many of these games don't hold up over time.  A few are classics though...  buy it for those."
,Recommended,400020,24168631,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Pinballwiz45b,"I still despise Atari for their actions against Jeff Minter and TxK (seriously, you and Jeff would make a good partnership, given the correct circumstances. TxK really should be out on Steam by now, especially after the lack of quality games by Atari as of recent.).But this, Atari Vault, is a very nice compilation of classic games regardless. Used to play the old collection on the PS1, but the controller made it hard for me sometimes. Using a mouse here probably is more comfortable, especially on games like Tempest, Centipede, and Super Breakout. (Shame that Battlezone didn't make it, but oh well.)Worth getting during a sale."
76561198010148066,Recommended,400020,22034438,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,nerikull,"Thank you, Atari and Steam, for bringing back my childhood! I'm very happy to see so many of my old faves here for me to play again and again. Granted, it takes a bit to get used to other controls, but that aside, it's just great to get back to where it all started for me, and countless others of my generation. I know that I'm going to waste far too many hours on this one!"
,Recommended,400020,23274080,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,[APG]RoboCop[CL],"Pros:->> Multiplayer support>> Contains over 60 Atari 2600 games>> 20 of to your favourite Arcade based games from Atari included>> Easy-to-use GUI and menus>> Auto save-state for when you need to take a interval breakCons:->> Battlezone is NOT included on both Arcade and 2600>> Archives appears not to be included>> No Atari 5200 or 7800 games included>> No options to play as Standard or Enhanced modeThis game may not match like Digital Eclipse's Atari Anthology or Atari - 80 Classic Games in One, as they include Battlezone and some of Nolan Bushnell's video archives etc. But the multiplayer support and Steam Achievements are not bad for this game."
76561198030728498,Recommended,400020,22034451,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,tax1913,Atari Vault is definitely worth the USD 16.99 price for the game (sale ends 3-31-2016).  Missile Command is my favorite game along with Asteroids as a close second and Milipede as a third choice.  It definitely brings back my pleasant nostalgic memories of my own Atari 2600 and the old school arcade games of the 1970s & 1980s.
,Not Recommended,400020,32810219,Posted: 26 June,all,RichardPlaysStuff,"This is not a bad collection but the biggest problem is how inconsistent the controls are. It didn't want to pick up my arcade stick so I settled with my controller. Some games force me to use d-pad only, some analog stick only. There's also the fact that because all of the arcade games have largely different control schemes (stick, buttons only, track ball, dials), it doesn't translate well to the controller. Sensitivity is inconsistent because of this too and it's annoying to change it every time you want to change games. I wish they could've just redid it to compensate for controllers or have options for the different control schemes to make it more bearable.If they fix these issues, I would happily recommend. At the moment, I really can't."
,Recommended,400020,24903161,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,TRIO,I love it! My favorite games from the Atari company. Important note is that this only includes games that Atari owns the rights to and includes no 3rd party games like Pac-Man. But it still includes a lot of Retro Classics!
,Recommended,400020,22131607,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Hyperchaotic,"Awesome and big compilation of really old games. Highly recommended for oldschool lovers and collectors. Main con is bad porting, some games contain bugs and crashes. Hope devs will fix it.Some people cry like ""WHY *GAME TITLE* ISN'T IN THIS COMPILATION"". Stop. It's ATARI vault. Not Namco Vault or Capcom Vault. Some of games and rights are still owned by other companies. So developers just can't add them."
76561198005330043,Recommended,400020,22030728,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,analogkid281,Excellent collection of 2600 titles as owned by Atari. The arcade titles feel limited but are spot on in quality. Also to play Red Baron and Asteroids in this condition is a dream.  It appears to have some homebrew since one 2600 game dated to 89. Combat is awesome in multiplayer online. I am planning on getting a steam controller to find out how well arcade Centipede works. But as far as the emulation goes this is top notch. It s about the same as the Atari collection on the Ipad but with multi controller support and other features it is a great improvement. I will choose this over mame anyday.
,Recommended,400020,23760683,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Croy,Some real classics smashed in between a bunch of stinkers.
76561197989849604,Recommended,400020,25276204,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Edgar Wong Poe,"If I knew that Skiing, Pac Man, and Space Invaders weren't included, I would not have purchased the Atari Vault, other than that Atari Vault is pretty spot on when it comes to nostalgia, gameplay and overall recreation of the old Atari home system. Any one born just after 1970 should still have these games in a drawer somewhere. If you are a millenium you may, be it a small chance, enjoy these old time pixel games that ignighted a video game revolution that still persists to this day. So to say wether or not I give this game a good rating, the answer is Yes."
,Recommended,400020,22032499,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Reinhard von Lohengramm,"Fun collection made even better if you own a Steam Controller - there are profiles for every game so it selects paddle mode automatically when needed (use clockwise, counterclockwise movement on pad).   I forgot how poor Atari 2600 graphics were, but the arcade versions are still a blast to play/look nice, plus some of the Atari 2600 games are still very enjoyable like Yars Revenge and Adventure."
76561197976190874,Recommended,400020,22035088,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Rav3n,It's the old arcade at its best…only thing missing is the stack of quarters
76561198133251638,Recommended,400020,28653704,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Larry_Nesko,"I used to think that the only thing I was missing in my life was the love of a good woman.It turns out I was really just missing my old Atari 2600.Seriously, this game has already given me multiple nostalgia-gasms.  The arcade version of Asteroids alone is nearly worth the price."
,Recommended,400020,22987193,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Darkendone,Its so nice that this collection is back out again and one Steam.  I was lucky enough to grow up during the time these games were at the hight of their popularity.  It nice to revisit memories and have the opportunity to play mulitplayer against my friends or fiends as the case may be.
76561198196781194,Recommended,400020,34648383,Posted: 31 August,all,TrumpIsARacist,"This is really fun, yes this compilation does include the bad games made by Atari, but there are classics in this bundle. Being able to play Pong using the mouse as the paddle is so much fun. It beats having to buy an old Pong console, get an old TV, connect it with the screws in the back (remember those) and hope it still works. This digital copy will last forever. For $10, even cheaper when it's on sale, this is a pretty big bargain. I can't wait to try more of these games. I only wish this compilation included E.T. and Pac-Man, but of course: licensing issues."
76561198165048222,Not Recommended,400020,28392596,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,quizzler,"My experience with Atari Vault is that the games which use trackball do not track correctly.  Tempest is one game where I've seen this, apparent slippage in the tracking which results in delayed movement, or no movement even though I'm moving the ball.  Also, I'd like to see the tracking made reversable between positive and negative movement on horizontal and vertical plains, once the tracking accuracy issue is resolved.  Thank you."
76561198082131518,Recommended,400020,25413748,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,40rottweiler,"Very good compilation of games, but could use a few more. Would be awesome if Atari could work with some other rights holders to make an expansion pack including other famous games from the 70s/80s that they didn't publish/develope themselves.I only have 2 gripes. My favorite of all, Warlords seems to be majorly glitched. I can't even play the game it's so bad. I will start, and no matter which corner I choose, the computer players just don't respond... so I'm essentially playing a multiplayer game solo. The weird thing is when I hold down the action button to hold the fireball, if the fireball is on a computer shield, the computer shield will hold it, like I'm somehow controlling the computer players. It makes no sense and I don't know how they could have screwed up the game so badly. It also sucks that there's no forums for this game, so I doubt this will ever get fixed, unless another player can give me a fix/workaround?2nd problem is that, while the game includes multiplayer...every single time I've tried multiplayer, there are literally 0 other players on. And I try a bunch of the games. What good is multiplayer if nobody is using it? I know this isn't a game problem, it's a community problem, but still. Maybe I'm just trying on the wrong days/times? (I've tried weekdays/weekends+afternoon/night, really don't think the bulk would be playing mornings...) The game isn't even that old, so it's weird there isn't anybody in multiplayer. I want some good competition, but can't get it. I'd like to play competitively in Warlords, but there's nobody to play against and the game itself is broken lol.Despite all that, I will still recommend the game. Just be warned that one of the best games included is majorly glitched (to my knowledge the other 99 are fine), and if you are looking for a large multiplayer community, sadly this isn't the place. The menus and 3D cabinets/game boxes are all great to look at (some are a bit blurry), and there's a lot of promotional pieces from each game's heyday thrown in to check out as well which is really cool. There's good customization for each game, and the main menu has a nice, catchy electronic tune.If you are really into retro games, it's a great buy (moreso for the arcade games than Atari 2600), but if you only have passing interest, I'd say wait for a sale."
,Recommended,400020,22852337,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Tempest,"I purchased Atari Vault only for the arcade games.  The initial release was unplayable, but there have been two major updates that have improved the product greatly.  Any reviews prior to update 1.0.2 are obsolete.For Missile Command and Millipede, there is still a significant issue with the trackball control in that if you roll the trackball fast and let go, the object that you are controlling with the trackball will sail too far resulting in imprecise control.    I have tried to change the settings for the mouse in Windows 10 OS to a slower movement, but this did not help.  There is a ""follow mouse"" option, which annoyingly shows the image of the cursor, and is therefore worthless.Fortunately, the trackball works fine as a surrogate spinner in Tempest, Pong, and Super Breakout.  Tempest has a cheat mode that allows the game to start at any bonus level without the need to earn the level, just like in Atari Anniversary.The games that use only buttons, including Asteroids, Asteroids Deluxe, Space Duel, and Gravitar, are perfect as far as I can tell.  Asteroids Deluxe even has the option to hide the background.There are other emulators, such as Atari Anniversary, Atari 80 Classic Games in One, and others, that for the most part handle the trackball issue better than Atari Vault, although Missile Command in Atari Anniversary moves the site in a diamond when you move the trackball in a circle.The developer is very responsive to feedback and is courteous.  Issues with the trackball notwithstanding, I still highly recommend Atari Vault, because Tempest, Asteroids, Asteroids Deluxe, Space Duel, Gravitar, and Black Widow are awesome and work perfectly or essentially perfectly, the developer is committed to Atari Vault, and because most of the other emulators will not work on Windows 10.  Hopefully with enough support, this fine developer will bring more Atari games and perhaps arcade games from other companies to Steam.I love the music in the intro.I nominated this game for the ""test of time"" award.  Unfortunately it has been some time since the developer has posted."
76561197970515000,Recommended,400020,23539565,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,The Lethal N.C.,"Nic Reviews #2:This is a really fun game, dont get me wrong. But it has some problems that are evident.1. too many dud games.    there is just way to much junky games, and not enough fun games, or arcade ports. Atari shouldve talked to Namco or Midway, and try to get some of there 2600 and Arcade ports onto here.2. there are not 100 games here. over 30 of the games are ports of the arcade versions of the games. so your getting 2 centipeds, asteroids, missile command, and others. so whne u buy this, keep in mind that yr not getting 100 games.3. The ""Museum"" part of this doesnt wokr very well. In this game, u can look at the manual and stuff, or promotional stuff. well, when u try to look at a manual, it barely works, getting broken up, and is hard to read.other than that, this is a really fun compilation of games. if u want an arcade fix at home on steam, this is what u should get it."
,Not Recommended,400020,23834399,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,RageSteel,"Just bought this and skimmed through some of the old classics - man the Atari 2600 sucks...really wish there were more coin games in this collection.$20 is NOT WORTH the price, and the $9.99 sale is pushing it...unless you REALLLLY want these old games, you're not missing much - $4.99 is what I'd reommend as the price"
76561198053422627,Not Recommended,400020,22108620,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Zaxtor99 ® YouTube,"While the job that the developers have done is very admirable in bringing back authentic replica versions of every arcade and Atari 2600 console game in this collection, for me.. a kid who grew up loving these games..All of these games have aged considerebly since I loved them so much back in the early 80's.  For almost every game here, there are probably dozens of games that do it better in every way for FREE available online.If you are wanting to buy this to try and re-create all the fun and joy you remember having playing these games back in the 80's, like I was hoping for.. you might feel disappointed.  However, if you go in understanding that this collection will really only hold a significant value as ""nostalgia"", then it might be worth the price.I used to be a Missile Command and Arcade Asteroids fan back in the day.. but this collection while true to the original games just didn't have anywhere near the same appeal today.  This collection was a refund for me, with the possibility of picking it up again if it goes on sale at 50% to 80% off.. should that ever happen.Hope this helps someone make a choice while not making too many people shy away from a purchase.  ..Remember that you always have 2 weeks and 2 full hours of game time to refund this collection if you decide the value isn't there, just like I did."
,Recommended,400020,29862309,Posted: 11 February,all,ThomasTheRiolu,"Truly one of the greatest gifts you can give to a video game historian or someone who's just interested in retro gaming. This is a compilation of Atari arcade games including Asteroids, Centipede, and Missile Command and Atari 2600 games including Adventure, Combat, and Yars' Revenge. The selection of games Code Mystics chose for the game is amazing, even though the compilation is missing my favorite retro Atari game, Food Fight (Which I guess is kind of an unpopular opinion). Oh well, the literal ONE HUNDRED Atari games included in this package makes up more than enough for it. So I did the math and it turns out that since the package is $20.00 and there are 100 games in it, you'd be paying $0.20 for each game. Wow, talk about a bargain. Anyway, every game in here is remastered with different graphics and/or sound effects, most likely to incorporate the online play feature. No, your eyes are not deceiving you. I said online play. (Too bad literally no one I know owns this game.) Though since some games have different aesthetics, when I play games I grew up with like Black Widow and Red Baron with different sound effects instead of the nostalgic sound effects, it's just not the same. But they're still really, really enjoyable. And now for the biggest gripe with arcade compilations: The trackball execution. Since the mouse can be used as the trackball, it works really well. Now I can finally play Crystal Castles the way it was intended without going at the speed of light due to how fast you move with the Xbox 360 controller left stick. And even if there's a couple of games in the compilation you dislike, there's bound to be at least half of the games in the compilation that you enjoy. Really, buy it now as a gift or for yourself."
,Recommended,400020,33088683,Posted: 1 July,all,RoberTime,"I never grew up with an Atari 2600, but I did grow up with an 80-game disc with the same games I got out of a cereal box. I got this Steam version of the compilation because I couldn't play the disc anymore, and this is a great, vast mix of 100 very old 2600 and Arcade games to play and waste time on.It should be noted down that most of these games are very small and short. Some games require two players to play on, some require instructions outside of booting up the game, and even some can be unplayable like having immaculate and unforgiving AI. But overall, these games are highly minimalist and are very fun to play given they appear highly authentic with all the beeps and bloops to go with it.Other features include manuals to read through for each game so that you get an idea of what to expect when jumping into one of these games. As well as a gallery and 3D-rendered arcade cabinets and game boxes. The game also has support for USB gamepads, but it's mainly for Xbox controllers, and perhaps the Steam controller (I don't have one so I don't know *shrug*This compilation of games is excellent for people who enjoy the older days of video-gaming or want to enjoy the staple of games in their bit-blocky, beep-bloopy states. It's about $10 for 100 small games and all kinds of bonus material, which is a good value. Again, not all games can be playable (Like about 5-10 of them).I give this compilation 7/10"
,Recommended,400020,33660860,Posted: 19 July,all,Ben McLean,This has some actual Atari ROMs which you can extract and play on your own emulator(s) if you want. Buy it.
76561198347917776,Recommended,400020,28095836,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Katkins,"Great collection of retro Atari games in one place. Purchased on special offer so a sweeter deal. Using Keyboard or mouse so no extra expense. My favourites so far are Asteriods, Breakout, Centipede, Fatal Run, Millipede, Radar Lock, Sentinel, Space Duel and Street Racer. Some creative content too which makes it an all round treat."
76561197992859373,Not Recommended,400020,23898668,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,DaveDahl,"I am an old school kind of guy. I bought the Atari Vault for one reason and one reason only: to play Centipede.  While I am sure the game is using the original programming it doesn't work very well with either a game controller, mouse, or trackball (which is my preferred method of control for this game).My character keeps moving after I've completely stopped the trackball. This is different than the arcade unit where the shooter would stop immediately and makes it almost impossible to achieve the level of accuracy needed to play the game well.I implore the developers to fix this and allow the game to be played as it was intended."
,Recommended,400020,22030586,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,burgethebeardedwonder,Awesome retro fun.  Yes there are a few games missing that would have been awesome but this is still a great and varied collection of retro gaming gold.  It would also be nice for the arcade games to have VR support due to the vector graphics.  It would like being in an 80's sci fi flick.
76561198364242453,Not Recommended,400020,34227565,Posted: 13 August,all,Borak Steinberg,A lot of the arcade games in the collection originally utilized paddle/wheel interaction  -  a standard controller makes it unenjoyable to play most of these games.
,Recommended,400020,22257025,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,somebody336,"Atari Vault is a collection of over 100 Arcade and Atari 2600 ranging from sports to blowing up asteroids in space. With this massive selection of games to choose from you will likely spent hours just trying all the games and staring at the included scans of the box art, arcade machine or cartridge for each title. It is both a love letter to those that loved the old Atari company and a great introduction to games of the past in one convenient package. These are quite clearly decade old games with no graphical improvements whatsoever so they will obviously look outdated and the only addition to the graphical presentation are some nifty borders unique to each game. The biggest feature to this collection of games is the ability to use controllers for each game and have custom bindings on a game per game basis which really helps keep you playing as you can fine tune to your liking and never worry about it again.Most of the games had optimal controller bindings but games like Brickout or Warlords that require a paddle simply do not play well on a controller and makes precise movements much harder. Along with the controller you can use either mouse or keyboard which can also be rebinded however you please. For games that were originally for the paddle using the mouse is really the only way to properly play them if you plan on being any good at them. Now highscores have much more reach than bragging in your local arcades hangout as each game has their own leaderboards to compete against your friends or people around the world. The second biggest feature of this compilation is the ability to play with your friends or random people online though I was sadly unable to use this feature over the course of four days testing as no one plays online. You can be the host and try to set up a match while still being able to play games which is nice but without a community it is kind of pointless. Hopefully it gathers a following in the future but if you are looking for online play you will need to find a friend with this title as of now.While the games themselves have no improvements I was pleasantly surprised to see the Atari Vault running at 2560x1440p @ 165hz. It makes little to no real difference in the games but it's always nice to have it running at your monitors native resolution and not locked at 1080p 30fps like so many modern games. With Arcade games you can change the lives, difficulty and various other factors while the Atari 2600 games require you to first boot up the game before being able to change anything. It's a nifty little selection screen that is a far better alternative than getting up, flicking the “game select” switch on the console and wondering just what it did if you no longer had a manual. For those that don't know, most Atari 2600 games had multiple modifications to the core gameplay that you could choose from in order to keep the game from getting stale. It also retains the Atari 2600's feature of being able to choose whether to display in color or in black and white if you so choose.100 games is quite a lot of content no doubt but keep in mind that these are very old games where the point of them is to play for fun or for the highscore. It is primitive compared to today's games and most don't even have music, only bleeps and bloops. With that out the way they are still as fun to play now as they were back then. Even without the realistic graphics and captivating soundtracks of modern games there is still something immensely charming about a pure focus on gameplay and sound effects so primitive that you can't help but kick back and relax. These are the type of games you'd play when you are short on time and want some quick fun. Get in intense dogfights in the Red Baron, continue to suck at Centipede and out drive bandits in Fatal Run all before work or school. With 97 more games to try out and plenty of them having different modifiers to the gameplay you’re bound to find a couple of games that will have you hooked and wanting to make your way up the leaderboard. Atari Vault is definitely a must buy title if you have fond memories of playing Atari's 2600 console or arcade machines and a perfect title for those wondering what gaming was like back then."
,Recommended,400020,22294404,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Parallax Abstraction,"I also covered this package on YouTube:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=evjBo_WCZ6wWhether or not you're going to be into Atari Vault comes principally down to your personal taste in retro games. If you want to experience some of the oldest entries in the Atari arcade and 2600 catalogues, you've come to the right place. If you want to experience what many consider the best games on those two platforms, maybe not so much.The package of Atari Vault itself is largely excellent. Code Mystics specialises in bringing retro games to modern systems and they did a great job here. The emulation is excellent, the presentation of the menus and the bezel artwork is well done and there are a bunch of visual historical extras you can look at, though the scan quality varies. All the games that support two players have full local multiplayer capabilities and to my great surprise, online play! I have no idea how well it works as I unfortunately couldn't find any games. The arcade titles also have online leaderboards which is a very nice value add.The controller support is a bit of a let down. Controllers are indeed supported and you can remap the buttons to boot but navigating the menus with a controller is clumsy and unintuitive and there's really no reason for it. You'll often find yourself getting frustrated trying to figure out how to get them to pick the thing you want. For a collection that begs to be played on a TV, this is kind of ridiculous. This can definitely be patched and I hope it is.As for the games, they're some of Atari's oldest offerings. Many of the arcade games are vector based and look quite good, plus Code Mystics added some options to adjust the vector display intensity. Some true classics like Tempest, Major Havoc, Asteroids, Crystal Castles and more are in this lineup and they play quite well for the most part. This is the part that really impressed me. The Atari 2600 line is decidedly more of a let down for me. There's some gems in there like Yar's Revenge but to me, most of the best 2600 games came from third parties like Activision and this being an Atari published package, you aren't going to find those here. Many first party Atari 2600 games haven't aged well at all and if you really are gushing with nostalgia for them, you'll find them pretty rough to play and largely uninteresting.Overall, this is a very nicely put together package that's had more effort put into it than many others. Whether or not you like the games on offer is going to be down to what you like so take a look at the list first and make sure it's what you want before putting down money. If you are into those games though, there's no better way to play them."
76561198039854183,Recommended,400020,27581850,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Mynock42,"I have this collection on a few different platforms and I really enjoy coming back to it. I get hooked on Missile Command, my favourite game of all time, I get frustrated with trying to land capsules on the moon, and I go hunting for the first game easter egg in Adventure. Overall this is worth a buy because it has so many games to play and is perfect if you need a five minute time user, or you want hours of adventure."
76561198290692487,Recommended,400020,32906616,Posted: 27 June,all,kyledoormansands,"This is a FANTASTIC collection... tho i hope they will add dlc, as in the ACTIVISION GAMES you could buy for your Atari Console... plus its missing my number one favourout Atari game,, SPACE INVADERS, also where is Pac Man ??"
,Recommended,400020,31375559,Posted: 26 April,all,Garce,"Activision. I KNOW its hard, but stop being a wuss for five minutes and release Pitfall and Demon Attack. Other than that - this is an AMAZING collection of games.I am old - yes - and I had most of these games when I was a kid. But these are hard games. Games that men played back when balls were hairy. Games that wanted to suck the quarters out of your mother's private places.You will die here. But you won't have to pay 25 cents to do it. Just buy the darned collection. I would pay the $10 just for Missile Command and Tempest.And this collection STILL has the best Tennis game on Steam. 100 out of 10. Have bought it since 1979 - and I will buy it again. And again. And again..."
,Recommended,400020,29234711,Posted: 13 January,all,billford123,"really good. new updates fixed the vector graphic crashes I was getting in Win 10. If you like retro, this is way to go. Better than the xbox/ps4 version where you have to buy 2 discs, have to swap to play. Would love it if they did MORE. Why not a 7800 batch, or allow integration with a trackball (centipede/missle). But love it. Now lets get an Activision Vault!!!! (or better yet, Intellivision. OR IMAGIC!!!!)"
76561198291932711,Recommended,400020,24002743,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,linxburn,"As a collection, this works really well. I am not judging atari vault's games, I am reviewing it as a collection. When you are using a controller. It varies from game to game weather you're using a D-pad or analog. Which is wierd sense the Atari 2600 had a joystick, it should've been you can use whichever method of control.it can easily be fixed in a patch tho. I'll never forget getting high with my friends and playing 'Basic Math' on Atari 2600."
76561198212761232,Recommended,400020,22609637,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Josiah,Very fun if you like these kind of games. I do think they could add more games to the library.(E.T). I love the leaderboard feature. It makes the gameplay much more competitive as youtry to climb up the world leaderboards.10/10 would smash my keyboard on centipede again.
,Recommended,400020,22612335,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,jhale1966,"I have got to say that this collection brings back a LOT of memories. :) I used to own an Atari 2600 and had over 50 carts for it and some of my favorites were Combat, Yar's Revenge, Adventure, etc. I picked up this collection for iPad and Android as well but the Steam version is REALLY nice to be able to play on my 32'' TV. If you're an old school gamer, you will NOT be disappointed! :)"
,Not Recommended,400020,26610248,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Theospeak1,"This could have been an amazing purchase with just a few tweaks.  Unfortunately many of the best titles are unplayable on my system.  For some reason the video on my system renders the ""line' based arcade games as a series of groups of intersecting hash marks, rather than as understandable objects - Asteroids, Lunar Lander, etc.  Also, I'm shocked by the titles which are ~not~ included in this package, many of my favorites:  Space Invaders, River Raid, Pitfall, Indiana Jones (to name just a few).  I'm surprised a title so recent would have video problems like this.  And the game selection is a missed opportunity."
76561198159500317,Recommended,400020,33362166,Posted: 7 July,all,Tuneuhh,I really enjoy it old games are just great even today.I do wish multiplayer would work.
,Not Recommended,400020,35310977,Posted: 29 September,all,[3xi7],Only worth it for a nostalgia trip. A lot of these games haven't aged well. You'd think it would be good value for all the games you get but most aren't on par with modern flash games.
,Recommended,400020,25502815,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,Superpan21,Have you played Atari today?
76561198241405788,Recommended,400020,34263285,Posted: 15 August,all,wooldozer,this game brings you back to the simplier time.
76561198103738020,Recommended,400020,33146982,Posted: 2 July,all,socaljazzdude,"Atari Valut has most of the classics that I grew up with in the 80's.  These are all great classic games for any Gen Xer to enjoy, and also makes a great history lesson for the younger kids to enjoy simple games that didn't require you to devote your entire life to.  Combined with using Steam Link, it's almost like having the old Atari 2600 connected to the TV again.  Great fun!!!"
76561198088385144,Recommended,400020,24450659,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Mr_Marvelous_Matt,"The best Atari compilation to date! The emulation is smooth, the controls are good, the games play great and the game selection is really good. The only problem is that there's no Battlezone but then again, Rebellion bought the rights to Battlezone so Atari can't use the IP anymore (which probably explains why Sprint 2 is in there instead). Overall, this game is definately worth the $20 I've spent on it and you should definately get it if it's on sale."
,Recommended,400020,31110995,Posted: 12 April,all,DriftMachine,If only they added fantastic Voyage to the list it would be perfect.
,Recommended,400020,32972201,Posted: 28 June,all,MRCH0MPY,"I usually don't go any further back than the NES, but I am a sucker for collection games.Pros:-It's got that sweet Combat game.Cons:-Sometimes you are forced to use the d-pad other times the analog stick, instead of just having both options available to you on every game."
,Recommended,400020,32704619,Posted: 23 June,all,<ERROR NAME>,I got it on sale so it was about 3 cents per game
76561198271073052,Recommended,400020,24748719,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,blackwolfforge,Atari Vault is awesome! All the games I remember from my youth. Now all I need to do is find a decent trackball and all the cans of Jolt Cola I left in my parents basement and I will be in business.
,Not Recommended,400020,28660992,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,[☠] Pirate,"Some great ideas done not-so-great (eg included manuals, but at a very low resolution), and a lot of missed opportunity as a PC game (eg controls that aren't designed around an Xbox controller). For the content available, it might be worth a few bucks, but as a product alone, I'm left wanting."
76561198352154442,Not Recommended,400020,28479819,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,mark.a.cichowski,Lots of games that I would have expected to be included that weren't. Many hard to control with a keyboard and mouse. Was looking for the nice front end to make it easier for kids but the play lets it down.Better to download emulator and more relevant games for free.
,Recommended,400020,22034536,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Mini Wing Wong,Love it. Fun and retro and really give a blast from the past. Only have 2 complaints. One is that the sesitivity is way too high and I don't see a way to lower it. The other is that it gives n0o keyboard controls so it's quite difficult to figure out keyboard controls on your own
,Not Recommended,400020,22130162,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,TacoTimeMachine,Poor emulation. Unable to adjust to native resolutions. A half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥attempt of a port. Don't buy it until its fixed. No reason a game should release this broken.
,Recommended,400020,24099405,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,(LT1)Baphy416,Love it :D best version of crystal castles ive found so far that plays like the real cab :) also finnaly being able to play tempest is nice :D
,Recommended,400020,22285501,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,GasMask,"A must-buy for serious game collectors. Cabinets, Art, Box, Flyers. Everything included!"
76561198077240087,Recommended,400020,22034611,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,RoboticShadows,An amazing compilation of games from an amazing time of gaming! Totally worth the money to get this! Thanks Atari!
76561198092801903,Recommended,400020,22033467,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,PUMPKIN,"Never got to play many, if any, of the original Atari games in their original forms. I am enjoying them a lot."
,Recommended,400020,24382635,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Da Killah Genius,Full of the classics
,Not Recommended,400020,22151846,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Mr. Nibbles The Tech Kaiju,"TLDR; Poor selection, weird glitches, and lack of compelling features make this one a meh. Full steam controller support is nice, though.First, almost all of the 2600 games are shovelware while most of the ones you hope for are missing due to licensing. You don't get River Raid, but you do get... Concentration. Yay.The nice part is that every game comes with the original manual/flyer. It's really awesome to look over this classic stuff. You can also look at the full boxes for the 2600 games and the cabinets for the arcade titles. The manuals for the 2600 games are especially important, as you'll have to read most of them before playing the game. They might be simple, but they are NOT intuitive.But that little bit aside, it's a disappointing collection. Weird resolution options, game glitches, and lack of display options hold it back. It does keep things at the right ratio by including nice bezel art, but why the lack of screen filters? Why make me select the options for the 2600 at a menu instead of flipping switches on a 2600 itself? That would have been an awesome touch!"
76561197972379700,Not Recommended,400020,32941786,Posted: 28 June,all,Datan0de,"The Mac version doesn't work. It launches and just displays a black screen while eating up memory and CPU cycles.I really wanted to love this and support the content creators, but it's shameful that all of these games run great in emulation but the official paid version doesn't even launch properly.I'll update this review if I can get it working. Otherwise I'll be getting a refund and going back to MAME and Stella."
76561198383180004,Recommended,400020,33061548,Posted: 30 June,all,Zombillion,I absolutly hate this package that I practically spent no money on whatsoever.1. The graphics are horrible2. The sound is like an animal dying3. There is no tutorial on ANY of the games...ITS PERFECT!!! Thanks Atari :3
,Not Recommended,400020,22124526,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Chase,"It's an okay game, if you really enjoyed Atari when it was in it's prime and want to relive it, you should get this. But, in my opinion it isn't worth the money I spent."
,Recommended,400020,23203658,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,Peace.,Old Atari games for both arcade and 2600. What more could you want?Buy this and you will never experience video games the same way again.
76561198173804610,Not Recommended,400020,22114463,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,PixelAustin,"This game looks fun and all, but it doesn't work. When I try to open the game, a error screen comes up saying the error is in a folder that doesn't even exist... If anyone knows how to fix this, help. I see good reviews on this game, so something has to be up..."
,Recommended,400020,22033301,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,BillyTheKid,"For under 20 I like it missile command is one of my old Atari favorites. I would like all the old console games from Atari, Coleco Vision and Nintendo on my PC and the computer is the best simulator ever fact! What kid did not love Atari come on computers can do everything awesome. The mouse controls changed after a patch and lag affecting my game play but it must be more difficult for everyone so again nice classic. The mouse controls were way better when it was first realeased."
76561198163234935,Recommended,400020,22787990,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,El Luchardo,"This is an amazing game that put's you right back into the seventies and eighties. I think that the graphics are pretty good, and the resolution is great considering that these games are from 30-40 years ago.However, with a hefty price, I do wish that they included more classic games :(.All in all, I give this game a solid 8/10Good job Atari!"
76561198123412837,Recommended,400020,22040793,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,python4161 4K,"With all the classic Atari arcade machines and 2600 games, how can anyone not recommend this and it will run on all PCs. well roughly 98% of PCs. If you want to get the classic game vibe in your life, then you'll want to play this. 10/10"
,Recommended,400020,22154487,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Carl Spackler,"So where's Kaboom, Solaris, and a slew of other games. I assume they will eventually add some more.It's still fun and makes the games look great."
76561197970383618,Recommended,400020,22242159,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Griff38,"Changed from ""Not Recommended"" to ""Excellent"".This collection is fantastic.It started off extremely rough, the pre-patch version was horrible.,But the developers picked it up, addressed the issues and are still very active on the forums.The Atari Arcade Vector games are fantastic, Asteroids and it's brothers are picture perfect,control great and the various graphic options are a nice addition.My biggest complaint were the issues with the trackball games, inparticular, Millipede and Centipede, both control fine now.Well worth the investment, my hats off to the developement team, great job fixing this!And yes, the Warren Robinette easter egg is still there :)If you're a fan of the classics, I highly recommend this!"
76561198104193693,Recommended,400020,22038749,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,gui1e46,"If you like retro games then you'll enjoy this.If not, then steer well clear. Nuff said."
76561197983369120,Recommended,400020,33299602,Posted: 5 July,all,jpnole,"It's 1981.... I am 7 years old, sitting on my knees on the floor, 3 feet away from the TV playing Atari."
76561198021799422,Recommended,400020,22683573,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,M16 5.56 NATO,"If you love playing some of the old classics then this is the game to buy. A great choice for old school gamers like myself, brings back many fond memories of some of the old games I used to play in the arcades and on my old Atari 2600."
,Recommended,400020,22063642,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Shada Wolf,"Simply awesome a collection of the games I grew up with, time to relive my childhood."
,Recommended,400020,22064082,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,NighthawkBNE,"Deflinitely one for those with the nostaliga of gaming in the 80's.  The claim of 100 games is a little loose, but that said still good value for money.A lot of the games port well to the PC and the controller (I think a game controller is pretty much a must have), but unfortunately a few port very badly.Back in the day you had analogue controllers with dials on them to adjust bat position in games like pong and breakout.  Unfortunately this doesn't translate well to a modern controller and the speed sensitivity is terrible.  There's a few games of this style on the compilation and they fall into one of two categories, either the bat moves so slow it's unplayable, or the bat moves so fast, it's unplayable.Moving past that you'll find some true gems, a few versions of asteroids, some truly unique arcade hits like Gravitar and Black Widow as well as yes another version of asteroids called space wars (we got colours).  Classics like Crystal Castle port very well and are pretty much as addictive today as they were.So in short, do all games port well?  NO.Is there enough that it's worth the money?  YES in my opinion as I'm a fan of many of these games from the 70's and 80's.You'll need to be patient, you'll need to learn how to play the games but they're still great fun the mechanics in many of them are sound and there's something soulful in playing the predescessor to modern RPG's, Adventure."
,Recommended,400020,22069717,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,LMOrchard,"I have a Tempest and a Centipede machine in my basement. Next to them is a real Atari 2600 with many of these games. Anything I'm missing, I can play in an emulator. Even so, it's really nice to have all these games wrapped up in a nice package.Still, this package could use some work yet. I have a Steam Controller, and this takes great advantage of it: Every game within the vault has its own tab in the controller settings, so you can customize per game.But, some of the controls are buggy. Playing Black Widow, hitting Fire Down always seems to trigger the Menu instead. Playing Tempest, I can't quite seem to get the sensitivity right when playing with a mouse.Even with the bugs, though, I don't regret buying this at all. A few tweaks, and this is perfect!"
,Recommended,400020,22077371,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,AngelWorks,"Someone wrote a review that its only Atari 2600 games - not true. I'm not sure where they even got this from as when you first launch it the default is to browse about 25 or so custom/classic Atari arcade games. They are great and play just like the original - just need some pizza, beer and some friends :).On the 2600 games - I admit I never was a huge fan of them (even though the system came out when I was a kid) - they play as expected. Interestingly enough - the collection doesn't include ET. I guess not even Atari could stomach that one again."
,Recommended,400020,22077564,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,!FT!Marauder - In-Game - LIFE,"Only a few minutes in.  So far so good. Everything I tried has run and feels like the original. Amazing they've still got the code all these years later. Emulated or redone?I would have loved a ""History"" tab for each game. The year it came out, who wrote it, advertistment pictures. some interesting facts about the development etc. That interests me more than the games themselves."
,Recommended,400020,22078366,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Gin_Rummy_420,this is sick i am a teenager and i have always wanted to play the classics like adventure and asteroids just feels great to play these sick games i hope they add space invaders doe
76561198089438967,Recommended,400020,22083948,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Pizza Hut,They included 'Basic Math' in this bundle.10/10
76561198046434571,Recommended,400020,22084925,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Purple Tentacle,"Most of the other Atari collections have come up short, but this one seems to be comprehensive, and done with attention to detail. For instance, you select the different games by rotating through a lineup of either the arcade cabinets or video game boxes, both being historically accurate. There's also included scans of the instructions, and nice touches like being able to select between a modern options menu, and one that looks like the Atari 2600 switches (nice bit of nostalgia).If there's any downside, it's that this doesn't really capture the range & quality of the Atari 2600 library, but in all fairness, that's due to the fact that these are all games made by Atari, rather than 3rd party licensed games like ones from Activision (which was an *entirely* different kind of company back then). I'm obviously not faulting them for this, but I am naturally inclined to want to play those games now. That said, the game selection is really the best that Atari had to offer, and it's a fantastic lineup.It was easy to get sucked in by the gameplay of classic arcade titles such as Centapede & Asteroids. It goes to show the appeal that action-arcade games had back in the 70's & 80's of very short, but fast paced intensity that uses a risk vs. reward system to encourage your skill level to determine your score. Speaking of which, there are leaderboards, both local & worldwide, so you can see how terrible your skills of deterriated from age... Or maybe that's just me. Either way, this is a collection heavy on the nostalgia put together in a nice package. Worth picking up!"
,Recommended,400020,22086289,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Khan,"Man, this pack is so awesome! If you ever played on an Atari or some of those old arcade games you have to get this pack. The feels hit you right in the childhood and makes you smile trying to remember how to play them all. So many games and just such a joy to venture down memory lane again. Highly recommend for anyone!"
76561197970414679,Recommended,400020,22116276,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,WJAS,I hope they do a pass ~ eventually ~Releasing all of atari's generations pc/consoles hit gamesLet alone more arcade games like kangaroo & fire foxarabian & etchttps://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Category:Atari_arcade_games
,Recommended,400020,22150267,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,IONEN578,First off some of these games dont work at all. but if you grew up with atari or looking to play retro games this is pretty cool. My game gets lag when the menu and everything pops up but the actaul games work fine. Ummmm id say 5/10. It lacks alot of better games for example Berzerk which is my favorite on the actual Atari 2600. Id say buy it if you are into these kinds of games.
76561198127495278,Recommended,400020,22189250,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,stickbwarf,A very cheap way to play over 100 atari 2600 games
,Recommended,400020,22194817,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Skulking,"If you loved the old arcades (you're over 40!) then this is great because of the simplicity of Steam integration - no more messing with malware-ridden emulators. However, please note that there are only 18 proper classic arcade titles - the other 82 are from the Atari 2600 which is way too basic for my tastes.The menus, layout & control config are simple & reliable, and the global hiscores are welcome.Two issues so far: there's no VSYNC or frame limiter option, which is just plain stupid, and the second time I run a game the display is shifted towards the bottom.Recommended, but only just, and then only to encourage further development. If the publisher made many more decent arcade games available within this Steam wrapper I'd happily throw money at them."
76561197975466034,Recommended,400020,22210925,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Jason's GloryHole,Works excellent on my 6 core AM3 with Windows 10 64 bit! No problems what so ever! Excellent job you guys done on converting the games. Hey is there a way you guys can also do Scarface to PC ??
76561198201808531,Recommended,400020,22070602,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Gak,Tempest and Yar's Revenge. That's all I needed to see to buy and am so glad I did.
76561198117057025,Recommended,400020,22186958,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Rudy,first thing i tried was my atari 2600 adapter to use my original atari joystick....it didnt work...all movements were registered as up. so i had to use a 360 controller.games:pong arcade...well using the 360 controller up is down and down is up. i know thats how it was originally but at least give us the option to change it....if you use the keyboard then up is up and down is down...thats good but the sensitivity is horrible they dont allow you to change it. here is the funny part. they got a sensitivity setting for the 360 controller but no option to change up to up and down to down...but...the keyboard has the correct up and down ...but...no sensitivity setting...lolasteroids arcade...had a lot of fun with this..no issuecentipede arcade....had fun with this too...no issue.ok...so i tried the online multiplayer...i hosted a game of maze craze on the 2600.the game gives you the option of hosting the match then you can go and play other games while you wait for someone to join...thats a good feature...once someone joins it tells you if you accept...after yes you setup the settings and click start....aaaaaannnnddd...you play 1 small less than a second match and its over.no option to rematch...or keep playing with that person or chat....nothing...very mediocre multiplayer imo....a let down.im going to recomend it just for the single player games....but id wait till its 5 or 10$....
76561198018413205,Recommended,400020,22100131,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,AtariVision-2600,"Fun for the whole Family! (of 1 or 2)  :PThe good:Most Games appear to be playable. (Haven't tried them all yet)Contains the game manuals and box art for the 2600's gamesA good buy for anyone not wanting to jump through hoops to play old Atari games. (Less than 10U$D in my region, otherwise maybe wait for sale)The chosen games are fun (the ones I have tried)Able to customise keyboard and mouse controls for EACH gameThe Unknown:There is an online multiplayer function that I haven't tried, nor can I be bothered to try. It's an interesting idea and I appreciate it. But playing Atari games locally with a second player is more fun as you can laugh at each other failing at retro games and the keyboard/mouse controls (which probably don't hold a candle to the original controls like steering wheels ...)The Bad:Would be nice to offer updated graphical reimaginings of the original games as a display option, like the Atari classics collection on PSP. (not sure what it's called, but it was a solid game with good design)Apparently won't work with ""arcade controllers"" according to hardcore fan who tried to put this in an arcade cabinet.Doesn't have Battlezone. Red Baron is fun, but Battlezone is a great game that should not have been left out.No E.T. or Indiana Jones for the masochists.DLC anyone?Conclusion:It has a nice interface to choose the games from at main menu. Box arts and manuals are nice. Games are fun. Multiplayer is good idea if it works.BUY if you just want something to play while waiting for the next Hitman 2016 episode to come out, or if you're like me, spend that some that large sum of money you got from your Hitman refund when you found out about the always online DRM policy.BUY NOT if you already have a source for the original game files and you can get them running on modern or retro hardware of your choice"
76561198040330649,Recommended,400020,22117573,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Syphonius,Wow.  An awesome blast from the past and a great opportunity to introduce my kids to the games that are still crazy fun to play.  And I'm loving the inclusion of the gallery art and manuals.  Great detail.  I hope this sparks other additions or releases from other companies.  How about some Defender and Joust?My only complaint is around multi-player.  It would be great if it kept you in-game after ending.  Then you can easily play another 2-player match.  Right now we have to host and invite again for every single round.
76561198147899954,Recommended,400020,22338136,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,mikasa,"Atari Vault includes many nice vintage arcade games. This game is fun to play for me at least. I like to play simple vintage games with not too many controls, and they can be played in short stints too. It is great to have these arcade classics to play with modern computer.Quality of the conversions of these games seems really good, although I haven't played the original games. 18 original Atari arcade cabinet games included was the main reason for me to buy this game and the games of Atari 2600 are a great bonus.Arcade cabinets show up as a copy of the actual cabinet with original artwork. With Atari 2600 games there is original gameboxes and original manuals, and when you are playing a game there is original switches of Atari 2600 computer."
76561198071810844,Recommended,400020,22042983,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,rehtroboi37,"This is the best Atari colection yet-surpassing the greatest hits collections of the past.  The emulation is more accurate than previous attempts and the HD display configurations really make for a crisp look.  It's hard to go wrong with a collection of 100 games such as this.  at $20 or less.That said, I hope the following items will be patched soon:-Some of the sounds are still off, emulation wise.  My prime examples include Major Havoc, Black Widow, and on the 2600 side, Circus Atari (how you can mess up the sounds on that one, I do not know).-Trackball/paddle control.  Horribly innacurate and imprecise.  Not sure how the Steam controller works with it, but it can't be much better than the actual mouse.-Since emulators can do the controls and sounds more justice, you would think that a collection you're paying money for would be able to do them at least as well.This is still, by a wide margin ,the best compilation you're going to find on Steam, and better than any previous Atari collection yet seen.  Hopefully we'll see an Activision (2600) collection on here soon as well."
,Recommended,400020,28059656,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,c-pin,great little atari collection. bit expensive though.
76561198133854207,Recommended,400020,33186886,Posted: 3 July,all,CAPITALISM,I love the selection! Especially for an avid retro gamer like myself! Works great in conjunction with the steam controller!
,Recommended,400020,27052236,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,[TW]bad@chaos,Generally a great arcard experience. The biggest issue I have is that they state it has 100 games but really its just all 2600 ports. Since this package only licensed Atari made games there's a lot of classics that are missing so be sure to check the games list before buying.
,Recommended,400020,24174929,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Alecus,"I was not alive when the Atari was popular but these games are great. I haven't encountered any bugs. and you can adjust the game settings to your preference, which is really nice. There's already quite a few great games, but hopefully more will be added in updates! That would be awesome!"
,Recommended,400020,24340558,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Rex Draco,"Let me specify the obvious, this isn't for everyone. If you consider yourself a retro gamer, by what extent? Just because you like NES games, it doesn't mean you will like this. Atari is for those with nostalgia or with real appreciation of old school games.This compilation is quite massive. If you were to try and collect them all in real life, it would definitely be a spendy investment of both time and/or money. On paper, that makes it worth the $20. However, ask yourself before buying this an important question, how often do you actually plan to play this?While I feel majority of retro gamers prefer hard copies of the games they play since most of them are also collectors, I feel the few that don't care about having a hard copy also isn't above emulators. Illegal or not, lets not ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t around, not a single god damn person on this planet is innocent of crimes. The real question comes down to whether or not you want this for the multiplayer or you're scared of lawyers knocking on your door. We all know if you really badly wanted to play these games on your PC, you were before they were officially sold on Steam. Don't lie.While you keep all of that in mind, I will list the game's strengths and just its strengths. The truth is, there isn't a whole lot to improve. I mean, they could implement save states, but most of these games don't really call for them. We could toss ideas all day about what could have been in the game, but they ultimately don't impact the review or warrants discussion in one.Truth is, this game is probably one of the best attempts on Steam when it comes to creating a playable collection of retro games. They did everything right, there is only nitpicks to be discussed. It has online play, it has steam features like trading cards and achievements (though the achievements is dreadfully lacking), and it has as many of each game versions as it possibly can (I wouldn't be surprised it has ALL of them, I don't actually know!). If you find yourself fancy of retro gaming, especially to this extent, and have some mates that also are down to some multiplayer, this is one of the best or even the best collections to date for old school Atari games.Let me warn you though, not all the games have multiplayer in the traditional sense. I haven't tried multiplayer since I have no friends that would fall under the retro gamer category, but I'm confident a lot of them are either turn based, players look at different screens to play their own take of the game, or they don't have multiplayer at all. Some do have same time multiplayer though and are fun, so don't be too alarmed by that. However, I would have enjoyed they ""modernized"" some games to allow two players on screen with slight adjustments.*Overall, despite the limited time I've played, I've seen enough to know it's a good purchase for the right people. I do not agree with the price tag, that was beyond ambitious. It is getting a thumbs up since it's a good game and delivered near perfectly on its goal. I suggest you wait for a sale or wait until you have a friend you know will binge through all the titles with you. It has local multiplayer, so perhaps you know someone in real life that will make the price tag more worth it.I'd give it somewhere around 7 or 8 /10Pros-Possibly the largest collection of *legal* retro games I have ever seen.Online capabilitySteam CardsCons-It could have been polished even better with more modern features as optionsIt's very pricey for what it really is. A lot of these games are not worth more than 10 cents anymore, so $20 for a hundred of them is a tad too ambitious.* I did not play online, so I could be wrong about them not adjusting online gameplay to modern standards, however I speculate they didn't based on previous installments of games like this and my experience with them. Please comment if I'm right or wrong."
76561198091312147,Not Recommended,400020,22898187,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,rclegion,"Not what I was expecting and there is so many better games they could have added to this then what is currently offered , I am hoping that there is new games added in the future to make it more woth it . I would not recommend this game at this time with the current list of games offered (in my opinion) . Thanks ."
76561198081939614,Not Recommended,400020,22419189,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,Ti Lar,Somehow very much less of what I thought I would receive.
76561198293634046,Not Recommended,400020,22202665,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,rbest53,Every time I try to load the Atari Vault game it crashes. Am seriously considering requesting a full refund since Steam and/or Valve seem to think it is not necessary to have a live support page to help guide you through the process! What a shame!
,Not Recommended,400020,22205050,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,⎛҉⎝,Save Mary Does not work as well as some other games!
,Recommended,400020,22083998,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Pomegranate,Fun collection
76561198252306892,Recommended,400020,22040729,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Ryanme,"Incredible! The best way to play the Atari classics. I love that the game has arcade and 2600 versions of games, and that each game has extra content including photos of merchandise and promotional material, as well as box and cabinet designs."
,Recommended,400020,32668818,Posted: 23 June,all,joho6,"Sure the controls are not what you would expect of a PC game made today (acceleration, sensitivity etc.), but it's probably still way better controls than when these games where originally launched on their respective platforms.I just love this collection <3"
76561198025347194,Recommended,400020,32922044,Posted: 28 June,all,greenman,Good collection!
,Recommended,400020,22141753,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Lothar,"Atari Vault is 100 Atari games for 20$. Atari Vault has controller support (duh), and you can even look at the large or small boxes AND manuals of the Atari games. For. Each. Seperate. Game. Also, keyboard or mouse controls work."
,Not Recommended,400020,22058555,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Chad,"I purchased the Atari Vault because I'm a fan of Warlords. I used to play Warlords on the Atari 2600 with my sister and father many many years ago. We had 4 paddles. It was great fun. The three of could all play simultaneously.Playing warlords on the Atari vault is lacking. The mouse barely moves the sheilds in Warloards in both the arcade and 2600 version. Moving of the sheilds was originally done by paddle on the Atari 2600. A mouse doesn't work properly in Warlords. It barely moves the shield. Even it at it's at maximum setting. Playing warlords with keyboard doesn't cut it. The shield doesn't move fast enough. Warlords  can sort of be played with a joystick, but doesn't campare to what it was like playing it with the paddle.Super Break out somewhat well with a mouse and it set to it's maximum setting.Centipedes doesns't work well with mouse. You see the mouse cursor in the game and the centipede shooter follows it around. The mouse cursor is extremely distracing. You confuse it witht he centipede shooter.I do not reccomend the Atari vault for players who are getting it to play the paddle games."
,Recommended,400020,34767819,Posted: 5 September,all,Bran the Friendly Heavy,"I always loved Atari, and I love this game as well."
76561198119699230,Recommended,400020,22046791,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,BillG1224,"What, E.T. isn't here?  ;)"
,Recommended,400020,22098961,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,viscount01,"It's a good port of alot of games. I'm always happy to pay for legitmate roms.Theres a big downside here. Asteroids deluxe and some of the vector games don't let you adjust the brightness as you should. A slider would be AWESOME but the give us a few modes and let it sit at that. Running it in it's native resolution would be nice as well as I owned an asteroids deluxe for a few years. also, the game freaks out if you try adjusting the resolutions. a glitch maybe?Graphical settings are malfunctioning. They need a patch. Game stil run really well.Still, I would recommend this for anyone looking for original atari games! the 2600 games are just the cherry on top. I've yet to play any of them.It takes me back, it's close, but not perfect. I would still recommend it!"
,Not Recommended,400020,22046404,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,RetroMarky,"I have asked for a refund and made a video reviewing this package.The list of games is poor. (there are plenty but very few worth more than a few minutes!)BTW I am an atari fan and have a huge collection of carts for the 2600 but very few are in this package.Most of it is good by atari 2600 standards but I paid almost 13 pounds and it's honestly not worth more than 2 or 3 in my opnion, Yes it's nostalgia and I do appreciate the ""extras"" but considering it's half the price of GTA 5 (which I was thinking of buying until this came up) it should have better games (why not the whole library which I can play on Stella for NOTHING!?)I hate being negative but this is the first time I have requested a refund on steam. What a pity it could have been a dream come true for me :(https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sk7AIdZ3ZoMhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uYI7tuayfg0"
,Not Recommended,400020,23881776,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,DigitalDJTwo,A fun throwback to the Atari age but not worth the $20 price tag
,Recommended,400020,32355253,Posted: 11 June,all,Spiral345,greatest retro games are all here to play online with other poeple. WHO CAN'T SAY NO TO THAT
76561197971887513,Recommended,400020,33918267,Posted: 30 July,all,SpiderJerusalam,My video review:https://youtu.be/cz2BJ4qXP4g
76561198079002352,Not Recommended,400020,22197710,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,cone,its a good game but its missing space invaters and the controls arent the best
76561197993671372,Not Recommended,400020,22475896,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,TK-421,"Bought it, then got a refund and went back to Stella.No Atari 2600 version of Space Invaders..."
,Not Recommended,400020,25915915,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,[blue][LFG]Bengisaru,"""controller optional"" MY♥♥♥♥♥"
76561197970732279,Not Recommended,400020,22070164,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Jigger,game crashes when starting on my laptop
,Not Recommended,400020,22092045,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Tasmanian,Pure old-school hardcore. Not for everyone.
,Not Recommended,400020,22102516,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,theOfficialJoeGG,No E.T. The Extra-Terrestrial for the Atari 2600 (1982) -10/69 stars
76561197970482328,Not Recommended,400020,24621785,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,fjk1138,"This plays (barely) like a greatest hits of old classic Atari games, but it really lacks content.  There are so many games left out (mainly due to rights/legal issues) that it's like (for those of us that remember) going to some kid's house who only had a few games in their collection:Yar's Revenge?...................Sure.Asteroids? ........................ You bet.Video Pinball.....................  One of my favorites.Dodge em ........................  Yup... Another FavoriteBut where is Superman?  Star Wars? How about the old Imagic games?  How about the old crappy arcade ports (even the dreaded Pac Man)?And we all deserve to play the ultimate evil of retro gaming.... ET The Extra Terrestrial!Buy it on sale.   Otherwise, it's for purists only...."
,Not Recommended,400020,22036303,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,connx2112,I got this game to play with a friend of mine and while the package is great in terms of the games and presentation. On the arcade game side when we tried to play online it would work for about a minute and then the games wouild start to slow down to a crawl to the point where we needed to turn the game off. We tested a few arcade games and all gave us the same results. Crystal Castles we could make it to the second level and then it would start to slow down drastically.On the Atari 2600 it seems to work fine. My only complaint there is say for example in Combat or Combat 2 once the match was over it would kick us both out and disconnect the game forcing you to restart hosting the game and sending an invite. I tried to see if there was a port that needed to be opened but not finding one yet we put both machines in DMZ mode and still had the problem. We both ended refunding the game but we will repurchase if the multiplayer gets fixed.
76561198025192547,Not Recommended,400020,22050800,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,felipegcs,It crashes at startup :(
,Not Recommended,400020,25092399,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Cranges McBasketball,Game keeps crashing.
,Not Recommended,400020,29501954,Posted: 26 January,all,Greystar,"I can only recommend this IF and Only if you want Games that were released under the Atari name.  This doesn't including games like Pitfall, Packman, Space Invaders, or the like.  So the ""100s"" of games is limited to being only Atari Branded items from the 2600 and Arcade.  Played one game so I could get the Obligatory 5 minutes to post this review."
76561198098088298,Not Recommended,400020,30660508,Posted: 21 March,all,(GPFP) High In Protein,"This Game was a disapointment, It would have been realy cool if they had the whole Atari 2600 game library, the controles was also to sensitive, and there were a few glitches with pong,  beside the few issues i guess it was fun but not as fun as i thought it would be. Better off buying an orginal Atari 2600 console off Amazon, nothing beats the classics, If your looking for an Atari game to play on steam i recomend shadow ops its a hidden gem ! :) I hope you guys enjoy the game though!"
,Not Recommended,400020,25332736,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,pmar.prj,"Bought it just for a decent port of Tempest.Uses Unity Engine.Mouse controls suck.Wasnt impressed.Downloaded MAME.MAME is atleast 3 times better.Old review, mostly INFOGRAMES and their legal ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ttery:Modern Atari is only Atari in name.The company was originally called INFOGRAMES.Due to avoiding licensing issues alot of must-have games are missing from this collection.I bought this just because the only other PC port of the original Tempest I could think of was 16-bit and wouldnt run on my 64-bit machine.Too expencive for the few games I would play.INFOGRAMES needs to stop bothering Jeff ""Yak"" Minter.He made Tempest 2000 for you by his damn self.Now you threaten legal action against him for making a more modern version of it."
76561198055567960,Not Recommended,400020,22055691,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,jgladney,I bought this because It was supposed to include Defender. It does not. I want my money back.
76561198149054874,Not Recommended,400020,22068478,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,TRAYVON,its not dank enough
,Not Recommended,400020,28239655,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Hamadawana,"no nostalgia value, no point buying"
76561197970806632,Not Recommended,400020,22045198,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,m33r,"I don't know if this runs too fast on my system or if my brain is slower than it used to be -- either way, I couldn't play these games."
76561198294267386,Not Recommended,400020,25295598,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,reedmartin,Disappointed that you can't play it on OSX.
,Recommended,400020,25802075,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,ZeroZerock,"Great collection, but wish that you could customize mouse paddle controls (Pong requires you to move the mouse left and right, and that isnt very fun to control.)"
76561198018810717,Recommended,400020,26669182,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,dietricht9890,"I cant help Myself, there is a special place in my heart for games that were made before I was born. I love them all,but asteroids has to be my favorite, it was the first video game I ever played! I remember playing these co op with my dad when I was 5yrs old."
76561197970669269,Recommended,400020,26912552,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,thedruidknights,What an amazing collection of truly earth shaking games form my childhood! I still have my worl atari 2600! But theses games are my favorite from Atari!
,Recommended,400020,26025326,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Andy5000000000,"I am very impressed with the ammount of content offered here. Presentation is superb and the inclusion of original box art and manuals is really nice. Could use more control options, but overall the games are all here in great form."
76561198056170036,Recommended,400020,23941770,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Randy Bone,"Awesome for old Atari afficianados, lame for anybody else.  The paddle control games are essentially unplayable because the controls are so touchy with no way to adjust them.  It was worth it for half price though."
,Recommended,400020,23918283,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,PorcuPineAppleSauce,"This game made me so happy that my friend on skype noticed and said it was weird and out of character for me.I was playing this with a steam controller, which is absolutely amazing. I am very impressed with the depth and thought they put into the steam controller integration. Nearly every game has its own control configuration which you can customize yourself (although most are fine with the pre-made configuation), though some games (like warlords) just seem to not want to be controlled at all even with xbox 360 or mouse+keyboard.The detail goes even farther with images of all sides of arcade cabinets, and the boxes and manuals of the 2600 games. The best word I can use is ""charming"", but its also useful.My favorite thing about it is the online. Being able to scroll though a bunch of old games with someone on skype and saying ""lets play pong now, and then surround after that"" is just an amazing thing that I cant quite describeFor $9.99 its absolutely worth it, $19.99 is probably pushing it though. If you have a steam controller and like some classic games, its definitely up there near ""must own"" territory, especially during the sale"
76561198083344377,Recommended,400020,22075484,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,marcifer,"They fixed the crash - now I can recommend this game!  Don't save your money folks - it now works and doesn't crash. :)I NO longer get the:""Oops! The game crashed. The crash report folder named 'blah, blah, blah' next to game executable. It would be great if you'd send it to the developer of the game!"""
76561198158150115,Recommended,400020,22065849,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,f41v25,"The game works great now.  Yeah, Space Duel, baby!  Thanks so much."
,Recommended,400020,22071227,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Hellocomputer,"This game / all subgames I tried [is] are now functional. Below was my initial review. Thanks for correcting this, Atari! Many of the classics I remember are here... weee!Old (problem fixed):I played Atari 2600 when it was a console. I wanted to buy the games here to support Atari's continued porting and future development; I am disappointed to report that it crashes when I try to start ADVENTURE, one of the top games for that console, and the logical place to begin resuming modern play of Atari games. Unfortunately as mentioned, when I tried to start it it crashed in a fashion almost as spectacular as the ill-fated E.T. game did. Step up your game Atari. How hard can this be? If a patch doesn't fix this soon, I believe I'll be seeking a refund."
76561198078365206,Recommended,400020,22047826,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Yofisu,"****Last Edit****I tried with an update of the software for better XInput control plus also being able to make my keyboard mappings to the steam controller work pretty well I'll give it a thumbs up now.****EDIT END*******Latest EDIT****I think I finally realized what I think will work and solve my control settings issue. I said in the below original post that if I coul djust use keyboard mappigs then all would likely be good. DUH--- I just needed to change my template from the official template to the keyboard and then map to my hearts content. I think this will resolve my complaint. If it does work I'll likely change this to a thumbs up.***EDIT END***A don't buy if you love to use your Steam Controller and not having the expected customizations will make you disappointed in the games delivery even if the games themselevs are as great as they have ever been.---Edited/Added part ---Let's be very clear. I have had two responses that were trying to blame the steam controller. This is definitely not an issue with the controller it is an issue with how Code Mystics created the ""vault"", wrappers around the games and the controller mappings. Steam nor the controller has anything to do with the fact that if you choose the controls menu in the game if you are running a steam controller it will not let you select a basic gamepad, keyboard or mouse and that the game doesn't recognize if you change the controller to use the ""legacy"" controls such as a scroll wheel for a paddle even if you map the motion to ""move up"" ""move down"" etc.. Once you select something outside of their custom input types which have no or little settings for sensitivy etc. the game no longer responds to input. This is entirely an issue wiht how Code Mystics implemented the game interfaces. The games themselves are fine just don't be a person spoiled as am I by my Steam Controller and adjusting it infinitely because this game does not allow you to do so. I can certainly map thrust to left trigger in Asteroids and that works fine. Most things it doesn't matter. These games were played with a joystick and 1-4 buttons and that was it. But when I want to adjust the sensitivity on the stick or pad I expect to be able to do so.--Edited/Added part endI have yet to play this much but I am very disappointed in how it handles the Steam controller. Maybe I am missing something but they made the steam controller into a dumb device. At first I was stoked to see an action set for each game. Nice! was my thought. Until I tried to play Pong and decided I wanted to use the left haptic as a scroll wheel, you know... like a paddle and change the sensitivity. Again, maybe I am overlooking something but it was a no go. I went in to change it and it woul dlet me change from the supplied custom layout to a ""legacy"" layout which is just the normal Steam controller options. If I choose to use it as a scroll wheel I tried setting the clockwise to down and counter-clockwise to up (or vice-versa) and adjust the sensitivity but when I went back into the game it didn't work. The pad now did nothing.I decided I would go into the control options for the game and tell it to treat it as keyboard input and map the keys to the controller. Nope. If you are using the steam controller it closes off that menu andsays you can't set for keyboard and use your steam controller like a native steam controller. Whoever set this up doesn't seem to have ever really played many games with a steam controller because as far as I can tel they made it into an almost worthless appendage.I will keep trying. Maybe I missed something and if I did I'll uupdate this review but this is truly sad otherwise."
,Recommended,400020,27437817,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,triph4mm3r,"Great retro game package. Classic Atari arcade games from back in the day as they were... back in the day. Missile Command, Pong, Asteroids, Asteroids Deluxe, Black Widow, Red Baron, Crystal Castles, Centipede, Millipede, Tempest, Gravitar, Lunar Lander, Super Breakout, and more.  You can play the games with the cabinet art or without. Configurable controls for movement and firing button(s) were easy to set.  I had no problem configuring any of the controls to what I felt was comfortable for my style of playing.Another part of the game includes an emulator for the old Atari 2600 Game console.  There are too many games included in the repository of games to start naming them off but they have everything from Asteroids to Warlords. Well almost everything as I didn't find E.T.. The emulator feels like you are playing those old emulated games on the old Atari 2600. They did a great job bringing those old games back to life for a new era. These are not the old games redone. These are the old games with the OLD graphics from an Atari 2600 (blocky... 8 or 16 bit... retro).The Atari Vault game package also includes some nostolgia box art, original game manuals from the cartridge games and old arcade cabinet art for each of the games offered. Nice touch for those retro game enthusiasts like myself (especially if you have a Rasberry Pi or Steam Box arcade project going and you're looking for the perfect art for the cabinet or whatever).The graphics for the games themsleves are EXACTLY the way they were in the old games or at least so close I couldn't tell the difference. I felt like I was standing at a cabinet instead of my PC.I highly recommend Atari Vault for any gamer who appreciates classic Atari.  Many nicely done classic arcade games in one package from an era when Atari first hit the market and having a pocket of quarters was the way to play video games.Rating 9 of 10.The package would have gotten a full 10 except there were two games not included... ""Battlezone"" and ""Star Wars"".  Two cabinet style games that were from the old vector graphic days of Atari and I would have liked to have seen those games included. There was also no E.T. game in the 2600 Emulator. Petty I know... but I find the probability of them doing a DLC package to include the games they missed... very low and they probably should have just included them if they hadn't planned on future DLC. . If they do indeed do a DLC addon package for this... I will revise to a full 10 on my review.As usual... buy on sale."
76561198046496723,Recommended,400020,27765824,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Aahz,Not bad...brings back some memories for this old timer.  Keyboard controls are a little awkward; would be better if an old 2600 joystick could be made to work with it - haven't looked into that possibility yet.
,Recommended,400020,27736664,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Gnawed Toast,Bought this mostly to play Missile Command. Great collection of games for a great price!
76561198081091822,Recommended,400020,27394415,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Trampod,"I never played on Atari. I'm too young for that sh... stuff (I meant stuff).So when I saw this on steam, I decided to buy it to know about old games.To be fair, I feel that there are too few games for the price, but I bought it on sale so it's ok for me.But the most important thing is that it has the best game in the whole universe............Pong!"
76561198258950460,Recommended,400020,33226757,Posted: 4 July,all,spankystudio,"Interesting and nostalgic journey back to childhood.  The difference between Tempest arcade and Tempest 2600 is hilarious and worth a comparison!  Haha.  If you weren't around for these games, might want to give it a pass, but if you were its a great little pack of memories."
,Recommended,400020,33250407,Posted: 4 July,all,c5,"A great selection of atari games put in a slick package. Contains good emulation and a great interface, but if you want to put the games in an emulator of your own choosing, they actually include the uncompressed roms in the game directory, which is very nice. While some of the singleplayer games aren't the most exciting, 1v1 Atari 2600 games tend to be a scream with other people."
76561198025229260,Recommended,400020,33260159,Posted: 4 July,all,maniaxe613,"100 classic Atari games for a low price is a bargain!  These games may be simple, but remember, these were considered to be high-tech back in the day.  No quarters required for the arcade.  As for the Atari 2600 games, one of these games back in the day could cost $20, but you can buy all 100 of them for much less!"
,Recommended,400020,25538366,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Nerdnal1,If you like old games get it it's realy fun
,Recommended,400020,29025028,Posted: 4 January,all,durian,"The game that represented the 1st Gen and 99 more games from the 2nd Gen.Both Arcade originals and Atari VCS 2600 versions are included.Great the UI, the arcade marquees, the boxart, great to have manuals included, however these are increible low-res -- Atari, please re-scan your manuals!!!Or get them here:https://atariage.com/system_items.php?SystemID=2600&ItemTypeID=MANUALHowever, not all included titles were hits then, and the Activision titles (which were among the best) are sorely missed...Verdict:8/10 MUST-play."
,Recommended,400020,29300153,Posted: 16 January,all,The Late Gatsby,"I bought the Atari Vault during the Steam Winter Sale of 2016-17.  I've played for less than an hour and I'm already pleased with my purchase.The variety of games is great and I'm looking into peripherals so I can get a  more authentic experience.  A fight stick can cover a lot of the later arcade games, but I'm not sure where to find a trackball."
76561198416622069,Recommended,400020,34725557,Posted: 3 September,all,tyr.halleck,The first game I searched for and played when joining Steam.  Old school arcade is what introduced me to gaming. Tempest was my first favorite game.
76561198315930366,Recommended,400020,35083887,Posted: 20 September,all,Perry the Platypus,"I like ATARIThe ATARI vault is for mindless fun, it has dozens of nostalgic games to play.However, if you're TOO GOOD you'll get bored and it will lay down in your games library forever and ever, haunting you for your only miserable 4hrs you've played' until it will brake you mortal soul and crash it to million peices......Games 7.5/10Nostalgia 10/10Graphics 1,000,000,000,000,000/10"
