user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198064474122,Recommended,400110,18480207,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,dunbaratu,"I like the game, but at $25 it's at the upper bound of what it's worth paying for.  It's got some problems but also has some seriously nifty mechanics that make me willing to put up with the problems.Pro:-Very maleable world where the game tolerates you doing very unexpected thingsAssociated Con:- The 3rd-person camera is kind of derpy, and doesn't know how to avoid objects obstructing your vision., probably because their positions aren't set in stone  You'll have to manually move the camera around a lot to see what's going on.Pro:- Does the concept of ""the matrix"" right.  You don't alter the universe by just staring at an object and saying ""there is no spoon"".  You do it by actually having the power to alter the game's scripting code that defines how the spoon works, in-character.Associated Con:- It's nearly impossible for the developer to think of everything a player might do to hack the game in-character, and thus you can do stuff that breaks assumptions and makes bugs surface.Pro:- Unique gameplay mechanic that doesn't just talk about your character being a hacker, but actually has YOU, the player, doing the hacking, and not in a stupid ""movie OS"" sort of way, but in a way that actually feels like really programming - you actually type script code in-character, using a scripting language the game invented for its universe.Associated Con:- The game doesn't let you get access to this aspect of itself until a few hours of gameplay.  The apparent plot at first, the pure ""dating sim"", is kind of lame.  Especially since you apparently are a ""salesman"" selling soda by literally selling it one can at a time to random strangers you converse with, rather than by, say, selling it by the crate to restaurants like you'd expect.  That doesn't seem very viable as a job and feels like the sort of plot intended for an 8-year-old player.  But you have to go through that a while before the actual gameplay surfaces and the game suddenly gets a lot more mature and smart than it seemed at first.Pro:- You are expected to crack the mysteries of how to do powerful hacks yourself, and it is possible once you are given the tools to get started.  The universe's objects behave logically and consistently making it possible to reverse-engineer things to learn the system naturally in-character.Associated Con:- The game is VERY vulnerable to spoilers. The primary challenge of the game is learning the names of things so you can hack them, so it probably won't have good replay value unless someone starts making mods that add new plots."
,Not Recommended,400110,18225020,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,TerraDestroy©,"Else Heart.Break() is heart breaking game.I have been following this game, now I am dis-tasting this game.(I finished a game and found all 4 endings and pretty much everything this game have to offer)What started as novel and seemingly great idea, ended up forgetting one important thing.Player actions must matter.Basically what happened:Game had a narrative it wanted to tell me, problem is narrative didn't fit what was happening or what player was capable.Game seems to be very rigid, it doesn't change according to your actions, rather then it insists that, this things will happen, doesn't matter if you want them or not.In the game, I have attained basically powers of god, quite easily.(Blame playstation, no serious)And I was surprised at lack of retrain, after hacking computer, which was involved in a mission, I have solved all my problems forever.Guards chasing after me? Nope, let me just fiddle with my radio.I want to get to room? No problems, let me just turn my radio knob.There is a person missing? Nope, let me press this magic button. And here we go.No hacking tools allowed in casino? No problems, let me just bring my magic radio. turn knob and get my tools.I need to break in to reach computer? Ha! I have been practically living there already.And achieving that was trivial to me. (I also later found just outright teleporter, but I am not gonna tell you where)But game didn't acknowledge most of my actions. It wanted me to follow it's story, without shortcuts(and taking them would glitch out game)Missing person!? No you cannot teleport them! You need to go to bed and sleep! So they come to you in a dream, only then you allowed to go after them to try to find them! Even if you do find them, you not allowed to tell it to anyone. Until you resolve some problem, which is super easy to resolve. No seriously, game was hinting at it so hard, that it was impossible to miss. (Btw, it is in a title)I also thought that game have proper secondary quests, but nope.All stuff which I found out from dialogs from NPC, never was acknowledged.They like, YOU CANNOT BREAK IN TO THAT HOUSE AND BRING EVIDENCE.While, I already visited that house and striped it clean of all evidence, but I couldn’t tell them that, or give it.Since story never anticipated that.Warning major spoilers belowAnd biggest problem, this game have no good story to tell. It doesn't have a real conclusion, it sort of bums around and ends. It doesn't show you or tell you about what happens after, or what was consequences of your actions, it just ends.It is about a guy, who falls in love with a girl and starts to stalk her, so he can get closer, while she friend zones you so hard, that you would be located near by Pluto, it that so far away.While that happens, there are also token evil Ministry(Empire/Federation/Government, just pick your poison), which acts so evil, according to NPCs.Player have no way of knowing it first hand for a while, till they use a massive laser to kill your girl's boyfriend, then it's fight to the end! No? Okey.So there is no real confrontation.Also he doesn't really die. They just uploaded him to internet Tron style, for some reason. Which is never fully explained. Besides single mention that it somehow involved with generating power.So in conclusion, game have no real good story to tell, then what does it have?A sandbox for hacking? Yes!But is it good sandbox? No!Problem with hacking the world, is that nothing tries to stop you. Player have no real restrains, and that's a problem, nothing really a challenge. Game will try to feed you narrative locations, but they all pretty bland and pointless, and if anything ruin atmosphere which was very good at beginning of the game. You’ll come across few side stories(Which actually way more interesting then game's primary story), to then nothing.That's it.Lot's of game actions also tied to a fact that player have to sleep(that's not required to progress, but if you skip sleep, then you will miss huge chunk of the game)And most game actions are placed on very rudimentary triggers, which easily break if something goes of script, locking up game.And you can mess with stuff, but there isn't interesting reactions in the world. Nothing really changes if you hack everyone bank accounts, or if you make everyone fall asleep, or if you make everyone electrocuted. All NPCs will just shrug it off and never acknowledge something weird.Only way to really mess with them is to hack doors, but that just tends to get them stuck on loops, so that only funny first time.I routinely broke in to big evil Ministry HQ, just to mess with computers and loot them, which actually did something, it got me send to jail, but since Police was as competent as story writers, they didn't take any of my stuff, so I hacked prison gate and just walked away, just to repeat my shenanigans again.But nothing got unlocked, I couldn’t tell anyone about it, no new dialogue appeared anywhere.When Rebels wanted to infiltrate bad guys, I was like I KNOW, but game didn't let me to have my way, it forced it's story.And when I insisted that I can break in to HQ in ALL dialogue options, game just ignored it, since nothing would happen.But let me tell you real deal breaker.There is villain, and that villain is bad(Supposedly, motivations are not clear)And if you find villain, then villain kills you with magic taser. Though that's on second time you disturb villain, and that doesn't matter how.So villain will yell at you and tell you to ""Get of the lawn! You spoiled brats!"", while I twiddle my thumbs on my RETARDIS, which allows me to literally teleport anyone around me to NULL space if I would wish too.And so I hacked in to villain inventory and stole her taser. Makes sense, now villain have no way of killing me.Just for me to get killed by standing near villain, because cut scene have no other outcomes.Like seriously? In game where you allowed to hack world, you forgot to make world to recognize that.Also before that, I made her stupid sleepy, drunk and corrupted, and she still was threatening me.In short this game needs to recognize player's action, and it simply doesn't. Yes you can do that, but game have no way offering real difficulty, besides obtuse quest system and poor dialogue trees, which don't lead anywhere half of the time.It doesn't reward or notices most of your actions. You can stroll to most locked room, but game won't see it, you won't be able to tell evil plan to other NPCs. So what the point of offering dialog options, when most of them token at best?This game story exists for it's creators and it's sandbox exists for hacking. They don't really work together or recognize each other.Is this game about hacking? While having lot's of hacking, it isn't recognizing it or rewarding it. So no.Is it about story? While it have big central story, it never does conclusions on it or gives you any thoughts on the topic. So no.Is it artsy indie game? Yes. And that's a problem, it could be so much more, but it ended up being so little.Is it buggy? Oh yes, I kept getting stuck in world geometry, dialogue trees and just glitching out cut scenes and just normal crashing to desktop for a good measure.Can you enjoy it? Yes, but to a degree. It isn't perfect, or strictly good. It just is. And if anything the longer you play, the more you get disappointed at the end.Conclusion:My this year biggest disappointment.I won't ask for a refund, I got my enjoyment out of a game, but not $25(or $17.5 on sale) worth of enjoyment.Honestly there is much better game, within ideas, compare to what was presented to us.Currently it more of a prototype of much better game, it missing to much and what it have is just to little.This is what it did to me:loop|   var game = GetGame()|   if game.IsGood()|     Heart.Rejoice()|   else|     Heart.Break()|   end|endERROR: HEART BROKE"
,Recommended,400110,18185906,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Soulshift,"Only about 6 hours in, but it's already been an amazing experience. Although the simulation of the world is simple, it is just thorough enough to suck you completely in. I actually find myself caring about the characters I meet and 'role-playing' in the true sense of the word. The game is open in a way that few so-called sandbox games are. By giving you the freedom to explore the story, characters, and world, at your own pace, this game achives what many pretenders claim: to make you, the player, an active participant in the game world.1000/100 would hack my coffee again."
,Recommended,400110,28852205,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,space king,"A little programming-centric game with a trippy, pixelated art style and a nice soundtrackIt's main issue is, despite all the freedom the 'hacking' gives you, you're railroaded into a somewhat short, and extremely linear, storyline - you'll end up in the same places, no matter what you accomplish with your programs - and there isn't much in the way of interesting side questsStill, it was enjoyable, but I'd wait for it to hit a sale as it's current asking price is a bit steep."
,Not Recommended,400110,28287096,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,alison,"This game is sadly not as fun as it looks like it should be. It is set in some wonderfully surreal world and the graphics are amazing, but the dialog and narrative pacing is sorely lacking. I don't even mind that you spend the first several days just wandering around aimlessly trying to figure out what to do, triggering (and failing) sidequests without even know what those sidequests are about. That's fine. But once you finally hook on to the main quest thread and pick up a hacking device, you are encouraged to basically break the game through hacking everything, but then, you know, the game breaks.I got stuck in a narrative spot where one character wanted me to meet me somewhere, but then she never went there, and the guy who kept inviting me to his place never left his place. So the game is bugged from the outset, but having the ability to hack it bugs it even worse, because you can teleport yourself to any location and open any door and talk to any character completely out of order from the moment you pick up a hacking device. I guess that makes it a ""cool"" hacking game, but to me it just makes it feel like a game which is only half-done and the player needs to finish coding it himself. One of the Steam walkthroughs even describes how you can hack the actual game files to un-stick yourself from narrative bugs like the one i got stuck in. Sorry, but my day job is being a computer programmer. When i come home to play computer games, i don't want to waste my time trying to fix bugs in one.Maybe this is a fun game for people who don't have to work 40 hours a week coding just so that they can afford to play games. But if you are a coder by trade, it's basically like dealing with bugged code someone else wrote that you need to fix just to have fun. I would have enjoyed this game a lot more if they removed basically all the hacking and turned it into an adventure game with a proper, compelling narrative that didn't randomly bug out (or cause you to wait around doing nothing for 20 minutes in real-time just for an event to trigger). Great idea, poor execution."
,Recommended,400110,19184377,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,niallcro,"Frustrating first few hours. Maybe it's meant to be thematic, but frustration is frustration and I might've quit if I hadn't been so intrigued by the world and the promise of reprogramming it. Once I got to the coding, the game hooked me, but was still quite frustrating at times.Despite the annoying bits, I liked the world, story and characters. This game world definitely has a unique look and feel. Having to learn the daily routines of the characters is a cool game mechanic. The openness of the game is both good and bad. The coding is cool, but ended up boiling down to learning a few tricks. I would like to see the engine that was built for this game being used for future games, including games suitable for kids. I had to reload a few times because of bugs but the game was brand new when I played it. The music was OK overall, with a couple of standout tracks. The story ended fairly abruptly.Score: 4/5"
,Recommended,400110,18177698,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,That Meddling African,"The game is a fairly slow paced, exploration based game with what appears to be a linear story thus far. Chatting to random people, stumbling around drunk, smoking indoors, going to raves, passing out on stranger's beds in communes and looting most things that are not bolted down is all quite possible but the game does hint at a darker plot teasing the depth of the story.As for a world that feels alive, the soundtrack meshes with the game's vibe and atmosphere really well and I see it is available on Bandcamp now. As for the dialogue, I won't say it's super impressive by any means. The game doesn't always take into account which order you've spoken to characters in perfectly which can lead to a few strange lines of dialogue every now and then.As a programmer by day, I do find the in-game coding to be a fairly decent balance for both newcomers and experienced developers. I'd be curious to see how players who have never coded actually grasp the mechanic. Some things are too easy in code like awarding yourself free money and I do wish the summary for commands was a bit more explanatory like actual APIs (Javadoc or Ruby/Python standard libraries). I know the focus of the game is ""exploration"" but that might be a big barrier for people new to programming.My only real complaint is the camera controls. Luckily you can invert the camera rotation (feels more natural to me) in the Options screen but you can only zoom in and out with W and S not the mouse wheel which is bizarre. People who have played third person games like the Sims 3 or Cities Skylines might find the camera a bit weak in comparison. Whilst in the street, buildings between the player and the camera also don't go transparent so sometimes you find yourself messing around with it until you can see where you're going again. Really hope the developers patch this.This is a niche game for sure, it's not perfect but I'm glad to see developers taking risks like this."
,Recommended,400110,18248199,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,Triobelisk,"The universe of this game is compelling. People go about doing their routine all while you begin your adventure in a new city with a new job. Well, the job didn't go too good for me. I mostly partied and listened to PlaySound(""Apache"") on turntables. Then I noticed the party people weren't what they seemed. Odd things lie behind closed doors in shoe stores and after a bit of time examining diskettes I got a hacking device and then it all opened up! I have to admit I'm addicted to this game now and it feels good to learn a bit of coding. If it wasn't for this game I probably wouldn't have begun to tinker with modern day coding. At any rate, I'm still deep in the game discovering things and I look forward to going even deeper. I think last night I tried to hack things in my dreams too, I mean in real life, not in the game!This isn't a game for everyone, but if you like life, exploring, coffee, music, weirdness, then you'll love this game. If you are a coder ace and you manage to barrel through this game, then hey, this may not be for you either. It's all about the journey itself, not the destination. Love to the devs for introducing us to this awesome world.Now to hope that there is an Oculus Rift endless-runner version released later so I can jog through Dorisburg on a treadmill and lose my donuts."
76561197966661634,Recommended,400110,33419511,Posted: 9 July,all,kingofblahs,"Just feel compelled to write this review because of the unjustified negative reviews.  The negative reviews turned me off from this game in the past and nearly did so again, until I watched 3 minutes of a YT video just to see what the hacking component was like.  It was enough for me to buy it to grind through the early game that everyone talks about.The negative reviews couldn't have been more wrong about the early game.  I am loving the fact that I, for once in a long time, have to go out looking for what to do rather than having a quest arrow or a map icon show me.  I appreciate looking at the map and not seeing a blinking ""me"" icon and having to figure out where in town I am.This game is for those who want to think, those who enjoy the journey and who don't just want to minmax their way through all of the quests and who want to have to investigate and take clues.  The story is also underrated.  I would classify it as very good, but it is also trippy and very random, which may or may be not your sort of thing.  Thus far, I think I've played enough to say this deserves a recommendation on those merits alone."
,Recommended,400110,24445280,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,wet blanket,"Else Heart.Break() holds a special place in my heart as a software developer. There's nothing quite like hacking the world around you, making it bend to your will. Unfortunately the game has significant rough edges, and a couple of my playthroughs ended up with a bugged storyline due to performing actions out of an arbitrary order.Do not buy this game unless you are interested in programming enough to overlook the several downsides iterated over and over again in other reviews.That being said, this fits easily in my top five favorite games of all time. I give it a sentimental <3/10EDIT: There is also a phenomenal in-game soundtrack by swedishcolumbia. Please give it a listen, even if you don't end up purchasing the game."
,Recommended,400110,24203359,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,TBBle,"Sometimes getting exactly what you want... isn't.Else Heart.Break() is an adventure game running on a programmable simulation. Conceptually, this is awesome. In practice, it's awesome, but with a side-helping of ""whoops"".You're actively rewarded for poking around and exploring, and guidance towards the plot is fairly minimal. On the down side, this means that in my first 17 hour play-through, I discovered two or three key items early on, achieved near-omnipotence, bypassed the *entire* plot after the tutorial and basically skipped-to-the-end.So full thumbs up for giving me the freedom to completely ruin my own experience of the game. Imagine playing Day of The Tentacle, except that your first Chrono-o-John trip accidentally lands on and kills baby Purple Tentacle. (If you have not played Day of The Tentacle, you should.)I subsequently had a poke through the data files (based on a recommendation in the Discussion Groups) and although the text is not in English, I now have an idea of how much I missed out on. A lot.So after a little while to forget everything I now know about the game, I might try a play through where I actually meet some of the promised true friends, and perhaps even work out who the love interest is supposed to be."
,Not Recommended,400110,20240429,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Skank McGank,"I'm sure there is a decent game in there somewhere, but I can't find it under the terrible navigation and poor gameplay. Near 3 hours in and I've not found the start to the ""programming"" part of the game, nor do I have the slightest idea of where to continue looking for it. For a game with a dependence on in-game world time, it has no way of fast forwarding that I know of.The idea sold me. It's a shame the actual game couldn't deliver."
,Recommended,400110,19136427,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,hyphz,"This is a fantastic experimental game. The graphics are effective and have an interesting style, the sound works well, the gameplay is smooth (although there are a few problems with the camera and getting caught on objects) and the basic idea - of a world in which you can ""hack"" literally anything - is fascinating and well implemented.Where it falls down a bit is as an actual adventure game. The story's rather badly paced and seriously dissonant with the abilities and scope you have in the game. I spent 3 hours (!) wandering around looking for a modifier (the item which lets you hack), couldn't find anything or indeed any interesting items other than a bunch of disks and a teleporter that sends you back to the hotel where you start. I practically quit in frustration before I Googled and found a review article that happens to mention the name and location of the one place and one time you have to be at to meet the one girl who advances the plot.  Once I'd done that and gotten the modifier, was I interested in the fetch quest I was told to do next? Nope, I went off and hacked everything in side, in doing so finding the name of the master villain, blundering into an encounter with them that was apparently supposed to be much later in the game (in which they yelled at me for all the trouble I'd caused them when I hadn't done anything yet), and then finding a terminal that blew the whole game wide open.It's fun, but it's not really an adventure, and the facade of an adventure tremendously fades when you consider that the hacking in this game is supposed to be in-character (other characters have modifiers and talk about being hackers), which means it makes no sense that anyone ever does anything else. Oh, there's bad guys using secret methods to track people's location? Gee, that would be scary if you couldn't get anyone's location anytime you like with two function calls. Worried about your job? You can hack yourself a million dollars in 30 seconds.So, if you like the idea of a game where you can be curious and experimental with a simple programming language and build up to having the feeling of AWESOMA POWAH then this game is great. As a story, though, maybe not so much."
76561198146434472,Recommended,400110,18188403,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Icyndragon,"A very charming and thoughtful game. The atmosphere is quite cartoony, except everything seems to have a certain darkness lurking underneath. You'll be walking along some alley or cobblestone path and some computer terminals straight from the stone age will be there, watching you...Exploration is the biggest part of the game. that and making connections with NPCs, which will lead to more shenanigans than if you just followed the main storyline. There seems to be no end to what could happen by talking to the right NPC.I really love the atmosphere. One of my favorite things about Bioshock was the sounds and ambience, and it seems that those developers decided to take the same approach with this game. To be honest listening to the sounds of strangely whirring computer terminals creeps me out more than the Circus of Value vendors..."
76561197970653174,Recommended,400110,33115754,Posted: 1 July,all,tran_fors,"This is probably the best hacking-in-real-life game I've played so far.That said, it _really_ takes awhile to get you to the point where you can hack anything, since the devs want you to get to know the characters.It's got its share of flaws:* There's no journal system,* There's no quest system,* If you want to take notes you're better off alt-tabbing to your OS and using Notepad/etc, and* The auto-complete on function names doesn't work, if you're calling a method on another object. (this will make sense once you're able to Connect() to computers)""Meh"" points:* There's no combat or cinematics* ""Sneaking"" consists of not getting even vaguely close to someone while you're trespassing in a certain workplace.  You save, then explore; if you get caught (which you can't run away from - you're seen, so you're caught) and don't want to live with that, you load and wait a few in-game hrs then try again, hoping the person has left their post.So... if you like programming and have dreamed of being able to ""hack the planet"" for real, you should seriously consider it.  Otherwise, maybe avoid it - there's only one weapon which I've found, and it's basically astun prod."
,Recommended,400110,24052751,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Elfteiroh,"This is now one of my favorite games.Story:Liked the story pretty much, even if it was stiff. You can do a lot of things by hacking, yet the story often fail to acknowledge it. And some choices change the immediate discussion, but never the long story. Yet, looking at the story scripts, a lot of flags are thrown up but never used later... So I guess it was planned to be more flexible, but it probably got cut by lack of time/budget.Characters:Loved them. I liked Pixie, even if she friendzone us hard and act hysterical at time, but she just feel, right? The hamster girl should get to find it. :( Ivan is basically a jerk, yet I like to dislike him. ;) Etc.The only negative is that most of them are not developped at all. Would love to be able to interact with them more.Gameplay:The hacking part took most of my time I played. I loved to figure out all the different APIs, computers and tools. There is a lot of positively BRILLIANT ideas there. Would love to see an update/sequel getting these tools more fleshed out. Make a screwdriver that can change more stuff, and more deeply. I would have liked a ""legit"" way to upgrade my Modifier, to get it ""legally"" leveled up.WARNING! DO NOT GO TO THE ROOMS ""DeleteMeLater"", ""RatvadersDream2"" and maybe one more I can't remember. They crash the game.Art:Wow! Very original! I loved it! Seriously, colorful AND somewhat gritty! Didn't think it could really be possible, Or looking good. But they managed! And with such a small team. I'm very shocked! :DCommunity:The community in general is great, but the cherry on top is that the Devs are VERY active in the discussions, often chiming in with hints or taking the comments into accounts for update (possible and real)Conclusion:Really... That game has so much potential! I really hope that team gets to make a big update/sequel/expansion to this game. I spent so much time coding in that game (much more enjoyable than programming for my job) that it took me 52 hours to finish... same as it took me to beat most Zelda games.... And I can see a great potential for modding. Some are trying to do it. Hope to see it getting somewhere.But seriously. Good job team. Good job."
,Recommended,400110,23723517,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Pugnippets,"Else Heart Break is different in many ways that are weird, unintuitive and to many, probably illogical to a fault. To people like me, that difference is refreshing. More often recently, games are cut to a template. Else Heart Break is entirely outside of that template, crafted piece by piece, even though it draws from other works.However, games fit those templates because people like them. Are you people? You might not like this. But I like it, so that's something."
,Recommended,400110,23921248,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Kierkegaard,1. Somehow find a modifier2. Get a beer and type : Sleepiness(1/0)3. Keep passing out until the end of time :D10/10 Would mess around with mathamatical fallacies and have no idea how to progess the main story again.
,Recommended,400110,27207971,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Colynato,"I remember when I first got this game and this game was almost in the negative reviews.I was having so much fun with it, but I understood the reaction.This game is hard to understand at first and the story is rather sad at the end, making one long for a better conclusion.However, the gameplay itself is some of the most engaging stuff I've ever played.I made notepads full of codes, collected data on everything, I was emersed more than I've ever been in a game before.It was hard to recommend this game, but now that the rating have really picked up, I think more and more gamers began to appreciate what Else Heart.Break() had to offer and I think it's safe to recommend this even with it's learning curve and ending story.Also, games within games. There's so many games inside of games."
,Not Recommended,400110,32334156,Posted: 10 June,all,kimpira,"If you're going to design an open world game, you have to do it in a way that respects the player's time. Else Heart.Break()'s visually cluttered but scarcely interactive world and its timed events do not."
76561197970534041,Not Recommended,400110,18631178,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Aether,"i bought this game based on the recommendation of a trusted video game reviewer, and they discribed an incredible story in a land where the very fabric of the world could be manipulated.i never got to that point, i got hung up on the first hour of meandering mundinanity through a land of people and places i don't care about.probably not going to ask for a refund, but i can't recommend anyone else buying it."
76561198040865995,Recommended,400110,25837250,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,titusthesecondary,"one of the best hacking games,since you hack meaningful thingsinside a pocket universe filled withdiverse characters.your path is arbitrary, i e. g.  missedthe most important tool for quite some time;) but then, the game started withfull power.you're free to program all kind ofnonsense into the hackable itemssome of your ideas might not work,but when they do, you'll feel verysatisfied.floppy disks! cyberspace!don't read any walkthroughs!"
,Recommended,400110,25424490,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,ECkce,"I love this game.My job IRL is a software engineer, so I think I probably have a leg up on some other people here. It was so much fun hacking stuff and Slurp()ing around. Such a great atmosphere, really chill and immersive. What a really a weird funky story, and characters. Walking around inside the Internet is a total trip.Highly recommended to people who like adventure games that don't do much handholding. Definitely recommended to people who like to program, or want to learn how to program. Most of the stuff you find in-game will teach you the language. It's mostly a sandbox adventure game, because once you start hacking stuff you kinda can do whatever you want."
76561198025275958,Recommended,400110,34666588,Posted: 1 September,all,Das Brain,"Great game. Great artwork and an interesting concept. I can only recommend it.Which leads to the minor problems in this game:Most disks only contains information, not programs. While you can boot a disk from some machines, I think only 2 or 3 disks have valid programs on them, and for most of them it looks like and accident. (And without a modifier, booting one of the disks can lead you to a dead end)There are not much (useful) computer programs out there. Most computers are just a floppy data reader, the pedestrian OS, a movie title generator, TriPod OS or some other program that you've seen several times before.The story is... well, I personally don't like stories without a good ending.That being said, the story is good at the beginning. It even has a few side quests. But later on.. There is only one path or ""end this now"".Connect() with Slurp() and RemoteFunctionCall() is ridiculous overpowered; especially if you know the name of a few computers with their special APIs. Honestly, this thing breaks the game if you use it.Elevators are strange. While the code on the inner elevator will tell me, that it will go to door A, because it's an elevator, and the elevator is on a different floor, the inner elevator door will lead to door B. I expected elevators to be coded in SPRAK. (Ok, this might be hard with path finding.)Money is pointless. There is no point in having $1000000 or $-5000. It doesn't matter at all. You can even spend money if you don't have it. And you are never expected to pay it back.Door unlock codes (that's what keys use) are not controlled by the code of the door itself. Kind of boring, because if you can read a doors code, you can put this code on any other open door and just use the new door.But this are just small points, that I hope will be changed and will make else Heart.Break() more internally consistent.All in all, 10/10, would hack my coffee again."
,Recommended,400110,18425949,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Such a douchebag,A hacking game with actual code.
,Recommended,400110,34073071,Posted: 6 August,all,skatche,"Far and above the best hacking game I've played. It involves actual programming, yet still allows you to do the cool♥♥♥♥♥♥that hackers do, like bump their bank balance up to a hundred thou. I can't say what a person's experience will be like if they don't know any computer programming -- I expect it might be a difficult but rewarding challenge. But a programmer will have a great time; the first time you build a universal key you will feel like a god. The game world is atmospheric and the characters are solid. The dialogue is a bit mediocre, but doesn't detract from the plot. You will have to play through two to three hours of plot before you get to do any programming, and even then you will have to explore to find the means. But even that portion of the game is a breath of fresh air, in that it doesn't hold your hand and gives you a ton of freedom. Keep your appointments, pay attention to everything, and resign yourself to playing an adventure game that will eventually become an awesome hacker game."
,Recommended,400110,18226829,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Toster 12D3,"Soif( you.like(""live_simulation"")andyou.like(""coolstorytelling"")andyou.like(musicLevel.awesome) ){do while(money-price>0)buyIt();}elsenevermind();"
76561198036395935,Recommended,400110,33325486,Posted: 6 July,all,dropdead,"This game was really fun. Sometime tedious, when I didn 't get what I was meant to do because I wasn't paying attention.It's quite good to remember what others say or what's on the floppy disks that are all over the city of Dorisburg.The art is quite distinct but that's exactly why I like it. As others have mentioned before there is no hand holding and putting one and one together must everyone do for him-/herself.The programming is where the real fun is at. The interface is pretty clunky and it's impossible to see longer lines without temporary adding a line break so I suggest a text editor (Sublime for example, someone even made a highlighting for the programming language used for the computers in game).I have no idea how this game might appear to someone that never coded a line in life, but ingame are manuals to be found that can teach you the basics. I guess the biggest problem might be the involved logic - which can be tricky - not everything is as hard/easy as it seems at first glance.The beginning can be a bit tedious and getting lost was an issue for me. To get to the programming part can happen really fast or much later through investigation, sniffing around or just dumb luck.I seriously love this game although it isn't for everybody. I guess it depends on the interests and the patience or willingness of the player to see what it really has to offer (a wonderful little sandbox with nice toys that can also break... itself... but probably not without your help).Oh, and I suggest a piece of paper or an open editor make some notes - that can be handy.Thumbs up for the fun I had and making me love it."
76561198000539837,Recommended,400110,18639261,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Dashael,"Ok, first an anecdote, skip to [PROS & CONS] if you don't want to read it:I first came across this game while stumbling around the internet, in one of my routine ""StumbleUpon"" binges before insomnia succumbs to fatigue. I didn't hit it directly, I hit some other game from the same publisher or something and then a link to it from there. It was pre-release at the time and not being promoted anywhere else. I read enough to be excited by the prospect of it but fell asleep or got distracted or something without making a note of the name.Fast forward a few weeks till I thought of it again and I was driving myself nuts trying to remember the name of this brilliant experimental adventure game I had found... I got so frustrated I almost had myself convinced I imagined it, dreamed it or fantasized it.I was pretty sure it would be released on Steam eventually if it wasn't a delusion, so I waited, stalking the coming soon and new release listings on the Store page. And finally here it is, snapped it up real quick and I'm glad I did.[PROS & CONS]Pros- Highly experimental game mechanic (A pro in my book)- Vibrant and creative art style- Brilliant ""chiptune"" soundtrack, appeal for retro gamersCons- Not polished like a AAA game (not that you should expect it to be)- Writing could be stronger, but I am a harsh critic in this department, others might be more forgiving- Primary plot path is by necessity shorter and more direct than most games, though their is a great deal that can be done outside that path.tl;dr? Programming gameplay mechanic is bold and inventive, art style is quirky, music is retro, could be longer but as a whole, worth the money any day."
,Recommended,400110,18214370,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,[2.FJg]Malibu-Schtz,My god this game is perfect
,Not Recommended,400110,23272515,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Mako,"The hacking concept forElse Heart.Break()is interesting but is greatly hampered by dull storytelling and mediocre world you are forced to wonder around in. It’s not something I would recommend to friends at full price and discount price would also be dubious at best.  I really wanted to like and enjoyElse Heart.Break()but this game feels more like a working prototype than a fully fleshed out adventure game.The story line in this game is difficult to follow and there is no in-game journal of any kind to assist you in keeping track numerous names, places, or times. The main protagonist and supporting characters are largely uninteresting and reading or making dialog choices feels like an unrewarding chore that ultimately have little impact on the world and its story.If you manage to muddle through the first couple of hours of this slow burner then you get a small glimpse of what potentialElse Heart.Break()has and get to try writing “Spark” code and bending the world to your will.  In my experience this was not enough to want to make me keep droning through the rest of the story and I had to end up calling it quits.  The potential is here for this game to be something fun and unique but at the moment it’s just unique and I hope a sequel will come along to fix all the problemsElse Heart.Break()suffers from."
,Recommended,400110,18195572,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,"Kim, The Schwifty",Tons of beer and cigarettes. I can relate.Game is worth playing for the art/music alone.
,Recommended,400110,22240269,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Apparition,"A beautiful game, and a memorable experience. Unique art, awesome music, and cool characters make the surreal world so fun to explore. This is escapism at its finest and the post-game depression is real. I'm definitely hoping for a sequel.Being made by a small team of about 5, the game's gonna have some quirks. You may get stuck, or lost, forgetting what to do and where to go, the cam controls are pretty bad, but nothing bad enough to break the game. There is some coding involved, but it's a new simplified language they've created for the game. Luckily, you don't have to learn much, there's manuals in the game, and NPC's to learn from if you want. It's possible to get through the game without any coding experience, but not possible to finish without doing any coding at all.Here's some tips to help you stay on track:-Talk to everyone you see.-Keep an eye on the time (it's a 24 hour clock in the top left of the screen).-Be sure to make it to every apointment, especially parties (and try not to get too drunk and pass out at parties).-Read all floppy discs you find, copy and paste useful information to one disc to save space and stay organized.-Use floppies to take notes.-Test yourself, be clever and don't give up!Update: Some aditional thoughts worth mentioning since people who wrote negative reviews really seem to be hopelessly lost...Your character has far more purpose in the game than just making friends and partying as the short description suggests, but figuring out what it is, is part of the experience. And never forget the world is a place where bits have replaced atoms. Once you learn what that really means is when the real adventure starts!Finishing this game was the most rewarding gaming experience I've ever had."
,Recommended,400110,21905907,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Mum,"Ever wished Watch_Dogs focused more on its hacking and less on its Ubisoft, open-world AAA desires? then this is the game for you! Really interesting and enjoyable open-world hacking game, where you can hack a turtle (or was it a tortoise...)!The game is great with it's hacking. There's so many secrets and hidden webs for you to follow if you use some intution and it's one of the most rewarding parts of this game. It has a very hands-off approach when it comes to telling the player what to do, which is what makes it so satisfying when you run into something really interesting and cool..cus you did it yourself, not cus the big marker told you to do the thing. Congrats! I was also surprised by how much I could do with the hacking. The coding language in the game isn't going to turn you into a real life world class coder, but it's a great tool for beginners to pick up and advanced enough to let people with experience to make some pretty cool hacks (i know there's a way you can exploit the finance PC for infinite $$$...never could work it out).One of the other's strengths of the game is it's music. One of the main dude's on this game, El Huervo, contributed tracks to the Hotline Miami soudntracks and him (and other contributers) have created a fantastic OST. Music isn't used too much but when it is, it hits the feeling of the world and the atmosphere just right. Whenever I was walking around the town, I liked to carry a radio just so I could help immerse myself in the world that little bit more.The game does have some negatives though. There's some bugs in the game that can get you stuck (watch out for desks. seriously.), NPCs don't really react to you much (both friendly and hostile) and the ending of the game is a bit limp and unsatisfying, with relationships and characters just feeling...unresolved......but if you can deal with all those things and willing to be a bit more forigiving of a small indie team making a game of this scale, then you'll find a game that's totally worth your time. Fresh, unique and BE CAREFUL WITH THE REGISTER COMMAND."
76561198025355692,Recommended,400110,23927415,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,JayWall,"Great Adventure game, made much better if you already have some understanding of programming"
76561198013673156,Recommended,400110,27388028,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Watson,"One of the smartest ideas for a game I've ever seen. You can do basically whatever you want as long as you can take the time to figure out how to turn your ideas into programs. This game does a fantastic job of teaching you the basics of programming and the syntax of their own programming language, without stopping to make you feel like you're being lectured. That being said you will NEED to learn how to program at least a little bit to beat this game, and for some people that may seem like too much work. But for the freedom you are given when you fully understand the language it is entirely worth it. I experienced more glitches than I would have liked but when the player is given literally countless options to approach every situation it is to be expected. The conversations are also a little bit awkward sometimes and it feels like your not given much to say. All of that is excusable in my mind for the sheer freedom this game provides."
,Recommended,400110,27425060,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Case,"Got a job in a new city. Arrived, asked around, but couldn't find my employer's contact. Met a girl who invited me to a party! Went to the party, turns out she's got a boyfriend. Figures. Got drunk until I passed out. Highly accurate real life simulator.Oh, except that every object in the world is made of code and you can hack it. The first time I analyzed a soda can and saw it spied on me and reported back to a central server I knew I was going to join the hacker resistance.The beautiful art style, the unprecedented amount of freedom to do and hack whatever you want in the sandbox world and the laid-back vibe of the storyline make this my favourite game of 2015."
76561198289305990,Recommended,400110,26242900,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,X5934 078FR1,I hacked the game to stop the Typers and Monad from hunting me. Slowed down the game time to a comfortable 20 minutes per game time hour.I am staying here.. forever.
,Not Recommended,400110,20148904,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,RyanMakesGames,"I've heard good things about it, but all I did for two hours was mill around a city with nothing to do.I feel like the game does not respect my time, but maybe someone else will have more patience then me."
76561198366985969,Recommended,400110,30033868,Posted: 19 February,all,fabiankliem,Else Heart.Break() is a lovingly crafted journey repeatedly leading you to that immense feeling of joy and accomplishment when your curioisity is rewarded with succesfully learning how to change the world around you. I wish this game were already around when I was a kid first learning to program. Definetely recommending this.
,Recommended,400110,21375506,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,hockeyhacker97,"Get into the game, get off the boat, get hotel key immediatly throw key into trash and loss key to my room, entirely miss the door going to the wrong room bit because I had to have staff open my door from the computer, the game does not stop you from doing stupid crud nor does it hold you hand as to what to do when and screwing up does change what happens as you go, its not like most games where if you try to throw away a key item the character saying ""I don't think I should do that"" and then not throwing the key away, its not like other games that let you throw the key away but then go back and get a new key and have the same event happen, you throw out the key and you get an entirely different event to happen.I have watched a bit more then I have played, but right off the bat with the fact that the game does let you do stupid stuff and doesn't hand hold, that was a ""ok this game is even better then I thought from what I watched to see if I wanted it or not""."
,Recommended,400110,18269341,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Snutt,"This game swept me right off my feet! At first I felt lost. The city felt confusing and people gave me weird directions. Which is just what I've felt before, being new to a town. Then I'm suddenly interested in what everybody is doing, and before you know it I'm unraveling all these strange characters and events occuring in this city that's more than meets the eye!The mechanic of being able to hack almost everything makes some great emergent gameplay (if you're willing to dive deep enough to experience it) and the art and sound design sets the mood in a way few indie games have ever done, if you ask me."
,Recommended,400110,20428659,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Sidi,"Else Heart.Break() is a great game and for me reminded me of playing ""Little Big Adventure"" as a kid, it invites you in to explore its world. Slowly you realize that exploration follows a fragmented linear path using hacking to jump the gaps, this type of storytelling I enjoyed immensely and once completed felt the need to load an old save and go down some of the paths I didn't complete first time around.However, it could be improved in a number of small ways,- Inventory, it's too simple and clunky, a grid with stacking items, previews and images would be much easier to navigate rather than having to hold things and put them back to interact (at which point the item changes position in the list due to usage).- Something like a vague storage of important things you have been told or seen, not necessarily a quest log, just a journal of some kind that is controlled by the game like ""X told me there's Y over there, perhaps I should check"" since I tended to forget some important paths I didn't go down in sake of others, in the end I played the game with a text file open in the background to keep track of information, that's not the end of the world but I think it would make the accessibility a little better.I'd say those two things were my only gripe, I had a few bugs where I couldn't move, couldn't talk to NPC etc but they were fixed with a restart.Overall this is a really enjoyable game that challenged me and rewarded me, more please! :)"
,Recommended,400110,20673409,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Truthowl,"Don't really know what to say. If you loved the Game called Uplink then you will love this game too. It's about problem solving. No, it's about creative problem solving. Although it's so much more as well. It also has a much much better story than Uplink had.  Uplink is still better, mainly because of replay value.That is about all I can think of. Oh, and don't give up if you give it a try. Stick it out until you meet a girl named Pixie and a little while after that. Once you get a Modifier is when this game shines."
,Recommended,400110,20457811,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Cloud Ninja,"Else Heart.Break(). What can i say. If the coding from this was in Watchdogs, it would be on of the greatest games ever made. This has the type of hacking Watchdogs should have. There is a linear story you can follow, but there are also ways you can completely skip the story after a bit and immediately end the game. Multiple endings to find, multiple ways to get there. Want to hack something but cant? Hack your hacking machine. Want to go through a door you dont know the code to? Bruteforce it! virtually anything you can interact with in this game, you can hack. I HIGHLY reccomend anyone with any sort of knack for any form of programming (not HTML/CSS) check this game out. I put a few hours in on my friends account at his house, and many more on my own after buying it."
76561198022357100,Recommended,400110,18241426,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,deps,"One of the best games I have played this year!The only negative thing I experienced is that I was lost a couple of times and didn't what to do or where to go, mostly because I forgot what to do, and the game does not try to get in your way to point where you're supposed to go. Or can go.But the hacking and programming parts of the game is really fun to explore, and more than once solved my problem of being lost.I really recommend this game!"
,Not Recommended,400110,23596956,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Tenchuu Khan,"While the game starts out interesting, with nice artstyle and a neat mood - what really kills it though is its map and the lack of guidelines.You get vague explanations on where you should maybe or so go, and then good luck navigating that map.To be fair, I'm really bad at navigating maps, and this game has one big enough that it really takes some time to memorize it. The map itself is just crap too.Is it a bad game?I can't tell yet, because I haven't got the slightest clue where I should go next.The last thing I know was that I should sell soda... which nobody buys. I should meet a girl at a place I couldn't find to which I came too late anyway... still she haunts my dreams.Now I'm probably supposed to explore, sell soda - and along the way it turns out I'm supposed to get after that girl.It really takes a truckload of patience to advance here and that's why I simply couldn't recommend it to anyone because it's simply too special."
76561197978984607,Not Recommended,400110,25841552,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,starpoint,"This game drove me crazy.  I finally finished it, but I wouldn't have been able to without consulting the online forum  repeatedly.  There is a lot of great potential here, but most of it is wasted.  The first thing to realize is that this is _not_ a ""programming game"", in the sense that none of the difficult aspects of the game have anything to do with tricky programming puzzles (unlike, say, Zachtronics games).  This game is a role-playing point-and-click adventure that happens to feature programming (hacking) as a key component.  The game features an in-game programming language called Sprak, which is a pretty simple imperative language that nobody with any programming experience will have any trouble with.  However, very little real programming is necessary to progress in the game; usually you just modify tiny snippets of code and then you're done. (Basically, the game makes you into a script kiddie.) The one difficult aspect of programming in the game is figuring out just which built-in commands are available.  The game helps you a bit with this, but every programmable device has a different set of built-in commands, and some critical ones are only found in a few places.   But the biggest problem with this game is the plot.  The plot progression is wildly uneven, with long stretches where nothing is happening punctuated by short bursts where critical stuff is happening all at once.  Plot triggers are very easy to miss, and if you do, you will wander around forever trying to figure out what you should be doing, while none of the in-game characters will talk to you.  Worse, many triggers require you to behave in exactly the opposite way that the game suggests you ought to behave, or thwart your expectations in other ways.  Contrarily, many things the game suggests you _should_ be doing turn out to be completely unnecessary and a waste of time. The worst part of it, for me, was that the programming part of the game can't start until you get a hold of something called a ""modifier"", and it is by no means easy to do so.  I probably played for 20 hours or so before giving up and consulting the forums to find out how to get this absolutely critical piece of equipment, without which the game cannot progress.  The best (non-spoiler) advice I can give you is to talk to every person you meet, and keep talking until all possible conversation paths are exhausted.  Also, the game world is large enough that it's very easy to get lost, and although you have a map, it's pathetically bad, with many important landmarks left off.  And when you finally get a modifier, you still aren't out of the woods.  You have to figure out how to join a kind of ""resistance"" against an evil system, and again, it's very easy to completely miss the trigger that will get you into this group.  Once you do, the game (finally!) starts to take off.  This is fun for a while, but nothing you do matters much until the final confrontation happens, which will be glaringly obvious.  However (once again!) what you need to do to fix things will _not_ be obvious, so you are left wandering around again while nobody will talk to you, wondering what you should be doing (this seems like a theme here).  When you finally realize what you need to do, doing it is quite easy as long as you can get into a particular room.  There are floppy disks scattered all around the world that contain hints and clues, as well as code examples that you can learn from.  You will need to spend a lot of time looking at these unless you (like me) run out of patience and just consult the online forum, and then you can literally finish the game in five minutes.  There are multiple endings: several ""you lose"" kind of endings and one ""you win"" ending which is so unsatisfying it feels like you just lost a bit less.  To sum up, I think this game had huge potential, but it was ruined by poor execution.  I almost can't fault the developers for this; to do a game like this right requires more resources than a small team can provide.  I think in the hands of someone like Valve, with expert writers and large numbers of playtesters, this game could have been something amazing.  As it is, it's more of a proof of concept.  (OK, great, concept proved!  Now go make a real game!)  If you're going to play this game, save yourself endless frustration and consult the online forums when you get stuck."
,Recommended,400110,28172431,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,katar89,Hacked cofee to become alchohol.10/10 would drink cofee booze again
76561198059619193,Recommended,400110,18214904,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,It'sPresidentTobias,It's like Watch_Dogs for hipsters.
76561198013527563,Recommended,400110,18296449,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,dolmaKALEM,"This game reminded me Twinsen's Odyssey. That's.. well, that's a great accomplishment.I'm not sure if anyone wants to learn programming should buy this game but without even learning anything, it's still a great game."
76561198203773819,Recommended,400110,34061653,Posted: 6 August,all,BinaryNova,"Else Heart.Break() is a game about Sebastian (or Seb), a young adult who just landed a job in the city of Dorisburg as a soda salesman. He goes around, meets people, drinks, smokes, whatever, until he gets himself caught up ina hacktivism group that wants to topple the Dorisburg government due to corruption. The story is intereasting but the real game starts once you acquire the ""Modifier"": a tool that allows you to hack anything from a computer to a lampost to a cigarette to your very own can of refreshing all natural Wellspring Soda.This hacking ability allows you to do nearly all you want. For example, change the colour of the light emitted by the lamposts, hack your soda so that instead of lowering your sleepiness by 5 it lowers it by 99999999999999999999999 (something, i believe, you will be doing rather often). If you are looking for something slightly more amusing you can make it so each time somebody uses a computer it will say something, or you can loop two doors so that an NPC will simply go trough one door on one end of the room and come out the other end, only to try again and again (something i did on accident whiletrying to get into Mondas apartment).It is this hacking aspect that kept me hooked and coming back, not the story, for it is linear with only one ending, but it is this rich world that i can hack and modify. The Sprak language is suprisingly user friendly for the more basic tasks, but can easily get more difficult if you are trying to do more complicated things.So, if you are still intereasted in buying this game, then don't expect a rapid first try, it will be slow and you will likely think you wasted money but trust me, it is well worth the price.Also, the title makes sense"
76561198028520876,Recommended,400110,33366103,Posted: 8 July,all,Vmpwje,"I have really enjoyed Else Heart.Break().  It's a nice mix of sandbox and linear plot.  As someone who works as a software engineer, I did find that I was sometimes ahead of where the plot expected me to be in terms of my abilities, but it worked out in the end with me completing the game without having to resort to any online guides.  My only gripe would be the ending.  Without giving away any spoilers, I would say that the ending was quite disappointing.  Minor spoiler below:There are three endings.  In two of them you die, in the other one you escape.  What I think the game lacks is a way to finish the game by defeating the bad guys."
76561198007627841,Recommended,400110,27340520,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,HughNano,"About 30 hours in, I simply had to stop and write to the game's thoughtful and responsive developer, Erik, and thank him for creating such an amazing, deep game - I hadn't had that much fun in an open-world game since Starflight (which is saying something, since that's my all-time favourite game)!The game was not without its bugs and shortcomings, some of them perhaps unavoidable in an almost purely open-world hacking game of this sort, but even those prompted me to up my hacking game to try to figure out for myself (by myself) everything possible about the world, looking for clues as to what I was supposed to do next - which was, I think, a perfectly appropriate response, which was facilitated by the depth of the hacking abilities the game gives you... which meant I had a blast just being stuck! Then again, I am a self-taught programmer, so my reaction might be coming from a bit more of a small, unique ""niche"" than most...One of the things I loved about the beginning portion of the game was that there always seemed to be multiple dialogue arcs/interactions/clues hinting at what to do next, so I never felt ""stuck"" - although this was one of the things that broke down somewhat as I got deeper into the game. The biggest problem with the game, in my opinion, was the game's arbitrarily and artificially imposed bittersweet ending. It fit artistically with the feeling of isolation, loneliness, helplessness, etc. that was set up from the beginning of the game, and, in many ways, it was a nice change from the usual inane (and largely unintended and unthought-out) subtext of ""just level up a bit more and you'll be able to defeat whatever problem the game/world throws at you next"". We human beings are *not* all-powerful - there are, in fact, problems that are too difficult for us to solve, and it's nice to see a game ending that acknowledges that.The biggest problem with the ending, for me, was that the game actually undermined this artistic choice by giving the player more than enough power to solve the main problem, so the bittersweet helplessness of the ending seems rather forced. According to the game's internal logic, all sorts of endings should have been possible, but all of them were ultimately overruled by the artificial duality of the game's final, somewhat arbirarily imposed choice.I also understand the limitations te developer faced - I can't imagine how difficult it would be to test for and implement in-game storylines that would have accommodated every possible outcome, given all the power the in-game hacking gives to the players - which means I ultimately have just had to learn to appreciate the game for the amazing ""flawed gem"" that it actually is.The problems with the ending ultimately meant that the game didn't quite come up to the level of my all-time favourite open-world (open-universe!) game, Starflight (which also had an amazing ending), but the hope that the developer himself expressed was, in fact, fulfilled in my case:Originally posted by Erik:I hope that the extra time you spent chasing a non-existing ending still was entertaining in some kind of way.It was. Very. Thank you, Erik."
,Recommended,400110,23852789,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Oh my,"It's an entertaining game with a nice styleThat said, the story really needs some help"
,Recommended,400110,18278298,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Dr Labcoat,"Else Heart.Break() is an RPG adventure game that is inspired of the retro games of the past that appeared in past computing platforms. It's a 3D adventure that you can rotate the camera around to look at other views of the location.The protagonist starts in his parents house via boat after a telephone call about a job offer selling cola and is then rushed off to Dorisburg, an island whose major industry is mining some mysterious element. The game has a strange surreal feel to it - both being colourful but with some underlying gloom and decay which seems to give the impression that something is seriously wrong with the environment.  One example of this is the large number of litter bins that are piled up in the streets. There's electronic boxes and computers everwhere that are seem to be connected to the mysterious Computer Ministry, and people in suits can be seen modifying these devices.Your first hours on Dorisburg don't seem to go well. The Hotel Devotchka seems to have issues with your hotel room and the people working and staying there are quite quite strange and detached. Your contact for the cola sales job seems hard to find. You get distracted with the night life and contact a mysterious girl in the local nightclub. This starts you on a path where you start to understand what's really going on in Dorisburg - and in turn join a new circle of friends who are also fighting for answers.The graphics style of the game is quite chunky and retro which suits the feel of the game extremely well. The soundtrack in the game is a mixture of ambient electronica and trip-hop (sorry I'm not really up on music genres) but suits the various environments in this strange surreal computer based world. The game is quite laid back and you explore and interact with people to learn more about what is going on. Some events happen as certain times of the day so it's important to be in the right place at the right time to meet people for appointments. There's a romance story here which I'm not sure how it's going to turn out yet. I feel that it might all go badly for Sebastian in the end if he cares about the girl he meets.There is some programming in this game. I'm an accomplished programmer myself so I didn't have too many problems picking up the code. For a complete beginner, you can find people who teach you little pieces of code and will point you to others who know more. There are also guides that are easy to follow on floppy discs all over the place. Most of the devices have code on them so you can tinker and experiment to see how it works. You can start out looking at the code in lamps and drinks and modifying their properties to change their colour or effect on people. You can then move onto learning to open doors and hacking computers to allow you to move without being tracked. It's a gradual learning curve understanding enough to modify existing code to make it work..or take it out of action.There are plenty of computers lying around with working code that you can copy to a spare floppy and play around with it later. I found various finished tools on people's computers that can be used to aid you. As your skills improve, you can hack devices and take control of the environment so the learning effort is definitely worth it.I'm about six hours into this so I'm still learning how everything works, but this is a novel experience that started out as an escape from the dull provincial life into a new exciting environment that I haven't reached the bottom of yet. One of the missions I did was to creep into the mines via a back route and steal all the data. It was quite a heart-pumping challenge to remain undetected.I can recommend this stylish and innovative game if you're into mysteries and problem solving through computers. Once you pick it up a few programming tricks, you can do some very interesting things in Dorisburg.** Additonal points after completing the game **I finally finished the game after about 30 hours of effort (and restarting) and I can definitely say that the effort was worth it. I managed to modify code in computer to explore all the places in Dorisburg and even those places that don't really exist.My only issue with Else Heart.Break() is that the missions you are sent on are not logged within the game (I wrote them on paper) and if you don't complete them in time you will just lose the chance to complete them. This is a bit of a shame as events keep moving forward even if you're actively working on the mission. I suppose it's real life realism in that the world doesn't stand still whilst you're trying to work.The ending is a bit disappointing as well. It's basically a fight or flight situation which leaves little room for inventive hacking to rid Dorisburg of the real villains and leaving your friends to the mercies of a corrupt organisation and a really horrible antagonist. I guess that again this is something of real life given the nature of power on Dorisburg. Doesn't make it hurt all the less. It's like the film Easy Rider, there's no avoiding the tragic ending and you have to leave with it as it was written.But the original review stands. Well worth investing the time in, just to immerse yourself in programming and hacking things. I'd love to see a sequel as the story is left up in the air.."
,Recommended,400110,20035998,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Konc,"This is an amazing little game that lets you do some actual (re-)programming of ingame items. No door lock is beyond my grasp now. BWAHAHAHAHA!But yeah, you haven't truly lived until you've downed a beer that actually wakes you up, sobers you up, removes any foul odors and makes you a lot more attractive in Else Heart.Break().I've played this on my old MacBook Pro over the holidays, and am looking forward to starting over on my PC shortly."
,Recommended,400110,22689179,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Wilco,"Else Heart.Break() ReviewBy WilcoIntroI have played this game for 16 hours and i loved it, mostly. I had a bit of trouble sometimes finding how to do things and i also ran into a few bugs where i got stuck. I will be writing about my experience with the game.This game teaching you about scripting (technically not programming). And it does so in the way of telling a love story. you are playing in a world made up of bits and bytes, one's and zero's. And the story will take you through it.GameplayYou start working for a soda company but you dont really sell anything. By ""stalking"" people in game you find out where they are at what time if the day. The game doesnt really encourage you to go exploring so much as just following the story. But in the end exploring the entire town is really worth it (just be carefull around government facilities). You will find floppy disks around town and they will reveal parts of the story and teach you how to script in their custom made scripting language.At some points in the game you will be stuck, it will happn, stuck in the story, stuck in the scripting, stuck in the actual word. you will get stuck, its unfortunate but it is not a really big deal, just save often enough so you can resume from a point where it was fine. If you are stuck with scripting things you can always look at the steam guides and forum for this game for help. Because you are not the only one, and people better than you have written guides on how to script or helped people on the forums.The last time i checked the game developer was very active on the forums with helping out with bugs and issues realted to the game itself.Graphics, sound and musicThe Graphics in this game are not ""Full-HD"" or something like that. The textures look a bit low resolutionBUTthe graphics, the textures the way the game looks is very stialized, this game does not need high resolution textures. It has its own nice style.The Camera is a another thing, the camera is hard to control around your character and you often cannot get an angle or view on the subject of matter because the camera is stuck behind other things like walls or buildings.The sound is decent, nothing to write home about but it does the job, same goes for the music.ConclusionI really like this game because it has scripting in it, and I love that. But you really need to like scripting or want to get into it in order to like this game, because there is no way to play without it.I give this game a 7/10. Its good at what it does but that about it. I do reccomend this game to anyone wanting to learn scripting or can already script / program.TL;DRGet this game if you want to learn to script or if you can already script / program. otherwise it wont be a fun experience for you"
76561198013027885,Recommended,400110,20340132,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,JayPi,"It's a solid game, but it's a bit daunting if you know little to nothing about coding.Also it can be a bit slow, and there's little direction telling you where to go, but it's nice to explore and feel the story continue naturally."
,Recommended,400110,29519014,Posted: 27 January,all,Bob Loblaw's Law Blog,"It takes a good while to figure out what exactly this game is doing but man is it good. I was frustrated at first but over time it started to grow on me until I loved it. The atmosphere is great, the hacking is fun and powerful. If your willing to do basic coding I highly recommend it."
,Recommended,400110,18203031,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Itaros,Don't mix drugs and programming otherwise you are bound to be in the world of Else Heart.Break() forever.
,Recommended,400110,21438310,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,PythonHugs,This game is fantastic! If you like programming or the idea of programming you will enjoy this. I wish there were more smart games like this one. Thanks to the devs for this treat!
76561198006720573,Recommended,400110,18853805,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Hkajs,"A amazing game through and through. The art style is quite unique, and the gameplay is exciting (a little bit of learning required for the programming tho). Overall a 9.5/10."
,Not Recommended,400110,18177482,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Sideroxylon,"For so many months did I wait for a game which includesAn expansive 3D world, begging to be explored.Many hours of engaging story, set in a meticulously simulated city, with people that feel truly alive.A challenging game where your actions matter and nothing can ever be unsaid or undone.Tons of every-day objects and computers that work and can be modified.A laid-back experience where you can just go to the café and have a coffee whenever things get too hectic.A delicious soundtrack with over 50 songs.(elseheartbreak.com)And now they put up a crappy time waster under the name of this wonderful game on paper.I am so dissapointed, I am not even mad anymore, that I lost more than 16€ on this (I hope I get my money back from Steam), I remain only sad now. Why you ask?Well, let's compare the actual game to the things, which were promised.1. ""An expansive 3D world, begging to be explored.""If you call Dorisburg open world, then the cities in Path of Exile are open world as well. And I am not talking about lacking content, it is mainly about the quality of the content. I was excited to explore the supposed open world and before I was heading to my next step of the story line, which was checking in to the Devutchka hotel, I walked around the city to experience what is going on there. I talked with people, I looked for some buildings, but when I slowly started to change from randomly experiencing the map to finding my next story line objective, the city just got more and more annoying, because it was pretty hard to find the hotel after I explored other areas (btw. for me personally it was kind of immersion breaking, that you just look at a black void at the borders of the city, but that was not the only thing; the camera started to be really annoying at some point, because the perspective is just bad and you have to really work on seeing what you actually want to see, because your vision is either blocked by buildings or you are looking from the wrong perspective) and on the way I found like 500 floppies, 500 computers and a couple of people, oh and yes, you can kick lamps, for whatever reason. In the meantime a slept a couple of times in foreign beds and stole stuff from people, which...2. ""Many hours of engaging story, set in a meticulously simulated city, with people that feel truly alive.""...brings me to my next point. Truly alive? You are joking, right? I spoke to most people along my way and they either didn't want to talk to me at all, said some boring casual stuff, nothing special or weren't there because in the whole ""open world"" city there were like 20 people on the streets, and that number is generous. And most of them weren't special at all, or at least the ""special"" things were pretty boring compared to what imagination could have created. Also the dialogues sometimes were pretty stupid, since the people there are literally like AI and not believable at all (btw. when I looked for my room in the hotel, I found another room, which was open and it was really small and kind of ridiculous, because it had like two rooms, of which one was the main room with two sinks and a shower and the second room was like 2m² and had only a toilet in it. that's right, you obviously can stay over night in a hotel to get a room without a bed. I was really confused, when I saw that, well but finally I found my actual room and look at that, it was basically the same room, but only because it was Sebastians room, he shouted out ""WHAT THE"" and he was also ""confused"", when he saw the living conditions. for me this kind of scripted events aren't open world to me at all, since he should've noticed that♥♥♥♥♥♥in the previous room already, and when you make an ""open world"" you should expect, that people are gonna exploit this by reaching areas, that aren't supposed to be visited yet or at all, according to the actual story line), when they for example don't give a♥♥♥♥♥♥about you stealing stuff, which...3. ""A challenging game where your actions matter and nothing can ever be unsaid or undone.""brings me to my next point. Really? Really? Where do my actions matter? Please say the place and situation in the game, so I can check it out by myself. I break into houses of foreign people, and they are like ""Hey, who are you? What's up?"" or ""Hey, what are you doing? What's your name?"". I steal stuff in the front of the faces of the stupid AI and they do... nothing. Literally. Another example of how actions don't matter and you can undo them is, when you meet the guy, who speaks to an animal, or himself loudly so you don't have to talk to him, to see him talking. He asks you for a beer and you can answer no, no and then you can still give him a beer. Same with other people who ask you something about yourself and you still can change something about that, except the things, that don't matter. Like being called by your nickname for example. Which makes no difference. Many other answers don't seem to make any difference, except the different answer from the AI you are talking to, which has no actual consequence for you and your character, as well as the story. So meanwhile you talk to some boring guys and find loads of coca cola, booze and beer. You drink some of it, and oh, something changes... Wait, no, nothing changes. At all. Which...4. ""Tons of every-day objects and computers that work and can be modified.""...brings me to my next point. You can find many computers, that's right. You also can find many floppies, like the ""DigitalCrap64"", to have something to do on the computers. You also find tools for a computer, like a screwdriver. Well and that's it. I explored at least 20 houses and 90% of all things were those which I mentioned above. Oh, wait and you find beverages, like booze, coca cola or beer. Which btw. changes literally nothing about your character. I at least hoped him to get drunk after drinking some bottles o' alcohol, but mh-mh, no. What's the point of implementing something, that has no actual in-game effect or consequence? The only reason in this case could be: it is fun, or interesting, or something like that. It is neither of that though.I know the motto of the game ""...where bits have replaced atoms."", though I didn't realize, that most content is just based on the idea of doing something on vintage computers. And talking to people, that are supposed to be interesting, but I only met a couple of people in the city and the ones I was supposed to talk to, like the woman in the hotel. A guy on the street told me about a bar, which is supposed to be interesting. Also I asked the woman in the hotel, if there is something interesting in the city and she also mentioned bars. So, as I expected, the most interesting or action rich part of the ""open world"" is supposed to be the bars, which...5. ""A laid-back experience where you can just go to the café and have a coffee whenever things get too hectic.""...brings me to my next point. It is indeed a laid-back experience. Though not for us, rather for the developers, as it seems. And when exactly do things get too hectic? I know, I didn't play all of the game, but considering how the story went on and what the main ""attractions"" were, I don't expect much else. Feel free to correct me, if I am wrong. For me it just seems like the game is about going to the bar, hanging out with a couple of chicks, then go to your home and do some else heart.break() stuff on the vintage computer. The time in-between was just boring or there just was nothing really. This didn't get better, when I was even more driven by the game to get bored due to lack of some SOUND. It was really quiet and unexciting to listen to the game, which......sorry, I reached the limits of a Steam review, so if you are still interested in completing of reading my review, then please refer to the following link:http://pastebin.com/krGRCd9M"
,Recommended,400110,32026702,Posted: 28 May,all,foobarto,I highly recommend this hidden gem.
,Recommended,400110,18248598,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,Barth,"I am loving the game so far. A well though through world filled with an astounding amount of details and great music. The game also has a ""Swedish"" option which makes most chats with people feel very alive as, I guess, the game was first written in Swedish and then translated.I have also not been a big fan of point and click games, but I still enjoy the game thoroughly. More will be added as I have played more of the game, but as of right now I recommend the game."
76561198021110186,Not Recommended,400110,19894614,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,increpare,Unstable for me. I gave up because there seemed to be a definite chance whenever I changed areas that it would hang.
76561198042913113,Recommended,400110,18296803,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,caidicus,"I am falling in love with this game.I can now hack a cup of coffee to be even more powerful, that's power my friend.After learning that the game is NOT in fact about selling soda beverages, but actually about developing social connections with the characters I meet, it really started to open up.This game is fantastic, the art style is beautiful, the music and sound design is beautiful...It is also extremely challenging for someone who doesn't know how to code, but here's the kicker. I've tried to learn coding before, but got too bored within moments. This game presents coding in such a way as to make it feel like learning the mechanics of a game you like. I'm learning to code, I'm ""getting it"" while I'm doing it, I'm rewarded for each step I make, by having more power in the world I exist in.Ah, and here's perhaps the most important part of my love of this game, I really feel like I'm immersed in it. This isn't a game as much as it is a thing of utter brilliance.The game can seem a little dry and aimless at the beginning, but once it clicks with you, it's just so eye opening.Do yourself a favour, get this game, jump right into it, and enjoy the hell out of a truly unique experience.BUT!!!Don't boot it up an hour or two before bedtime on a work day, and expect to only play for an hour or two. I've just sat down at 11PM, I played for about an hour, and it's now 5AM. That hasn't happened to me in a LONG time.Enjoy!"
,Not Recommended,400110,20350883,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,drWoof,"The camera controls and the perspective is SO CLUNKY, UGHThe main reason i couldnt play this game."
,Not Recommended,400110,25769310,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,jaedaen,"What I thought I would play: A game where you are allowed to modify the properties of life around you do to clever things in the old-school hacker tradition.What I ended up playing: Some kind of Sims-like game where I walk around a boring (but pretty) little town and get lost using a pre-GPS map like I'm in 1985, just talking to random people with little else happening. Admittedly, I don't have a great sense of direction.I still haven't gotten whatever you need to hack the world around you, and it's been two hours. Maybe I'm just old and cranky and impatient, but even though the good part sounds amazingly fun, I don't have the time to get there at this rate.I wanted to play Hack: The Programming Game.What I got was Navigation Simulator 2016."
76561198057018673,Not Recommended,400110,22914444,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Donn Firinne,Maybe it's a good game if you don't care about the least engaging story in existence and no way to know if the plot is advancing.
76561198059680830,Recommended,400110,25373629,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Ninefold,EASY. GIVE ME A REAL CHALLENGE SWEDEN.
76561198093693835,Not Recommended,400110,34492441,Posted: 25 August,all,AuoroP,"I recommend people to avoid buying this trash!I regretfully gave this game my good time yesterday and all of today; I still have not found a modifier.You cannot control the game with a keyboard.The forced mouse camera control is wonky. e.g. it takes mouse suggestions sometimes; vertical control is weird andComputing options for hacker game severely limited: you find lots of disks, some disk readers, no computer can WRITE disks!!There is ONE spare unused modifier in Dorisburg behind a generally LOCKED door!Your Inn provides no access to a disk reader AND disk based regulations!This game does not generally handle copying and pasting; the modifier does support it but not running programs."
76561198003952569,Not Recommended,400110,25793762,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,foobywalla,This is truly a boring game with terrible UI and pacing.
,Recommended,400110,18181882,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,MooMooMang,BEST STALKING SIM EVER 10/10
76561198127465226,Recommended,400110,18748670,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Krao,"Nice adventure and best point is it's featuring what's missing in usual Cyberpunks game, setup your deck and break ICE !"
,Recommended,400110,20096349,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Silverhammer,"On the ""like"" side, this game has an interesting story and an absolutely excellent programming mechanic that was central to the world.  Nothing like bruteforcing a door lock by writing a small snippet of code to do so.On the ""dislike"" side, the game provided very few cues as to where the player is supposed to go. In an age of quest markers and live maps, this took some getting used to (I ended up keeping notes)."
,Recommended,400110,20234118,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Thommy,"I very much love this game, I have been playing it for a while now and I find the story, the setting and the people you interact with amazing.The town called Dorisburg, a place that is very much alive! The people have their own day to day while you are just kinda dropped into the town with a ""Go figure it out for yourself! Bye"" kinda feeling. It took me quite a while before I actually even know ANYTHING about what I was supposed to be doing, and how to do these things.Don't get me wrong, altough I do love this game it is not without faults.On a Story/progression level, it can be extremely confusing as to what you are supposed to do. Expecially in the beginning.On a gameplay level, the camera can be a gigantic hassel, and sometimes things just flat out break and people will just refuse to interact with you at all. This is a bug that happened to me twice, but a quick reload of a save file fixed it... Still, quite annoying indeed.But even with a couple of bugs here and there, and a sometimes confusing set of objectives, I still recommend this game to anyone who likes to code/wants to lear how to code or just generally likes a interesting game that is as complicated as you make it!"
76561197977862426,Recommended,400110,20139407,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Fuscus,"Well, this is definitely an unusual take on an adventure genre. It's worth checking out with the caveat that in its eagerness to give players tools and flexibility, it sacrifices some of its ability to tell assure a coherent story. I really enjoyed the experience, but I accidentally stumbled across some very powerful tools and functions erly on that led to some serious sequence breaking. I missed about 50% of the story, having slammed headfirst into one of the possible endings at one point.On revisiting after that accidental ending, I managed to make it to what the internet assures me was just one step from a ""good"" ending but the NPCs won't register what I've done (despite having actually used what I think is the intended solution). I must've broken something somewhere along the line in the 24 hours of gametime spent learning the ropes, running amock, and constructing a computer network that lets me teleport to any room, object, or person I know the name of.Exploratory hacking and great art direction are still enough to carry the day though if those are your thing! Obviously I've sunk a ton of time into it for those reasons."
,Recommended,400110,18243148,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,BearsGoRawr,I hacked a beer and increased the alcohol level.10/10Would hangover again
,Recommended,400110,20306688,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Cerebral,Great game... only 8 hours in so far but I bought it yesterday so in two days I've actually played a considerable amount of time.  I like the quirky and artistic strangness of the whole thing and the ability to code inside the game is a great concept... although I program for a living I'm still trying to wrap my head around the full impacts this can have inside the game.  Great load of fun for the price!
,Recommended,400110,21282827,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Enertron,"I am thoroughly enjoying this game so far. The art and atmosphere are incredibly unique and I'm excited to carry on with he story.That being said, I feel a lot of people may not have the patience for this game. Else Heart.Break() is incredibly slow paced. It is not linear, so there's a lot of wandering around figuring out what to do next and you don't get into the meat of the game and start programming until quite a few hours in. Most of the dialogue is realistic small talk, so much of it can be quite dull. Travel is slow.If you can get past the pace and dialogue, however, Else Heart.Break() is a beautiful game with an incredibly unique premise and style. I would recommend this game to anyone who is both interested in programming and has the patience for a slow paced game."
,Recommended,400110,25805140,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Suppen,"Not a very good game, but the mechanics of it is interestingWould hack slot machines to award negative jackpots 100% of the time again"
76561197999797567,Recommended,400110,26125634,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,TheOctagon,"A hard game to get into at first, but once you get going, it's actually pretty cool."
,Recommended,400110,18389647,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,Wavefarer,Highly recommend. Fun adventure that includes some intersting light programming puzzles. Reminiscent of Ultima 7 in visual style and feel.
76561198017827204,Recommended,400110,33806531,Posted: 26 July,all,Arucard,"A rare occasion in hacking games is playing a normal guy/girl. You are not an elite hacker, or activist making clandestine moves against the man. At least you don't start that way, which allows you to get into the role a lot better than being told who you are. Sebastian starts out completely in the dark, just as the player and with all the cheering about games that don't hold your hand, this one has gotten a lot of flak for that very same reason. I think it's really the camera that will break your heart though. Replayability is pretty much required as it will take a lot of time just to get a sense of the city.Hacking/Programming is also very unique compared to other hacking games as everything from coffee, to doors, to turtles are open for your crazy experimentation.* Find song names scattered around in jukeboxes and discs and program your hand radio to play your faves!* Low on cash? Repurpose an arcade cabinet into an ATM! (one of my favorite projects :)* Looking for someone you can't find? Hack into one of the tourist placefinders and program it to lead you to him/her!The possibilities may not be endless, but you aren't likely to run out of things to do. Just make your own fun and don't blame the game for not 'giving' you a purpose! It's kind of a life simulator in that way and you need to make your own path. It can undoubtedly be frustrating, but there is a lot of reward and fun waiting on the other side of that.TL;DR - Try again."
,Not Recommended,400110,34962155,Posted: 14 September,all,redshoes,"I really enjoyed this game... until the end.The open world style and hacking are really fun, and I enjoyed figuring out things work in the world.The main problem I have is that it's really easy to break the game.  Either by just getting stuck - a number of times I just got stuck for no reason and couldn't move so I had to reload from an autosave, or missing a trigger point in the story and ending up with no one in the world saying anything to you and no idea how to advance the plot.If you can get it on sale I'd go for it but full price is too much to pay for a buggy, incomplete game."
76561197960448494,Recommended,400110,35056674,Posted: 18 September,all,Paradox,There is no game like this (that I can find) where you have a world you can hack from within the world and as an entity of that world. I desperately want more games like this.
76561198019680524,Recommended,400110,35362120,Posted: 30 September,all,Weenie Hut Jr.'s,"At first glance, I didn't think I would enjoy this game. I've become way too reliant on first-person perspective and constant action, but so many things about this game are right. Great atmosphere, great plot, decent storyline, and immersive and interesting gameplay. Especially as someone who wasn't already familiar with coding languages, there was a real sense of accomplishment once I started to get the hang of the coding aspect of this game. It  can definitely be a slow start if you're expecting immediate action, but it's worth it once you start really getting into the story and start to find your way with the coding. There's also a decent amount of help available online if you get stuck with something. I would definitely recommend giving this once a try."
