user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561197986420836,Not Recommended,400160,32258612,Posted: 7 June,all,|DGC|,"Brilliant(ly flawed). I have such mixed feelings about this game. It's an amazing game in concept, it provides an entirely unique gameplay experience, the humor is childish but spot-on, and it feels like it should be fun. I want to like this game SO BAD! That said, I've only played three or four hours and have already found myself repeatedly asking ""what were the devs thinking?"".For example, this game, which involves permantently placing objects on a board in a way that one misplaced item can lose you the game no matter how early you make said mistake, gives you a hand size of TWO. This results in extremely luck-based gameplay, even for a deck-building CCG.Another example: if you tie with an AI opponent, instead of adding another column as a tie-breaker, you straight up lose.Add this to the fact that there are numerous UI issues (reseting takes a solid 10-15 seconds on many maps, sometimes clicking menu objects will instead place objects underneath the menus (remember my first point), no way to disable tutorial popups, etc.) and I am reluctant to recommend this otherwise awesome game.HOWEVER, Steam's bad design has forced my hand. Like so many other games which fall into this category, I can't give a review of ""neither amazing nor terrible"". I have to say either it's awesome or it's awful. Devs, I'm giving you a thumbs up because I want this game to succeed. Valve, this isn't a children's lemonade stand. Adapt or GOG will replace you. Well, replace you faster.Edit: I changed my mind after another half hour of play. Thumbs down. One more clarification: I said it was building things behind the UI. I was wrong. Clicking on the bar on the left side of the screen will often build things in the center or right of the screen. There is a ""solution"" for this in the menu (""Are you sure?"" messages for each building placement), but that doesn't fix the problem; throwing up pestering messages every five seconds will just train the user to say ""yes"" to any such messages.By buying this game, you are basically buying a really, REALLY bad slot machine. Will it give you an unwinnable situation which you can't forsee or predict? It's all the luck of the draw!Well, lesson learned: set a timer for 1 hour 55 minutes ANY TIME you buy a Steam game.Seriously, how in the world do you screw up mouse controls that badly?"
,Recommended,400160,20494230,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,stubar,"What seems to be the most pertinent question about Concrete Jungle is whether it is in fact a city-building game?  If your definition equates to constructing various types of building and having to consider their placement due to effecting factors like the economy and technology levels, then yes it is a city-builder!  Is it in the same ilk as something like Sim City?  No.I’d personally slate Concrete Jungle down as a puzzle game primarily.  One that looks fairly simplistic in nature due to its colourful and clear-cut appearance, but spend a few hours in the game and the complexities reveal themselves pretty fast.  The game requires a constant level of concentration, planning moves ahead, saving certain buildings or certain tiles to be used later, at the most efficient time.There are various game modes but the main objective in all modes is to clear columns of your “city”.  This is done in single-player mode by reaching a column target that will increase as the game progresses.  Playing versus the AI you will have to beat your opponent’s column score to claim your column points and their column points too.  If neither you nor the AI reach the column target you both collect your individually accrued points total.Playing versus the AI is a wonderful piece of game design, it is so suited for playing against a human opponent.  Sadly this is reserved only to be played locally in hot seat fashion.  The developer has stated that online multiplayer will not be added.  This is really sad as the potential fun for playing online is huge.The buildings at your disposal are distributed via a card system of which there are currently two hundred and five individual cards!  They are separated into six different tiers of cards and vary in how powerful they are.  Part of the strategy of the game is to influence your deck to your advantage, replacing less useful cards with more powerful cards.  There is a lot to consider and keep track on.I played through the campaign which maybe took 25 hours or so to get three stars in each level.  I was anticipating after finishing the campaign that the game might go stale without having any multiplayer mode but the game includes leaderboards and the fun continues trying to improve your own score and chase others higher up in the rankings.I find it very difficult to fault Concrete Jungle in any way.  Even the OST fits perfectly and the voice acting is equally charming!I can wholeheartedly recommend Concrete Jungle especially to those that enjoy a puzzle game that demands focus and requires concentration to be successful."
,Recommended,400160,18214423,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,sokolov,"Gameplay=======A puzzle game with building elements, it seems deceptively simple at a glance but is actually quite deep.  The combinations of cards and randomness can make for agonizing decisions.You start with a set of basic cards (which you can change).  Cards largely represent buildings of various types.  Your goal is to use these cards to earn points for each ""row"" of land.  You can earn more cards/skills during a scenario, but cards that give you currency typically have drawbacks, so you will need to balance your economy and point getting at the same time.The campaign is engaging, with a decently entertaining backstory that pushes it along.  The campaign introduces new elements and features gradually, but quickly enough that you shouldn't get bored.  Each scenario gives you have limited space and resources to achieve your goal, sometimes throwing you a curveball (for example, Coalfields has the AI place a random building down every 4 turns, disrupting your carefully laid plans).Characters each have their own set of ""Skills"" that you unlock during a given play, lending to varied playstyles and replayability.Audio====Decent ambient sound, but the highlight is the soundtrack.  Not obstrusive but easy to listen to.  You might even find yourself humming along after awhile!Voice Acting was a surprise - a pleasant one, I quite enjoy the narration/dialog, as tropey as they are sometimes.Graphics======Surprisingly good graphics for what, at first glance, appears to be a low-budget title.  Detailed, varied tilesets and even weather effects are present!That said, quality is mixed, some areas are well polished, and others less so, but you don't buy a puzzle game for graphics, right?Let's Play======http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=525501401"
76561198008183506,Not Recommended,400160,18205396,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Post Meridiem,"Sorry; not my cup of tea. It's not actually got anything to do with city building, and the difficulty ramp is simply brutal - which is generally fine so long as people are aware, but games take a REALLY long time and you don't get any warning if the later terrain is stacked against your character or not.As a card game, I'd class it as a deck builder (like Marvel's Legendary) played on a board; you start each game with a shallow pool of tier 1 cards (which you do get to customize with a limited range you unlock while slowly leveling), and you gain more - or replace them - by spending economy points from placing particular structures. You don't keep cards between games, beyond unlocking them for your starting slection/randomized pool.There are 5/6 card colours, but most are only useful/viable to a single character so helpful unlocks are pretty far apart (they don't generally clog you up too bad though, as you get a random selection of 4 to choose from when purchasing in-game). I did not find the characters to be remotely balanced; there's a woeful techie guy who posed no resistance at all (no point scoring abilities in a point scoring game), then at the opposite end of the spectrum there's a military lady who scores points in an inverted fashion - which gives her free reign to 'poison' the entire board, which is an incredible hinderance to others and gains her massive economic advantage.Positives+ Unique (on PC - not sure about table-top)+ Good game if you're looking for a challenge & can play for long sessions+ CharmingNegatives- Brutal diffculty- Games are very long & not very dynamic- Questionable balance- Not actually anything to do with city building"
76561198062930115,Recommended,400160,18244032,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,DG Dobrev,"Allrighty, folks, we are looking at a gem that doesn't even know what KIND of gem it is. Is it a strategy? Yes. Is it an Indie? Yes. Is it a Tetris-like game? Yes. Is it procedurally generated? Yes. Is it a Rogue-lite? Yes. Is it Ironman? Yes. Does it involve competition? Yes. Can you play it for hours and hours on end? YES!!!I was absolutely surprised just how much the game did right. So, in true fashion, let's take at the good and the Bad.The Good:1. Awesome AI. I love AI that can make my life a living hell. The AI will exploit your mistakes, take advantage of them, and crush you, rather than just hang back and let you feel all good for beating it.2. An ever changing world - be it on Campaign, or on custom, you need to plan for the future and play accordingly. I love this about a game, as it doesn't force you to take a level after another like a zombie.3. Pleasant graphics and relaxing music.4. Learning as you go - some people have complained that the game is hard - it is not. You just need to let it teach you, and then crush your opponents with a huge point lead.5. A card collection game - lots and lots of cards to collect, and that in itself, makes you play it over and over again till you find the bestcards that would suit your deck, principles, philosophy, and pattern of playstyle.6. Buildable decks - if you're into card games, this will reel you in big time. Based on your deck, you can do various builds and play or throw your opponent off big time.7. Thinking a number of moves ahead - as you have a complete visibility of the ever-changing field, your hand and the cards that come, you can plan a good number of turns ahead, just like in chess.8. Good replayability - as no two games are the same, you can have heaps of fun with this game, as the map layouts and the AI will challenge you big time.9. Good value for the money - right now the game costs twice the hours I played (7.2), and I easily see myself doing more and more of it. I expect to get my money's worth twice over.10. Even if I don't really care about settings menues and such, this game does provide a good amount of them.11. A nice amount of jokes that will put a smile on your face.12. The AI opponent diversity is great - from ones that will contest your city-beatutifying skills to those that will outright nuke your stuff, you will contantly be forced to adapt, and that is a huge bonus in my book.And now let's take a look at the BAD:1. Steep learning curve. You will need to do the walkthrough, get used to every character and play to their strengths on the fly. This is not as easy to do as it might sound. And don't get me started on card variety...2. You can lose games through no fault of your own. This for me is a huge gripe. I hate playing my best cards, or to the perfect strengths of my build and still lose because the opponent got lucky.3. No online MP. I hope the devs will add it, because local co-op without a coop partner is an SP game. While they did make the AI great, you will eventually get bored of it.Conclusion:As you see, getting used to the game and the multiplayer are its only huge setbacks. It is absolutely no wonder why it's so well accepted on steam. It does so much right - replyability, varying challenges, versus AI mode, procedural generation, cards, buildable decks, varying builds, puzzle-like mechanics, and whatnot.  If you're of fan of any of those genres, you will absolutely adore it. However, if you get easily irritated by loss, dislike games with huge learning curves, procedural generation or luck, I would easily say that this game is not for you."
,Recommended,400160,18319534,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Bad Whippet,"What is it?Concrete Jungle is not a building game, but a card-playing/Tetris style game that uses a much simplified residential/commercial/industrial Simcity layout where you need to avoid negative points (or at least 'repair' them with a few parks and other buffs).  If you've played card games like Hearthstone or Castle Wars, you'll be familiar with the style already (cards that either buff or nerf the already-played cards on the table), however, instead of placing your cards on the table, you have a grid of city squares that you fill with each property card in the hope of adding a required number of points to each row.  When the left-most row reaches the required points, it vanishes (Tetris-style) and a new empty row is added on the right which you can then use to buff preceding rows that might not have reached sufficient points.  You collect points from every row you clear, and you earn points from partiular cards played that can be saved to buy rarer and more powerful cards, or alternatively upgrade your skills via a simple RPG-style skills tree.  The game ends either when you've earnt the prerequisite points to beat the town level, or conversely when the left-most row can no longer be cleared (at which point it's game over if you've run out of lives!What's to like?The just-one-more-go addictiveness of it!  It's maddening really.  All those posh, expensive games you have, but instead this one will usurp your time!  It has a good tutorial to start you off, and the characters add some humour to the game.  It's such a clever blend of ideas that sound bizarre on a storyboard: what if Simcity was played like Hearthstone, and rows must be cleared like Tetris?  The developers have quite the imagination to make this combination work, but it does!  Indie games just go from strength to strength when it comes to originality, and this game does not disappoint (hence the overwhelmingly positive review score).  The price at first gives the impression of being a little steep for a casual game, but that's the thing: it's NOT as much of a casual game as it first appears.  It has more depth and stretegy to it than Hearthstone, and an infuriating yet funny AI to confound your attempts to breeze through the game.Anything not to like?Only the most minor of things.  Like many more casual games, there are spoken bits (speech bubbles to read) at the beginning of the tutorial levels.  There is an awful lot to click through and, while you CAN skip them, buried within are some necessary tips and guidance that you won't want to skip at first (so bear with it).  Because there is a lot more to the game than first appears, it can feel like the game is throwing a lot at you all at once, but after a few replays you will start to understand how the different component parts of the game (deck balancing, upgrades, avoiding blocked rows and using nerfs in a constructive way) come together, and it feels simple yet challenging to play.In summary...Concrete Jungle is  deceptively light-hearted and simple whilst offering a Hearthstone-style level of depth and strategy beneath its cartoony surface.  It's also surprisingly addictive (you have been warned)!  Highly recommended!"
,Recommended,400160,18245713,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,Cipherpunk,"Let's get one thing straight: Concrete Jungle isnota city management simulation. That much should be apparent from the trailer but I think I failed to fully grasp it before I made my purchase. Youtubing some Let's Play videos would have probably been useful in this regard. Anyway, don't let that scare you away. Yes, even you, guy who has 2000+ hours in City: Skylines, along with faithful recreations of every major city in the world. You frighten me, but I admire your passion for building stuff.Concrete Jungleisa game that skillfully combines the heart of a city management simulation and the brain of a hardcore puzzler, gushing with style and substance. That was a mouthful so let me try that again:Concrete Jungle is a damn good game.When you start a game, you're given a handful of cards and a plot of land tiles arranged in a grid. The cards represent the various buildings you can construct and contain statistics and rules about their impact on your city. As you add new buildings to the plot, they'll often change the value of tiles around them. Shops and restaurants will add value whereas factories and landfills will cause nearby values to plummet. When all the cards are played, the deck is shuffled and you continue to draw from the fresh pile. What you want to do is play houses, which collect points, in high value areas to maximize your score. Scoring happens when you fill a row (the game refers to them as columns but I insist they are rows) with buildings and the value of those buildings hits your current target number. Like Tetris, the filled row is cleared and more space is created for buildings. How well you score is determined by how you min/max your placement of buildings. The round starts with a deck of a few basic buildings but more powerful buildings can be purchased from a semi-random pool with economy points. There's also a roster of eight different characters to play as with unique skill trees that are gradually unlocked as the round progresses.The proceeding was an, admittedly, clinical explanation of what amounts to an utterly engrossing experience. The visuals are bright and charming and the music is a soothing backdrop for thoughtful play. Each of the campaign levels includes voice-acted scenes that may not be perfect but were still enjoyable. However, it was a relief to discover they could be skipped after failed attemps. There's also a strong flavor of city building which is well reinforced by it's 200+ buildings with well thought-out, thematic powers. Car dealerships target rich neighborhoods to give you economy points. Train stations add more points based on how many connections they create. Recycling centers can delete underpowered cards from your hand. Youth centers look to the future, allowing you to draw more cards and plan ahead etc. It was a ton of fun just figuring out why each building does what it does and this kind of mechanical immersion is exactly what makes Concrete Jungle such a brilliant game.The game can be played solo but also includes a versus variant. Having not learned my lesson about preconceived notions, I imagined that this would be a tacked-on, horribly underdeveloped and unnecessary alternative to the ""core"" gameplay. Nothing could be further from the truth. Versus mode has both 1v1 and 2v2 variants (for the love of God, please add online multiplayer!) and changes the rules in a few key aspects. The most compelling difference is the scoring: the player with the most points in each row gets both theirsandtheir opponents points for that row, which is genius. What ensues is a sharp and tactical battle of risk and reward. It has some small elements of luck, sure, but ultimately, it favors players with a knack for planning and inventiveness. Many of the cards also have to be reevaluated in this environment and open the door for some very cool advanced strategies. That factory you don't want stinking up your valuable real estate? Perhaps your opponent will enjoy having it dropped right in the middle of their housing project. Because local multiplayer is currently the only option, I'm in the process of contriving a friends-on-the-couch situation solely so I can confound everyone with my competitive city engineering skills.Concrete Jungle has completely defied my expectations and I'm so glad that it did. It's a fantastic specimen in the genre of puzzle games. There's still a ton of content left for me to unlock and I expect to be playing this one for many, many hours to come."
,Not Recommended,400160,31230630,Posted: 18 April,all,wizcreations,"The game starts off interesting enough, but rapidly goes downhill.  It's a deck-building board game at heart that has absolutely nothing to do with city management and very little flexibility in the deck building.You have a set of cards that correspond to various types of developments and must place them into a grid of city spaces in such a way as to earn points.  The game is purely a puzzle game with randomized pieces. (Think Tetris, but with a bit of theme.)The campaign starts you off slowly.  Houses are the point earning buildings.  Schools, shops, and entertainment make houses worth more points.  Factories, power plants, and warehouses remove points.  Your deck starts off with basic cards that you generally don't ever to use once more cards are unlocked, but you're always stuck with the junk in your deck and no good way to get rid of it for most characters.  Pretty soon more cards are thrown into the mix but no strategic advice is provided to determine how the cards can work well together.  There are a plethora of cards to unlock, but doing so requires an incredibly difficult and lengthy grind of replaying the same game over and over to level up each character.  Each character also has a complicated tech-tree full of abilities for you to figure out how to use (with very ambiguous descriptions provided).Levels very quickly ramp up in difficulty and even stack the board against you.  The solo campaign ends before you even have a full understanding of how the game works.  After that you're forced into multiplayer battles against AI who always have better decks than you.  The game doesn't really provide any feedback to how you are doing until it's too late.  You can start a match thinking you're doing well only to later realize that you don't have enough of the good cards in your deck to score any points in the end game, whereas your opponent is perfectly poised to score over and over again.I think the game has an interesting premise, but the execution and delivery are just downright terrible.  The tutorial needs to be completely revamped so that it actually teaches players how to fully play the game.  It may be more enjoyable if you didn't have to struggle for hours on end trying to understand how each mechanic works and how to actually play strategically.  The game also needs a playable campaign for each character that focuses on the strengths and weaknesses specific to each character's deck instead of what it currently does, which is to just throws you into a new character role with no explanation on the particularities of the character.  These poor design choices force you to repeat the same handful of levels over and over again, which grow boring very quickly."
,Recommended,400160,25704296,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Coker McCokerton,"This is a great Puzzle deck building game.  As has already been stated it is NOT a city buliding game, but instead uses city building as the theme for a deck builder.  As a board/card gamer I LOVE this game.  The only gripe i have is no online and I wish there was more.  I'm hoping there is more to come for this game.  I know a lot of people thought this was supposed to be something else, but its time to get over it and accept that this is a great game in its own right.  You pick a character to use with its own tech tree and you pick your starting 12 cards and after that its time to play!   You can see your next 5 cards in order and can play one of the first two.  you have to manage increasing the value of the spaces and tactically placing your point collecting buildings.  You also have cards that give you economy that allows you to draft more cards to help you or instead you can work on your characters tech tree!The VS mode in this game is well done and dynamic. You can play local co op with up to 4 people or against AI.  If any of this sounds like something you would be interested in give it a try!  Its a great concept and I'm all for more games like Concrete Jungle!"
76561198025322345,Recommended,400160,20502402,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,NTG,"Deck building games always intrigued me. Not being a fan of the ""fantasy"" themes is one of the reasons that I never really got into them, since that excludes many of the common digital and physical games in this category.I'm however a huge fan of the building and management genre of games. I grew up playing hundreds of hours of Rollercoaster Tycoon, Sim City, Transport Tycoon, Zoo Tycoon, etc. So when I saw Concrete Jungle for the first time I thought it too was a game in this genre. Judging from other reviews and comments I'm clearly not the only one who thought this.Just to be clear: Concrete Jungle is NOT a city building game. It's a deck building game that looks like one. But it's a really fun game nonetheless. It looks and feels really nice with satining graphical and sound effects with every interaction. The AI is very competent and clearly communicates what it does by using the same interface as the player. And that is just as well because good luck finding another person to play this game with. You will have to find someone locally with a comparable skill level, otherwise their is no fun to be had. Concrete Jungle would have so much more replay value if it had a online multiplayer mode.Without a online multiplayer mode I highly doubt that their are much people that get more out of this game than the 15 hours I had with it. 15 really fun hours, don't get me wrong. But I feel it could have been much more if I had reasons to keep coming back. Especially if I could play this on a tablet. I would be totally hooked."
,Recommended,400160,18174648,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,[HKG] Paperwork,"This isn't actually Simcity, it's actually Dominion (the deck building board game) meets Tetris with a City Building theme.Bascially, you have a deck, you will need to fill each row with X points worth of houses to clear the row (Tetris style), but you modify your deck as you play, removing low value cards and adding high value cards into your deck to increase the overall value each time you shuffle (Dominion style).For some reason it lacks Internet multiplayer (only hotseat multiplayer).It may not be in your taste, but you cannot deny it's interesting due to its uniqueness. Is there any other video game that says COMPETITIVE CITY PLANNING?"
76561197999450652,Recommended,400160,22354641,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,dibs,"Really fun tile placing game. If you like Carcassoe, image this is it on steroids. The campaign was great fun and super challenging. i didn't get a lot of mileage out of the free play modes, but they offer a lot if you are into score chasing."
,Recommended,400160,32839992,Posted: 26 June,all,worthlesstangent,"A great game for those who enjoy turn based games/board games where you can take your time planning your next move(s).  Some of the actual deck building was frustrating, as many of the card abilities were hard to interpret, but overall pretty well put together game.  Some of the cards are locked until leveling up, which seems unnecessary.  There are also 5 levels of skills you can access, but I only got above level 3 in ONE game, seems a little short sighted... there's a few other small annoyances, but they're mostly minor.I completed the main game in about 12 hours, and wanted more.  That last level was a real tricky one.Not a game for those looking for a city builder, that's just the theme they chose (it works, but probably could have been another theme just as easily)."
76561198104076941,Recommended,400160,18166539,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Inflatable Bunny,"It's hard to describe Concrete Jungle. This game is a truly beautiful card game with a dash of city builder that makes gameplay both simple and complicated at the same time.The gameplay is simple enough. Your goal is to get the total value in each column to tally up to the required target until you've eliminated all columns on the board by setting down different types of cards (buildings) that can either raise or lower your total for a column. What ends up making the game so complicated (and so fun) is that it forces you to strategize how each card you place now might affect your chances of clearing a column in the next turn or many turns into the future. And so, this simple game becomes really complicated really quickly.The art and the music are perfect and the gameplay is very solidly built. You can clearly see the developer has spent a lot of time balancing out the cards and creating a tutorial that goes a long way to make sure you have every advantage without completely holding your hand. This is one of those games that you sit down to play for a few minutes only to continually find yourself playing ""just one more!"""
,Not Recommended,400160,21059096,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Khorax,"It's a good game, but honestly, way too punishingly difficult. The difficulty ramps up severely even before describing some of the mechanics, like switching characters. I fear this is done to lengthen the playtime of the game, but all-in-all, it's too hard. I enjoy it, the mechanics are fun and nice, but because the game is so hard, I can't get into it. I've had problems with punishingly difficult AI in other games. Though I do like a challenge now and then, I feel that I have waisted my money. I did not purchase a game to be frustrated time and time again. Honestly, I should ask for a refund until they release a version with a better considered difficulty scale."
,Not Recommended,400160,20034489,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Chemical Taint,"Requires more luck than a slot machine.When I read the description of the game I was excited to create a city using random cards from a deck that I could configure and draw from. This was not the case on either the city building or the deck building side. You are only building a city one column at a time and are restricted to a 6x7 tile grid. Based on the images of the game I was hoping that this was only the ""view area"" of my potentially huge city, not the confined space I get to work in. Additionally, you have very little control over what cards are in your deck. Each level of the campaign starts you with a specific set of cards that MUST be placed in a specific location/order to progress in the proper manner. If you don't you will lose lives or end up with a low score. Take note that you need a very high score to achieve 3 stars on a level, as well as to rank up and unlock new cards. You can buy cards in each level, but they only remain for that level, and only contribute the the pre-assigned deck for that level. Also, the cards you get to purchase are random so you have to be extremely lucky to get 1 benficial card out of the 4 you are presented at a time. My last complaint is that there is too much story for a ""puzzle"" game. Many levels you will have to play multiple times to get a good score. With unskippable dialog (as of v1.1.2) at the beginning of (and mixed into) each level, this added reduntant and wasted time to each level. I sank about 20 hours into this game to beat it, but I feel like I could have run through the whole thing in an enjoyable 5-10 if they had cut out the dialog and let me build my own decks. The custom games are SLIGHTLY better, but I think I probaby feel that way because there is no story attached.Pros:Beatiful art styleGood voice actingUnique building designsCons:Unskippable dialogMinimal deck configurationGameplay relies heavily on luckMost levels require multiple playthroughsHas a lot of ""filler"" that is used to take up timeIs not the prequel to Predator: Concrete Jungle"
76561198012556799,Recommended,400160,25209003,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Sombrero,"Really an amazing idea of gameplay for this game. I really hope devs will think of a sequel with even more content (cards, characters) and why not some more graphical variety.My only ""complain"" about the game would be the lack of online and the lack of clarity at times whether it is about the effects of cards (for example you can give +1 sometimes prior to put your collect points but sometimes not depending on the card, very confusing) and also on the color schemes. Blue vs Purple when you play a rural build for example is really annoying, overall the ""blocks"" are not noticeable enough.In any way if you like strategic board kind of game this is the one to go, and it is really cool to play with friends locally."
,Recommended,400160,31548315,Posted: 4 May,all,Luja,"Interesting puzzle game using decks of cards - a bit reminiscent of Tetris.Took me a while to really get behind the mechanics of deck-building, but then served for hours of entertainment, as difficulty tangibly rises with each level and more and more enemies and cards were unlocked. I also really enjoyed the graphics."
76561198020479238,Recommended,400160,18174874,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Plebeian Bob,"A surprise in almost every respect, in a good way.Hate reading? Watch me be mayor for a day! Now even with sounds! (AV cables required)Pros:_Excellent presentations: The game looks nice and clean. The UI are simple and convey just the right amount of information. The different buildings are fun to look at, with flowing traffics surounding them. Character portraits are actually very pleasant with different facial expressions._Sounds great: Sound effects are easy on the ears. Voice acting are surprisingly great. Music take a backseat to the ambients, but that's ok._Interesting, complex game mechanics: It's a unique card game, with a built-in economy of risk/rewards, that plays like a puzzle board game heavy on simple arithmatics and planning. It's hard to explain in words, but intuitive when you play. In other word, it's great._Lots to unlock: You unlock more cards as you play through the game through an EXP system. No booster packs buying here though, just simple, straightforward unlocks._Nice, light-hearted story: Ain't no timeless epic, but the story is entertaining, and will get a chuckle or two out of you. Very likable characters too.Cons:_It isn't a city-builder: This is only a con if you're here for the city-building (also, because I can't think of anything else really) You won't have the freedom to make your utopia like in Cities Skylines or anything like that. The city building is simply a theme, not a central game mechanic.Overall, is it worth $15? Abso-♥♥♥♥ing-lutely! It's fun, pretty, charming and unique. You WILL get addicted to playing it if you're not careful."
76561198006651726,Not Recommended,400160,31763110,Posted: 14 May,all,The Good,"This is a review for anyone who enjoys perfecting a simple game like this. Concrete Jungle is a game that is learned quickly, but takes some careful planning to master. And part of the fun of these games is learning all the patterns, unlocking all the top-tier cards, and then creating an unstoppable deck. The problem is this game doesn't allow you to become an end-game god.It's not because the game is difficult. I could respect a game that ramps up in difficulty to the point where it is unbeatable. Concrete Jungle certainly has those types of elements. However, the game stopper for a skilled player is something insidious: hidden caps. For instance, one card allows you to increase your building allowences (think of it as a budget), but eventually you hit a limit and the game stops counthing them. So effectively this normally great card becomes useless. Actually, worse, it's a penalty because the card is forever in deck wasting space. And the limit isn't because you reach some obsene number that could cause an integer overflow. No it's because you reach 200-- a value easily reached in custom game play.Also, the block sizes are capped. Normally blocks are limited to 4 tiles. Some cards allow you to increase the block size which can be helpful for cases where where you have a ton of +1 bonuses attached to that block. You can rack up a lot of points this way. But then, at around 15 tiles in the block, you can't increase the size of the block anymore. This hidden cap snuck up on me at the worst moment. I spent 30 turns carefully planning how to make a maximal efficiency block only to find when I needed to reap the rewards, I no longer could because my carefully crafted block maxed out in size. There's no logical reason for this limitation and it feels like a punishement for playing the game too well.tl;dr If you're a perfectionist who enjoys mastering games, CJ isn't worth your time. It'll punish you for playing too well."
,Not Recommended,400160,20735982,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Takashiwolf,"It pains me to write a negative review on this game for it does have so many qualities that I love about a good indie game. Awesome soundtrack, cute visual style, quirky and smart humor/writing, unique city planning and ‘building’ system. But I feel people should know what their getting into and the issues this game has.One being the gameplay, far too many cards are locked at the start and it takes a very substantial amount time and XP to unlock them. Not that I have anything against unlocks or level systems I just feel the starting deck amount is not very diverse and the early games feel pretty ‘samey’ even with the different playable characters.  Another issue is how brutally unforgiving the game is. Again don’t get me wrong I feel too many games nowadays are cakewalks but theres a difference between being challengingly fun and just plain downright unfair. Too many times I’ll have a good row of points then in one swoop the AI gains a F**k you card and can trash the whole row instantly. Which in turn means you lost the half-hour match and gain absolutely ZERO XP at the end. It feels more like luck based rather than skill and the odds are ever not in your favor. Yeah, not my cup o’ tea or idea of a fun time.Other issues include the visual style. As mentioned above I do enjoy the overall look of this game but it feels somewhat ‘dead’ at times with how lively the music and spectacular voice acting is. The only animations are the cars zooming around the roads at 200mph, even when slowed down in the options, and sometimes the factories smokestacks plume flat identical smoke effects. And that’s about it, living breathing alive city this ain’t. No people walking around, no signs blinking on buildings, no windows being washed or parks bustling with patrons. There is a pretty nifty rain cycle but more details such as perhaps snow or clouds would have been great. Now from what I understand reading the Dev blog and news clips this game will eventually gain a day/night cycle and perhaps some more details. Here’s hoping.There’s also a feeling of a lack of features. While theres no online multiplayer, which personally doesn’t bother me any, I feel that for what they were going for with the VS mode there should have at least been an LAN option. As is you have to share the same screen/PC to play it with another person. Also no Mac or Linux support? I can tell that decision has exiled a lot of potential players. The Steam Workshop would also be perfect for this game. Custom card creation or heck even actual card trading on the market that can be played in game like IRL games!In the end, yeah I’m sorta kicking myself for spending full price getting this game. But at least I have the good feeling of supporting the little guys making games with their hearts and not mega corps only after the money. I’d say its sill worth getting 50% off, but consider the issues and read the other reviews here before buying so you really know what you’re getting yourself into."
,Recommended,400160,30646516,Posted: 20 March,all,bunnzy,"I was really looking forward to this game!  The first few levels were great and then it got REAL HARD REAL F'ING FAST.  Or I'm stupid.  No, the game just got super hard super fast and I couldn't go any further.Way to break people man, so cruel.It's a good game, I recommend it.  Not if you want to relax and chill out though."
76561197994492379,Recommended,400160,28761777,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Sazgo,Was not expecting that much from this game but it has been very hard to stop playing it.Puzzle game with deck building where you have to fit buildings together to create points. It has a lot of depth especially in versus mode. The ai opponents seemed pretty competent too.Highly recommended.
,Recommended,400160,19136256,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,akhsavi,"""Few-in-a-row"" - what can be more primitive, right? Wrong!!!It's about:city building management;""erasing"" lines like inTetris;shaping card deck to obtain winning strategy and flexible tactics;logic, calculations and thinking in advance.Why you should play this:calculation and neccessity to think before acting is an entertainment for you;few game modes:Campaign (consists of Solo and Versus stages, AI is competitive enough): you need to fill the row with different constructions and at the same time collect enough points to ""erase"" a row to move further - some cards aggregate points, other collect them, another - decrease;Versus (against AI or other users): available space is splitted on personal zones, where only particular party can built, and common zone - this one available for all: you need to collect more points than your opponent;Solo: you need to achieve maximum amount of points on a limited space or just play in endless mode.various cards for you deck with fair amount of possibilities for different tactics;many available characters with unique abilities and cards for deck;couthie visuals and nice soundtrack;high replay ability unless you don't like purposeless endless mode.Why you may not like it:despite the fact that cards have description and there're a lot of words in tutorial, it's easier to understand how one or another card works only after some fair amount of mistakes; especially if we're talking about cards which provide bonuses when they are merged in a group (block);characters talk way too much before each mission in campaign - even skipping dialogs is tedious;there're high chances that you finish campaign mode long before you unlock all available cards;in some Versus missions in campaign AI starts with much better card deck than you are - it looks like a way to compensate it's imperfection;there's an impression that in Versus missions in campaign AI gets right cards in right moment, in other words - cheating;idea with building a team which consist of different people with diffrent abilities looks unfinished, because in the beginning of each mission you have to shape your card deck from the same 1st level card set regardless the chosen character.It has its flaws, however, this concrete will cement you in front of your PC very firmly."
76561197971079985,Not Recommended,400160,18182457,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Kruztee,I feel that the game's description is slightly misleading. Make no mistake that this game is 100% puzzle. If you don't like puzzle games (and it's a difficult one at that) then you won't enjoy this at all.More Tetris than anything else5/10
76561198097825619,Recommended,400160,29700678,Posted: 4 February,all,Aaron j b t,"A very well-designed puzzle game. It was surprisingly charming and well worth the price.It reminds me of the satisfying feeling in Tetris when you get two long blocks in a row and full-clear a perfect setup, combined with the competitive strategy feeling from a fun board game, but also with the take-as-much-time-you-need-to-plan-your-move feeling from solitaire or freecell.  If you enjoyed any of these games, you will enjoy this one.After the campaign, I got a few extra hours of enjoyment in the custom solo mode.  I even went achievement hunting--something I never do--because I enjoyed the concept of the game so much. Each run requires a different strategy depending on your goal."
,Recommended,400160,24060924,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Kit,"The main reason I purchased this game was due to the local multiplayer function.In the two player multi-player game (but you can play up to 4 people) you have 6 lanes of building squares.  2 lanes on each side are exclusive to one player, and the middle two are open for anyone to build.Building houses gets you points, while other buildings boost the points houses get, or take points away.  So if you build a nasty polluting factory next to the other player's houses they lose points.As you progress you can purchase new cards and abilities, so the buildings in each player's deck will diverge.  There are a good variety of cards, and it's a nice strategic turn-based strategy game to play against others.Conclusion:  If you like to play board games, then I think you will enjoy this game a lot.  You have a fun single-player puzzle game and fun local multiplayer city-tile battle game."
,Recommended,400160,21006820,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,STNO | agent oranje,"Fun little card-based puzzle game with a city-builder theme. Basic gameplay is easy, but there's defitinely a strategic depth that keeps things interesting."
76561197970198990,Recommended,400160,18325138,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Khrest,"If you like puzzle games and deck builders, but are not put off by multiple layers of stratey, then this is for you. I find few modern strategy games leave me pondering my turns for minutes at a time but this can be one. The muliple deck options and multiple tech trees make the game infinitely varied and the developer has done a great job it seems of taking an initial concept and then layering content on top of it.Graphically the game is very attractive indeed, but my highest marks go to the voice work and script. Some of the lines are delivered so perfectly that the humour is laugh-out-loud funny and few games deliver that, especially strategy ones.I find it difficult to believe that this is largely the work of a single developer! Cole is clearly very talented in design, coding and graphics so deserves full marks for producing such a complete title."
76561198002450835,Recommended,400160,23633451,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Nutlaw,"Fun little game. Cute. I like the voice acting in the scenario mode, actually. It's a puzzle game with buildings as cards that basically involve you pushing up land value in each column to a certain number of points to progress further. Lots of cards to unlock and a decent variety of situations that they throw at you. Not something that I want to play for large amounts of time, but fun to fool around with for a little bit."
,Recommended,400160,18348094,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Morello,"Concrete Jungle is a surprising gem.Combining the city-building theme, puzzle-game ""line-clearing"", and deck building ala Dominion looks like a kitchen-sink design, but the elements sing naturally and cleanly.Versus mode contains a lot of depth, and the clarity of seeing the enemy's choices on their deck and strategy can make you really feel like when you lose, you learned and got better. Very nice trait. The lack of a timer also makes it a bit more palletable outside of the core puzzle game crowd.I heartedly recommend Concrete Jungle. It's unique, well-done, and the price is right. :)"
,Recommended,400160,18181285,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,//KC.,"The successor to the Xbox Live puzzle strategy game Megacity, Concrete Jungle takes everything that made its predecessor so fun and greatly expands on that.The core game play from Megacity is still there, but with number of playable card increased by over 5x the original game, deck building & skill trees, and new building grouping/stacking mechanics, it's still a simple to learn game at its core but mastering it has become a very complex affair.The game also has a fleshed out, and fully voice acted campaign. The campaign provides a pretty decent challenge and varied game play, but it might be a little tougher for those new to the ""Megacity""-style of game play or are relatively new to puzzle strategy games. Also <3 the Mayor, he is amazing lol :)The game has a really fun versus, competitive mode that you can play with the AI, and unfortunately local multiplayer with people only. Hopefully online MP gets added sometime in the future.Overall Rating: I absolutely recommend if you're looking for a puzzle strategy game that's easy to get into, or if you're into board games themed around city building that focuses on tile placement, area influence, and deck building ala Dominion style."
76561198042237959,Not Recommended,400160,31012364,Posted: 8 April,all,ezdez,"Gameplay is unique spin on a deck building puzzle game, Concrete Jungle is innovative for the first few games. There is a steep learning curve and the game gets very hard very quickly. It's not 100% clear how you go about unlocking more cards, and the game can swing around very quickly when playing competitively. Personally, not quite for me and I can't recommend it even for fans of deck building games. It's not a city builder so don't go into it think that's what you're playing."
,Recommended,400160,18164880,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Kodiak,"I've been looking forward to this game, which builds wonderfully on the mechanics Cole Powered Games first explored in Megacity, but nothing could have prepared me for the magnificent design and beauty of Concrete Jungle.  The game has amazing production value, and balances puzzle-design, deckbuilding and cost-benefit mechanics seamlessly.  It eases the player well into its layers and makes for a great experience overall.This is a game less for city-builders than it is for min-maxers...people looking to eke every last bit of efficiency out of a system.  The challenges are formidable but fair, the voice acting and art design merge seamlessly together.  I truly believe this is the best game at this price point right now on Steam."
,Recommended,400160,18368506,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,ファランクス,"I've decided to write this review as I have been enjoying this game very much since I bought it. Concrete Jungle, a deck-building, city-planning game with puzzle elements does a great job of introducing itself. Throughout the campaign, each mission starts off with a little dialogue between the characters in the game. Each character is well voice-acted and the script was well written too. I normally skip cutscenes but I didn't feel the urge to as I thoroughly enjoyed the conversations.Concrete Jungle's campaign difficulty scales rather quickly. However, it is the only way to unlock more characters in the game. Each character has a unique deck playstyle and keeps the experience fresh. You can challenge each mission with any of the 8 unlockable characters in the game.Apart from the campaign, the game allows for custom game creation with up to 3 different game modes, Solo, Classic and Versus.Solo and Classic game modes are pretty much the same with Classic mode letting luck decide how your deck builds. Versus mode on the other hand, plays out very differently from the other modes and surprised me with how fun it was. I hope the devs port this game to mobile platforms as Concrete Jungle would make a great game to play on the go."
,Recommended,400160,21068529,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,birb,"If you think this looks even remotely interesting, buy it. If it doesn't hook you by the 2 hour steam-refund cut off, then I'd be surprised.It's fun, it's simple, and it's relaxing."
,Recommended,400160,18182220,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Anri,Have OCD? This game is for you!Step 1. Play Game.Step 2. Game is Fun.Step 3. Try to beat a level. A tutorial level. Level have stars. Get certain points to get Max stars.Step 4. Be stuck on tutorial level trying to reach max stars.Step 5. Max points for Max stars. Get 1080 / 1100.Step 6. ♥♥♥♥ this game!Step 7. Keep playing.
76561197961372576,Recommended,400160,20427873,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Delor,"A very enjoyable deck-building puzzle game, with far better writing and voice acting than you'd expect from a product of this scope.  I'd highly recommend it.My complaints are very limited:-No online multiplayer, which is a shame because both the solo city-building and the competitive play modes are very well designed and fleshed out.  OTOH, I'm not sure if a small release like this could have expected to attract and maintain enough of a player base to support this anyway.-There's a slow progression grind to unlock starter cards, and you get 0 XP for failing a mission.  After having spent five-ish tries trying to beat one of the opponents, with a significant time time invested per attempt, it'd be nice to at least have a little progress to show for it."
,Recommended,400160,20429206,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,The Metaphysical Beaver,"Super fresh concept, with good controller support. Well worth it on sale.Great difficulty curve, good pacing and funny dialouge. An all around well polished game."
,Recommended,400160,29848128,Posted: 11 February,all,Phoenix,"Well-made, engaging and addictive game. Having simple tetris-like idea at its core, Concrete Jungle adds several elements which, surprisingly, bring you several new dimensions of depth and fun.1.) Card deck-building allows you to come up with many viable, but totally unique, game strategies and play styles.2). Several characters you can choose to play as, each having different traits, buffs and unique cards, let you individualize chosen playstyle even further.3). A separate game mode, where you can play versus AI! AI which is able to: play pretty smart, use unique strategies just like you, regularly slap you in the face, and, ocassionally, gloriously humiliate you if you're not careful.Also: city-planning setting (aren't you a bit bored with abstract puzzles?); campaign with actual plot and hilarious characters; nice graphics; great soundtrack.Innovative. Charming. Awesome."
,Recommended,400160,22274672,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,clewis2488,"The puzzle concept is pretty neat, actually. I enjoy a little bit of a challenge. But I would say that after 3 levels, it is suddenly nearly IMPOSSIBLE to complete a level, it does put me out a little. I enjoy it, but only for the concepts and for idea of the game. The difficulty turns it up to 11 pretty quick. Pick it up if it's on sale."
,Recommended,400160,20205819,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,OmegaRosey,"Excellent game, love the concept. It's just as the described on the store page, a city planning deck building game... plays like a board game with cards that modify different tiles on a grid. The goal is ultimately to clear the columns in the grid and score the most points. Loads of fun and requires some creative problem solving to work your way through some of the more puzzling scenarios which present themsleves. Not a good choice for people who dislike the challenge of planning a strategy or those who would prefer to avoid doing a little simple math. The learning curve can be steep, especially if you use a xbox controller, as the tutorial doesn't teach the xbox controller button configuration, only the keyboard. I muddled through it just fine after some trial and error."
76561198029778695,Recommended,400160,18224735,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,llamaark,"splendid game,  detailed designed from UI to gameplay,  absolutely worth playing!"
,Recommended,400160,28795467,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Beefenstein,"An exceptionally fun deck->block puzzle game. This is NOT a city builder, it's a puzzle game, and suited to shorter play sessions compared to an immersive city sim. I fully endorse it because it's awesome."
,Recommended,400160,18656762,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Tobi1Kenobi,"Deck building that runs deep, underpinning a very fun card city building game with unique character skills. Such a shame that its local MP only."
76561198000574574,Recommended,400160,20159718,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Tomixcomics,"I bought this game during the steam winter sale. I was on the fence about buying it for a long time because it seemed like it was basically a newer version of a completely free flash game I've played - megacity.When I saw it was on sale I went online to see if there are differences between the two, and the internet assured me that indeed there are.Both are essentialy puzzle games bordering on the casual (this version much, much less than the original, online version, though.)I've played it and I'm happy to say the internet was right and then some. Gameplay has been completely rehauled, taking the good parts of it (the addictiveness, the basic concept) and adding a ton of gameplay elements to it. While still offering a ""classic mode"" for those who want to play the game the way it used to be.The first big difference is the campaign mode. You now have a bunch of levels, with a small story connecting them together, each with a sligthly different style of play or challenge to them. This is by far one of the game's best elements in my opinion.Also, instead of the next buildings you can place being entirely random, you can now decide what buildings you want to have in your deck of cards. Some buildings are ""repeating"" buildings, meaning after you use them they'll show up again, and some buildings are one-shots. The logner you play and the more points you score, the better the buildings you can buy for your deck.You can also play as different characters who have different abilities and a certain game style that works best for them (For example, One character specializes in building rural areas with spread out farms who don't make much points, which take up a lot of space but make the game's difficulty level rise much slower, while another specializes on building an industrial zone, which actually benefits from ""negative"" areas that might be bad for other characters, anotehr character builds luxury high rises which make tons of points but make the gmae's difficulty spike, etc. etc.)This version of the game also offers a ""Versus"" mode that lets you play against the computer (or an offline multiplayer version). It's definitely an interesting challenge. What the game is sorely lacking however is ONLINE multiplayer!Sadly, herein comes my biggest disappointment in the game. While the campaign mode is very fun, it takes it's time building up steam to the point where it's a real challenge, and once it ends, there's not much replayability in the game. You can play in solo mode and try to beat your own score, but if you use a certain character, you manage to last so very, very long and score a ton of points (much more than you would with any other character) before you hit a ""difficulty wall"", where the game inevitably ends. and replaying it would take a long itme only for the point difference to be marginal at best I'm guessing. Which renders it pointless.So basically now the only thing I have left to do in this game is go back to the levels I didn't score 3 stars on (sort of the level's ""gold medal"") and try to get it. I wish it had either a logner campaign, an online mode, or something with a bit more replayability but frankly if a game's problem is ""I wanted more of it"" that's probably a good problem to have.I kinda recommend this game... I REALLY recommend it if it's on a good priced sale, which to be fair, it should be pretty often."
,Recommended,400160,20961347,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,yxg21,Chinese please.like it.
,Recommended,400160,18204583,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,FreeClaw,"A very unique and suprisingly difficult puzzle game,Highly recommended."
76561197966664228,Recommended,400160,28695898,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Djtooth,"Fantastic game.Great story, soundtrack and amazing yet unique gameplay.10/10 binge and tell your friends."
,Recommended,400160,28745411,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Orb,"This game was not just eye candy, but an unexpectedly fun puzzle. Would have loved if the campaign was ten times as long."
76561198099272400,Recommended,400160,22624919,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,trrz1,"This game is simple to get into, but incredibly deep, especially when you are trying to go for 3 star rating on every level. Multitude of characters also means varying styles of gameplay. I wholeheartedly recommend it."
,Recommended,400160,18177965,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Alzorath,"Concrete Jungle is a well designed puzzle game first and foremost. It takes inspiration from a variety of sources, and has an almost ""Tetris"" vibe to it at times with row removal based on points acrued. The game runs exceptionally smooth, has a nice 'background' sound track (doesn't interfere with thought, but adds a nice track of music to listen to while moving forward), and the tutorial is very clear (albeit a bit drawn out in my opinion).I would put a pros and cons list here, but It would be only a very short ""con"" list, and that is no online multiplayer (though local multiplayer is just fine for a title like this, as online would probably ramp up the cost and complexity for the dev - which I don't think would be justified for this style of game).The Campaign is straight forward - Listen to Dialogue, follow the rules to beat the level, get some more dialogue and move on. This is also where you'll find the tutorial that explains the mechanics of the game.The Custom game is what I really enjoy - it has 3 formats:Solo - You build your deck, and try to reach a determined number of rows (or infinite rows if you've got a while). Difficulty increases as part of the core mechanics, meaning longer games don't just mean 'more of the same' - as you actually need more points to capture a row as you go further in.Classic - Same as Solo, except you don't build your deck - you just take it as it comes (read: Tetris mode :P)VS - Interesting dynamic where you're both trying to boost your points, and screw over your opponent, you both have 'private build zones' (in your team's color) and you can play with up to 4 players (1v1, 1v2, 1v3, 2v2) - the goal is to have the highest points in a column when it fills up - as scores are combined (so you don't have to necessarily keep your opponent's score low, you just have to make sure yours is higher).If you'd like to see my early first impressions and some actual gameplay footage, I've included a video - though I can definitely recommend checking this game out.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=524068814"
76561198115829784,Recommended,400160,24793580,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,frank2351,Great strategic puzzle-game with lots of variety. Easy to get sucked in quite a bit. In my opinion one of the better logic-puzzles out there.Voice actors are really great in this one aswell. If you can get it on sale it's definately a buy.
76561198137081534,Not Recommended,400160,18466861,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,hello369,"It's OK I guess. The overall concept isn't much fun. You are delt a series of cards with the goal of getting the column to equal 3 (or 4). If that isn't boring enough, this game is hard! I often had to repeat the same level over and over, even the early ones. If it wasn't for the city building theme (and that's all it is, a theme), this game would be horrendous."
76561198081664580,Recommended,400160,29725051,Posted: 5 February,all,Lord Cio,It runs in my pc
,Recommended,400160,28717176,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,The Wanderer,One of the best card games on Steam at the moment! Super awesome and fun when you break out a huge combo or turn the tables on your opponent. Plenty of room for big plays to be pulled off.
76561198007556125,Recommended,400160,18781471,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,kaworu,Unique mix of puzzle/tetris/deck builder board game in city builder theme. HUGE amount of different building types. Pretty difficult and very satisfying game with eye-pleasuring graphics
76561198056324539,Recommended,400160,22413683,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,jimbeaux2,I have enjoyed this game very much.  It is a good puzzle game that includes planning.
76561198023095542,Not Recommended,400160,20180286,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,R401JL,"This is a nice little game.  Well made, neat concept, sound mechanics and all that.What this is NOT, is a city builder game.  If you're thinking you'll get a nice twist on SimCity, you won't.It's a CCG / Puzzler that I got bored of pretty quickly.  But then I was expecting a city builder."
,Recommended,400160,28226347,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Aurora,10/10
,Not Recommended,400160,18192482,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,irishcomrade1911,"Less of a Review, more of a warning. If your looking for a city building game. this is not that game. this is 100 percent puzzle with a sim city style cosmetic overhaul. that is all. and to be honest there are much better puzzle games out there at a third of the cost. Make no mistake, this is by no means a bad game, just not at all what I was looking for."
76561198007240278,Not Recommended,400160,29111729,Posted: 8 January,all,Naburimannu,Puzzle game probably a little too heavyweight for a mobile device but not a style of gameplay I find satisfying on a PC.
,Not Recommended,400160,20253115,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Fizzy92,"This game seems really good, but then it turns out to be a pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥ DO NOT BUY THIS"""
,Recommended,400160,19464846,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Arkelia,"Very good puzzle/strategy game.Good looking, bug free, lots of different characters to play with different strategies, globaly very fun and hightly replayable if you like the style (steam didn't record my offline playtime alas :p) !"
,Recommended,400160,30656454,Posted: 21 March,all,FoxxyCanuck,"Do you love City Building games? How about deck builders? Then Concrete Jungle is the game for you!I'm a huge fan of City Building games, and when I saw the videos, I was impressed by the humour and graphics, and decided to give it a try. I'll be honest and say it was not quite what I expected. I didn't realize how indepth the deck building would be. But after sinking over 70 hours into this game, I find Concrete Jungle to be incrediably entertaining and enjoyable. I would say, this is probably one of the best games I have purchased on Steam thus far (and I have well over 100 games). The graphics are great, the voice acting and storyline extremely humourous, and the music is relaxing. Not only is each level more challenging than the last, but when you finally beat the last level, it is quite a truimph. Plus, there are four custom modes, which means even after you've beaten the game, you can come back for more. I highly recommend Concrete Jungle to anyone looking for a challenging and entertaining way to waste time... ;-)"
76561198079351783,Recommended,400160,18315503,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Funghis Canale Grande,"having a very hard, but fun time!"
76561197995752140,Recommended,400160,18268726,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Uush,"Like the best boardgames, the city theme in Concrete Jungle feels like well-executed window dressing for the deeply satisfying game mechanics underneath.  The heart of the game is deck-building and subsequent zone control, both of which are implemented well.  Highly recommended."
76561198002186269,Recommended,400160,18318860,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,smithwilsuffice,"I know nobody gives a rats♥♥♥♥♥ but this game gets my vote for best indie game of the year. The art, voiceovers, feel, and most of all glorious unique gameplay are all absolutely top shelf. I could write pages and pages, and I would still feel that there wasn't enough evidence of the quality of this amazing game.First, the wrapping paper. Concrete Jungle looks and sounds amazing. From the routine act of navigating the intricately illustrated menus to the explosive crackle of celebratory fireworks that follow a large swing in points, the look and feel of this game wraps the user in. The intricate and cozy detail on every one of the hundreds of unque buildings, the chest vibrating thump when a building is placed, the thumbnail art for each of the characters' skills all ooze charm. The game makes the player feel like a welcome guest.The campaign perpetuates this welcoming atmosphere with well written and surprisingly well voiced cast of characters who, like good sitcom personalities, begin to feel like friends of the player. The banter between characters feels natural and spirited, and the comfortable progression of the missions introduces the player to a series of complex gameplay elements with casual charm.The gameplay itself is extremely nuanced, especially because the same set of cards are used in a few very different gameplay modes. Concrete Jungle lives up to its promise of a city-building deck builder, challenging the player to plan their city by collecting points and thinking many moves ahead in solo mode, or by uplifting their own residents and punishing their enemys' in verses mode. The design of the game does strain a bit to balance the cards between these two very different modes, but both prove very entertaining, and both provide very different challenges. In both modes, however, planning ahead is a necessity, and tactics must be layered into strategies that stretch multiple turns into the future. The many different characters and huge variety of buildings available allow for a high level of replayability of a hugely entertaining game.Concrete Jungle is a modern classic. It bucks every current trend in indie game development and delivers an beautiful experience that will certainly inspire future efforts. Pass it by at your peril!"
,Recommended,400160,18276269,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,clvnhbs,"If you are looking for a true city builder, this game is certainly not it. But for fans of puzzle and strategy games, Concrete Jungle hits the right spot. It's hard to describe this game accurately so I will state that it lives up to what it says on the box: city building meets deck building meets puzzle game (I think that about covers it!)Gameplay: You build a city with cards that represent various buildings. Each building has its own expense and economy costs (city building mechanics). The cards are shuffled randomly but you can make purchases to customie your deck and there is also a 'tech tree' of skills, unique to each character in the game (deck building/card game). The puzzle aspect comes in because you need to score a given number of points per column (each column has just 6 tiles in which you can place buildings, essentially how much you can score is limited by available land/tiles) to clear it and move forward.This game is very well thought out and has immense depth. The campaign mode is exhaustive and helps with the sort of steep learning curve. In vs mode, it can get quite challenging and tense but in solo, this can be a very relaxing game! it's great for playing with friends, family on local co-op and since it works with controller you can play it on your TV (which is what I do, it's awesome).Well worth the asking price and the dev has already promised a free update with nigth mode and more pretty buildings! Concrete Jungle easily has hours of gameplay and it can be difficult to master but it's also very fun."
,Recommended,400160,18291048,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Katana,"Absolutely love the game!... Is it something for you? If you answer (most) of these questions YES!, then go and buy it!- Do you like deckbuilding, endless different strategy's and fiddling with your deck?- Do you find yourself challanged by optimazation?- Do you like to have a sense of achievement every time you score points, outsmart your opponent or make that killer move?- Do you not require sleep? Cause you will have none after you bought this game!So go and buy it and see if you can beat us in the leaderboards!"
,Recommended,400160,18438160,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Broseph Bromero,"Concrete Jungle looks like a city builder, but it's real heritage is truly diverse and impressive. Concrete Jungle probably pulls more from modern board games, being an amalgation of area control and deck building, but it's execution is something that could only function in a video game medium.It's a very ambitious game with a lot of subsystems running, and if this game were able to become a physical product, I have no doubt that it would win accolades among the board gaming community. A clever fusion of hand management, deck building, area control with a tech system!I wish the documentation of the rules was listed somewhere within the game. While I understand video games like to keep a lot of mechanics under the hood, anything that resembles a board game like this should aspire to having the entirety of it's internal rules available. The exact bonuses that blocks give is vague, and playing with rural tiles makes me wish I had a mouseover to display the maximum block total. Finally, I would adore being able to view what a placed building is, just for the sake of clarity.Concrete Jungle is an excellent entry, and I would hate for this gem to be lost in the flood of games on steam. This is an exemplary board game experience, and something wholly unique. Great job Devs!And if you ever had a mobile port, I would buy it all over again."
,Recommended,400160,18178403,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,DiMelo Ball,Wonderful wonderful game.
,Recommended,400160,18181550,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,[SPG] Capt. Jored Doom,"Deep, fast-paced strategy. Polished gameplay interactions with great art and attention to detail. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,400160,18167889,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Ezekial  🐸,Game is simple to understand and fun. Then it gets super hard.
,Recommended,400160,18231202,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Fl3sh,"What a delight. Great strategic depth subtly hidden under a veil of simplicity. I definitely suggest this game. It has a surprising level of complexity given the generally straight forward foundation. The deck building is interesting, the gameplay is compelling, the challenge is rewarding. Surprise hit!"
,Recommended,400160,18237735,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,b/s,"Such a brilliang game. It's one of those ""easy to learn, hard to master"" type of games. The one thing it's missing and what would make it even better game is online multiplayer. Other than that I find the game very nice and it runs smoothly even on the worst laptops."
,Recommended,400160,18180517,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,GrishdaFish,Enjoyable and relaxing game. Good game to chill out and relax while playing and watching something. :D
,Recommended,400160,18167986,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Impossible Ocelot,"Concrete Jungle takes the wonderful city-building/puzzler formula of ColePowered Games' MegaCity and improves upon/expands it with beautiful art direction; charming, funny, well-voiced characters; simple, yet challenging gameplay; and a great progression system with lots of unlockables.  If you liked MegaCity, I suggest you get this - you won't be disappointed.  If you've never played MegaCity, I recommend this as an entertaining, beautiful, funny unique puzzle game."
,Recommended,400160,18193502,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,CXZman,"A very nice surprise of a game. This is a deck builder coupled a kind of city building puzzle placement game. It just works great. Pretty challenging, most of the time. Bad moves cost much.I can hardly see a flaw. Not that the game is the best ever made, but art is good, sound is good, acting is fun, GUI is alright, stability seems ok (so far so good)... Totally worth the praise.This is a game for slow paced, relaxed, hardcore mindgamers. Clicking around won't lead you anywhere, and no time is ticking! Each move counts, so sit down and think for a change.EDIT : alright, there is ONE flaw. Once buildings are constructed, there's no way to review bonuses each tile gives to another, you can't even see the building name, so you can't even deduce it from that. With good memory, you can keep track of what is happening, but with a better GUI, more information, it wouldn't be a problem at all."
,Recommended,400160,18205299,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,emerssso,"Colorful, funny, and sophisticated. Still playing through the campaign, but I gotta give this one a shoutout, it's totally worth the price of admission if you are at all interested in deck-building, city-planning, or similar."
,Recommended,400160,18186951,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,SubJaeger,<3
,Recommended,400160,18186745,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,SketchyGalore,"Concrete Jungle is an interesting idea with an excelent execution. When I first heard about it during development, I thought it sounded neat, but it needed a strong backbone of game mechanics and plenty of depth. Fortunately, it exceeded my expectations on both fronts!First things first, CJ is a PUZZLE game and a deckbuilding card game. This immediately reminded me of one of my favorite under-rated games of all time, Reus: a game that on the surface seemed like a city builder/god game, yet in truth is an excellent positional puzzle game. Mechanically they're very different, but people were put off by the ""bait and switch"" feeling of Reus and its apparent gameplay, so I fear the same might happen to CJ. It's best to think of ""city-builder"" as the THEME of this game, not the genre.The gameplay could be divided into two different games, a ""solitare"" style solo mode where you try to get high scores by clearing large combos of high-value city tiles, and a versus mode where you play against an AI opponent for control of the board. Both are VERY different tactically, so much so that I'm amazed they both work with the same cards and rules (other than a few special abilities here and there). But, the more I play both modes and figure out new tricks, the more I love them both. Solo is a calmer test of skill, planning, and maximization, while versus is a cut-throat match of point-stealing and trickery on par with the best board games I've ever played.The game's campaign is a pretty good tutorial as well as a good framework for some interesting scenarios, and serves as a means to unlock more cards and characters. The voice acting is campy and a bit hit-and-miss in places, but definitely fits the tone of the game well, and made me genuinely laugh a few times. I haven't finished it yet (feels like I'm about halfway through, unlock-wise), but it seems long enough to justify the price of the game, even without diving into custom games.There are a few flaws with the game, little UI features I wish were there and such, but most of the issues lie with versus mode. Though I like versus mode a lot, it does mess a bit with the asthetic of the game, since your solo games tend to make rather pretty cities with thought-out blocks of sensibly placed buildings, while versus games often end up being a jumble of various buildings that are placed to make the city worse for your opponent (amusingly, the campaign pokes fun at screwing up the city like this for competition). Additionally, while I found the AI putting up a pretty good challenge, it started showing some rough edges and questionable choices in the campaign. It might get smarter later on, but I've definitely seen it blow a few major and obvious opportunities. Which brings me to its biggest flaw: multiplayer. Unfortunately at this time, the game only features local hotseat multiplayer. I usually don't mind if a game has no online functionality like this, but this sort of cut-throat card game BEGS for good competition. I do think it would have been worse if they put a half-hearted attempt at multiplayer in there (a game like this would need a really good structure to make sure the game flowed, stopped leavers, etc), but hopefully the game is successful enough for them to consider adding it after the fact. It could be huge.Overall, I'm extremely happy I picked up this game. I love card games, deck builders, puzzle games, and city builders, so it was an obvious purchase for me. The idea was good enough on its own, but the depth of tactics and the hundreds of cards to discover really made it into something special. I'd recommend it to anyone who likes non-collectable card games (such as Dominion) or clever placement puzzle board games (such as Small World). Those looking for a straight city-builder should probably steer clear.Pros:+ Solid mechanics, easy to learn and understand but with plenty of depth+ Very different tactics between versus and solo mode+ Hundreds of cards with isometric city building art for every single one+ Multiple characters with different special abilities and playstyles, each feel very unique+ Fun to look at city builder-esque asthetic+ Good sense of humorCons:- Lack of online multiplayer- Doesn't offer the freedom of creativity and design of a true city builder (which some people might expect when looking at it), particularly in versus mode"
76561198043771587,Recommended,400160,18259665,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,NicrostheKing,"I've only played a few hours but this game is absolutely astonishing for what it is. It's fun, it has cute art, and amusing writing to it's little story. Along with that, the game is actually quite challenging in my opinion."
,Recommended,400160,18261080,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,👌Anybody👌,REALLY needs an UNDO button! One mis-placed card can kill you. Still like it.
76561198007079115,Recommended,400160,18273138,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,andbruu,"A great game after the first few missions (grinding beginning, learning very simple concepts) and/or levels. It would have been better to allow the player a choice of cards on level up (from all, or from a random few), and to allow them to see the upcomming cards (those locked behind level requirement). The level progress is very railroaded.Levels aside, the game in itself is fun and challenging. Completing levels is easy, but getting a high score takes planning. The different tech trees adds replayability, and offers an alternative if you get stuck on a level in the campaign. Would be great if I could see with which characters (tech trees) I had completed each level, and perhaps a reward for completing with all possible characters on each level."
,Recommended,400160,20012640,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Daniel West,Bloody brilliant.
,Recommended,400160,20034914,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,udbking,You know you have yourself a good game when you start playing it in your dreams at night.
76561197999717882,Recommended,400160,19954598,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Pyro,"This is a great puzzle game. The graphics are great for an indie game such as this, and the voice acting is a delight. To those worried its a mobile port or plays like a moble port - it isn't and doesn't. There are too many layers in the rules of this  game for it to be palatable to people who play mobile games. It's quite a difficult game, I had to repeat some of the training levels. But I didn't find it frustratingly difficult."
,Recommended,400160,20461652,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,RazgrizInferno,"I expected a city builder and instead I got a super-polished deck-building puzzle game with brilliant mechanics and quirky characters.This game is Tetris where all the pieces are buildings that interact with each other in tons of interesting ways.   Instead of simply filling rows to clear them and get points, you have to collect points by raising the property value of certain squares and then placing down a ""point collecting building"" (typically houses, hotels, dorms, etc) to raise the point value of the row above a certain threshold.    Some buildings instead lower the property value, but give you other bonuses such as boosting your economy.   As your economy increases you gain access to new abilities (specific to each of the several characters you can unlock) and new buildings with more powerful effects for your deck.But as you spend more money the point threshold for clearing a line increases and the game gets more difficult, which is great because with all the new tech you have by the end of a match, the game would become trivially easy otherwise.There are also versus matches, which feel like a completely different game and are no less compelling.  The depth of the game really shines in these matches, and the AI is no pushover.  The different characters go about building their city and scoring points in completely different ways, and the ""city planning fights"" are surprisingly diverse as a result.   There's even a character who prefers to dump industrial buildings everywhere and make scoring points difficult for the other player, while herself benefitting from the negative point values in various ways.   She's fun.Overall this game is fantastic and the amount of fun I had with it surprised me.  Definitely worth a buy if you have even a passing interest in puzzle games (or even city builders - though this isn't really a city builder at all, the theme and mechanics are strong enough that you'll feel like you're making tough city planning decisions throughout the game).  There's a lot of great content here and I can't recommend this game enough."
76561198062510405,Recommended,400160,20487732,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,gman197002,"This game is absolutely fantastic! I was expecting a city builder, and while I didn't really get that, I got a very unique concept put together very well! Varying difficulties means it won't get 'too easy'. I'm still stuck on the one with the mayor statue... naked. Anyways, it was tons of fun, totally worth $16"
,Recommended,400160,18587458,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Timespiraled,Best thing in my opinion? You can run the AI against itself in the Custom Game mode and have an infinite hours of Laney VS Rick deatmaches. My treadmill sessions have hope again.
76561198005363769,Recommended,400160,18466201,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,bubblytee,"One of the best digital board games available. Tile laying and deck-building mixed with Tetris-style row scoring, clarity is excellent in most aspects. Both single and multiplayer!I'm a little disappointed that single player is a high score system and that unlocks are present, but this still deserves a strong recommendation."
76561198030607900,Recommended,400160,18717471,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Colonel.EXE,"Excellent game. Threw away countless hours playing this. So much fun.2 things I would warn potential buyers about:1. Its NOT a citybuilder. It's a strategy cardgame about maximizing points on tiles with cards that have varying bonuses on them. It's more about spacial-strategy.2. Games take between 20 minutes to an hour. You CAN save midway through, but be warned that its not a very forgiving game."
76561198043473940,Recommended,400160,18718998,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,freakpants,"Has an initial lump if you're stupid like me and take a while to figure out how important blocks are and struggle a bit with the deck building. Important to note that even though City Building is the **theme**, the gameplay is much more about clever use of strategy, planning and card synergy. If you expect anything like Sim City you'll be heavily disappointed - but once you start appreciating the game for its uniqueness and strengths you'll be even more happy about discovering it.Card Diversity is awesome, though it does feel a bit limiting at times to start with mostly the same cards all the time. Some of the powerful cards are really fun to play as they have a wide range of gamebreaking (in a good way) effects. Stealing points, inverting tiles or dumping a negative house into an enemies winning rows is lots of fun.Campaign took me a solid 16 hours (including being really stupid) and is well worth the price. There are additional modes, but I'm really looking forward to DLC with more missions.Developer is also good at keeping track of and fixing bugs in a timely manner."
,Recommended,400160,18607065,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,andochan,"Honestly, the tag team battles are as boring as humanly possible which is a shame because everything else about this game is great. I just like being able to do something in my single-player game more than once in five minutes,"
,Recommended,400160,18656187,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,RaineyJ,"I've never really played deck building games before, but after seeing a couple LPs I thought I'd give it a go - and I'm extremely satisfied! The bell curve was quite difficult at first, but once you get to see the cards in action it gets much easier and learning the different play styles is really rewarding. I thought I'd be a little frustrated at how dirty some of the AIs play, but it was actually a good challenge trying to figure what style would counter what and how to play your cards right.The art style and dialogue between the characters is really quite charming. I encourage people to check it out and give it a fair go!"
,Recommended,400160,21359662,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Ragnadox,"This game is a lot of fun, but it gets pretty hard in the later single player versus modes. I hit a point where I could no longer progress without cheating. Then the game became fun again.If you like turn based strategy AND you know how to make your own cheats, then definitely try this game."
,Recommended,400160,21558704,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Svartsjö,"this is a fun little hybrid gamethe only issue with it is that you think it's got the high strategic value of a card game, with the addictive nature of  a city management game. It has neither. I got bored of it 10hrs of gameplay in... which is really not bad at all, value wise.I still recommend it!"
76561197970683990,Recommended,400160,21577922,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Dorque,"This game is simply perfectly fun.  I almost ranted about some cards being broken, but then discovered the joy of putting a Grove next to an 8 point prison.  You'll thank me later."
,Recommended,400160,21269070,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Dodger6500,"This isn't a card-oriented city building game; it's a city-themed card game. A fantastic one. There are so many different strategies, I really wish it had online multiplayer for the versus mode. Huge bargain, especially when it's on sale."
76561198039854183,Recommended,400160,21097583,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Mynock42,A really addictive game. A great mix of puzzle and luck involved. I would say that the game does not explain how you unlock new cards very well meaning that the deck building element is quite hard to get to grips with. The solo levels are really great. The versus levels can be frustrated to the point where it can feel like the computer is cheating and it would be nice if there was an option to skip them. I still find myself constantly wanting to go back and play this game.
,Recommended,400160,21024065,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,grimfate,"Concrete Jungle is sort of a mini-city building game. Each map consists of a small segment of land, where the goal is to play buildings - represented as cards and randomly drawn from a deck - on tiles to try and either score a specific amount of points on a row of tiles, or to fill the row of tile, until you reach a certain distance. Along the way you will score points which will allow you to unlock cards for that match only, or use certain powers, such as clearing the first row of tiles. You really have to play it or watch it to fully grasp exactly how it works.The game is mostly good. The art style is really nice, the game is relatively easy to learn, and it's quite unique (from what I have personally played, anyway.) For me, wanting to play it as a single player game, there is one huge issue that makes the campaign very frustrating: Versus matches against the A.I. The thing I really enjoy about this game is its strategy. You have all the information you need to consider your next move at each point in time - including the next few cards you will have to choose from - and so careful thinking can get you through. But Versus is different. Any kind of plan you might devise is now at the mercy of the A.I., with only a small section of the map that the A.I. can't affect. And unless you remember to pay attention during their turn to which cards they have coming up, you won't know what to expect.To make matters worse, so far (I have completed 10 of the 11 missions I have unlocked so far, which looks like it MIGHT be around half way through the campaign) you tend to only have 1 mission available to you at a time. Stuck on a mission? Either unenthusiastically keep at it until you finally get past it, or give up and come back when you've forgotten the frustration. The current mission I'm on took me what felt like half an hour to complete, which I failed, so my enthusiasm to potentitally waste that much time again is rather low. What makes it much worse is that even at the fastest A.I. speed (called ""Turbo""), the A.I. is still frustratingly slow. Its turns can take what feels like 15 seconds, which may not sound long, but it does feel long watching animations you wish it would just skip, and that half an hour length will involve a few minutes of waiting through the A.I.'s turn.The game is fun (outside of Versus), and I'm sure there will be plenty of people who will love the challenge. And so I do recommend Concrete Jungle; just be warned that if you don't like intense thinking with your games, this game may fail to satisfy your game playing needs."
,Recommended,400160,21728316,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Konrad,"Fun little puzzle game.Don't expect too much of it, but enjoy it while it lasts"
,Recommended,400160,24355822,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Technom,"Never seen a puzzle game like this. Mechanics such as deck-building, tile placement and land control blend well into this game. Solo or Versus, Campaign or Classic games, all puzzle gamers should at least take a look at this game."
76561198006511018,Recommended,400160,26895664,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,H4n1baL,A fantastic city builder that isn't actually a city builder!
,Recommended,400160,26238875,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Mad Hatter,"This is actually a rather well done puzzle/deck-building game.  Lots of room to customize and plenty of challenge to keep you going.  However, this is not a city-building game.  Calling this a city-building game is like saying, playing poker with a deck of naked lady cards is a dating sim.  So, if you want actual city building, you'll have to look elsewhere.  But if you like puzzle games with a building theme on an ever changing field, you'll enjoy this."
,Recommended,400160,24000379,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,AliKira,"I really like this game: it's a cross between a board game and a city planning game and includes a story mode of sorts that is rather fun and results in unlocking a bunch of different options for play. This game has a good amount of replayability as a result an is reasonably challenging. I like the deck building aspects, and the animation of the city as it grows. I think I have a love/hate relationship with the versus mode as it's rather challenging but also well worth playing. I will likely continue to play this game."
,Recommended,400160,18262639,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,56cool7,its hard maybe too hard for some it was for me too but once you get the point its preety cool
,Recommended,400160,24126758,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,"Butter, Milk, Eggs","Easy recommendation. Concrete Jungle has a strong mix of relaxing and genuinely difficult gameplay. My only complaint is that some of the campaign character interactions aren't my cup of tea and feel slightly stilted, but that doesn't really detract from the fun of the game in any significant way. All in all, the game has been a surprising challenge that I was not expecting when I first bought it, and it is well worth it."
,Recommended,400160,28684815,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,anarki,"This deck building, victory-point, city-planner game is absolutely wonderful and relaxing.Pros:Deck building is innovative and competitive (if playing versus). You get to pick new cards, replace, remove, apply buffs/debuffs to the board or your opponent, advance the skill tree, etc. This aspect of the game offers a lot of options for the player to try strategies and adapt to the situations.""City planning"" may be a stretch, it's more of a victory-point, 'worker'-placement system. You need to score VPs by combining the cards in your deck and skills in your technology tree on the map tiles. The random nature of the card draws add some skill and decision making, while the tech tree offers direct or predictable outcomes. You need to mix both to advance.A variety of playable characters, each with their own tech tree and style of playing and creating combos.Campaign is funny and challenging. It took me 18h to finish, I failed a couple of scenarios while doing dumb stuff or getting the wrong characters to a task. I would buy another DLC campaign (or a second game) in a heartbeat.Cons:The campaign maps, even near the end, are too short, so unless you play a tech-oriented character, it's very hard to reach high tech levels and awesome tier 5-6 cards before the scenario ends.Although understandable, the campaign do not force us to explore other characters. I finished the game using familiar characters because the AI will crush you if you play poorly and don't understand the character. After being destroyed twice playing new characters, I stuck with Laney, Giles and Marina for the rest of the campaign.Too many versus scenarios. I'd wish we had more challenging solo maps, as they are quite easy compared to the versus maps.Loved this game, would love to see DLC or a second one."
,Not Recommended,400160,28578143,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,abenlen,"This seems to be  perfectly fine, if you like puzzle games.  If you're looking for a true city builder, though, you'll likely be disapointed as I was.  The city building is largely a cosmetic device, the heart and soul here is to gather points by enhancing various squares in a column and dropping point collecting tiles in order to take advantage of these enhancements.  Meet the point goal in the first column of your ""city"" square and the column falls of the map, leaving you to repeat the process for the new first column of the square.It's an interesting mechanic, and I certainly understand why this game is getting positive reviews.   I would recommend it to anyone interested in doing puzzle games.  City builders, though, you might want to look elsewhere."
,Recommended,400160,28174553,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Blastscout,It's a fun game to play against another player
,Recommended,400160,33611850,Posted: 17 July,all,drone110266,A very interesting puzzle game that is kinda like a city building game. I think I prefer normal city builders to this but it was a fun for a bit.
,Recommended,400160,32726175,Posted: 24 June,all,brian.t.beswick,"Lots of fun, lots of depth! Definitely a ""One more turn!"" game."
,Recommended,400160,28838666,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,CryonicSuspension,"Awesome, innovative puzzle game.You have to fit random tiles ( houses, schools, parks, factories, breweries ) into tight spaces, in an aesthetically pleasing way.The game starts easily enough but then you have to cover the mayor's incompetence, at which point it gets challenging.The voiceovers are hilarious."
76561198032736752,Recommended,400160,28860405,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Walden95,A lesser known gem with an unexpectedly good campaign.
,Recommended,400160,28846362,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Demon of the Fall,"I've been playing this just since yesterday, maybe I should play more before writing this, but heck, this game is SO engaging that I must let all my friends know about it.First of all, many people are saying that this is not a city building management sim. And they are right. This is a Puzzle/Strategy game that mixes deck building like Dominion, Ascension, Shadowrun Crossfire - there's just a myriad of Deck Builders nowaday - with a tetris like tile laying mechanism. And just this was enough to amaze me: I simply love deck builders and engine building board games, and I was really surprised on how they could mix it with a tetris-like system so well.Going deeper on that, I must say that this game is fun, deep and innovative in really high ammounts.It is fun because the art style is adorable, that characters are likeable (I'm loving the Laney voice actor, whoever she is), the score-attack feel is challenging and keeps making you want play some more, and the fact that the game has both Solo Building modes and VS Building modes make it  even cooler.It is deep because you actually have lots of decision making points during gameplay (in a very core, mechanic way) and you can actually employ different styles of play (at least until now, I have suceeded in the challenges doing many different things).  The cards you pick before play will change your playstyle, but so will do the characters you pick, the cards you buy during the match, the skills you buy, where you play the houses in the board, and how you pace yourself with the combos.I think it is an innovative game because, if you think of physical deck builders, most give you buying opportunities through a fixed pool of cards or an open, renewing pool. This game uses player progression to give you customization of the starter decks, and then gives you new cards during play through the tile laying system itself - when you build enough to get money, you then are presented with new cards to choose, and buying new cards help you get even more cards, through level or through tech tree. So, even if you know the cards that may be coming, you really focus on using your deck to build your city, and then getting new cards, instead of the common feeling in deck builders where you are constantly looking at your possible cards and playing around getting them efficiently. This is somewhat like the way Mini Metro gives you new Lines and Trains, mixed with some concepts in Mage Knight and Xenoshyft, but very fast and streamlined. And on top of all that, you have the tile laying system, which is very fun and rewarding (and a little unforgiving), and really makes you feel like playing a turn based Tetris - a really well done one, that is.I feel very happy to see that so many simple games are still amazing me, in a time where we already have ""seen everything"", and this is one of them (if you're curious, this year I felt the same about Downwell, Reigns, Oh Sir!, Mini Metro and Card Crawl on Android).Bottomline: buy this if you love deck building games, specially ones that are not too barebones, and if you ever wondered about how a turn based, card driven Tetris would feel like. Don't buy if you're looking after a City Building sim."
76561198120555186,Recommended,400160,30119181,Posted: 23 February,all,Professor Blomme,"Awesome little (Some of the later levels can take awhile) game for when you just wanna kick back. The deckbuilding-mechanic is implemented in a great and simple way, which unlike many other deckbuilding game, isnt overly complicated to get into. I've only played it solo/vs. AI, but as a relaxing puzzle-type game, I can only recommend it!"
,Recommended,400160,30033671,Posted: 19 February,all,Kalisto,"I actually came into this expecting a chill city buider, and being really surprised it's actually not one. But I gave it a try and I was pleasantly surprised that it was a really compelling puzzle game. I struggled through some, but every time I learned something and was able to use that for next try so I felt that even if I lost it was compelling. In the end I was pleasantly surprised with all the cool combos I could pull off.On occasions I found few rules of the cards to be bit hard to understand and not sure how exactly the effect worked. And few times I messed up because of that, like where I wasn't able to tell who owned the building or when the card didn't work the way I thought it did. But I was just more careful about it next time and it worked fine."
,Recommended,400160,29494734,Posted: 25 January,all,Loke,"Nice take on card games, nice take on city builders, nice take on board games, all in one. Nice 2d graphics too.Simple gameplay, yet difficult to master. It requires a ""tetris-like"" mindset, but with shapes and numbers.Very good sound effects and voice work, funny characters with their own identity.Overall, a good game, especially to play casually or to kill time."
,Recommended,400160,26520197,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,ShengDamast,"Fans of boardgame classics assemble and hail this piece of art!Ahem, jokes aside, i think this game is fun and for you if you enjoyed carcasonne or dominion."
,Recommended,400160,31927288,Posted: 23 May,all,Gravy,A really fun and interesting puzzle game. I'm not sure why I haven't played more of this.
,Recommended,400160,33772055,Posted: 24 July,all,Bazinga!,It is a fresh combination of a Board- and Cardgame. The campain is fun and you can play this game to have a break.Game is easy to learn but to gain 3 Stars for each level you have to master it.
