user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,400450,32552966,Posted: 18 June,all,Iamjacksplasmid,"It would be an understatement to say that the roguelike market is oversaturated; it seems like it gets harder every day to find a roguelike that is forging new ground in terms of gameplay or mechanics.  In that sense, NeuroVoider is a breath of fresh air.  The weapons are fun, mechanically diverse, satisfying to use, and punchy.  The hook of upgrading your own body with the parts of your enemies feels extremely rewarding and keeps gameplay fresh no matter how far you go.  The bosses and enemies are difficult, but never feel unfair; I've never felt cheated when I died, as it was always due to a series of mistakes during gameplay, or because I didn't allocate resources correctly to keep up with the difficulty curve.I would put this game on the same tier as Nuclear Throne or Enter the Gungeon.  It is a shining example of how to do a roguelite correctly, and the best thing that could happen for the genre would be for developers to shamelessly steal from this game when they're developing their own game mechanically.  On top of all of that, it also has a fun setting, a great co-op mode, and the pixel art is top notch.  Frankly, I'm shocked this game hasn't gotten more time on the steam front page, and I'm disappointed that I needed to find this myself instead of Steam simply serving it to me when I'm looking for new games to play.It's probably a good sign if my only complaint is ""I wish I'd known about it sooner."" Check it out."
,Recommended,400450,25273962,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,JayToriko,If you love a good actiony rpg shooter with tons of customization you'll enjoy this game. It's got soo many different weapons and styles. 3 class types each with their own play style. You can even switch class types mid game. The loot system isn't persistant. You get your loot at the end of a map then you can customize you robot as you please. Would be kinda cool to add some other options for your robot maybe change the way the displays for weapons go the whole slide through UI to look for the weapon is annoying. There is a gamble system for you who love to get randomly generated weapons/armor/body parts.
,Recommended,400450,22211021,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,DoctorChocolate,"Cyborg Justice meets Nuclear Throne meets Turtles In Time! Why didn't I think of this?Everything is solid. Visuals are beautiful, controls are slick, soundtrack is great. Can't wait to see where they take it from here. With Enter The Gungeon coming out in a few days, you may want to hold off. But, if you are a true Rogue-like fan, this belongs in your Library."
76561198027104941,Not Recommended,400450,32758649,Posted: 24 June,all,luciasar00,"I've been trying to make this game work as a local multiplayer couch game with a friend for a couple weeks now, and we just can't do it. It's got lots of appeal - the awesome sprite art, good soundtrack, fun upgrade system - but we'd feel pissy and ripped off after every game session.The difficulty is just so uneven. Hordes and hordes of inconsequential enemies that do no damage, even whole stages where you don't get hit at all, and then all of a sudden you get instagibbed for half or all your health by an enemy that's not even on screen. It's a natural byproduct of the procedurally generated weapons but it makes the game feel like a crapshoot. We'd spend a good hour on a run without any challenge and then get annihilated by a boss or elite before we even knew what was going on.It's not exactly that mechanically precise, either, especially if you're playing with a controller, so the difficulty isn't something you can work around. Everything's just sort of a chaotic mess and it's hard to tell which attacks are the meaningless grunt ones, and which are the instagibs.I dunno, maybe it's better as a single player experience but as a multiplayer game this is definitely a pass. If you're looking for another counterpart to crawl/nidhogg/broforce etc like I was, this is not it."
,Recommended,400450,25250462,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Blackmagic,"If you want a brutal, fast paced local multiplayer punch in the face, look no further. UI is a bit consolish, which hurts a bit in single player and somehow overall difficulty can be challenging but the experience is really cool."
,Not Recommended,400450,28702576,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Balfus,"This game might be fine for you if you're a hardcore fan of twin-stick shooters and are a sucker for the rouge-like formula; however, in my opinion this game is simply a frustrating mess.  A large portion of enemies' projectiles can travel much much further than your own and that combined with enemies constantly shooting at you from off screen even in the earliest levels creates a very frustrating experience.  The game tries to show you enemies that are off screen with (!) symbols but to me this is merely a pathetic band-aid for a much larger problem.  Here's a few ideas on how to fix this, game devs:- The HUD (especially the top middle piece) often covers a lot of what you want to be able to see.  Make these items much smaller or at least transparent or SOMETHING like that.  It's critical to not be getting hit in these difficult rouge-like games and getting hit because enemies were hidden behind the HUD is extremely frustrating.- Zoom the view out a lot so that enemies don't have to be constantly firing from off screen.  It's understandable for enemies to fire from off-screen occasionally but I swear 75% of damage on me and the other two friends playing couch-co-op with me came from off screen crap.  Between that and the HUD getting in the way, I returned this game in frustration.The upgrade system / weapons seemed fine and at its core the game looks like it could be fun.  The music is EXCELLENT!  Fix the above issues and I will gladly buy it again and give it another spin."
,Recommended,400450,22249956,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Mentheus,"Giving this Game a big ""YES"" is just so easy.You can compare it to other Games of the Genre like ""Nuclear Throne"", ""Gungeon"", ""Binding of Isaac"" and others like this.The twist on this one is that you can aim for a build.Wanna go full tank mode with huge amount of HP and big guns? Just go for the fortress and slap some beefy rocket-launcher and railguns on there.Better wanna go ""Melee""? Yes, melee is a thing in this game. Lightsaber swinging nimble robots with invulnerability frames/time to dodge enemy fire? Go for it!The Game is still Early Access but the Devs are very active in the forums, looking for bugreports, listen to feedback (there is even a dedicated button in-game for feedback/reports)Music is just on point! Nothing to add here. Watch the trailer!!!Graphic, hard topic. I like it and it fits the gamestyle. for some it will be to minimalistic.i like the minimal style and the colors mixed with the effects.Performance even on a rig with a outdated GPU like mine atm is totally stable and no problems at all.The downsides:The Game is brutal (is that really a downside?) waves of enemies just swarming you if you run in and try to survive. YOU WILL DIE! A LOT!Till now there is just local coop but Devs wanna get it online coop later down the line but (i really hope it's gonna happen)Like in every games in this genre you need time and need to learn how it works so this can be a test of will.biggest downside for me, if you have a controller plugged in this will be the main input (hope they will add an option to change it)Final Words:Big Suprises often come from small packages.Again an Indie Dev proofs that it doesn't take much to drop a Game that can impact that hard."
,Not Recommended,400450,35033129,Posted: 17 September,all,Silver Chariot,"I've played this game on both the Switch and on PC.  This review represents both versions.First, the good:+Music.  The music is incredible, and is by far the highest point in the game.  Supremely good soundtrack.+Visuals.  Great, crunchy graphics and excellent representation in how the game conveys information on the playfield.The not-so-good:-Collision.  It feels like everything is an obstacle in the game, and you can see your character getting hung up on areas that you're clearly not even touching.  When you have to deal with this, on top of a ton of enemies all aiming railguns at you, it makes the situation feel needlessly frustrating.-Menus.  The menus feel clunky and minimalistic, involving a lot of scrolling though inventory, and new items feeling like they're sometimes placed at random.  It's just unintuitive.  There's a lot of space available on the screen, and menu occupies so little of it, and cramps everything into a tiny, inconvenient area.-BIOS/Mutation/Skill/Whatever you want to call it when you start the game.  There's no reason to take anything other than self-healing.  Health packs are few and far between, you wind up taking excessive damage faster than you can realize in the later levels, and other, cool starting perks, like Blademaster, winds up being usless due to poor developer foresight.  To elaborate on that, that perk makes all weapon drops melee weapons.  There are explosive canisters on the floor in each level, and when they explode, they deal heavy damage to all things nearby, and with a melee only build, you can't safely destroy those.  So, if you're in a cramped corridor with a canister, and tons of enemies, you're likely dead, nothing else to it.  General shortsightedness in game balance makes the perk system almost inconsequential.I could go on, but you get the idea.  A difficulty curve that ramps up too high, too quick, questionable collision on every wall and prop in the game, tedious, unintuitive menuing, and poor weapon and ability balance make Neurovoider an awkward red-headed step-child in the already over-saturated rougelite genre.  Great presentation can't save this game from its own mechanical issues."
,Recommended,400450,25275124,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Artio,its like robotic nuclear throne if you like NT youll probably like this
,Recommended,400450,22171821,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,RenegadeMaster,"The game is addicting as hell - reason being is that it offers you diverse ways to kill your enemies by playing with customizable robots using different parts and weapons obtained via pick-ups from enemies you kill throughout the levels.It's a rouguelike/permadeath game too, which keeps you on your toes and forces you to make wise decisions on what parts and weapons to use on each run.As in FTL, scrap metal (gained by killing enemies) will be used up when repairs are made to your robot, thus careless play can also screw you over financially. At the same time though, selling unwanted and unused parts you've collected will result in more scrap to use on robot repairs or to boost parts and weapons equiped to your robot.For the price it's worth it, considering that it's only in EA I feel like the value is totally there. Buy!"
,Not Recommended,400450,25654748,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,sleepy toad,"The more i play this game the more i feel like it's just a really awesome album with a neat little rogue like game included. Sadly, a game's not all about the music, no matter how good it may be.For a game with such an incredibly action packed, electryfying soundtrack, the gameplay itself it rather slow. Usually exploring a level will follow the same rhythm: See a small group of enemies charge at you from a certain location on the map,  find cover and take care of them, gather the loot they dropped and repeat until you accomplish whatever your objective was on that mission and move on to the next one. Some levels are ""special"" in that they deviate from that formula. One in particular makes it so that if you take too long to beat a level, you self destruct, plain and simple; And as crazy as it might sound, i honestly think this should've been every single level in the game. Because only that time limit is the only thing in the game that lets you feel the emergency and adrenaline the soundtrack tries so desperately to convey.Although the developers have been listening to their community during early access and have adressed some issues, one problem that never felt like it was properly tinkered are the boss and how crushingly difficult they are. It's very easy to get instantly demolished by a boss that uses a certain attack pattern that takes you completely off guard, and in my experience the only way to deal with them in a consistently efficient manner is to use all of the money you get throughout your run to buff your weapons and equipment to the max, and just play as aggressively as possible against the boss to bring its health to zero as soon as possible. This makes it so that bosses never feel unique like they do in games like Nuclear Throne, they just feel like the same big machine just with different guns and grunts every time.I really wish steam reviews had a neutral rating for games like this because despite all of its flaws it's still very fun to play. But i feel like half of that fun is just listening to the game's soundtrack. Like seriously, before you argue please try to play the game with the music off. It's a whole other experience, and not in a good way.To conclude: if you're the type of person who can put up with an game's flaws and enjoy it for what it is, neurovoider is not a worse game than any other roguelike on steam. But from my point of view, the only thing that really separates it from every other roguelike that's come out on steam recently is the amazing music. Sadly, that's not what i'm reviewing."
76561197995251573,Recommended,400450,31892956,Posted: 21 May,all,Rob,"PROS*Enjoyable and Fun*Great replay value*Easy to pick up and put down*Great Music*Cool art/styleCONS*Difficulty Spikes*Some enjoyment depends on how useful the drops you receive*Somewhat simplistic*UI could be better, or more easily deciphered*I don't think you can save your mechs.  Maybe if you beat the game?It's a fun, addictive, fluid/intuitive, and satisfying twin-stick mech shooter. This game is easy to pick up and you can enjoy it even if you don't understand all the weapons and mechanics.  Experimenting with different weapon/skill/strategy combos doesn't get old and there is big variety of the robot/mechs you can build and ways you can play them.The 3 classes play different and you can experiment with their strengths/weaknesses without punishment.  If you die just hit (y) and restart again. If you lose a long run it's alright and the daily runs are pretty cool if you happen to find a good build.Some things I didn't like is the UI looks a little confusing when you are comparing stats.  It's sometimes not clear if you have an upgrade based on the numbers and bonus numbers.All and all the game is really fun and I love the variety in the way you can play and build mechs as well as the enemy mech variety. Highly recommended!"
,Recommended,400450,25388077,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Click2winipod,"As a gamer, I don't focus in on writing reviews as much as playing these games, but this game seems like a good enough one for a review. I'm not going to gush and give bull pros, so just take a listPros+Able to pick up at any time and able to play somewhere between five minutes and four hours+Tons of replayability+Difficult+There's even a gun called the mini nuke, very powerful and it's one of my favorite weapons+Plenty of variety, to keep you playing for a long enough time+Relatively cheap+Mini nuke gun+Great menus+Innovative, you're literally a brain that goes into a suit to find its owner+Plenty of weapons to use+Not No Man's Sky+Mini nuke gun+An enemy can be you from the past life+Tons of customization+Good controls for keyboard and controller+Elite monsters are fun to fight+Loot is fun to find+There's a freaking mini nuke gun+Map feature is well integratedCons-About ten~ songs all lasting roughly three minutes-Game is 200~ mb, not a bad thing but kinda small for an RNG based game-No sense of progression, nothing carrying over to the next play through-Playthroughs are roughly an hour-Hardly a story, something along the lines of finding lore would be better-Too much to use at the start of the game, 23 starting abilities and I'd rather just unlock them as I go, add some progression in the game-No pistols or sniper rifles to use-Enemies all act similar-Minions during boss fights need to go, too bothersome on a smaller platform-Too many small enemies, halve the number and buff them instead-Buff melee range by at least 1.5-Shield ability for Fortress needs to be buffed, halve energy used or maybe cut the energy entirely and have it break over time or something-Add more modes rather than destroying reactors, maybe like just killing all of the enemies or maybe even having the special missions always be an option-Bosses and lower enemies deal little to no damage, maybe a buff or reduce player health to max of 200~-Rare loot should be less common, and maybe buffed aswell-Maps should be smaller to reduce less areas with empty spaces-Should have an option to pick the same starting gear as the last run-Should be able to unlock skins, and you can be able to change your gear's skin at any time-Enemy that has the mini nuke-Mini nuke is difficult to find-Enemies don't shoot unless you are in their view distance which is kinda small, and their bullet range is terrible for a ""bullet hell"" gameI'll add more as I go, but it's enjoyable as of nowOh and if some of these things get added I'll delete the cons ones about them-Potato"
,Recommended,400450,25296889,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,MiniBiggi,"Super freaking fun and really intense, I've been searching for a game with this sense of humour, customisation, and this insane combat.One issue I had was all the way at the end during the final bossfight, I paused to just rest my finger because I'd been using a manual firing weapon throughout pretty much the whole game, but no matter what I tried I couldn't un-pause it - Not upset though! Just means I get to go for another run through the game!"
,Not Recommended,400450,25512312,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,shlaeNg ☭,"+great art+extremely sweet soundtrack (available for free from the artist's Bandcamp)+good weapon and skill variations+satisfying game mechanics-the difference in difficulty between regular levels and the boss fights is ridiculous. While you'll be able to do even end game ""hard"" levels with lots of elite enemies with no risk of dying, the boss fights are messy struggles that barely allow for any tactical approach. Random attacks with no warning, teleporting minions, full screen bullet hell, etc.-very repetitive levels, and samey boss fights that make little sense-extremely long runs. Some people might see this as a positive, but getting to the first loop will take roughly an hour.-pointless inventory management takes quite some timeI was on the fence whether to give this a good or bad review, because the positives outweigh the negatives by a lot - except for the boss fights. Spending 45 minutes just to get killed by random, undodgable attacks on a boss? Not my thing."
76561198136435052,Not Recommended,400450,28782755,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,GrimToadstool,"In theory, this is a solid rogue-lite twin-stick shooter, with some mechanics up for debate, such as that inventory management takes up more time than actual playtime. However, aspect completely kills this game: You constantly have to kill and be attacked by enemies off-screen. If the game was more zoomed out, it would be fine, but it isn't, hence thumbs down."
,Recommended,400450,25337692,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Barnaby Jones,"Great game.Runs well, weapons are fun, varied and have their specific uses.Death is permanent and the game is quite challenging.There are three classes, Dash which can dash, Rampage which can activate all its weapons and shoot quickly, or Fortress which can stand in place and use a shield.I don't find any of the class skills particularly useful and being a melee class/player is really difficult.Dash is great, but areas and hallways are usually fairly tight and lots of enemies have AoE attacks. Rampage drains energy VERY quickly and isn't that useful. The shield on the Fortress shuts your mech down and you're stuck in place. It's useful for a strong/boss attack that happens only occasionally though.Multiplayer is local only and while I'm sure you can use multiple controllers, I'm having issues using multiple types of the same kind of controller. The game doesn't seem to allow use of both controllers. I can use either one, but not both. This is probably my error though and I haven't figured it out yet."
,Recommended,400450,28698301,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,AlekswithaK,"Every rogue-lite twin-stick shooter I've played on steam has been fun in some measure.  However, each of them usually scratches a very specific itch.  NeuroVoider scratches them all.  If you're a fan of Isaac, NT, Gungeon, or anything of the sort, this is a game for you.  Hell, even if you aren't, I'm sure you'll find this fun and engaging / easy to pick up and enjoy."
76561198028641925,Recommended,400450,30659885,Posted: 21 March,all,Marrt,"Nice Game, but a few points keep it from being great for me:- Variety in objectives, search and destroy the reactors is mostly all you ever do- Camera: It just sucks, just play this game for some time and mind where your eyes are 80% of the time: The very etch of the screen, either zoom out more or move the camera slightly towards enemy direction, The camera is even worse when playing local multiplayer with gamepads. Enemies mostly approach from one side, so you could easily shift it towards threats (you already show edge indicators). So dear devs:  Your gameplay does not suit your current representation of the game- Gameplay conists out of 40% fighting 60% scrolling through loot (make that 80% if you play local multiplayer), One way of improving this could be less drops but more useful ones, or some autoequip feature with some options like: best avg, max nrg, max hp, so you only need to care about guns or boosting some guns- Overheat: You will overheat, a lot, especially in lategame where weapons mostly drain your pool in one shot (but i played dash mostly, maybe this was the problem)"
,Recommended,400450,22172004,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Leglock,"Well, the game got me easly.I love rogue lites and is  just a matter of time until this game takes the throne of the genre.I think it can be polish to be the king. Also, the developers are amazing and listen people feed back, and that is what is all about, gamers who develop a game for gamers :)The only thing that is ""maybe"" getting me in my mood, is the HUGE level spike between a Hard difficult stage overwhelmed by robots and proyectiles (that I enjoy a lot), and the GOD-MIGHTY BOSSES... Bosses are right now INSANLY HARD. But it will be polish (or so I hope).My Last words are:10 Bucks for this BETA is WORTH IT, just give it a try!Mayor updates every week, incredible devs, Incredible fun game with local co-op.I won´t give any score yet, because I lack of playing time, it will be unfair, but it is a master piece in work :)"
76561198078828512,Recommended,400450,30530309,Posted: 15 March,all,Jan van Slingelandt,"The game's description does not lie to you. Cobbling up parts from the wrecks of robots you kill, your robot exoskeleton which houses the last human brain in existence. Your character goes through different rooms constantly upgrading gear and weapons and gathering crystals to power a plethora of unique skills to aid in your revenge. There are railguns, gatling guns, flame shotguns, disk launchers, mini-nukes, rockets, and phasers to try out. Endless combinations of classes, weapon loadouts, and skill sets in this roguelike, futuristic game called NeuroVoider."
76561198071421958,Recommended,400450,25453081,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,eternal jape,"Nuclear Throne, and Starward Rogue just made a baby.This isn't half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥either, if you played both of these games, you will SURELY think the same thing.Please, buy it.It's one of those games where you wander in with low expectations (I did, since it said it was synth or whatever, I came in expecting some kind of hipster dubstep like what was in starward rogue, ew) and get♥♥♥♥♥blasted by a soundtrack that leaves you NOSTALGIC MEMORIES.♥♥♥♥ing amazing, please buy it."
,Recommended,400450,34236697,Posted: 14 August,all,MonsieuRoberts,"Take Nuclear Throne, trade perks for robot parts and toss in a soundtrack that sounds like it came from Carpenter Brut's B-Sides, and you've got Neuro Voider.Another awesome twin stick Rogue-Like which allows mastery through tight controls and very intuitive gameplay."
,Recommended,400450,32983589,Posted: 29 June,all,Haystack,"Gameplay is nice and solid.  Visual and musical style work very well for the theme.   The enemies are well challenging, but not unfairly so, and the boss battles are great fun to suss out.   I love customising my bot with all the fun weapons, and I enjoy the visual flair that goes along with each module one bolts onto the bot.   I'll be enjoying this one for some time to come!"
76561198024469649,Recommended,400450,22256264,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,DumbCustomer,"NeuroVoider delivers amazing and engaging gameplay, customisation, progression, graphics and performance.Title is still in EA so a few things need to be polished but the core gameplay already boldly proposed looks really solid and satisfying.Lots of death for sure.Turret movement may take a while to aprehend.Definitely grab this if you are a fan of the genre and fancy another good take on top down shooters."
76561198079379264,Recommended,400450,25331798,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,spessujopo,I like neurovoider and recommed it to all people that like rogue lite games but it needs more content. the game lacks variety. every level feels the same and there are not many weapontypes. but aside from that good game
,Recommended,400450,22167037,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,NID INDIEN,"It is a twin-stick shooter really like Nuclear Throne, but with RPG elements: you can loot many items, customize your armors, upgrade weapons and stuff. Stats (such as speed, HP, regen...) are visible and countable.There is the EP system : every moves (shoot, dash, melee attack, etc) cost EP point which regen fasts but once all gone, you have to wait to recharge your system. This thing prevents blind spamming. The terrain is also a game changer with different things like ice & conveyor belt which influence your movements : it is good.The game is really fast paced with the presence of skills like dash, the speed of bullets, the celerity of melee attacks, the responding animation... You can choose between 3 classes with their own unique ability and 20+ skills to begin with (passive or active). Pixel art is very nice and music too.The problem is see with this game is the so-so break at the end of every level, when you have to analyse your loot, recycle, upgrade, etc. It is pleasing but it breaks the pace and during that phase, the controls are tedious imo.It is less ""jump in & play"" than Nuclear Throne, games lasts longer I believe, and I think that's the weak spot of the game. I'm interested to see how the game will become in the future.Another problem is the loot : it is very cool, we loot many items, but in-game we pick up things but we don't really know what it is, and at the end of the level I feel flooded with so many items. But this feeling is only something of the singleplayer, because in multiplayer you spend time to trade/share items. And btw, I think the real game begins when you play in co-op."
,Recommended,400450,33373472,Posted: 8 July,all,Finnept,"Aesthetically pleasing twin-stick shooter with customisation aplenty.Gameplay, visuals, sound, music - NeuroVoider does many things well. The audio/visual feedback from firing weapons and hitting targets is very satisfying, the variety of enemies is a joy. NeuroVoider's stage selection mechanic and its special stages were great fun to discuss on the couch with other players.Figuring out what works best is half the fun. Seeing the trailer tout the game's extensive customisation, my cynicism had me worried that there'd be so much customisation that it would essentially be meaningless, but this isn't the case at all. I'm excited to replay and try new combinations of weapons, classes and skills, because the options available are unique and widely varied.I could spend ages in the customisation menu between stages - just as long as I wasn't holding back impatient fellow players.The yet-to-be-implemented game saving feature will hopefully spare players the current need to set aside over an hour for a satisfying session.Bosses feel a little repetitive and would benefit from unique features that set them apart from each other - currently, they all feature weak points, minions, and a lot of bullets - nothing more.Great for a longer session with like-minded friends on the couch."
76561198108269527,Recommended,400450,25121659,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,quantum_jak,"I will come right out and say it, ""I love Neurovoider."" I think it is one of the best games available with a retro aesthetic. While the looks may be retro, the gameplay is anything but. Underneath the primitive graphic appearance it is a sophisticated procedurally-generated roguelite 2d shooter with randomized loot. You can even generate more randomized loot using the randomized loot that you don't want between levels.You are a brain in a mech suit with one special ability that you select at the start of the game. There are 3 different mech types to play and a huge variety of weapon types and abilities. You upgrade your suit by replacing parts with parts you take from vanquished foes between levels. You can even change mech type by part replacement between missions if you want to. The many different mech, weapon and ability combinations create diverse playstyles. The action is fast and controls very tight. The difficulty level is tough but fair. If you push too hard you will be overwhelmed. If you play smart the game won't throw anything at you that you can't handle.Very fun and worth full price.Almost forgot - the soudtrack is great too. It sounds like a hybrid of 80's electro and proto-techno."
,Recommended,400450,29454528,Posted: 23 January,all,jim,"I hadn't looked at the store page in quite awhile and I was rather disappointed by the reviews. This game is obviously not for everyone, but I wanted to give my own testimony that I really genuinely enjoyed it, and I recommend that you give it a chance if you're on the fence."
,Not Recommended,400450,25474292,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Colonel Sanders,"If you're hoping for a game similar to Nuclear Throne, you'll be sorely dissappointed. Nuclear Throne  feels hard, but also feels like you can keep practicing and get a little better each time. In this game, you slog through a VERY slowly increasing difficulty for the better part of an hour, with repetitive gameplay, then you get to the 3rd boss which is just a cloud of bullets and explosions everywhere. You have almost no room to move on the stage, and what room there is to move is taken up by enemies, and their attacks. It's not like the bosses in Nuclear Throne, where you can become skilled enough to dodge the attacks and strategically take out the enemies in your way. There's no tell to the enemies attacks, they move too fast to dodge (the rare times there's an open spot to move to) and there are way too many to do anything about it. You just have to hope you have enough hp and a powerful enough weapon to make it through the fight, which is unlikely. Even if you could get through this fight with skill instead of luck, it would take many tries to get good enough to win. That wouldn't be a problem in Isaac or Nuclear throne, but the gameplay in this game is just too repetitive and it takes way too long to get that far in the game."
76561197971069028,Recommended,400450,32224186,Posted: 6 June,all,RogueSnake,Old school fun!  Love this game.
76561198137789859,Recommended,400450,31247945,Posted: 19 April,all,DragonMaster50,"This is a great game, the only problem i have ever had is that theres no online multiplayer, so if you intend to get it just so you can play with firends, then don't get this game."
,Recommended,400450,24706236,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,notpel,"i have had this on my wishlist for a while now. i have been keeping an eye on it, so decided to take the plunge.so far, im really damn happy with it. i like rogue-type games, especially twin stick shooters and something new and exciting to enjoy.fans of games like nuclear throne or enter the gungeon will feel at home.a lovely design all through out and a hard game in itself.great soundtrack and awesome soundswould easily recommendsolid6/6"
76561198035564065,Recommended,400450,25416067,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,MedievalHistory,"NeuroVoider offers an authentic Sega Genesis / Super Nintendo feel that is hard to find in today's videogame market, with a killer soundtrack by a NewRetroWave genius.What really sold me on this game was the Dan Terminus soundtrack, I had previously been familiar with his work, and I was excited to see his tracks included in the game (I crank it up to max volume). Coupled with the authentic graphics, and old school authentic in-game sound effects, this game delivers. One word, AMAZING!Pros+ Two excellent high quality game trailers (Props to Flying Oak Games)+ Dan Terminus Soundtrack+ Nails that Sega Genesis/Super Nintendo feel.+ Amazing in-game sound effects.+ Excellent UI Customization+ Fun gameplay+ High replay valueCons+ Levels too short/non-linear, length/size needs to be tripled across the board.+ More time spent customizing in the extensive UI than playing the actual game.+ Perma death (lose your fully customized robot on death).+ More weapon balance needed."
,Recommended,400450,25097631,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,filthy mike,"Saw NeuroVoider pop up in the steam recommends section many times but kinda passed it by.  Finally after hearing a friend playing and loving it, I took the plunge.  Bought a copy to play co-op with my fiance. I'm going to do my best to review this game from both the perspective of a gamer and a game dev.Firstly, hot damn this game has so many great things going for it:1) consistent and powerful aesthetic through and through, kudos2) controls and gameplay are tight, responsive and feel good3) randomly generated dungeons are always awesome, bonus points4) co-op! and properly implemented coop at that, bonus points all around5) the soundtrack is incredible and can stand on it's own merit, the fact that it's in this game and matches thematically is just icing on the cake6) customizing your robot in between each level is such a nice pacing mechanic, and also helps to feel in-tune with your character7) entire core loop is solid, flows nicely, and is well thought out8) it was one of the few early access games that helps fix the bad name early access has gotten, thank you for thatThat being said I have one minor and one major issue:Minor - The points in which the generated areas of dungeons connect look too similarly to walls in my opinion, a tiny bit of visual distinction would go a long way for navigation.And finally, the major issue I have with this game, (devs please hear me out, I have nothing but love for this game ) the boss fights.  As far as I can tell, every boss fight is the same, but with ramped up numbers.  Essentially you're fighting against a typewriter head that shoots, has a changing ""weak point"" you shoot at in order to hurt it, and it spawns mobs to harass you.  As the first boss it was cool! When it was the second boss but with harder mobs I was a bit disappointed but hopeful the third boss would be different.  Finally after many tries we made it to the third boss, and unfortunately it was the same boss again but with insanely ramped up damage/mobs.From a gamer's standpoint, this lack of variety in what are supposed to be epic moments and milestones in a game felt robbed, and sadly diminished my desire to keep playing. For everything else in the game to be so incredibly fluid and paced well, the repeating boss fight just felt irritating and dissapointing.From a gamedev standpoint, I know how much damn work a boss fight takes.  Between unique assets, AI/behaviour, testing and everything else, boss fights are EXPENSIVE. So I understand why such shortcuts were taken.  I personally would suggest a test branch where you make a huge room, scale up an asset for an existing enemy, give it tons of health and damage and just try that as an alternate boss fight.  Even if only boss 2 was this way I feel like it would help break up the monotony and improve the games overall experience.TLDR; This game is awesome for so many reasons, pick it up if you need a good local co-op experience and enjoy dungeon crawler / roguelites."
,Recommended,400450,26572753,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,my name doesn't fit,"Okay, just saying, I love this game, but I don't play it often because, well...The game can get a little lackluster at times, not anything to do, not really interesting sometimes, practically no story, only a few negative things about this game, but the good part of this game is that positive features outnumber the negative one.-Very neat ""swap"" mechanic, allowing you to switch your playstyle instantly.-Good ""traits"" system, can allow for many different builds and abuse of mechanics, which is one of my favorite features of roguelikes.-You play as a frikkin brain! And I have to say, they're a pretty ♥♥♥♥in badass buncha brains.-One of the randomly generated names you can get is Abel.0, which sounds weirdly cool to me.-Neat active abilities for each character.Overall, its a good game, don't let the minor negative sides of the game let you down, this game still has a lot in store, and is definetely going to be updated sooner or later.Well, that was my first review in like, a year. Risk of Rain, anyone?"
,Recommended,400450,29154742,Posted: 9 January,all,Mooo25,"This is an wonderfully good, couch coop game.  If you are ever looking for a PC game to play when you have friends over, this is the game to play.This is a great shorter term couch coop game with friends.  It is a rouge-like, so when all players die, you gotta start again, and you do not get anything (so far) for dying.  There is no aspect to level with deaths.  I don't think that detracts from the game; however, it is something to note.Your ""mech"" is very customizable, and the weapons are all random and offer different properties.  You can even upgrade your weapons and armor even further.The sound track is really good, but you have to like cyberpunk music."
,Recommended,400450,25279448,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,flyingeye,One of the better twin stick shooters I've ever played. Everything you would want in this sort of game with more emphasis on fun than frustration.
,Recommended,400450,33354978,Posted: 7 July,all,Doctor Pyro,"NeuroVoider is a twin-stick shooter RPG set in a cyber futuristic world about brains shooting around evil robots with nuclear rocket launchers. Battle through the horde of vigilant robots, boost your character with the smoking remains of your victims, and defeat the master NeuroVoider to end this eternal war. Play it coop with up to 4 friends, or go alone in an adventure of hack'n'slash rampage, with a pinch of rogue-lite, and some permadeath."
,Recommended,400450,32507791,Posted: 17 June,all,Dysprosium66,"This game is very fun, but also pretty difficult. I would give this a 9/10 right up there with Dead Cells in the Rouge genre."
,Recommended,400450,29434470,Posted: 22 January,all,PrettyMatureEjaculation,Armored Core + Nuclear Throne + a disemboweled squirrel
,Recommended,400450,25284457,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,celerypie,"My old DirectInput gamepads work out of the box, no emulators needed. For me that's reason enough to recommend this game, because this is rarely the case with many recently released controller-focused games.Single player is fun so far, it's pretty challenging though, I'm stuck at the first (edit: second) boss. Nevertheless, the art style, music and general feel of the game make me enjoy every second. This is proper procedural generation, everything has a purpose and seemingly useless loot can be made useful by means of the boost system. The loadout screen has some useful features, such as scrapping every weapon you didn't use since the last mission and a useful comparison screen. For me, this makes selecting your gear much less tedious than in other loot-based games. Plus, the game has mini-nukes!Didn't try local coop yet, will update the review accordingly.Edit (14.06.2017):With 2 players, local coop is really fine and fun, but the camera felt wonky at times, I imagine it gets worse with more players."
,Recommended,400450,24675232,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Amateur Linux Gamer,"I don't know why i never noticed this game. It is an AMAZING COUCH EXPERIENCE! It really makes me miss that 2nd controller stick (I should really switch away from steam controller for this title, i'd be much better at it)not as cute and adorable as Assault Android Cactus, but lots more guns and yay random levels!10/10 Super fun times, would avenge fleshy bretheren again!!"
,Recommended,400450,27335640,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Alu The Hungry Ghost~,"Neurovoider is a great couch co-op game for 4 people.  In the beginning of each game ""session"" you're given the choice  of 3 robot classes: Dash(fastest and squishy), Rampage( balanced medium robot) and Fortress(the name says it all).You also get to choose perk, passive or active, after which you are thrown into the first level. The level objectives are pretty self-explanatory: kill everything that moves, destroy reactors, kill bosses, survive.The major advantage of the game is the randomness of it. Sometimes you get all elite enemies spawned, sometimes you get lucky and get super crazy gun that nukes half of the screen.  All enemies drop health kits and loot. Loot is separated in 4 different categories: vison, core, transport and weapons. Each class has their own loot, you can't use other class loot, but you can sell it for credits or you can change your class mid-game( which is a big +, in my opinion). After finishing the stage, the intermission comes, where you can upgrade your robot, repair it, sell loot or gamble for the better loot.  randomization system makes game feel like it has limitless amount of guns and upgrades. To sum it up, the gameplay is really fast-paced and can be really challenging( some enemies may oneshot you), but otherwise it wouldn't be fun.The graphics are nice, but it's the soundtrack that needs to be mentioned. The OST is basically an album ""The Wrath Of The Code"" by Dan Terminus. The tracks are what gets you into the ""crush/destroy"" mood, though not all of them are aggressive . If you're fan of Perturbator( Hotline Miami, Furi) you definitely need to check out Dan Terminus.Controls are slick on both  gamepad and keyboard/mouse. However, the game wasn't optimised for Dualshock 4, which will be recognized as Xbox One controller by the game.There aren't that many things to complain about. I would suggest devs to add more boss and location variety.Overall it's really nice game. If you're searching for top-down twin-stick to play with friends, it's a must-have."
,Recommended,400450,30530731,Posted: 15 March,all,Rowsdower,"I like the pacing bewteen level and outfitting, lotta fun weapons. All in all a soild rouge-lite shooter!"
,Recommended,400450,25370731,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,ֆᎮ⊰◜◟⋎◞◝⊱ֆᎮ,A really slick twin stick shooter. Gives me some Nuclear Throne vibes w/ some RPG lite elements thrown in that also reminds me of the roguelike Cogmind.
,Recommended,400450,25886380,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Keldric,"Having a really great time with this game.  Here's the stuff that did it for me:+ Buying stuff.  I'm a sucker for games where I earn money and then upgrade my toon between missions.  Like the original OFF ROAD in the arcade.+ Great music.+ Works well in single AND local co-op.  Too many games out there that obviously should have local co-op, but don't.+ Tremendous replayability.+ Many levels can be played very quickly.  Good for those times where you're cleaning the house, and you need to stop to reward yourself with a level or 2.Here's a quick 10 minutes of gameplay to check it out:https://youtu.be/qI5HK53PVMM"
76561198257594327,Recommended,400450,22222259,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,All Outta Bubblegum,"-this review is not final being the game is in early access and the dev team is doing an amazing job placing feedback straight into the gameplay-NeuroVoider is a top down, Rogue-Like ""Gear heaven/bullet hell"" with an excellent Loot mechanic that lets you forge new weapons or armor for your brave robot, equip new items from slain robots, or just upgrade your existing gear by scrapping what you will not use.-before the action-There are three robots to choose from giving you options on how you will play the game (their starting weapons can be replaced during your run to whatever you see fit) all weapons, melee weapons, armor, and gear are able to be switched or upgraded during your run-through, if you start off with the dash class and find that you picked up a better Chassie that is a fortress only chest plate, your class will be switched to a fortress giving you more advantage over the cyber armies of neuro voider.Dash-  Speedy lil devil, with the ability to dash unharmed to enemy projectiles.its starting weapon is an auto rifle and melee (sword)Rampage- has a ""berserk"" type of vibe, being able to go into a rage slowing down its speed, but of course fire rate and energy recharge rate increases.Its starting weapon is a shotgun and melee (sword)Fortress- ""The Tank"" the ability to shut itself down and create an energy sheild that protects the fortress from incoming fire.its starting weapon is a rockt launcher and melee (sword)After choosing a what i like to call ""play style"" you come to the perks page, from here you choose from a variaty of passive to active perks, but choose wisely because you can only pick one.Each level you choose from is generated randomly, with an objective but before you choose you get to look at the difficulty of the ""Dungeon"", the rate of loot that will be dropped and the size of each zone, allowing you to start off slow with a lower difficulty so you can take your time upgrading your robot to easily destory the harder difficulties with better loot ratings. enemies vary from large to small, quick to slow, but really to pack a punch when it comes to numbers, also in each level there are elite enemies who are a bit tougher but drop better loot for your robot. but if you played your cards right and upgraded your robot to fit your play style to the T, you should have no worries whilst blowing up the screen to a quite amazing soundtrack.If you are a fan of beat em up rogue-likes, loot, loot, more loot, gear, bullet-hells, infinte replay values and are looking for something that scratches that nuclear throne itch to something i find very simular in difficulty and gameplay but amazingly different in loot, customizing, art, music and choice? then this game is a must to pick up, even tho it is still in early access, the feedback you could be leaving and the choices you think they should be making could also be in the final release of the game, which leads to more amazing content that will be included upon its release. Also remember this game is not complete and will be added onto in time.pick this one up, help these guys create something that will become in my opinion a solid rogue-like franchise!"
76561197990374398,Recommended,400450,25344046,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,poVoq,"Nice steam-controller support, runs also well on Linux.Soundtrack is nice, but game is a bit repetitive and quite hard.8/10."
,Recommended,400450,22211852,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,p4ndr,"This game:1. Takes what I love/hate about bullet-hell / twin-stick / rouge-lite games,2. illustrates it in a beautiful, neon, pixellated world, and;3. sets it to a pumping chiptune soundtrack.It's like Bladerunner, Binding of Isaac and Dodonpachi had a beautiful, beautiful baby. If you're a fan of twin-sticks, rogue-lite or ridiculously huge guns, give it a crack.Side note: I love that the devs have included a universal feedback system - you can hit ""f"" any time at all to leave positive or negative feedback - it's a really great idea that's so obvious, it makes me wonder why more devs don't do something similar. Something like this would be more likely to capture those tiny ""i wish x wasn't so y"" moments that people couldn't really be too bothered posting on forums about."
,Recommended,400450,23815499,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,futique808,"Game is very good.   Would like to see more kinds of guns.  Music is awsome can we please get more tracks in the game,If you like roguelite and twinstick give it a shot!"
76561198112267454,Recommended,400450,28433280,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Dendrobates,Amazing game! Amazing soundtrack! Kept me playing 8h straight.
76561198263939809,Recommended,400450,31915182,Posted: 23 May,all,Ryuki☆Deadkunami,One of the best Top-Down Shooter I have ever played with customization mechanics~
,Recommended,400450,25471374,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,R° Shuckle,Great couch co-op. Reminds me of Enter the Gungeon. Will spend many hours playing through this as well.
,Not Recommended,400450,28676926,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,work2alex,"I want to say that I really really liked NeuroVoider, but...Overall the game is really stylish and with lots of potential, but there are some minuses that makes it boring after a while:1. The levels are very easy even o difficult level (just shoot from maximum distance and move backwards if needed, only mobs with rockets are more or less challenging), but bosses are difficult. I wish the normal levels to be as difficult and intense as boss levels are (or at least not so easy as they are now).2. There is big amount of ammo to choose from, but after I get the gun with constant beam - I stop to look at other options - this is the best for me. I would like to choose a gun depending on level type/ enemies type but because all levels are repetitive I stick with constant beam.3. The robot modification and upgrading is fun at the beginning but starts to feel boring after an hour/two of playing.Looking forward for more content that is to make the game more challenging and not so boring/repetitive. For me the replayability is quite low If you compare it to Nuclear throne, binding of isaac, enter the gungeon, risk of rain... But I wish this game all the best because I really like the atmosphere, style and music. Probably introducing of artefacts, skill tree, enemies that require different tactics to kill (inspiration can be obtained from the titles I already mentioned), some plot to the came can make it much better. But now it looks the same all the time (differences in items, mobs and levels are only cosmetic for me) and I already have no motivation to continue playing it after 8 hours of play.ps I did not try coop and played only as rogue type of robot, probably it can add sum fun for a while, but problems above kill the game long term anyway.pps looking forward for new updates, I hope the developers will take into account the flows that I mentioned. I read the description of the update to come, but it does not change the situation.ppps I realy want to change the review to positive :-)"
,Recommended,400450,24094878,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Harp,It's 'ight
76561198202954862,Recommended,400450,24921754,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,DolphinLettuce,Meh
,Recommended,400450,22402902,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,Hyper Demon,Good.
,Recommended,400450,30606082,Posted: 18 March,all,Mr. Pokeylope,"Sometimes you have to just embrace the fact you are terrible with energy management, and opt to explode when it happens. The game took on a whole new meaning when I found the holy grenade that removed all my energy, and could casualy dash in and nuke things.Would not suggest vs melee super elite :( RIP"
,Recommended,400450,23212747,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,"Console.Write(""Amac1990\n"");",Alot of people are complaining that it doesnt work on mac. Works just fine on windows 10 same for the controls.
76561198182081565,Recommended,400450,27152432,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Lynx,Very nice arcade style game! I haven't played much but by the amount I have played it's great. I highly suggest anyone who is looking for a retro style arcade game buys this
76561198329319647,Recommended,400450,31407580,Posted: 27 April,all,entr0py,"I love a good twin stick shooter and this game delivers for me. I think that while it is repetitive to a certain degree, there is enough variety and nuance to keep it interesting. The music is a perfect fit for this game and I appreciate the style of the game in general.The continued updates to the game have made it that much better. This was one of my first games when I got Steam and is by far my favorite!My advice to someone considering this game: If you like twin stick shooters (and don’t mind some grinding) then you will get your money’s worth."
76561198069522414,Recommended,400450,27087581,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Ov Åeons,a fun little couch co op! With some great music from Dan Terminus.
76561198228326332,Recommended,400450,23652356,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Benderew,"This is a UPDATED REVIEW from the review i posted on this game a while ago. In the previous review, i stated that the game needed work but cut it some slack because of its early access state. I mentioned the controls were a difficult and confusing to get used to, however while playing a more updated version of the game, my opinion has changed.As stated in my last review, i think the music and graphics are brilliant and nice to look at. It can however be a bit difficult at times to see what tiles of the stage you can actually walk on. This is due to some of the walls being the same colour as the floor. However gameplay wise, its very fun and enjoyable to play and i like the idea of finding stronger weapons from the other robots you fight, and then equipping/upgrading your current weapons for more HP or damage. That being said, the menu used to upgrade your character between each ""stage"" can be a bit confusing at first glance, however it becomes much easier once you know what your doing.As for controls (Keyboard controls), they are again quite difficult to get used to at first, however on a personal note, i only needed to change one control for me to be satisfied with the game. A player however could get very confused when using the keyboard controls since NeuroVoider always either shows Xbox controller controls or Playstation controller controls on the screen on the main menu, in upgrade menus etc.UPDATE: This issue has now been fixed and will only show xbox/playstation controls if the player actually uses one of these controllers to play the game. BIG Improvement!In the games current state, i can now happily recommend this to anyone that loves the rogue-like genre of gaming. If you have played Nuclear Throne, Enter the Gungeon or The Binding of Issac, you will have a good time with this game regardless to the control method you decide to use. The game in its current state might be a little on the expensive side so maybe wait for a sale if your a bit short on steam funds.Current Review score: 8.5/10"
76561198110188745,Recommended,400450,22256107,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,GOTOHELL YOU FUCKING PIECEOFSHIT,"Let me start off by saying this game if ♥♥♥♥ing awesome. The combats great, the music is awsome, and it works perfectly(despite being a Early Access game). While this game is in EA don't let that scare you away since the devs are very active.This game does depart from the conventions of the roguelite genre. Instead of having prebuilt items they made guns and apparel procedurally generated like in borderlands. Also you have more control over what you get in this roguelite. This game makes you feel more in control of what character you want to build sinc you can choose from 3 different classes and some abilities. Not only that but levels usually will give you tons of weapons and apparel to choose from. You can also buy more weapons and apparel with scrap or boost weapons and apparel. This is very refreshing and a departure from what we usually get in roguelites.The goal for each level is to destroy a certain number of generators to progress. Idk if this changes after the first boss but so far thats what you do in the first section of the game. After every 4 levels you get a boss which are extremly difficult. You also get to decide where you want to go after each level. Each level have three different characteristics size, difficulty, loot. Loot deterimines how much loot you'll get, size will make the level bigger, difficulty makes the enemies harder but they also drop better loot. Depending on the situation you're in the characteristics of these levels can be really crucial to how you'll progress in the game.The game also has coop mode but its only local at the moment. The devs are thinking about making the game online. I haven't tried out multiplayer yet but Im assuming its awesome from what I 've experienced in singleplayer. Multiplayer isn't mandatory but hopefully we'll see online coop in the future maybe even with a matchmaking system.Overall this game is really fun and if you're a fan of rogue lites or twin stick shooters you'll enjoy this game."
76561198009796255,Recommended,400450,25279724,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Ticker DEE,Very fun. One of the better spiltscreen dungeon crwalers
,Recommended,400450,30504073,Posted: 14 March,all,Warden,Great game. Reminds me of Enter the Gungeon and the tunes are fantastic!
,Recommended,400450,32296878,Posted: 9 June,all,CapibaraCake,"Neurovoider is one of the best multiplayer roguelikes I've ever played, the possibility of combining different robot pieces to create your own custom death machine devivers imesurable fun!I recommend it to any group of friends that would like to have a great time cooperating on couch =)"
76561198298541554,Recommended,400450,32508127,Posted: 17 June,all,Mrbeefcurta1ns,"Its fun, but really difficult..."
,Recommended,400450,23294527,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,mtrox,"Fun, little, quirky twin-stick shooter with a cool art style and awesome soundtrack. The customization brings back fond memories of Armored Core.  It is  also, by far, one of the best couch co-op games I've played on Steam."
,Recommended,400450,24033971,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,TuxedoShark,"This game is great in a lot of ways, while I think it's lil too easy to die when you don't spend all your scrap metal on repairs when you take damage, and I have this weird thing where the entire screen is blue, and not as the pictures advertise, It's a good game!"
,Recommended,400450,24022957,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Icky,"Awesome rogue-lite [various options on gameplay] and potential for the future.I picked NeuroVoider first day and it's come into it's own in recent updates.  The basic gist is you are a robot, out of 3 classes [read: light, medium, heavy] that is equiped with various augments for vision, generator, movement as well 2 gun slots.You load in and use the base set of augments to initially destroy a random (though none above 4 that I've found) Reactors based on the size, difficulty and amount of loot in the level.  Once you've handled all the Reactors [read: don't have to kill all the alerted bots you're against] you can teleport out, however, the joy of this rouge-lite comes in the ability to change and choose your class and augents each step of the way.  Want to go light to start and beef up to medium?  Sure, we can do that.  Want to upgrade that vision augent to something a bit better?  Yep, you can pickup random drops and utilize them and if you even want to Boost the existing augments you get a power gain on each one.  Finally, if you want to just try  your luck at a random generated loot item, we've got that handled too; albeit for a range of scrap that you pickup on the way [read: currency of the game]Fight your way through the levels you choose each step of the way in difficulty, size, etc.  Change up your augments and go for Rocket Launchers or how bout Beam weapons or even yet Grenade.  You have 2 weapon slots and a 'per class' ability for ultimate 'boomness'.  Finally, you get to choose a program to run with this whole time such as a Healing, better Vision or movement and even chance at better loot.All in all it's a great game that I find myself playing more and more.  It's actively updated by great dev's who listen to community thus far so really; if you like a great rogue-lite with random loot, ability to upgrade and progress fighting other robots and Bosses at various steps, all the while having the ability to choose your weapons and gear as well the difficulty and size of the level; then this will be a great buy for you.Also the techo driven soundtrack is right at home and I find myself beebopin my head up and down and pausing only to look left and right nearly every game.  It's great to just push the music volume to 11, sit back and rock out as you scale those levels.  It's so well done and with both keyboard and controller support [read: I typically use controller] it's an awsome game for not much scratch so hope you enjoy it as I have!Cheers,~Icky"
,Recommended,400450,28910786,Posted: 1 January,all,Adiemus,"NeuroVoider is an great game to play with someone or play solo. and i love music and  the art style of some of the robots.9/10Why is only an 9, I haven´t fully tryed the co-op mode yet. and i´m not done yet with the game still stuck on second boss."
,Recommended,400450,25175261,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Glassy Cannon,AWESOME GAME!!!!!  My only complaint is that the boss battles are SUPER HARD!!!  Other than that I love it
,Not Recommended,400450,33891997,Posted: 29 July,all,Brutal Strudel,"Probably the one and only thing that keeps me from liking this game is the very simple AI.  You have longer range than most anything in the game and everything just runs straight towards you once alerted, making everything easily cheesed by just backpeddling."
,Not Recommended,400450,34918564,Posted: 13 September,all,DanGraf,"Alas, I had higher hopes. It's a lot of style and complexity but lacking substance and cohesion.Gamefeel is meh, and the procedurally generated levels don't offer meaningful replayability."
76561198086479861,Recommended,400450,25315723,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Willllaf's,"OMG. Music awesome, gameplay awesome, loading awesome, overall I'd say it's an awesome game."
76561198097808300,Recommended,400450,26589326,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,HYPERION,awesome but i want to play with friends which i cant because its not full on multiplayer its only local please make it full on multiplayer
,Recommended,400450,22694789,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Unleashed,Excellent game so far.
76561198094133550,Recommended,400450,30864437,Posted: 31 March,all,MCSfan,Its a fun and quick Rogue.
76561198068927443,Recommended,400450,30847388,Posted: 30 March,all,Lasciel,Rampage class: Gatlings + Special Skill = Ear♥♥♥♥♥♥10/10
,Recommended,400450,22186741,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,SandyHippo,Nuclear Throne with customisation and loot.
76561198007809895,Recommended,400450,25232598,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Winters Iron,I wish i had more time to play!!!!
,Recommended,400450,23673772,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,iLL MAC10,"NeuroVoider is definitely one of the most unique Rogue-lite games out there at the momentThe game is jam-packed with action, fast paced combat, and customisable character combinations that would certainly fit your playstyle - From slow and powerful tanks, to speedy melee classes.The game offers a variety of interesting levels that you can play by yourself, or together with friends!Seeing how this is still in early access, I'd love to follow along and see where this game will end up.Without a doubt, I would recommend this game to anyone who is a fan of Rogue-lite games, similar to Nuclear Throne ;   I will surely spend more time on the game, as it also has good replayability.""It's like Nuclear Throne with robots!"""
,Recommended,400450,23918622,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Leeve,No means YES!
,Recommended,400450,24280253,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,FlameDecepter,"This game is unbelievable!The fact that this game is created by a two man team with all the content they have put in this is great!Here is what I love about this game-Gorgeous Visuals-Costumizable robots-Interesting concept of scraps used to do many things after the stage-The ability to chose between 3 stages where each has different difficulty rating, loot, and size-You can save to come back to it later-The developer is very interactive with the community recieving feedback, talking to them, and being overall a nice guy.-The beta build has a easy access feedback button to tell them if there is a bugThere is only one thing and one thing only that a dislike- At the start there is very little help to tell you what controlls there are for a keyboard, but that can be fixed! with getting a controller or by looking at the controlsBut overall I would love to play this game all the time. It is ridiculessly fun and has you fighting till you drop!"
76561198024626680,Recommended,400450,33199877,Posted: 3 July,all,drribosome,"Good for a few playthroughs, but not enough content to continue replaying. Makes a great party game if no has played it already"
,Recommended,400450,34615958,Posted: 30 August,all,psychic,"[Was and still am super hooked on this one, already have played this for an insane amount of hours through a different Steam account.] The OST by Dan Terminus really sets the mood.10/10 Will continue to play over and over again."
76561197970538611,Recommended,400450,30442121,Posted: 11 March,all,Westenra,"Did you like the movie ""WALL-E"" but thought it would be cooler if the main character was a homicidal killing machine?Do I have the game for you!Take note indie-devs: THIS is how you make a proper twin-stick shooter. Simple, easy to learn, addictive gameplay. Since it contains ""rogue-like"" elements it is also eminently replayable.You play a human brain (the last human brain) inserted into a combat chassis to retake a world overrun with partying robots-- like literally partying, speaker systems act as explosive barrels. Obviously the robots don't take too kindly to this.There are about 20 maps each playthrough with a boss every five or so. Enemy loadouts, like the maps themselves, are randomly generated and the bigger the baddie the better look it drops. Loot takes the form of coins (which recharge your special skill), weapons and modifications for your chassis, which you can swap out and upgrade between levels. This is a very fun process and can take several minutes as you compare stats and spend scrap, which can also be used to re-roll level stats. Combat (depending on your selected difficulty) is fast and hectic, and you will learn to identify who is coming at you from off-screen based on their ""alert"" noise. This can be very anxiety inducing, especially the gutteral groan of an Elite.Things I don't like, so you don't think I work for the devs or something: There are three types of chassis to choose from at the beginning of the game, but the Tank class is the only useful one. Each class has a unique secondary attack; all of these are also useless. There are 20 or so ""specials"" to choose from when you start your playthrough, basically special ""powers"" you can activate that give you some sort of advantage for a brief period of time before they have to recharge. Sadly, the Healing Skill is, you guessed it, pretty much the only useful one. Not being able to repair on the fly while being swarmed from all sides = game over. I wish there were more than four types of ""metaverse"" levels, because those are a welcome switch from the regular ones.Lastly, as others have mentioned, the game lacks a certain sense of depth or longevity, but, as you can tell from my cummulative play-time, this is a matter of personal taste."
76561197999498341,Not Recommended,400450,33287188,Posted: 5 July,all,No.3 Mole,"The biggest issue NeuroVoider faces is that its level of randomization and customization is nowhere near what the game's trailer suggests.You get to select a player class, which really only alters your special move (a dash, a shield, or a sort of berzerker mode); you can select second special of your choosing, an active or passive ability of your choice; you can select your two weapons, and while there are a staggering amount of different options, you'll soon find two that work best for you and seldom even look at other variations; and you can select your head, body, and locomotion modules, but each of them are basically flatly 'upgrades' or 'downgrades' with very minor differences between base stats to act as sidegrades.Similarly, most enemies are very similar: Swarms of minor enemies, the occasional big, tough enemy, and four main bosses that are effectively all the same boss with minor weapon variants. As a result, the same strategy you use on any given stage should work pretty well on all of them. Also, most of the stages are very similar - there aren't really any interesting rooms or setpieces like most roguelites and most of the different location options look, honestly, visually very similar as well. I makes the option of location feel kind of pointless, really, aside from the differences in loot amount elite enemies, and general map size.The end result is a game that lures you in with the promise of tons of customization, but you spend far more of your time just grinding and upgrading your setup that works for you to help you take down slightly stronger variations of the same enemies again and again than you do customizing anything or trying to tailor your approach to specific obsticles. And, of course, since 90% of your customization is straight upgrades, you really don't even feel that sense of lucky/unlucky a loot-based roguelite should give by dropping particularly grand loot in your lap or lackthereof - you'll get it eventually because it's just part of the game's progression.Might recommend to specific people on sale, would not recommend at full price."
,Recommended,400450,26186227,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,Engibeer,"Just got a core piece for the ""Fortress"" class called:""Smoking Core of Legendary Breakfast""11/10*PS Amazing soundtrack"
76561198097483464,Recommended,400450,25356556,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Merp,"10/10 best purchase ever made,outstanding graphics,60FPS!,Awesome combos can be obtained...i also got the deluxe upgrade and it was worth every penny :D"
76561198129616849,Recommended,400450,25280355,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Flailing Squid,LASER BEAAAAAAMS!!!
76561197990750404,Recommended,400450,30572156,Posted: 17 March,all,Broseiden God of the Brocean,Rougelike robot-building shoot-em up game. Awesome.
,Recommended,400450,30549461,Posted: 16 March,all,A.D.G,"Strait up just a great game, spot on with the rouge lite genre, will definatly recommend to my friends lmao"
,Recommended,400450,22209308,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Sneksriel,"The Warframe of Early Access Rougelites, but be warned! a single run could take up to four hours of intense competition and combat, dont injure yourselves :<"
,Recommended,400450,22243894,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Toe Head,"Really fun game with great gameplay. However, i am excperiencing a glitch that makes it so i cannot log on and the game shuts down when it is supposed to turn on. But besides that overall 10/10"
76561198061769814,Recommended,400450,25412256,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,An Actual Gorilla,Pew Pew Pew*dodge dodge*Pew! PEW PEW PEW!!*DODGE DODGE DODGE DODGE*OH GOD! WHY GOD! WHY!?PEWPEWPEWPEWPEWPEWPEW!!!!9/10
76561198131526588,Recommended,400450,30074407,Posted: 21 February,all,Frost the Snowman,"I definately reccommed this game it's really fun. Unfortunately it is only local co-op, and for a computer game kinda needs online multiplayer."
76561197999258939,Recommended,400450,26040163,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Shelby,MAKE IT ONLINE MP... holy crap. great game minus that one thing that everyone is doing lately.. splitscreen and local coop only... im on a pc. pc ppl only play online coop... great game.
,Recommended,400450,34571333,Posted: 29 August,all,Marker013,Awesome.
,Recommended,400450,32489458,Posted: 16 June,all,Meme Spaghett,dis gaem is gud
,Recommended,400450,25962643,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,™ Æñç,PEW PEW PEW.   I HATE ROGUE LIKE
76561198120597552,Recommended,400450,29233649,Posted: 13 January,all,Toothpaste,I got shot.
76561198035018019,Not Recommended,400450,30639966,Posted: 20 March,all,A_Gulper_Eel,"Its meh, boring, nothing new, very repetitive, low content."
,Not Recommended,400450,26040890,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,baconprison,This game showed alot of pontentaland ill give you this the game is nearly bug freebut what the trailer shows and what i was hoping for was a fast paced game where you would struggle every level and gear up almost like a spelunky shooterwhat i got instead was a rather slow paced game where you take things slow to survive and you can take a mountain of bullets honestly a dissapointment this could be a great fast paced rpg but at the moment its not3.5/10 lacks action personally
76561197991116272,Not Recommended,400450,31614961,Posted: 7 May,all,palmeryan,"balance issues. once you get a nuke weapon, the run becomes too easy. This feels like a structural issue that can't be fixed with stat tweaks."
,Not Recommended,400450,30539075,Posted: 16 March,all,Kobe Bryant Beef Injection,Why am I walking through an empty hallway for 20 minutes
,Not Recommended,400450,26079015,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Lnchb0xMarathon,"are the game mechanics good? yeah they arent too bad.the levels are kind of small and short and i tend to get lost often. there really isnt much to this game.its a good game, but i wont recommend it to anyone. it just seems to be lacking in any kind of content or story."
,Not Recommended,400450,22655336,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,j'afficheinado,"The controls are terrible. There are four different confirmation buttons, a, x, y, and occasionally enter or space. What is the need for this? Also, the game feels very sluggish, and none of the weapons feel good to use. The intermission phase between levels is beyond confusing to work with, and most of the time it leaves you wondering if you actually upgraded anything or not. Every level is the same, the gunplay never changes, and it is boring to look it."
,Not Recommended,400450,22448249,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,iceraider69,"Controlls are completely broken on MAC.  I understand that it is early access, but the developers should have released a windows only version if they knew in advance that mac computer controls were completley broken.  I hate to leave a negative review on early access.  If the game was simply crashing, or had other asthetic defects, that would be alright.  No controlls = no go.  Perhaps just a simple message for mac users? ""Note: Mac users must use the keyboard during this version.  I'm just dissippointed."
76561198069164158,Not Recommended,400450,22624476,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Ur all bed,Would be worht it if it was $3 or lessThe game feels nothing like the trailer makes the game out to be
,Recommended,400450,22526601,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Daedrin,"Going to preface with immediate huge cons. Which are definitely outliers at the current time of review. (Beta 26).* There is no save system. At all. This is being added. but it's not in yet.* The difficulty curve is more like a brick wall. Easy. Easy. Moderate boss. Easy. Easy. WTF BOSS. This is also being addressed.* Only local multiplayer without even LAN.But now that is out of the way, the game is amazing! Fantastic soundtrack. Interesting visuals. Loot system has depth but not so much that you spend more time in your inventory than playing.The weapon types are varied enough to be interesting without being too confusing. I wish the AI was a bit smarter but that's on the roadmap as well. There is still enough variance to keep you on your toes. (Being zerg rushed by 60 tiny melee bots vs being sniped vs hit by barrage of missiles vs bullethell style plasma balls, etc.)The game is a bit rough around the edges, but the core gameplay is really well done and is being updated at a great pace. If you want to wait a few weeks to pick this up, that's fine. I did not regret the purchase one bit. But definitely keep an eye out for it! Going to be amazing when it's closer to being done."
,Recommended,400450,22562439,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,Shift,I HEARD YOU LIKE TWIN STICK SHOOTERS SO WE TOOK NUCLEAR THRONE AND REPLACED ALL THE MUTANTS WITH MECHA
76561198110824484,Recommended,400450,24608159,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,DJTatertot,This is mind-blowing.
,Recommended,400450,24547807,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,PsySneks,"It's a great freaking twin stick shooter with alot of stuff behind it already. You will find your self playing it over and over AS IS, I mean im shocked it's not even done yet. I can't wait to see what other great additions will come to this game."
,Recommended,400450,25307201,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Mel,"NeuroVoider is a top down, twinstick, rogue-like shooter with RPG elements. Your character, a brain, sets out in one of 3 mech suits to battle the hordes of robotic enemies and bosses. A run can take 2 or so hours to complete.TL:DR I really like the game and recommend it if you like top-down, rogue-like shooters like Nuclear Throne. Below is a detailed description of the game's mechanicsProgression in this game is linear, where the player completes a set amount of stages between boss fights. The player is given a choice of 4 areas to choose from per stage, with each having differing size, elite, and loot stats. Boss fights are given their own seperate stage as well. Each stage is randomly generated in structure and enemy layout, with the goal in each stage being to destroy a random number of generators in the stage, usually dependent upon the size of the area. There are special stages as well, which reward players with scrap, the ingame currency, and points used to skip levels if the player chooses to. There are 6 stages between boss fights, and 4 bosses.The stats of the stage, as stated previously, are size, elite, and loot. Size simply dictates the size of the stage, elite dictates how many elite enemies there will be, and loot determines how common rare drops are. Typically you want a lot of elites, which drop rare items, and a high loot stat to get even rarer items. A large stage size also gives more opportunity to get rare drops.In terms of characters, there are 3 in the game; Dash, Rampage, and Fortress. Each has there own special move. Dash can... dash, which is used to dodge projectiles or simply travel throughout the stages faster. Rampage gains fires both weapons at once with increased attack and movement speed. Fortress can give himself an invulnerable bubble that deflects projectiles.Another component of character building is a passive or active ability. The player can choose one of quite a few abilities, which range from a pretty respectable self heal to passives that turn you into a glass cannon. Active abilities, once used, will require crystals to regenerate which are obtained by destroying any enemy and generators (you get them without noticing, really). Abilites like the self heal will require signifacantly more crystal to recharge than something like the teleportation ability (for obvious reasons).Basic character stats are HP and EP. HP is very self explanatory, it's just how much health you have left. EP is a bit more complicated. Firing weapons consumes EP and using character specials uses EP. Your EP pool can drain VERY fast depending on what character special is being used and which weapons are being used; abilities like Rampage's will drain EP extremely quickly, as you are firing both weapons at once while Dash's special consumes far less EP. Weapons like machine guns will slowly drain EP while firing a gatling rail gun will drop your EP in two bursts. If a player uses all their EP up, they will be put into a overheat state, where they cannot use weapons or special moves until their EP fully regenerates. HP and EP/EP regeneration rate can be increased through items obtained.There are 4 types of items a player can obtain by defeating enemies and destroying chests, with tiered levels of rarity. Players can also uprade these items to a max of 5 times, increasing their bonuses and effectiveness. There are Visions (Visors), Core, Transport, and weapons. Visors increase EP (and two other stats, but they are labeled with question marks. perhaps and unlock?) Cores increase HP, EP, EP regenration rate, and can reduce special ability costs. Transport raises HP, increases movements speed, and overheat recovery rate. These are the only ways to increase HP and EP, so be sure to choose wisely. It's important to note that these three things are class specific, and likely favor certain stats over others depending on what class you are. You can obtain items from other classes while playing (which can be sort of frustrating when you get a super rare item but can't use it), but fortunately you can scrap them for currency.Weapons have various types. There are bullet types, rocket types, grenade types, beam types, liquid types, and cutting type (could be missing some). Each type can have different variations of weaponry; for example, beam type could be a straight, continuous beam or a quick zap of lightning. Bullet types could be machine guns, shotguns, rail guns, etc. Even cutting types, which are basically swords, can have variations that explode and hit multiple times, along side the basic swords. The player can equip two weapons at once, one for the right and one for the left. Every class begins with some combination of these weapons; Dash starts with a burst gun and sword, Rampage starts with a burst gun and shotgun, and Fortress starts with a burst gun and rocket launcher. Guns aren't restricted to class, so anything you find you can use, given you have the EP for it.Scrap is the ingame currency. You begin with 777 scrap and obtain more by scrapping unwanted items or by taking on challenge stages. It is used to repair yourself if needed, uprade weapons, forge random items, and reroll stages (will just generate 4 more stages if you dislike the ones available). It's important to note that scrapping an upgraded weapon will give you significantly more scrap than an un-upgraded one, which is nice. Scrap can be a little hard to come by early on, but after the first boss or so you start getting a lot, so don't be afraid to upgrade equipment a little.If you've ever played Nuclear Throne, you probably have a good idea of how this game's combat works. You move the character with WASD, fire your primary with m1, secondary with m2, use your special move with space, and your active ability with alt. Q is used to bring up the map and R is used to teleport out of the stage once completed. Pretty self explanatory. Enemies have various types and difficulty ratings, indicated by the circle underneath them. Whites are basic grunts and extremely present, blues are a bit tougher, golds are elite, and red are super-elites. Typically, elites and super-elites will just be bigger, tougher versions of their blue counterparts, and they will travel in packs with their underlings as well. Upgrading, repairing, and equipping newly obtained items is handled inbetween each stage, during the intermission.What kind of weapon you choose will also determine your playstyle. If you have a shot gun or cutter weapon, you're going to be spending most of your time kiting enemies up close, while if you have a rail gun (which has infinte range), you're going to be keeping enemies at the edges of your screen.Bosses, at least the first three (I've only made it to the third boss), are pretty much the same. The main boss will be a wide entity on the top of the arena that shoots projectiles of different weapon types (to clarify, you could have one boss that focuses on shooting straight bullets while another boss shoots flame based weapons that do DOT damage). He will also have a few extra limbs on the side that keep pressure on the whole arena, which tend to be pretty big vertically. The formula for each boss is the same; do x amount of damage to a part of its body and the boss will become defenseless and stop shooting for a period of time so you can damage its actual health pool. While you are fighting the boss, white-tier mobs will spawn throughout the fightand will fire at you, but can be destroyed relatively easily for a chance to drop health. After breaking the boss's weak point, a set number of harder mobs spawn in addition to the existing mobs.The soundtrack to this game is alright, but tends to repeat itself a lot, as there are only a handful of types of stages in this game. Even though each type of stage has a unique score, they all use similar sounds, similar beats... it just starts to sound very samey."
76561198046778148,Recommended,400450,34452414,Posted: 23 August,all,Frakno,"Thank you, Microsoft, for breaking DPI handling with a simple Windows update. Kudos to the devs of Neuro Voider for figuring this out and continuing to push past and fix the issue! I am finally able to play this game, and I do agree with the positive reviews that it is very fun. There really aren't enough good couch co-op games out there, but this one is worth your time. I've also got a soft spot for rogue-likes, and this is one you can pick up and put down for those times when you want to play something, but you have work in the morning and don't want to be up all night, but could easily get stuck up all night playing ""just one more."" Seriously though, it's fun"
