user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,400580,18850861,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,♫Quilly Shiba,"One of my personal Games of the Year! Black Closet is developed by Hanako Games, which you may know from another game of theirs,Long Live the Queen.Black Closet packs intense and tactical gameplay with great storytelling, and I have yet to see a balance like this in other games. A heads up though, you may enjoy this game differently if the game play, as described below, isn't really your thing. The game also isn't easy (but there are options for that!) so there is definitely a learning curve.Thoughts, game play wise:In Black Closet, you play as the student council president of a prestigious girls' boarding school. If solving mysteries andpoweris your thing, this probably already sounds interesting. Naturally, you have a lot of obligations and work to do though. The game play aspect of the game focuses on solving mysteries - if you succeed, you maintain your position, but if you fail, there are consequences, often long lasting. The game is a lovely combination of stats raising, resource management, and you must use a good combination of your skills versus your ""enemies"".Each case is randomly generated - if you play the game long enough you can kind of figure out some approaches to solve the cases, but they will not be the exact same. I loved how this game kept me on my toes the entire time, and it was the greatest feeling whenever I was able to solve a case on my own (felt lucky, oftentimes). Like real life, sometimes you will have a large amount of work dumped on you, but often there's actual scandal or dark intrigue involved (hopefully unlike your real life job).Overall you will need to keep track of your ""minions'"", which in this game means other student council members under you, and their stats as well as their loyalty. You then send them on different missions, which often don't take just one turn to solve, as you will have to gradually unravel mysteries, and battle using stats and dice rolls. So you'll really need to think tactically as there are all sorts of constraints against you, making the game really exhilarating to play. By the way, you could die as student council prez. You could die a lot.Thoughts, story wise:Yes, there is very rich story in this game. Everything is a mystery that you have to unravel - the cases you solve are mini stories in themselves, but there is also lots of main story line, which is about the school, your minions, your past and present, and other secrets. There are character routes for each of your minions, with multiple endings for each. I've played two whole routes and some partial ones, and each one had me emotionally invested as well as hooked. Each girl has their own past, sometimes intertwined with yours/ Elsa's, and the writing is amazing. I was playing Vonne's route, and felt emotions that I rarely feel in real life... It's very rare that I see a game that has such good story but also mind blowing game play, so this combination definitely earned Black Closet a games of the year spot for me.Other things to know:The replayability is very high for this game - apart from trying to get each character route which takes many playthoughs, you can also start custom and random modes. You can amp up the difficulty, and choose to focus on just solving mysteries if you so wish. You can even upload custom character pictures! If you can think of something to do in this game, Hanako Games really got our backs for this title. The game ran flawlessly for me, and I didn't experience any performance issues at all.Ending remarks:I highly recommend this game, for the game play as well as the story. I personally found nothing bad to say about it, which is quite rare. There's very high replayability, deep, tactical gameplay, and lots of customization.~If you enjoyed this review, please check out theCompleting the Backlogcurator page, for other nice reviews by me and others!~"
76561198001530298,Recommended,400580,18153513,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,spook,"Maybe you are happy with space marines, psychotic criminals, or one-eyed cyber soldiers. For me, the only thing I've ever wanted to be was a tyrannical student president, ruling over a girl's school full of lesbians with an iron fist. Black Closet made that dream come true."
,Recommended,400580,29097517,Posted: 7 January,all,Faudraline,"""I rank myself no higher in the scheme of things than a policeman - whose utility would disappear if there were no criminals."" - Lord SalisburyWhen I chose to giveBlack Closeta go, I already had my fair share of experience with Hanako Games - more than enough to declare them to be a spectacular name in Visual Novel genre. I expected no different from this title, and as always, Hanako Games delivered. I'm happy to declare thatBlack Closetis a wonderful combination of an investigation/source management game with a truck load of stories and intrigue attached to it! If this sounds like your cup of tea, you really shouldn't even wait for the rest of the review. Go for it! For ones who'd be a bit more skeptical and wish to take note of a long list of praises, you are welcome to keep reading.It's the beginning of another school year in the highly prestigious all-girls academy of St. Claudine's. Daughters of the rich and the famous are taken in from a young age to be properly educated in all manner, to guarantee a position of power for their future here, and it is going to be your job to keep them in line for the rest of the year. We are to take the role of Elsa, a senior high-schooler and the president of the student council, with a seemingly bright future ahead of her. Sadly, that can change any minute now in St. Claudine's! It is going to be our trial to keep the girls of St. Claudine out of trouble, investigate a mystery or two, and while doing so chase some yuri romance path as flavor. Don't be deceived though; the scene of power starts early here, and any scheme could end with a ruthless execution if you are not careful!Okay, it is basicallyCSImeetsGossip Girlwith a touch ofThe Tudorsout there, so it might be useful to describe some game mechanics up front. You'll be given five minions to run through cases with different skill sets. Each week, there will be random cases, varying from a student struggling to keep her grades up to investigating a gambling ring in the school premises. The game generates cases completely randomly based on some basic templates, yet no mystery resolves the same as before. You'll be expected to investigate these cases by inspecting the area, talking to parties involved or resorting to some unsavory harassment tactics to gather information. Nothing will be beneath you, since you'll never know who'd be an innocent victim or who'd be a bored scammer. Your minions possess 4 investigative stats - social, intimidation, stealth and perception. For each action, you'll be required to make skill checks - a total of the attaining minions’ relevant skill, any item bonuses and the dice roll - opposing the required difficulty of the action, defined by all other relevant condition. Each resolved case will reward you with skill points, and each botched case will present... results. There are 2 other parameters that you should keep an eye on: school reputation and council karma. When they get low enough, you'll face real problems.Aside its investigation gameplay and various short stories revolving around the cases, the setting itself is a rich melodrama. Each of your minions do possess a distinct personality with background, traumas, aspirations and struggles. They'll respond to you based on their characters and the way you've been treating them, and others around them. It is a challenging feat to keep everyone happy, when your own friends carry majestic egos themselves. Oh, and there will be a randomly picked traitor in your group in each gameplay too. So, good luck with each story path already. You'll be given the chance to befriend one of your minions a bit more closely than others in each gameplay, choosing her route to pursue her either as a close friend or a romantic interest. Combined with random case progression, this build presents you an incredible replay value.The game comes with 2 different art styles - one sharp cornered, contrasting photo manipulation, one soft curved manga depiction - and both are simply gorgeous. As you play, you can acquire certain CGs in both art styles to complete a gallery containing depictions of possible important events. There is no voice acting, but the written narrative is so elegantly presented, you won't be actually missing any voice hanging around. Soundtrack is very simple and a bit repetitive, yet brilliantly fitting to atmosphere also. Oh, did I mention achievements yet? Yup, and some are a challenge to acquire, demanding multiple gameplays.Now my long list of praises is complete, please feel free to go ahead and purchase the game. Waiting a sale would help, yet it shouldn't be mandatory with this kind of quality in narrative, gameplay and replay value. You won't be disappointed if you've played anything from Hanako Games before hand. Enjoy!Please also check out Lady Storyteller's Curator pagehere- follow for regular updates on reviews for other games!"
,Recommended,400580,32715351,Posted: 24 June,all,darklordbambi,"Black Closet is a strategy manager/mystery game with some visual novel elements that you can skip (though I recommend not doing so as the diologue choices are well fleshed out and make you feel like what you choose to say and do actually make an impact and give you a view into the characters.Where to start with all the pros of this? Each mini mission is a little mystery of it's own, which while they each follow a set formula that you eventually get used to after seeing the scenario enough times, still is interesting to see if you can solve the mystery in time and who's behind it. Each of your 5 minions has stats that help them stalk, intimidate, interview, and persuade students as to not cause trouble and reveal important secrets that might jeapordize the reputation of the school. You'll sometimes have to expell or suspend a student (which so far I don't see much of a difference in game), though you can try and use detention or persuasion, but sometimes even then a student simply won't listen, and you'll have to discipline them.There's also a lot of mystery involving the 5 main characters, your minions, or fellow student council members under your leadership, and the school environment. The characters each have their own unique personalities, and one of them is randomly selected each game to be a traitor in your group. They each have their own motivations, and it's up to you to find out who's the one sabotaging the council's work, earn their trust, and deal with them how you see fit. But the story doesn't end there either, that's only the beginning of the rabbit hole, the plot goes far deeper, even I haven't fully unraveled the mystery yet, but I'm hoping to when I get a full playthough.The game also has a custom mode where you can design your own 5 custom minions with randomized stats, change their looks, and play the basic investigations for up to 16 weeks. While this mode has no traitor, it's fun if you like challenging yourself to solve the common issues that plague the school with your own custom designed and named students.For negatives, my only negative is that the rules aren't always 100% clear, it took me a while to realize the symbols on the left of an option were your stats, vs the one on the right which were theirs. For example, stalking isn't about having a higher stalking score, it's about having a stalking score higher than their perception, and part of questioning a student is about your perception against their stealth. This could have been made clearer with a tutorial, but after a little while you get used to it. You eventually start to get the hang of it.I'd definately recommend this game for any fans of visual novels, strategy games, or mystery games. If you're not sure, wait for it to go on steam sale, but I personally found it was high quality, full of replay value, and kept me on my toes every time I played. Worth every penny to me.Overall, I'd give it a 9/10."
,Recommended,400580,33637790,Posted: 18 July,all,Ceaseless Duality,"Another excellent game by Hanako Games. I really enjoyed it.Pros:- Addictive gameplay (solving mysteries simulation)- Encourages critical thinking- Beautiful, gorgeous CG art- Two sets of art styles (note: you don't actually have to play each path twice; you can just use the mouse scroll to go back, change the art style, and get both sets of a character's CGs in one playthrough)- Excellent writing- Great character development- Yuri romances (it takes place in an all-girls school)- People of color representation, such as the protagonist being black, Vonne being (partially Japanese?) Asian, and Rowan being partially Native American- Various difficulty settings, so those who like more of a challenge and those who like casual gaming both could enjoy the gameplayCons:- Blocky, unappealing standard character art for the first art type; the second art style's standard character art is nice though- A couple of mystery cases were really difficult to figure out, no matter how many times I had a chance to solve them (maybe I'm just too dumb though? :P )- Fighting the ""boss"" (the game's true villain) can be a bit tedious, especially in later playthroughs; I feel like her having 100 in all stats is a bit muchI definitely recommend this game for those who enjoy sim games, VNs, and yuri romances!"
,Recommended,400580,18600535,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,tenshi_a,"This game is great. I feel I am understating.This game is epic. I feel I am understating.This game is the most awesome, best, game of the year. I feel I am understating.This game is full of mystery, darkness, wonderfulness, and intrigue.It plays out as a board game. Resource management, sending out your minions to solve cases within the school. It's also got a lot of VN segments, where you get to talk to your minions, possibly date them, and also work out which of them is a traitor. Then there is some further mystery which I am not going to talk about at all because spoilers.But let me tell you;the girls are a mystery too. Over your playthroughs you will get to unravel their personailities. And more! It is delicious.Is there replayability? Yes. Every time you play, the traitor is different, and the cases within the board game are different. Plus, there are so many choices you can make in the VN side of the game, and find out more what's going on, what you can do about it, and about the girls and romancing them... and you can walk yourself into a lot of different outcomes. There are a lot of layers to work out, and it's a ton of fun to do so.I just worked out how to resolve things in a certain way last night, and I felt like ""this is epic! I am a genius!"" even though in reality all I've managed to do is take several playthroughs to put 2 + 2 together.This game is so great!Oh btw - this game works fine on desktop PC but I also found that it works magnificently if you try to play it on a tablet PC. Yes. I know what you're thinking. ""You mean, this game.... I can take it to bed?"". That is exactly what I am saying. Have fun! :D"
76561198029904609,Recommended,400580,24834727,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,bear_storm,"This is unlike anything else I've played. Ignore the setting and premise if you have to and give this a go. Mechanics-wise, it's rock solid. The balance is tight and procedurally generated; two great tastes that rarely go great together. I barely felt like I could catch my breath between cases, and every time I managed to get the upper hand on an issue, I felt like I had triumphed over something I wasn't meant to beat.But perhaps I should go back and explain.Black Closet is about running the FBI from your position as class president in a probably Cthulhu-infested girls' school. Every week new cases are assigned to you and you dispatch a team of well-dressed mooks to solve them in a way that does not look unfavorably on your alma mater.On the surface that seems pretty straightforward, but each twist in the plot is a torpedo aimed directly at your success so far and the cases range in intensity from ""two girls spent a night together and now each is convinced the other has an unwanted crush on her"" to ""actual black magic is being performed"" and ""girls are being deliberately poisoned.""There's less murder and horrible death in Black Closet than in Hanako's princesses-in-pink-dresses simulator, but the stakes feel just as high. Furthermore, the routes that this game takes are convoluted and twisty, making for a lot more replay value than I would have expected.The visual novel format isn't too intrusive in Black Closet, and I felt more like I was playing a game than reading one, so folks who would be scared away by any of the steam tags are advised to give this title a closer look.I'd impulse-buy it at $15, which is way higher than I'd usually go for something I was this on-the-fence about, and I'd say $30 would be a very reasonable price for this game.Unless your portfolio of games is pretty much just COD and things that look like COD, Black Closet is worth checking out."
,Recommended,400580,21998658,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,mastermack0,"So, solving mysteries is fun but eventually you realize it's the same 13 or so mysteries (Luckily, the solutions vary). But this game is more than just that: it's totally 100% a lesbian dating sim. Definitely, that's the main point I think. And it's a good one at that. I enjoyed it. All the characters are fun and interesting. If you like dating sims, this is a potential one, though it's hard until you learn how to play properly."
76561198027935299,Not Recommended,400580,28770394,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,FacelessPlushie,"I very much enjoyed Long Live the Queen (played it for hours on end, but over at GoG) and I thought Black Closet looked like it had its own charm. I was intrigued at the prospect of solving mysteries and finding a traitor sounded fun as well. It had promise, but I think it fell short.First and foremost, to quote a Dangerfield joke you ""don't get no respect!"" I felt more like a dungeon master with a shaky weekend group than the student council president. I understand the need to build personal relationships with these character since romance is a big thing. I also understand some characters being frivolous or self-absorbed, but due to the rather strange loyalty mechanic you spend more time appeasing your minions than getting their respect. You are a dating sim protagonist and it just so happens one of the romance options kind of, sort of, maybe wants you utterly destroyed.Second, and more importantly, your options for resolving cases can be confusing. I've googled this issue and I know I'm not alone. You can have evidence of wrongdoing or know the issue, but still fail because you have no idea which button will solve the case. For instance, I investigated a clear-cut instance of a student being envious. When persuaded she just whined (success), harassed she admitted envy (success), and the game establishes early suspects will only offer what they wish to questioning. The only option left didn't make sense: Stalking. So I failed because there's no 'send to the school's counseler' option.  It also sadly doesn't help that the tutorial doesn't explain the uses of suspension, detention, or expulsion.Third, the random elements are nice for replayability, but it makes prioritizing nearly impossible. Any given case can resolve itself or be terribly important. This suits realism to some degree, but when you're managing multiple health bars, loyalties, and skills it can be a striking detriment. Did you waste time on an open window maintenance should have noticed and now someone is down a flight of stairs? Them's the breaks. This also links to my second point. I tracked down a girl in the city to an ice cream parlor, but instead of calling the local authorities when I lost her I was given another day to try again. I failed by only a few points, which is understandable, but no other choices? Try again or fail the case. I tried again AND failed the case.Finally, all these things came together to make this more of a frustrating experience than the joy Long Live the Queen has been. It was an admirable effort and the excitement of investigation is there, but the characters and resolutions are abrasive to folks like me. If you don't have a lot of patience and time to replay the game several times I'd pass on this one."
76561198169199445,Recommended,400580,18727799,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Mireia,"Are you good enough to get into a prestigious college?Well, you better hope you are, because that's your ultimate goal as Black Closet's main character Elsa Jackson. Actually achieving that goal requires a successful term as president of your school's student council, and achieving that goal requires putting the lid on several potential scandals without damaging your own credibility too badly. Let me tell you, there are alotof potential scandals, and other forces at work may end up making your life more difficult. But first you need to identify and neutralize the traitor within your ranks...Black Closet is about solving the mysteries in your school. A few times a week, one or two new cases will be brought before you, and it's up to you to get the bottom of them before they erupt into a scandal that could damage the school's reputation (maybe). Each of your minions has their own stats (which can be raised with point from successfully solved cases), and picking the right minion for the right job is critical to your success. Your targets have their own stats, and your minion can only get the right results if their stats are higher than their target's. Complicating this is chance itself - a twenty-sided die that adds a random number of points to each participant in a confrontation. Failed encounters during harsher actions like harassment or detention will make you look bad, as will targeting an innocent person. You have two bars measuring your success - School Reputation and Council Karma (measuring the student body's opinion of the council itself). Letting either fall to zero is a game over, as the higher-ups of your school will be all too happy to sacrifice you to save their own skins.There's definitely replay value in Black Closet. The most obvious is the romance paths with each of your five minions (two of which have an a path and a b path), and it's only through these that you can completely unravel your minion's characters. Cases are randomly generated except for the big storyline ones (which can still have variations between them), and many cases start out similarly but have very different solutions. The traitor is also randomly chosen (though players who have beaten the game have the option of selecting the traitor herself), so targeting the same person in every playthrough will rarely work. And of course, if you just want to solve mysteries free of plot-involvement, there's a custom campaign mode that allows you to create your own minions and work on cases alone for a set number of weeks (though careful! That mode has its own special challenges).Music and graphics set the mood (and please don't ignore art style 1 when it comes to CGs).The writing is solid, as it needs to be for a game like this and as it typically is for a Hanako Games product. Characters may seem like simple at first, but each have their own personalities and motivations which become clear in their own routes (and makes how any of your minions could be the traitor feel natural). And of course not everything's serious - sometimes humor is found where one least expects it.Highly recommended."
,Recommended,400580,29373585,Posted: 20 January,all,Synthorange,"It's your final year at St. Claudine's and you're the president of the student council. For some reason this involves a lot of questioning, harassing students, being in charge of detaining, suspending or even as last resorts, expelling them and breaking into their rooms. Every few days you're assigned new cases which can be as simple as students losing stuff, to runaways, illegal moonshine stills, food poisoning, etc.To help you in this you have a bunch of minions. Match their strengths to what's required out of the case. Some cases are more complicated than others, like you might need to uncover two test sheets in two different students' rooms, or interrogate 5 different suspects to assemble a picture of what actually went down then mediate between the offended parties. Sometimes you dont need to do a thing, but not resolving a case doesnt give you training points, and failing a case badly can be costly. With training points you can make people multitaskable, or you can push some minions into ludicrous skill zones, both of which are useful. Raiding the supply closet can help you with skill boosting equipment. Dont mind all those sedative syringes in the closet.Also one of your minions is a dirty filthy traitor! It's up to you to examine their performance, like if they're failing simple tasks and their success rates are far below everyone else's. That's just one of the long term goals you're working towards.You also have direct character interaction with your minions, building up their loyalty with outings and meetings. You may even romance one of them! Or remain platonically friends, no judgement here! There's very little minion to minion interaction for better or worse. This part of the game is where the VN heritage show through.Also you can play with the game's original artwork but ahahahah why. The only thing that bugs me about the current artwork is Vonne's freaky side eye. Otherwise it's all pretty lovely and/or functional.Overall I really enjoyed it. I'm not entirely convinced the visual novel and the minion management parts of the game mesh together well, but it's still enjoyable mostly. It's RIDICULOUSLY HARD though even on easy, but it's probably because I chose to SMASH THE SYSTEM which is the hardest of all the routes. Once you've finished and want to see the other stuff, you can cheat yourself up, hooray!Rating: Hell yeah!"
,Recommended,400580,18403730,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,Admiral Rinj von Scoot,"This is a cool game for people who like reading and/or rolling D20s.Seriously though it's a really neat little game, part visual novel and part detective saga; unfortunately, it's hobbled by a clunky, low rent UI and a price that's probably a little too high for what it offers. The randomly-generated cases work well with a surprising amount of variety in the possible outcomes, and the resource/time management aspects of creating tension and leading to interesting dilemmas regarding who should be sent where.The story and dialogue gets a bit melodramatic at times, but it feels appropriate for a game about conflicts between high school girls at an all-female academy. I enjoyed the character development that I saw (I didn't complete everyone's story arcs), even though most of them start off as pretty standard archetypes. To me, at least, the constant stream of cases does a good job of alleviating a major issue with visual novels: every playthrough is unique! The standard ""pick these options to go down this path"" setup still exists, but the player isn't just fast-forwarding through the rest of the game during subsequent playthroughs.To be honest, Black Closet is a tough sell at full price; it's a fascinating concept that's executed reasonably well, but it doesn't feel meaty or polished enough for $20. Once it's on sale, though? If you're at all intrigued by this game, get it!"
76561198038943797,Recommended,400580,31205184,Posted: 17 April,all,aultridia,"Oh man, this game.  It seems like a kinda-normal high school novel type adventure, and then the knives come out.  You are basically responsible for running your own little branch of the CIA, and keeping things in check in an authoritarian boarding school.  You have your minions with different skills, some are good at intimidation and enforcement, others at wheedling and questioning, others at stealthily breaking into places and quielty rifling them for incriminating evidence.  And then you apply those minions to unraveling a continual stream of plots and threats.  Oh, and absolutely everyone is screwing over everyone else.  And the ones who aren't, are loveably messed up in the head in their own way. :)Two-thumbs up, would never trust anyone again."
,Recommended,400580,18089453,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,burningmime,"Enjoying this a lot more than Long Live the Queen so far. It's much less ""visual novel"" -- there's still that component to it, but the gameplay is a bit tighter. The interface is awful; it's hard to see what you have selected and awkward to navigate -it should be simple to click on 3 things but this game makes it annoying and easy to mess up. The mini-mysteries you solve are kind of repetitive -- you'll see the same ones come up multiple times though theyc an have different solutions. Still, they're fun to figure out and try to optimize.The romance aspect is interesting -- in LLTQ you barely got to know the princes you could choose to marry, but in this the romantic partners all have seperate (mostly stereotypical anime girls, but with a twist) identities and since you have a lot of chances to interact with them, you develop a strong connection.Aside from interface woes, this game is a lot of fun. It's unfortunate to see it's getting much less attention than LLTQ, because IMO it's the superior game."
76561197993781094,Recommended,400580,20162709,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Fontanbleau,"In Black Closet, you are playing as the president of an all girls school, tasked with handling the various events and controversies that may occur during the year. You are given a team of student countil members to help you maintain order and reputation at the school.The first third of the game features your interaction with your board members and your attempt to discover the traitor amongst your team. Finding the traitor isn't necessarily difficult -- the traitor will tend to perform less adequately than your other team members. Otherwise, however, you get to interact with the team, and through this interaction you learn more about who they are. The characters themselves are relatively deep and well constructed; I think the art is a bonus in this regard, as it serves as another means of discerning how they act and what their personalities are.Throughout the game, you will be attempting to solve ""cases"", which are events that occur at the school. They represent typical happenings at a boarding school: vandalism, missing persons, etc. The overall breadth of possible random events is not very big -- you will face multiple repeats of past events. Luckily, the outcomes of the events change. For example, in my playthrough, I encountered the ""cheating"" event multiple times. One of the times, it turned out to be a cheating ring led by multiple girls; however, another time, it was merely a coincidence. Thus, you cannot assume the outcome of the events, even if you have played the event before. Nonetheless, you do fall into some patterns with the events -- for example, with a certain event, it eventually becomes obvious that it is more important to search for clues at key locations rather than interrogate the suspects. Nonetheless, it manages to stay entertaining throughout the play experience.The gameplay itself is very interesting, with opprotunities to ponder statistics and strategies of handling the events. Rarely do you have only one event occuring at a time; thus, time management is a crucial aspect because each of your team members can only investigate one location or person at a time. Thus, there are some times when you may need to perform a cost benefit analysis to determine whether one event is more important to investigate than another, or if one event is a decoy that does not threaten the reputation of the school. Additionally, each of the student government councilors are better at certain actions over others, requiring specific thought as to who is best to assign for missions.There are romance subplots in the game, and they are decently well executed. One complaint about the romance sub plots is that those dialogues will completely eclipse most other interraction with your team members, meaning that you lose the opportunity to learn more about your other council members. I assume this is to add to the replayability.Speaking of replayability, I think there is significant room for replaying the game, as the events themselves are constantly changing. The traitor is also random, so you do not know who is sabotaging your investigations. Each playthrough will take a minimum of three or four hours, so it isn't a terribly long game, but the replayability is a factor working in its favor. The game itself is reasonably difficult as well, providing enough of a challenge to remain interesting.As mentioned, the artwork is certainly aesthetically pleasing, as well as the music and sound effects.The real quandary concerning this game is whether it is worth the price listed. I procured my copy for approximately $12. While that feels just a tad too high of a price for this game, I certainly do not regret the purchase, and I believe that developers who put forth the effort to create a quality product should be rewarded. If the price drops to $10 or less, this is absolutely a game I would recommend without question.In closing, I do recommend this game in most aspects. The lack of a large pool of possible events is a little unfortunate, but otherwise I find it to be an engrossing game that features unexpected needs for strategic thought and statistical inference. A good game and a great playing experience."
,Recommended,400580,23543996,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,WeatheredPeach,"I love this game to pieces. I love the setting, I love the art, I love the characters, I love the writing...This game is set in a high class boarding school for girls. The main character is the president of the student council, who delegates her council to complete covert missions to keep the students in check. The characters on the council are as trope-tastic as the setting, but the writing works really well for someone like me who loves these tropes. Here you will find the playgirl, the quiet one and the diva, amongst others. And yet I found myself interested in every single one of  these characters, even though they felt kind of familiar from the start. I think this might be because I really, really enjoy the tropes the characters have been based around, but the writing of the individual characters really is strong. I also suspect that the great visual design helped. Every last one has an interesting look that is distinguished from the rest of the cast.And the game has a few flaws. There is a bit of a draught of scenes towards the end of the game, giving a pacing that slows down towards the end of the game. (A greater build up to the climax would probably have made this game even better.) Some parts of the writing can also get a little bit awkward. Examples could be how the writing handles the main character being black, which sometimes works well and sometimes really feels strange and/or awkward.If you want a ""covert detective/extortion simulator"" game set in an all girls high school featuring a cast of interesting, albeit tropey characters, this game might be for you."
,Recommended,400580,22667345,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,heretic,"Really nice game, heard about it from RPS and added it to my wishlist - sale came by and picked it up, not disappointed!+ procedurally generated problem solving+ intriguing story+ nice art+ nice music+ multiple storyline / character paths- if your school reputation is too low it can be difficult to recover (RNG will screw you over!)Well worth the time and money!"
,Recommended,400580,22873483,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Venatius,"The PC classic government conspiracy sim ""Floor 13"" meets schoolgirl yuri anime - and the two mesh far better than one might expect! Putting you in the role of the new leader of a shadowy, excessively powerful student council in a prestigious girls' academy, Black Closet tasks you with juggling the various goings-on at St. Claudine's, as well as among your henchwomen. One great strength of the game is its use of randomization. In most games of this sort (if there were very many of this sort), you could safely bet anything that crosses your desk represents a time-bomb waiting to be defused. But that isn't necessarily the case! Some situations can be conclusively proven to have been nothing after all - and other, more ambiguous ones may leave you wondering if you need to keep digging to get to the truth, or stop picking at the ""problem"" and focus your resources elsewhere while it sorts itself out. Even of those that really do represent some kind of skullduggery that warrants your intervention, the same (apparent) situations may have wildly different causes and solutions. The characters aren't earthshattering, but they're well-written and reasonably nuanced. The replay value isn't fantastic, but some major random variables (like exactly who - if anyone? - in your organization is actually a mole) keep some curveballs coming your way. All told, if you've ever had any fondness for the archetypal ""shadowy student council"" in some school-setting anime/manga, this will probably suit you nicely."
,Recommended,400580,34471459,Posted: 24 August,all,gamergrrrl,HARD! I have to replay because I failed so bad. This game kicked my♥♥♥♥♥and I liked it.
76561197962166025,Recommended,400580,18163710,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Elliott,Note to self: there's always a traitor.
76561198023892474,Recommended,400580,18125459,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,chirulahr,"Great little game!I tried out the demo first (from the developers website)- and was hooked. Could not stop playing!I love the setting, the story (high school, investigations and a secret society- what is not to like?) and the atmosphere, and the art is great, too (but like the anime art set better than the classic one, yes, there are 2 art sets to choose from!).The game is quite challenging, even on easy, and you will have to try several times to find the right strategy on how to handle cases.Fully recommended to people who like solving mysteries!If you are not sure, try out the demo which lets you play the first part of the game where you have to hunt for the traitor- but be prepared to get hooked!"
76561197991808695,Recommended,400580,18160650,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,acesahn,"An investigation game, with romance/dating elements, where you play as a domineering S&My woman, in a all women setting.  Game of the year!But in all seriousness, this game is very well written, complex, and immersive. Ive never played a game with a romance sim undertone, where you were a dominate female. Usually in a F/F romance setting your almost always submissive and loyal, almost to a fault... not this game. It puts you in the roll strong female lead that commands respect both on the job, and with her romance choices XD. It handles the somewhat taboo themes with extrodinaire taste, that is a real joy to watch unfold. Your not so domineering that your crushing your romance options spirit or mind, your simply being the master and commander, they swoon at the knees for.Oh... and then there's the actual investigation/gameplay. Its pretty fun and engaging, it doesnt really get old like you might think it would, the random elements and the variety of options on how to solve the case, keeps it freshOne little complaint is the difficulty. It can be unforgiving at times, even if you know what your doing, which the first time you play, you wont. The random hand of fate can turn into a fist and swing the entire game into a doomed scenerio, so save often... not that you CAN. You can only save at the end of each week, which is a real pain, when you have to go through scenes and even dates over and over again if your trying to tip toe over failing a crucial investigation.Speaking of early on difficulty, there's a traitor in your team, and the way you deal with it requires you to A. Befriend them by going on outtings with them so they feel to guilty to betray the team. Or B. Figure out whose the one failing on purpose through trial and error (you'll have to do that anyways to find out who they are.) and then EXPEL them from the school, and thus expelling them from the game!  SO you'd have to finish the game with only 4 henchmen, not 5, each one bringing vital skill combinations to the table. This wouldnt be such an issue, if it wasnt for the fact you dont have enough outtings to fully befriend more then 2 people, so I recomend saving after the first week and if its impossible for you in other saves AFTER figuring out who the traitor is, going back and making sure you fully befriend them as well as your romance interest of choice. This is actually alot of work, so this game isnt just a tip toe through the toolips, it requires throught and planning.BUT those are just minor annoyances, that Im not sure if I would even want to change, but their there. This game is a unique, amazing experience, and Im very glad I bought it."
76561198052178797,Recommended,400580,30026316,Posted: 18 February,all,vimbert,"In this game, you're the head of an anime-style absurdly powerful student council out to ensure no harm comes to your boarding school's good name, whether that be girls starting the place on fire or political riots on campus. You must rely on your five underlings to carry out your orders, but one is a traitor.What follows is an engaging game where you simultaneously must manage your minions effectively while looking for clues as to who the turncoat could be. Gameplay is randomized, but in a good way- you might get the same ""case"" (i.e. ""Somebody's starting a secret society"") twice in one playthrough, but the solution might be different (stalk and intimidate members into disbanding, discover a slave trading ring on campus, find out it was all a harmless prank). The girl who's the traitor is always different, too, meaning you can't just look it up in five seconds but must suss out clues from their performance in the field. It's a bit like being a police chief, except your most powerful tool for getting rid of miscreants is expelling them, not gunning them down. It grounds the experience a little. I kept being reminded of the distraous This Is The Police, which aimed big and fell flat on its face. This one keeps the scope smaller and more contained, letting it deliver a more focused experience. Make no mistake though, it's not as short as you might think- the game initially lulls you into thinking you just need to catch the traitor in a little over an in-game month, but there's much more to do and more petty criminals to apprehend.There's a surprising amount of replayability, since the tratior can vary and every one of your loyal or disloyal minions has skeletons in her closet, and a few can be courted for some (TAME) girl-on-girl sweetness. Even beyond that, the game lets you set up custom campaigns with your own created minions after your first playthrough.In conclusion, the mini-mysteries are engaging, the visual novel style interactions with your underlings are well-written, and you can beat the game (kind of) by seducing the final boss. This is a short, neat game I'd recommend for those who like managing limited resources and solving mysteries. There's a surprisingly meaty game here. I continue to be impressed by how well Hanako Games pulls off seemingly cliched ideas into compelling, twisted packages."
,Recommended,400580,26488036,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,One Winged Thanatos,"Surprisingly entertaining, if you like the idea of being the manager of a group of detectives that solve proceduraly generated cases and dont mind it´s random nature and spreadsheet gameplay then I recommend you give this a try, maybe get it on sale."
76561198090583680,Recommended,400580,18177359,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,toughchick,"This game is extremely entertaining ,and farnkly, somewhat addictive. With a perfect balance of story ang gameplay I found myself replaying it over and over out of curiousity about the complex secrets sourrounding St. Claudine's and the complicated charcters sourounding it. While not another pervy game with anime girls in demeaning outfits it can be romantic and downright sensual to a certain degree (though never graphic it's more suggestive but still sensual and romantic as well as having some really beautiful artwork). Appealing graphics, sensual lesbian romance, intriguing mysteries, a fascinating story driven by your choices, high replayibility, and many different endings made for a game that i thouroughly enjoyed and think other will enjoy. Granted not everyone might like it (for example gamers who mainly enjoy games like COD or Donald Trump)."
,Recommended,400580,29787179,Posted: 8 February,all,Ellye,"It's a mix of Adventure/Visual Novel with a board-game style detective game. Managing your minions is fun, and your successes or failures can lead to multiple different outcomes.Would love for it to have a little bit more variety in the random cases you get, but still: pretty good and rather unique game."
76561198115869397,Recommended,400580,18071794,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,Talwolf,"Mystery filled RPG at an all girls acadamy. Difficult in it's own way at balancing your points for future cases and trying to keep the school rep and all of your ""minions"" (Don't know why they wanted to call student council officers that) to stay with you. Definetly play through the game all the way through as much as you can so you are ready to plan out and change things when going through everything again.This game has great replay value. It's hard even on easy when you don't know what to do when first playing. Definetly some good mysteries in it and gets engaging to play when you're in the mood strategizing and solving mysteries. Highly recommend it if you love your strategy games added with a bit of detective simulator type work.Also forgot to mention...you can date anyone of your student council members...and yes there is some cute/sexy art with the two together if you play them out right. So enjoy ;)*Spoiler sorta*First big mission they give you when starting the game is to find the spy in your group of ""minions"" and you can call them out on it when the time comes OR you can comfront them and try to change their ways (I didn't know this at all at first). It is extremely helpfull to have every single member of your student council with you but also not neccesary as I'm still progressing through the game."
,Recommended,400580,29889316,Posted: 12 February,all,GF Ahrun,Black Closet is what you get when you mix up Maria-Sama Ga Miteru with Floor 13. And Hanako Games did a good job on that.
76561198117493929,Recommended,400580,31266555,Posted: 20 April,all,Mayumi Sato,"This game is pretty freaking cool It has some of the best female characters I've seen, a pretty awesome protagonist, diversity and the gameplay is simple but challeging and demands order and strategy. The routes of different characters are so cool and dialogue is always a pleasure to read. Also, the art is BEAUTIFUL. BEAUTIFUL.However, fair warning, you can't have a romantic involvement with all the female characters in this game. I think that's fair to say, since it's the kind of game in which you would expect romance in all its routes but nah. It's impossible to get a romantic ending with many characters. Some might be straight, some might be too young for you. The point is that a good ending with one of the characters isn't necessarily a romantic ending. This is a game more focused in each character personal dramas - usually conected to their careers - than anything.Anyway, it is a fairly challenging game with pretty good story elements and I recommend it for sure."
,Recommended,400580,29798857,Posted: 9 February,all,Sir Onyx,"Most people's first impression is that this game is a visual novel with an investigation mechanic hammered in, it was definitely my first impression. Then I noticed the developer, Hanako Games, also made Long Live the Queen (another excellent game that fuses strange mechanics with dating sims) this alone was enough to make me buy it on impulse.On startup, I was immediately impressed with the game. You run the student council at a prestigious all girls school. The store page labels it as a yuri dating sim, but so far I haven't seen much of that. What you should be paying attention to is the brilliant investigation mechanics. Each day of the week you assign each of your ""minions"" to do something, be it interrogate another student, investigate a location, search for an item, etc etc. These encounters play through much like a tabletop RPG or board game since they are all decided with a die roll and stat bonuses.All of the cases are randomly generated. This includes the perpetrator and even the people in cases, meaning you'll never have the same case twice. On rare occasions, cases will even solve themselves, some might think this is kind of a dumb thing to have, but I like it. logically, a school can't have that many mysteries without some of them just being coincidences, and the game can get very tight with time even with these self solving casesThe plot was interesting with many paths to follow, but my favorite part so far has been the introduction of a traitor. One of your minions will occasionally fail on purpose and in general try to stop you, but you have no idea which minion this is and you are put on a clock to find them or risk losing the game entirely.All in all, I found the game to be very well done, I'd highly recommend it."
76561197969067861,Recommended,400580,24083969,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,T.A.,"Overall: 3/5- Decent combination of mystery adventure, lesbian dating sim and card duel.Pros:- Requires strategical thinking to achieve good results for each investigation.- Sort of rogue-like in that each case is randomly generated.Cons:- The variety of cases is limied. It starts to feel repetitive after 2-3 hours."
76561198001656726,Not Recommended,400580,32007506,Posted: 27 May,all,Taznak,"I don't think Black Closet is a bad game. I mostly enjoyed my time with it. That said, I do find it has some pretty severe issues. It's similar to a a graphic novel in terms of length and writing quality, yet it's painfully short of good artwork. It's very short- which is good in that it doesn't overstay its welcome, bad in that I feel it doesn't quite justify its list price. It has a promise of replayability in its randomly-generated gameplay elements and different paths, but the game's core gameplay of handling cases becomes repetitive well before you even finish your first playthrough, killing all my interest in giving this a second playthrough- which begs the question of why even make randomly-generated cases in the first place.I don't regret playing this game; I think its positives outweight its negatives, and I had a good time overall. Its writing is pretty good. I just don't think it's worth the asking price; I'd be happier if I'd picked this up at 50% off.Oh, and if you want to buy it for the Yuri elements? Don't. It has a few suggestive pieces of dialogue... and that's it. And by few, I do mean like 4 or 5 suggestive lines of text throughout the entire playthrough."
76561198152727086,Recommended,400580,18199184,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,moonstne,"Overall a very fun game and kept me hooked all on one play though. A great atmosphere and intriguing cases to solve, while making sure to keep your balance between karma and reputation, was quite engaging.The characters you interact with, were quite good and were interesting, but nothing groundbreaking. Never the less, they helped move everything along and were hardly 1-dimensional. My one complaint about setting was the whole “ruthless leader” image they try to force. (why do I consider the counsel members “minions” again?). It's a bit eye-rolling, especially when you can be quite nice at times, and you are just trying to keep these dang students from burning the school down (quite literally at times).The only real flaw is that the game could really use some sort of tutorial or guide for the more confusing parts of the game. It took me almost half the game to figure out how to properly detain a lot of troublemakers, and i lost a lot of reputation just because I knew who the troublemaker(s) were but had no idea on how to get them to stop. Another example was the boss of the game, the “fight” was just given to me, and having not EVER to deal with the new game mechanic, I had to intentionally lose, just to find out what everything did.In the end tho, the game was a unique experience that I had fun playing, and ignoring a few bumps, always kept me on the edge of my seat."
,Recommended,400580,25234706,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Sisu Aika,Really original game with a great cast. Highly recommended if you like difficult stat management games.
,Recommended,400580,22609557,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Gnorung,"One of the best indie games I've ever played. Gameplay is quite unique, though there isn't much to say about it to be honest. Characters and story are where this game shines in my opinion, I haven't finished the main story yet, but it's not exceptionally great, but the characters are simply amazing, they're extremely appealing and all have a really nice story. One of the other great aspects of the game is the fact that the story changes a lot every time you play. If you like generated stuff and choices-matter kind of games like me, it's also a nice feature.I'm actually a filthy ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ who hunts for lesbian stuff in games but damn the characters were really nice"
76561198182521258,Recommended,400580,18463815,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,Cee,"This game is toothsome. The characters are surprisingly nuanced and the branching of potential plots is gigantic -- I've played a few times through on easy mode and a time or two on normal. The game's frequent save points gives you an out to take risks and backtrack easily. (I am lousy at games and appreciate this feature.)There are multitudes of tiny details that go differently even in playthroughs that seem similar. My most recent playthrough included something new to me,winning back the traitorous minion, which I only knew to try because of the Accomplishments for the game -- and which was only possible because of the ""fixed traitor"" replay option.Black Closet is thoughtful, expansive, dramatic, and very funny at times."
,Recommended,400580,30046839,Posted: 19 February,all,diazflac,"This is a surprisingly challenging game. Part visual novel, part strategy/management/detective game. It's that team management element that really helps Black Closet stand apart from the crowd, and it's quite enjoyable.It is rather unforgiving though. I've played through it twice now, the first time I got a game over by having too low of a reputation after failing multiple events. The second time I found the option in the menu to change the difficulty down to ""Easy"", which helped immensely in my ability to actually progress through the full game. At the end however, I still ended up failing as I did not manage to complete a particularly difficult and crucial mission within the game's alloted timeframe.However I enjoyed the time playing and intend to go back and try again now that I have a better idea of the kinds of skills I will need to focus on for my ""minions"" aka student council members. That's arguably one of the strong and weak points of the game: lots of trial and error, and sometimes there are head-scratcher moments where things just work out differently than you had expected them to.There is somewhat of a random element to the experience as well, ensuring that each playthrough is never quite the same as the others, though the randomness is only to a point because you will start to pick up repeating patterns after awhile in some cases.The visuals and music are both well done, and like most of Hanako Games' releases, the presentation is top notch for this genre.If you're looking for a VN with a bit of bite to it in the difficulty levels, or just one that has some unique gameplay elements to it, definitely give Black Closet a try."
76561198119342164,Recommended,400580,21272708,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,lindley.waltersmith,"Spreadsheet sim/VN/card game/rpg. Play a lesbian School Captain in an elite boarding school, and use your minions to pry into your fellow students' secrets and bend them to your will.A+"
76561197995051730,Recommended,400580,29046485,Posted: 5 January,all,Sodar,"Game Highlights:-	Having one of theleastobnoxious tsundere’s I ever saw.-	Making me feel like I need to take a shower after going the evil route.-	Making me despise a character, and then actually warm up to it via her sheer charm alone.And now for the boring review:Black Closet is…. Really god damn good actually.The best part of the game, in my opinion, are the characters (duh). They seem lifelike, have complex motivations, and their character develops in interesting ways. I really enjoyed learning about what makes them tick, and felt tempted to do their routes more than once.The actual game-game, the cases mechanism, is… Good. I had a great time with it over the first 20 hours of playing, and only now it’s slowly getting a bit repetitive. The system itself might seem challenging, but once you get the hang of it it’s hilariously forgiving on normal difficulty. As long as you show restraint and send the right people, you should have no trouble solving most of the cases. It’s just a shame the game shows everything it has to offer (game-wise) way before you do all the character routes.So definitely a recommendation from me. Don’t be discouraged by early failures, and check the Case log if you ever feel stuck."
76561198160771498,Recommended,400580,21348743,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Regnslöja,"A really nice game if you like resource/time management life simulators. And the setting is right up my alley too. I replayed it right away after my first run, that's the kind of game it is."
76561198115120642,Recommended,400580,33898180,Posted: 29 July,all,CrackerjackTiming,"Black Closethas a compelling story and fun, though sometimes frustrating, gameplay. Its only real weakness is the element of random chance in its design; every so often there will come a playthrough that just blitzes you with cases too hard for you to survive, and there's nothing you can do about it. It's not that big a deal, but it can be frustrating. Both sets of art are okay, with the best images being reserved forVonne losing her god-damned mind,which never fail to crack me up. If you like the idea of managing shenanigans at a school for crazy rich kids, having minions to harass and inconvenience people, and optionally young women kissing other young women on the lips and stuff, you will enjoy this game."
76561198052709775,Recommended,400580,19560611,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,dreamerInSilico,"Nutshell: Challenging gameplay, lovely art, interesting ""minion"" characters and romances available; suffers a bit from repetitiveness of cases and difficulty/non-intuitiveness of endgame.I bought Black Closet because I played and adored Long Live the Queen.  I really enjoyed most aspects of the game, with the fact that it's all F/F romance and a Black protagonist being the icing on the cake.  The one major negative for me was the fact that the gameplay doesn't at all build on itself/prepare you for the endgame challenges.  You get a tutorial on solving cases, and just as you're starting to feel like you've gotten the knack for those in your first playthrough, you're getting near the end of the game and finding that you lack the appropriate stats to handle the plot-advancing cases.  If you scrape through those, the final boss encounter will still wipe the floor with you.  It's very much a game to play once expecting to lose and then look up a guide for, because there is no natural progression that leads you to expect what you will have to do at the end (or otherwise forces you to build your team to a degree that will let you handle it)."
76561198068589368,Recommended,400580,19556810,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Rational Thinker,"Have you ever wanted to be a clandestine spymaster? Or run your very own secret police?Have you ever wanted to root out everyone's dirty little secrets and turn them against your enemies?Have you ever had dreams of stamping freedom and individuality beneath your heel? Creating a world where the unique are expelled and all conform to your regime? Where all opposition is crushed between your cold, ruthless palms? Where you are the cruel, undisputed ruler of all?Well now you can!"
,Recommended,400580,20387108,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,PervertedPirate,"This game is my aesthetic through and throughI can be a diabolical evil leader, confuse straight girls, make minions kiss my boots, tie up a yandere and have sex in the woodsI love this game"
,Recommended,400580,21840282,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,A Special Place In Hell,"The most Japanese thing I'm willing to buy... Because it's set in England.Black Closet is a game where you order your minions to stalk and harass schoolgirls, join cults and manipulate everyone around you. Think I'm exaggerating? I'm not.Conduct investigations into various cases around an all-girls boarding school. Forged test results, secret societies and lesbian love affairs are just some of the cases that you may be assigned. Each case is randomly generated and can have a different outcome, making each playthrough a unique experience. There are aslo special cases that can result in a game over if you fail, so make sure your minions are properly trained.The other side of this game is a basic dating sim. It doesn't have to be a romantic relationship, but you will get a choice of following one of your five minion's storylines early in the game. This part of the game remains the same, but characters will have different responses to your different dialog options. The only major things that these affect are mostly whether you end up in relationship with your chosen character. Otherwise, this whole segment doesn't have a huge impact on the game other than sometimes affecting the loyalty of your minions, which really only comes into play at the final part of the game.You have the choice of five lovely ladies as your love interest.Althea - The school floozy.Thais - The prissy posh one. Well, posh-er. It's a private school, so you know.Vonne - The token childhood friend character that is so devoted to you that it borders on creepy.Mallory - The cute, bubbly one. I think she's American or something.Rowan - The shut-in. You know, like the one that's in every anime ever?Their stories develop the more intimate you get with them. Typically, the story arc wraps up when you acheive maximum romance. Your reward for this is a single picture of your own character and chosen love interest giving eachother a big ol' smooch. So, those of you who want to buy this game purely for that (and we all know that some people do) you have your work cut out for you.At the end of the day, I reccomend this game. A nice blend of strategy and mystery, easy to get in to and a decent story. Plenty of replayability so you'll definitely get your money's worth, especially if you grab it in a sale.If you want to learn more about the game, read a real review. I'm mostly doing this for the achievement for my profile."
,Not Recommended,400580,20316023,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Oreolek,"It's a good game you can play for 30, 40 hours.But I wouldn't recommend it.First, the art is weird. Both packs are hideous.Second, it's not a roguelike where you take a lot of notes and eventually win. It's a gambling game where you take a lot of notes and eventually win - maybe, if you're lucky. You *can* influence every roll outcome but unless you already know every bit of gameplay, the d20 die will decide your fate.There are about 30 rolls or so between every save point. Losing a roll means paying with your karma, school reputation or time. When you're out of time you lose karma and school reputation.The visual novel bit doesn't make the game easier, it makes it more difficult (except for the Red Mask who can make your life much better in return for some nasty favors). More girls you have, the less you need to take notes and memorize every possible case. You can also completely screw up the story and find yourself in a personal hell. Oh, did you put all the training points in Intimidation for this girl? Well she's furious now for her own story reasons, so say goodbye and enjoy it.This game is not fair, it's presented as a strategy but in reality it's just a gambling game."
,Recommended,400580,20273053,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,my child dad,only game where you can give your waifu a baseball bat and have her go bust some kneecaps so you can get into a good college. 10/10
76561198003381569,Recommended,400580,24141593,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,valefor_sdad,"Extremely addictiing gameplay, with tactical portions (assigning skill heavy girls to specific tasks to not fail).Yuri love (tasteful).High quality art and very nice sound.From the Devs who did ""A Lily Princess"" (which I also have).Clever dialog not the usual tropes for a VN esq game.You solve problems like (and I don't personally see this as  a problem) one of the girls is posing nude and sending out her pic. (how do you stop the scandal?).No hentai but I still played it 3 hours straight the other day.Would Pay for Hentail (DLC).Get it, and support the talent and the arts."
76561197971099303,Recommended,400580,25313719,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Andy P,"A superb game of politics and intrigue. It's challenging, it's fun, and it's actually kinda sexy. But don't go thinking it's smut. There's a really interesting game here, with really interesting choices to make. The difficulty fades once you figure out the mechanics, but that takes long enough for you to be really entertained.Not the kind of game I'd usually play, but having played it, I love it."
,Recommended,400580,23566089,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,fri_freeman,"I always want to be the leader of an absurdly powerful student council and doing tent-hand in front of my secret elite cabal of minions for the supposedly greater good of society. It's everything I've ever imagined and more. Chance to romancing my minion is a bonus as welll. Thanks for making that dream comes true, Hanako Games."
,Recommended,400580,21584336,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,White Badger Devil,"I've always wanted to be an inspector and take charge of an investigation.My favourite minion, the stalker, just max those stalking skills, it pays off.The art-style is also interesting, and it pulls you in."
,Recommended,400580,18080133,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,ringhloth,"Very excellent game. Essentially, a VN with gameplay, in the same vein of LLTQ, and if you like LLTQ, you'll almost certainly like this."
76561198049949381,Recommended,400580,23608882,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,lancelot2001ca,"Original game that puts you into the shoes of a student president and you need to find out who is the traitor in your group at the same time as solving problems and keeping your group's karma and the school's reputation high... not an easy task.If you like investigation games, this might be your game.If you like unique and original game, this might be your game.I strongly recommend this game for anyone like both."
76561198310280753,Recommended,400580,23880316,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Fine As Diamonds,"100% recommend9/10I became obsessed with this game the moment I started playing. I have unlocked all achievements with the exception of unlocking all of both art styles. It's really fun, but as you play, you do start to learn patterns that ultimately make the game more of a habit and less of a mystery. But in the process, you still have to unlock all of the girl's stories, and you get to choose your response rather than just reading paragraphs about what your character is saying, so it does make it a lot more interesting and fun. If you can't tell by my logged hours, I really really really love this game. I recommend it 100% to those who like RPG games with more options and complexity, as well as mystery and decision making. There are SO many storylines. Plus, GIRL LOVE!"
,Recommended,400580,24413729,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,GNinja490,"This game is so much fun! It's a very strategic game, and I've really found that there's no 'best' way to playing it. The game puts you in the driver's seat; you're the one commanding your minions and telling them what to do, and the results of their investigations are always so suspenseful! At the same time that you're solving all these minor mysteries, there's a larger mystery overshadowing you; there's a traitor in your ranks, and you need to come up with a way to weed her out. While this game doesn't contain fast-paced action, anyone who enjoys strategies, mysteries, and suspense will find this game to be very enjoyable. In addition, the game is randomized every time you play through it, and it's also very customizable, so it's hard to run out of things to enjoy about it! I was really glad that I found this game and purchased it without having to hear about it elsewhere."
76561198067725186,Recommended,400580,24068350,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,hexagon,"If I were a teenage girl, this would be my kind of school. There is more that enough trouble to get into, and there are plenty of ladies to ""explore"" with. Even the straight girls want to be cuddle buddies for the free hugs.I'm making a t-shirt that says ""Now accepting applications for cuddle budies"".It took me three failed games to figure out the strategy, even knowing the basics, the game is a challenge as you balance your investigator's resources against the large number of cases that arrive on your desk. If you fail, don't give up.I had hoped for more of an investigation heavy game where clues were searched for, witnesses were interviewed, and notes were discussed to arrive at a conclusion. You do these things in the game, but not in great depth.I have no regrets. I'd invite Mallory to a secluded picnic again."
,Recommended,400580,27549691,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Jambatti,"Well this game is pretty interesting for its price, and the story is really intresting.But but gameplay-wise, it really annoys me - because of its trend of snowballing. Let me explain:You gain ability points for solving cases.If you always succeed, you will be fine. But if you fail at least once, or get low rank (1xp points instead of 5), this means that your odds at the next case will be significantly lower. And if you fail the next case, all the future cases will be almost impossible due to insufficent stats of your characters.Or maybe just my luck, im not good at ""full random""-dependent games. But you might be more lucky."
76561198289300711,Not Recommended,400580,24200343,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Princess Zelda,"Short version: THIS GAME IS TOTAL GARBAGEThe idea of the game I admit was pretty cool. I just constantly had issues with the logic, the general gameplay, and even the story fell flat. The first of many problems is that for the first part of the game when you need to spend time with your council members, all the cutscenes mean NOTHING. They will be the same cutscenes no matter who the traitor is so that bit of ""finding out who the traitor is"" is just lies. On top of that I actually thought the in-between cutscenes where you spoke to the teacher and other people was important....nope. No matter what choices you make, how you make them, and for what reason you make them, is completely irrelevant to the game. Also this whole ""finding out the traitor"" business is somewhat lied about too. They tell you in the beginning the EXACT way to find out who the traitor is. That is all good but when the 'middle' of that section of the game happens and you get the cutscene with the teacher asking you who you suspect at this point is very misleading(in my opinion). I knew for a fact based off the evidence I had seen who the traitor was but when I told the teacher she said I had ZERO EVIDENCE. Sadly this is only the first part of the game and for me it was extremely frustrating trying to cope with the crappy ""cases"" and trying to figure out what the purpose of the cutscenes were. The rest of the game afterward is 100% trial and error. You will NEVER be lucky enough to get through the entire game first time without some form of guide giving you tips or just flat out telling you what to do. Even when cases recycle(as they will because the students in this school are absolute devil children) they can't be solved with the same steps every time and there were MANY times where a case went cold, ended, and it turned out to be a scandal and I lost reputation and karma for it.....thanks game. Don't get me wrong either, I tried EVERYTHING the game gives you for options but it still doesn't progress at all leaving you with just a middle finger in your face. As mentioned previously: the game's story falls flat too. They seemed to try and make it edgey or something but it just comes off as...sorta desperate. It seemed like after the traitor incident they just kinda struggled to keep up good writing(what little there was). It just saddens me cause I felt like the idea had potential. Regardless of the artwork I still kinda pictured it in my head as you're the student council president at an anime school and you gotta solve the problems that come up....with ACTUAL problem solving...which was of course shattered the instant the game began :'cOverall my experience with this game was very frustrating just like it was with Long Live the Queen...and how fitting that it be people who took part in the making of that ""Little Girl Death Simulator""    2/10"
76561198069685070,Recommended,400580,18094915,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,impietyisthelastmistake,"Good, but short (approx. 5-6 hours.)  It has some decent replayability; however, that doesn't quite excuse its lack of depth with regards to the main story line.  I wouldn't want to pay full price, but if you can get it at a steep enough discount, I'd say it's a good way to kill a few hours."
76561198256913998,Recommended,400580,31334342,Posted: 23 April,all,lightward42,Great lesbian dating sim with detective elements :)
,Recommended,400580,33548193,Posted: 14 July,all,Fuhrer Hyke,Entertaining yet relaxing. I really love Hanako Games.
,Recommended,400580,18547581,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,bladechild,"Possesses all the relevant charm from a visual novel / choose your own adventure game and combines it with minor board game-esque mechanics.The individual ingredients are perhaps not all that original. Having to make your way through a school year and make defining choices each day is hardly a new concept, especially after playing Persona 4. Leveling up character stats to pass random RNG skill checks is a pretty staple mechanic. Having multiple story paths dependant on choices, and throwing in a random mystery traitor into the mix... a lot of VNs do the same thing.Yet it all molds together to make a pretty original and exciting premise. And the replay value exists because of how well the random aspect of the game is handled. You solve cases by uysing your characters to question/ investigate/ harrass/ stalk and persuade the matter to a conclusion, which in turn saves your school and council reputation. As the game progresses you encounter situations requiring more out of your characters 4 skills, and that is where you must plan ahead so as to not lose the game by crashing on the caseload you receive.It is true that there probably needed to be a lot more variety to cases. Meta knowledge of the game could probably make it a bit trivial toward the end. And the random traitor aspect needed to have more variables to make it more tricky and defining.Otherwise, this is a solid niche experience, that really should be as popular as LLtQ."
76561198007807564,Recommended,400580,20603807,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Drunetovich,"Like all the other games from this Developer this one glued me to the screen for a good few days. Every time i wonder how they do this. I recomend this game to everyone, especially for the strategy component."
,Recommended,400580,20009250,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,BabyRabbi,Black Closet is a great game.I'd say more but I'm trying to figure out how to win this case.
,Not Recommended,400580,33303878,Posted: 6 July,all,Papa Bear,"This game isn't really a detective game, even though it's about detectives. It was pretty interesting at first, but I was never interested to play it again after the first time."
,Recommended,400580,18178090,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,kevthemagnificent,This is a beautiful game.
76561198213359933,Recommended,400580,30537713,Posted: 16 March,all,Anoldanimefan,"At first, the looks of this game put me off (it looked more like solitare than a vn-based game) but this game has a lot of depth! Very detailed and clever storylines, well written-characters and the randomnisation elements for each game makes it challenging to complete the game. A very entertaining game - if you want to buy it, it would suggest wait for a sale at the price tag is a bit high but its def worth checking out!"
76561198007251402,Recommended,400580,18174872,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,cjuliavaughan,Fun and satisfyingly challenging.
,Recommended,400580,18407155,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Abyssionknight,"If you enjoyed Long Live The Queen, you'll enjoy this game.I haven't even come close to beating a run in it yet (Assuming a game lasts one school year I got about half way), but from what I've seen this is a solid game. While your investigation checks do use rng, It's mainly based on your stats. Those can only be raised by completing missions, and the amount of stat points you get are based on how effectively, and quickly, you complete a case. This, combined with multiple cases, and your 4 minions having a fatigue bar to manage, and the game is quite challenging, at least so far.Like Long Live the Queen you can fail a skill check (and in this game cases) without getting a game over, though you have to maintain your school reputation, as well as that of the student council, so the more quests you fail, or the more inappropriate actions you take, the sooner you're going to fail the game.I haven't fully figured out the optimal strategy yet, but the game is a lot of fun. The RNG element is also great, since it prevents this game from becoming the mindless walkthrough game some people thought Long Live The Queen was.As far as cons for the game go, I don't have many. I think one of the cons I have is sometimes the RNG is brutal. To give an example, I got a case that should have been open and shut. A girl stole another girls watch, after saying she was interested in it. I searched her room and found evidence the girl had the watch, and she acted suspicious when questionsed about it. However I failed to get a skill check that passed by enough to actually pin the blame on her. This escalated to the point where she stole from 5 more girls, and tanked the school reputation so hard, that about a month later my game came to an end.At the time of writing this I've only played about 3.5 hours, so I haven't seen if that type of quest difficulty is common, though the fact that level of rng can exist is a little annoying.Besides that unlucky rng though I have no real complaints about this game.With multiple character routes, I believe you can get at least 20-30 hours of content from this game, possibly more if you fail a lot while learning the mechanics. With that being the case I strongly recommend this game, especially if you can get it on sale."
76561198006795437,Recommended,400580,18423523,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,snvhill,"Definately not for everyone, but excellent at what it does.  I'm still a little leary about recommending it at it's regular price point but it's not a rip-off or totally unwarrented either.There's a lot more reviews doing a lot better at the overall picture so I'll emphasize the main thrust of the game: time management and mystery solving.  The nice thing about the game is that they're actual mysteries, it's not always suspect X or the same solution every time.  You have to use logical deduction and the skills of your minions to solve the cases. This can be a challenge when you include the possibility of a traitor, cases that literally aren't worth your effort, and a real crunch in the time available to you.  Solve a case quickly and well and you'll get some precious skill points to improve your minions skills.  Fail and you can face a nasty hit to your 'life points' (school reputation and council karma in this game) loss of minions... or nothing at all since some cases are essentially red herrings.The story is... better then average but that's not saying much.  It kept me interested in various characters and mildly intrigued but it's not worth getting the game for.  Still, I'm impressed by this relatively rare game focus and recommend fans of mysteries and logical deduction put it on their watch lists."
,Recommended,400580,21320930,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,PopArtSuicides,"A procedural detective game set in a prestigious all-girl's high school. Puzzle solving, conspiracy, romance, and one of your minions is a traitor. Conceptually one of my favourite games, and the implementation feels like a board-game (which, in my books, is a good thing)."
,Recommended,400580,21412549,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,アレクサンダー,"Very nice detective VN with bunch of lesbianism - basically perfect combination :D What you're going to do in here:- Find who is traitor- Keep faithful watch over school as a school council president!- Question, haras, expel, stalk search and so on other people and their rooms or other places.Basically each week you'll be getting 1 or more cases which you have to crack. You can quesrion suspects, haras them, stalk them to see what are they doing. There are bunch of tools for you to use. Plus cases and traitor randomize.And while doing all the detective work you're gonna dive into some hot pink romance with different girls who work under your command. Nice visual novel + detective game. If there will be sequel I hope they will add more types of cases and more twists in cases."
76561198009202030,Recommended,400580,21013154,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,steelpanther24,"BLUF: Another well done game that offers a twist on the survival/manager games.  If you like the setting of Rockstar's ""Bully"", liked the movie ""Mean Girls"", like solving small mysteries or if you like a twist on the managment genre then you should consider buying this game.Pros:Well written story that will have you guessing as to who is your friend and whose notFor those fans of romance, there are those elementsVery nice artworkRandomization of the cases offers some challenge on successive playthroughsGREAT AD+D social reference!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!   Your character and her second discuss a real world story that all of us who played AD+D back in the early 80s will recognize.  Excedllent touch!Cons:Once you know how to approach the cases, there is little change to the process. This may lead some to be bored after seeing the same case, though with different actors, over and over.Linear story so once you have seen it/solved it, the replay value is mostly in seeing how the story evolves when choosing different allies and enemiesLittle customization of your character, so Else Jackson (your character) is mostly set with a few choices about what makes her her"
76561198043763241,Recommended,400580,20970208,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Rhedd,"The game is a lot of fun! Pretty art, and a fun premise overal."
76561198056805938,Recommended,400580,25229919,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Perles75,"Not the most exciting Anime Game ever (Hanako Games itself has done better) but still interesting enough to deserve attention. The mechanics are quite original (if repetitive at times) and the story intriguing; there is also enough incentive to replay it in order to explore the different paths. Graphics is Manga-style at the point of self-parody sometimes, but really beautiful. The writing is good and the characters pretty interesting.My main disappointment, the very encased structure so that you have your week of work and investigation, then in the weekend you meet one of the girls (with not many dialogue choices), then rinse and repeat, which feels quite artificial."
76561198026896352,Recommended,400580,20376792,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,BerryBomb,"I'm not even halfway through the game, and I love it. It's not a game I think EVERYONE will love, but if you're a fan of detective games with good plotlines, you will definitely be happy with it. It seems simple at first, but you'll quickly realize how difficult it is to keep all of your karma and reputation intact. The dating portion is pretty solid, taking on the feeling of a good visual novel style of game.The case aspect, for me, is a bit difficult - not only realizing what needs to be done in some cases, but I also don't understand the case rating system. I've failed some and gotten a C, and solved one in two days (that could have ONLY been solved on day 1 by gambling that I'd interrogate 3 characters successfully) and gotten a D. I think that would be my biggest concern in gameplay, because otherwise, I'm digging the stats and D-20 system.They've added tons of replayability, with different story paths for different choices, 5 romance options, case endings differentiating, and randomizing the traitor. I'm absolutely going to continue playing, and will likely play it again!"
76561197992375595,Recommended,400580,25718018,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,Valikdu,"This game lets you assume the Gendo Pose, and there are pretty girls in frilly outfits. What else do you need?"
,Recommended,400580,26707496,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Areus,"I don't know if this is what school is like in Japan, but if it is I'm really disappointed in my birthplace for not getting on that bandwagon.One of the best of its kind, whatever its kind actually is, interesting game mechanics overlaid on a branching and moving storyline, a game about which any complaint I could make would be forced and insincere."
76561197975493492,Recommended,400580,26212757,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,karl,"Play the free demo first and understand that you've seen 95% of the game mechanics.Nothing else really changes, and the story (lol) is not... that... great; an average story with your standard tropes.If you like it, then definitely buy it when it's on sale :) -- decent replayability for a few runs."
76561198027068115,Recommended,400580,26723245,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,m3brooklyn,"Another wonderful, weird game from Hanako. It is *hard* to write a decent procedural detective system, and they've pulled it off pretty well. The characters are well drawn – picking a lieutenant felt like a meaningful choice – and the dialog is consistently well written.My all-girl (non-boarding) high school didn't have actual eldritch cults or poisoning sprees, but a lot of the more mundane storylines rang true for me: overbearing parents, BFFs turned mortal enemies, practical jokes, bullying, etc. So, A for authenticity.Pretty good replayability, with all the customization options. I paid $20 and felt very happy with what I got. Can't wait for more from Hanako."
76561198025563408,Recommended,400580,22491141,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,ChairmanK,"Tentative review:A tense resource-management game attached to interesting mystery stories.The gameplay is good enough to stand alone, and the story routes are also quite nice."
,Recommended,400580,22563315,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,ComboChrist,This game is addicting and fairly simple to get into once you understand the mechanics. Love the RNG aspect.
,Recommended,400580,22488641,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Awp N Nova Style,very good gameplay and fun. Lesbian romance scenes were a distraction from the gameplay however. I still recc it on gameplay alone.
76561198062979985,Recommended,400580,27570726,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Strategos,"Solve mysteries. Find the traitor in your ranks. Seduce your underlings. Reign over highschool with an iron fist. What's not to love, really?Black closet is a turn-based game, some king of strategy-visual novel hybrid that has you impersonating the president of the student council of a prestigious girl's bording school. You are in command of a team of underlings, and must tackle a number of randomly generated cases quickly enough to safeguard the school's reputation, but subtly enough not to turn the students against you. The mechanics are easy to take a hold off, but the gameplay is very well balanced, meaning you'll constantly be weighting your decisions and the way you allocate your limited manpower.And that's only the day to day affairs. The procedurally generated cases rhythm a much bigger intrigue, as your character must prepare for her life after school, attend a variety of event, bond with her underlings, find the traitor in the council (who changes every game and can be detected by carefully observing your underlings' success rate), and maybe uncover a conspiracy or three, all the while maintaining her position as the student council president."
76561198219306591,Recommended,400580,29146221,Posted: 9 January,all,vesuvanprincess,"This game was a great deal of fun.  I found it had far, far more depth than I at first supposed.  The story branched nicely and the elements which are expertly randomized make for a surprising degree of replayability- I will definitely be playing this again soon.  The romantic aspects of the story were also greatly appreciated. The game was more challenging than I expected too with an interesting end boss scenario. Taken all together, I can recomend this game whole heartedly."
