user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,400910,32509289,Posted: 17 June,all,Towa,"This game, man. This game is just absolutely fantastic. If you like metroidvania-type games and bullet hells, you will most likely love this game. It's by farthe best action-platformer that I've ever played, and that's not just in gameplay. Ignoring the story itself (which is probably mediocre at best, but charming nonetheless), there are so many ways that you can play and explore this colorful world. Want to complete the entire game without collecting any item whatsoever? You can do that. Want to break the order of which the story progresses? Well, you can do that too.Rabi-Ribi is the very definition of non-linear. You can do what you want, when you want, and in any order that you want. There's a plethora of hidden passageways and secrets. Some of these things also only appear depending on how you're currently playing. For example: if you are going through the game without collecting items, there is a part where you normally would not be able to progress without some specific items (e.g. double jump), but upon reaching this area on a 0% item run, a spring will appear and you'll be able to move forward. And to be crystal clear, this spring will not appear if you have collected any item at all (except rainbow eggs and three other things that are forced onto you), so you wouldn't be able to abuse this. In that aspect, it's appearent that the developers really put a lot of thought into the game's structure, and I think that that should be respected because, nowadays, you just don't see things like this in games.The game has eight (six + two DLC) different difficulty levels. Hard and above are there to provide a challenge to those that want it, but those that don't can opt to play on an easier difficulty that is closer to their own skill level.CasualNoviceNormalHardHell (Unlocked after clearing Hard)Bunny Extinction (Unlocked after clearing Hell)Unknown (DLC)Impossible (DLC)Now, going back to the word 'colorful': Rabi-Ribi is beautiful for a pixelated world. It's very eye-catching and relaxing to look at. Not to mention that the soundtrack is quite fitting for the overall atmosphere of the game. But although the soundtrack is nice, I don't think that it's anything mindblowing and I can see it being repetitive for some people after a while. There could stand to be more tracks for boss fights, as well, because as of right now it's very limited. But that's just a minor complaint for me, as after the 80 hours that I've played so far, I am still enjoying it.Actually, I think that words cannot accurately express how much I am enjoying this game as a whole. I'm not even good enough at it to do things like True Boss Rush on Hell difficulty or above. In fact, I had some trouble just completing the game on Hard (though, to be fair, I didn't use buffs or consumables). But that doesn't, and never did, take away from the fun that I am having with the game. There are plenty of other things for me to do, and if I ever feel like hating myself, I can just practice until I'm good enough to complete Impossible mode.Also, to be honest, I feel like the $17.99 price tag is pretty low (I'd gladly pay at least $40) for how many hours one can get out of it. The game itself is not that long and can be beaten in just a few hours or less (if you know what you're doing), but its replay value is off the charts. I mean, just check out those achievements. And although it's not terribly long, the first playthrough for most people, on average, will probably take 15-20 hours. Personally, it took me between 40-50 hours for my first playthrough because I played on Hard and went around collecting all items without using a guide.... Anyway. TLDR; Rabi-Ribi provides a challenge for players of all skill levels in a way that almost no other game does, and that's letting you, the player, go at your own discretion. It's also pretty spectacular, and if you love the metroidvania/bullet hell genres, you owe it to yourself to buy this game. Don't even think about it--just do it. I can guarantee that you won't regret it.(Also, the art is very cute and has some ecchi bits to it. If you're not into that, please don't let it turn you off of buying the game. You'll be missing out, greatly.)"
,Recommended,400910,20898080,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,Paragus,"Do not be fooled by all the weeb anime visuals, this game is an amazing metroidvania.  The explorable game world is giant, and is mostly non-linear.  There are literally dozens of bosses, many of which can be tackled in any order you want with few exceptions.   There is fast travel to minimize some back tracking, a shop where you can buy upgrades, and a ton of hidden secrets and items scattered all over the map.The gameplay handles surprisingly well, and the music is top notch through the entire game.  The story is sort of meh, and there's a lot of dialogue that is painful at times to read through.  It doesn't detract enough from the game though.Boss battles seem to be at the heart of the game since there are so many.   They are bullet hell Touhou style fights with creative and insane barrage patterns.  Playing through blind on Hard right out of the gate, I found it to have the perfect level of challenge.  It's hard enough that you feel motivated to hunt down hidden power-ups, but fair enough to not discourage you.  After all if you get stuck on a boss there's always a few others you can try your luck on.After you beat the main final boss, which is a doozy of a fight that I won't forget soon, the game keeps plowing onwards after the credits roll into overtime with more challenges and extra content for those willing to see how deep the rabbit hole really goes. (See what I did there?)Overall highly recommended for fans of metroidvanias, the game is very lengthy for the price and the replay value is there as well."
,Recommended,400910,28247266,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Akka,"Do not underestimate this gameCleverly disguised to put you off your guard. When you're not paying attention you'll get your♥♥♥♥♥♥rocked harder than Contra. Burly muscles are so 90's, it's all about little anime girls in cute outfits now! Get with the times grandpa.What sets this game apart from the rest is the challenge, and how finely crafted it is to suit your tastes. With SEVEN specific difficulties, this game will suit the level of play you're most comfortable at. Novices and danmaku pros alike can revel in this game's spectacular world--filled to the brim with dozens of cute anime girls set in an idillyic Eastern paradise so expansive it took me 20 hours to explore it all.With over 30 bosses and the ability to sequence break, the world feels truly open. Take note Ubisoft: You can ignore the destination nodes and STILL make meaningful progress in the game by unraveling the locations at your own pace! It's organic and incredibly satisfying to continue exploring one undulating path after another reaching areas you're not supposed to be in yet.Bosses themselves will level up partially with the player, making it possible for you to take them on in any order! Several times I wandered into a late-game boss grossly underleveled and still ended up on top after enduring a thrilling nail-biter of a fight. Despite having so many different bosses, each one of them has their own gimmick that sets them apart. These aren't just mindless bullet patterns, each fight had plenty of forethought put into their design.Rabi-Ribi is a strong contender for one of the best platforming games this year, and absolutely deserves your attention. I only wish I bought this game on release.Plenty of hypocritical morons have dismissed this game based on its appearance alone. Do not be one of those idiots."
76561198051062456,Recommended,400910,32382554,Posted: 13 June,all,Junogray,"Golden Metroid-vania touhou Platformer......with sexual content, I couldn't be more sold"
76561198040030741,Recommended,400910,28544600,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,horheristo,"Most deceiving hardcore game on steam.Story:You're a bunny waifu who tags along with a fairy waifu, murdering a diversity of waifus.Gamplay:- Bullet hell.- Smooth combat, plenty of ways dealing with enemies and bosses so it never gets stale.- During boss fights you get rewarded for performance with a ranking system that improves your damage.- The game has quite a bunch of difficulty modes, while the final one will provide a very nice challenge for those who seek it among you.- Big world with plenty of areas to explore and find secrets. Almost every non-transition screen has a secret in it.Art:Weeb stuff, either you like it or you don't.World design is simple and easy on the eyes.Music:10/10, you might even find yourself listening to the OST outside the game.It's that good.Overall I had a great experience playing Rabi-Ribi.I would recommend this game to those who enjoy hardcore gaming (and are decent / good at it).If you're here for achievements then turn away from this game, as you will fail miserably to complete it."
,Recommended,400910,23369235,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Link,"Okay, where should I start. I saw this game quite a few times in my Steam recommendations before actually buying it. And well, not wanting to sound rude towards other ""anime games"" you usually read stuff like ""It has anime boobs 10/10"" so I didn't check the reviews when it said ""Overwhelmingly positive.""Until that one day: and all reviews came up with: ""Ignore the super cutesy appeal, it's a great platformer""And this is simply what I can only fully agree with: the game is a 2D platformer - combined with Touhou like bullet hell battles - and those battles get extremely hard over time. I just saw the credits for the first time (apparently there will be quite a bit of post game content which I haven't explored yet) and boy - I was playing on ""Novice"" difficulty and the bosses were giving me a really hard time. I'm not saying the game's unfair:it never is. The controls work perfectly fine, they're super responsive - just make sure to get a controller to play this - in my case I remapped the buttons. But yeah, the controls and everything working just great made me never blame the game if I died (and it happened quite often).Other than that: If the cutesy appeal would turn you off - then you'll be certainly missing out on a great and challenging platformer.The story might be a bit absurd to be frank - a bunny gets transformed into a girl and she searches for her master. And as the story progresses she searches for her master's younger sister.Sounds simple? Well, maybe! But all the characters in the game have a little trait - there are very many so don't expect them to be super deep but they're very charming.So  well: I recommend it!"
,Recommended,400910,21689960,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Yoshi,"It's quite telling when the game has a LOT of positive reviews (98% positive from around 1000 reviews as at time of writing), and most of the reviews are NOT joke reviews either.So like what others have said, I also came for the bunny girls, but stayed for the really nice gameplay.It's a really good Metroidvania on its own, and made me want to play it again and again so I can get better at it.And play again and again I did, because dang, the boss fights really keep kicking my♥♥♥♥♥They're similar to Touhou/bullet hell type stages, but each one is interesting in their own, and makes you want to keep trying again even if they're difficult.The music is REALLY nice too, so try getting the UPRPRC edition if possible.Overall I highly recommend the game, especially if you're a big fan of Metroidvania games.Or if you like bunny girls. That works too."
76561198158055836,Recommended,400910,20821749,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,Skyrift,"I actually came for the cute anime girls but the game goes way beyond that.I'll get right down to the battle mechanics since that is the bulk of the gameplay.Fighting mechanics are amazing, the sound effects and movements when you combo the enemies really make it seem you're doing something right. I also melt inside each time Erina does a basic attack; her eyes squint ><.The different moves you can execute with the direction pad and the attack button allows you to throw enemies into the air with aerial attacks, throw bombs and various other abilities that makes the fighting enjoyable. The controls are extremely intuitive, the devs did a great job by having a quick popup with simple instructions that appears whenever you learn new skills. If you happen to forget certain combos, it is the first thing you see when you open up the menu screen with ESC.The various moves are actually necessary, for example you would find air attacks useful against air enemies or enemies on platforms above you.Once you get the faerie helper, it feels like obtaining a bit device in R-Type except you can control its ranged firing direction and even charged attacks (good for aiming at enemies in the air while you're busy standing aside to dodge lasers).Hell, you can even level up your faerie by attacking with it and that unlocks even more stuff.I started on Novice, but I believe the Hard modes would really allow you to utilize the full extent of your weaponry and skills. If you're a decent gamer, I would recommend starting on a higher difficulty (above novice) and work your way up or down.The game is good at rewarding the player. In the first 15 minutes of gameplay the interactivity level is extremely high: killing enemies with different attacks; picking up objects; blowing holes through the ground; talking to npcs. Every little thing you do feels rewarding (e.g. killing an enemy literally throws it off the screen; obtaining an item is like getting the Master's Sword from Link to the Past.)For fans of stories and anime character portraits, there are lots of little scenes here and there where you can enjoy the myriad expressions of the characters. If you're not a story fan, that's still fine, you can easily skip cutscenes and continue on (although the game does encourage you to watch them so that you can 'collect' the CG artwork in the gallery section). It's moe, but the characters all have their own personalities.Can't say much for the story yet since I'm an hour into the game, but it's definitely not a mindless 'be the hero / save blah blah' - the characters hint there's definitely various things going on behind the scenes. The story is pretty quick pace, things just keep popping outta no where. There is humour in the dialogue, but mostly for the anime audience.The world seems pretty vast. As many reviewers have already pointed out that you can just level up, explore and have fun instead of continuing with the story, which gives some freedom.Music is diverse, themes fit the location you're in.Graphics is what you see in the trailer above. There are windowed and full screen options.Little references here and there from various games. At some point I swear I saw a springboard that looked like it was from Super Mario Bros to allow me to reach higher places.It is clear that the developers put a ton of love into this game from all the minute details mentioned above. There seems to be many little gems to be discovered. I would have to say this game is very well polished. This is definitely one of those games that would amass a cult following."
,Recommended,400910,34962662,Posted: 14 September,all,/AVA\,I have over 300 games and this is one of the few that actually makes me happy.
,Recommended,400910,21335256,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Jamfrost Jamiro,"Rabi-Ribi did plenty to surprise me. I purchased it without knowing what it truly was, but as I entered the game and started experiencing it, I fell in love with everything it had to offer. By the way, this game has much to offer. The dev also keeps on adding to the game and polishing it with plenty of updates.It features Erina, a bunny girl protagonist; a Metroidvania type of exploration and progression; a vast amount of items to purchase or find; secrets in the form of hidden paths, hidden rooms, or well-hidden items; a badge wearing system for powering yourself up; multiple projectile attacks that have charge shot variations; a big world with plenty of map space to uncover; a neat combo system that evolves over time as you acquire new moves; a wide array of different bosses that bring in the bullet hell element of the game; difficulty settings that can cater to anyone (I chose Novice); Speed Run and Boss Rush modes; and many anime ladies in tight clothing with some yuri undertones. It also lasted me about 19+ hours with 99% of the map revealed, 99% of the items found, and the final boss defeated (what a fight!). After the game is thoroughly beaten it’ll reset boss encounters so you can fight them again as you travel around to find those last couple of items trying to hide away from you.Whew. Okay, let’s talk about some aspects of the game in greater detail.The StoryWe begin the story as a bunny girl that comes to and much to her surprise, she is in human form. From that point on, the mystery unravels as she seeks out her master and the cause of the bunny madness. The story relies more on humor than anything else, but does come with a bit of drama and sad realizations once you push far enough. However, the silliness takes the main stage for most of the game. Some aspects of the plot can seem convoluted and make it hard to follow as a result. Still, if you take the time to think about it or even go through a second playthrough which would help a bit I think, things start to fall into place. Overall, it did its job to keep me going forward without needing to worry about the more complicated aspects.Bullet Hell and DifficultyThe bullet hell aspect of Rabi-Ribi is restricted only to the boss encounters. That’s when the magic happens as tons of projectiles make their way towards you. You’ll have to dodge around and keep your hitbox safe until you can whack the boss hard with your hammer. Or you could pelt them with projectiles, probably charged shots, until you can close the distance. The game also lets you bring consumable items into battle to give you more of an edge against them. The boss fights are the most difficult aspect of the game. They start off easy, allowing you to face check bullets irresponsibly, but eventually, learning not to eat the enemy’s magic is the way to stay ahead in the fight.Difficulty selection is pretty important and the right one should be selected. I know I’m terrible at bullet hell type games and started off with Casual, the easiest difficulty. I thought it was much too easy for me and bumped it up to Novice. Keep in mind that you can’t change the difficulty on the fly. Over the course of the game, I did come across 3 or so bosses that were very, very tough and required multiple attempts until my skills improved enough to defeat them. One of them required the game’s help (it’ll ask you if you want help if you die too many times on the easier difficulties) which restored me to full health and gave me some buffs. That was very helpful and a big plus in making the experience more enjoyable and accessible for terrible players like me. Next time I’ll prepare properly and buy some buffs and heals in town. Finally, I’ll mention that there are two relatively long platforming sections (lasers themed/spikes themed) towards the end of the game that are extremely brutal and seemingly out of character for the game. I could’ve done without them and they are manageable (I did need the game’s help for the last one).Graphics and GameplayRabi-Ribi is mostly presented in a pixelated art style except for the UI, character portraits, and certain scenes. It comes with solid animations, something the art style definitely requires, to make the game look lively and the hammer combos awesome. The damage numbers, the projectiles all over the screen, movement/attack skills, and idle animations help to keep this game from feeling dead and static like other games with pixel graphics.The strongest part of the game is the gameplay itself. You start off as a bunny girl with no weapon and a short jump. Then you find a hammer. Then you find Ribbon who supports you with projectile attacks. Over the course of the game, you turn into a combo beast with powerful ranged attacks that you can alter via staff selection to match the situation. You like uppercuts? They’re here. What about a double jump or an air dash attack? Or charging into an enemy with a charged shot as your opener before unleashing a 7 move hammer combo into a carrot bomb? There are many skills to find and upgrade. Most of the movement skills can hurt the enemy and can be stringed together in interesting ways. I’m especially fond of the camera zooming in mid-combo to make your hits seem even more powerful.Badges allow you to make Erina more powerful. You have a PP (Pack Points) limit such as 0/8 and you can equip enough badges to use up all the points. I had 100PP by the end which allowed me to equip a ton of different badges including ones that increase health, reduce damage, prevent statuses, cancel out of a certain move, increase mana, and on and on and on.The metroidvania aspects are solid and encourage me to explore and gather as many power-ups and items as possible. Areas open up as you acquire the relevant movement skills or realize how to hunt for secrets. The maps are fairly vast with multiple zones that all tie together.-Rabi-Ribi is a genre blending game that works extremely well and might be the metroidvania that you’ve been waiting for all this time. It has the content. It has the gameplay. It has the anime girls."
,Recommended,400910,34335614,Posted: 18 August,all,dlupal,"THIS IS THE BEST GAME I HAVE PLAYED IN THE LAST TEN YEARS.It has EVERYTHING I want in a game. I just about fell over when I first saw this.AWESOME GAMEPLAY, bullhell meets platformer? YES!AWESOME MUSIC, buy the soundtrack, buy it, burn it, play it everywhere.AWESOME CONTROLS, your deaths are your own boy, and Erina has so many moves.AWESOME RETRO VISUALS, mmmmm damn.AWESOME DEVELOPER, been playing since 1.1 and it's only gotten better and better.But nothing is prefect…….. The story sucks, BUT WHO CARES it's ALL ABOUT THE BOSS FIGHTS BABY!I love it, these guys deserve your money. Even if you hate the anime style art, the bosses are so good that the game could light my house on fire and I'd still rate it 11/10.Do I recommend this game???? Where's the HELL YES! button? ""Yes"" isn't enough.THIS IS EVERYTHING THAT IS RIGHT ABOUT GAMING TODAY!"
,Recommended,400910,32869202,Posted: 27 June,all,♥ JustMoe ♥,Half of the game gave me a boner and the other half made me eat salt.
,Recommended,400910,27205565,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,GenBigg,"My nomination for this I place it as ""Don't Judge a Game by it cover""Why you may ask? I seen alot of people overlooking this game as cute (Which still is cute to be honest)Alot avoided as thinking it just ""Hentai"" Surely there are some CG's but they aren't THAT bad.It a very fun bullet hell/Adventure-like game with some Challenging Achievements for those looking a Challenge.DLC is really worth it too.It also worth to note it a 15 card set badge."
,Recommended,400910,21304246,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Karma,"What can I say about this game others have not? it is a wonderful game. Don't judge it just because the  main-character is a bunny girl. Her design actually fits into the game so don't be quick to pass this off as another ""fan-service"" game+ Adorable graphics+ Adorable characters+ Cute stories for the side-characters+ Awesome musicThe gameplay is spot on and this game will keep you busy with all of its achievements meaning multiple playsHeck you can play this game in different ways, you can choose if to use a weapon or not or even go a different route from what you are told if you feel like it. You don't have to do what the game tells you to do. This is what spices things up on a new save-file.Others may not think the story is all that but I really enjoyed it, it had good mystery to it making me want to play more to find out what was going on.Even the side-characters may not have much to them but what they do give them does make them stand out so it is worth reading the dialogue throughout the game instead of skipping it.Even after my first play through I still have loads left to do, this game can last way past 20 hours even if you know what you are doing. Very much worth its price.I would highly recommend this game to any of my friends"
,Recommended,400910,25764146,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Vietnam Rice Fields,"This is gonna be a long review. Tl;dr:Shinugayoi.Where do we begin?So I came across this game while surfing a gaming blog. Not too much description given, but it seemed to be the type of game that I liked, so I decided to give it a try. Two things surprised me when I first viewed the store page; first being that it was tagged to be of the ""Bullet Hell"" genre, and that the total price of the game, with all DLCs, came to thirty dollars. I was expecting an indie title with 10~20 hour playtime, then maybe extra for grinding achievements. Nevertheless, I did trust the blogger and we had a lot of shared interests. I was suspecting that I probably overpaid for a game that would keep me occupied for a couple of days, but I wasn't short on money or anything so I just went with it.So I started up the game, and the first thing that came up was the difficulty choice. Now anyone who has played games for a while knows that 'normal' means easy, 'hard' means normal, and any extra difficulties are the ones that are likely to give you any real challenge. I'm also the type that goes for the highest dificulty first. So understandably, I was annoyed when I saw it had twolockeddifficulties above hard  (I mean, like, the heroine is a bunnygirl. How hard can it be?). I started my first save in hard, pondering if I should put up with two more runthroughs of the game.The first few minutes went exactly as I had expected; a few bosses that would've been hard to lose should I have been playing with my feet, dialog that pops up everytime you try to do anything, the stuff you expect from indie games of the genre. I finished the prologue with no difficulties at all, although I was starting to realise how expansive the map was, with areas I could not yet venture into due to the lack of gear. This actually seemed like a drawback at the time, because I'm a very linear and straightforward gamer. I don't like revisiting old areas with new gears to find secrets and loot, and I was considering looking into a guide should it ever become a problem for me getting the achievements.And then it all changed. Just a few screens outside of town, I encountered the next boss. Expecting another easy victory, I headed into the fight...And I died.And then I died again.And again.I thought it was just me taking the game too lightly, or just an outlier boss that had difficulty above average. Maybe it was just me getting used to this weird cross of Bullet Hell and Platformer. Next boss.GAME OVERGAME OVERGAME OVERGAME OVERSo at this point, I was getting the idea that something was off, but I was mostly enjoying the newfound challenge. With high expectations, I entered my next boss battle.GGGGGGGGGGGGGGAME OVERNever had I ever thought that an innocent looking platformer would strain me to this extent (Although I did mess up on the progression; this boss should have been fought much later). I was now filled with determination to beat this game no matter what it takes, on the highest difficulty to boot; but to even start that run, I would have to complete two whole runthroughs. The difficulty of this 'hard' seemed more fitting to be something like 'hell' (Which, incidentaly, is the next difficulty up in this game), and I was both excited and fearful of what challenges the higher difficulties may bring.But it turns out that I had enough to worry about on my own difficulty. Whenever I faced a boss that I thought would be impossible to top, the next would be a few times harder. I would be absolutely destroyed for the first ten or so tries, not being able to remove even a fifth of its health, then be destroyed again as it unleashes more and more moves as the fight progresses. Every boss left me feeling like I've seen the worst that this game can throw at me; the next would prove that the challenge I've faced so far is nothing. My most memorable moment of the main game is the final four-stage bossfight, which had me desperately hanging on with no healing items, as I had used all of them on the first part. The introduction of every new part brought absolute despair, yet at the same time strengthening my resolve to beat the game, knowing that I was only centimeters off now.And then came the post game. While called that, excluding the final chapter (Which has a quite distinct 'extra' feel to it), the post game doesn't really feel like an extra at all, instead following the natural sequence of the main game. Anyway, at this point I was slightly disappointed that beating the main game did not give me access to the higher difficulty, as I wanted to start the highest difficulty run as soon as possible. I decided to finish the extra difficulty as soon as possible. After all, how hard could it be, after I just endured the four consecutive tortures that is the final boss?The first boss of the post game was a challenge I almost lost hope on. Even after what seemed like an endless number of tries, I could not even get her below half health. Once I become used to one move, the next would be the end of me. With slow and painstaking progress, I finally defeated her, now terrified of what the next boss would have in store for me. Well, it turns out that even getting to her would be a problem on it's own; the non-boss stages have become just as hard, if not even harder than the boss stages. To be honest, I was slightly disappointed with the second post game boss in terms of difficulty, as the flight stages and the regeneration granted by them made it too easy. However, the she has some of the hardest and most interesting patterns in the game.Then we come to the true final boss. The map where the fight occurs is a hell to navigate; without giving you any spoilers, it will test the player's movement accuracy to the maximum. Just in case you were feeling that the game was getting easier, with all the upgraded gear and whatnot, the final boss decides to strip you of all these privileges; Again, without spoiling too much, the fight will test the player on every aspect of skill that they have learnt throughout the game, and has a truckload of different moves, all with very different methods to avoid. The difficulty is legendary; I have tried so many times to defeat this boss, that I can now recite all of its patterns, from all phases, in order.And now here I am, back to where I started. I've just finished the prologue on my Hell run, which I can currently say looks to be a good 2~3 times harder than the Hard difficulty, as well as started a new game + run for my hard run. I have also seen the special extra bosses that the game had generously prepared for me; for all three of them, my initial reaction waswutandnope, but I believe I'll be able to defeat them someday.Someday.So where to now? Is it the extra bosses, the new Hell and even higher Bunny Extinction difficulties, the Boss Rushes I've unlocked or perfect boss clear achievements that I shall complete next? Only one thing is sure for me: I have over a hundred hours of playtime on this game so far, and I'll take however long it takes me to defeat everything, unlock all achievements and ultimately compelete the game. I won't even look at the maps that are being posted on guides, or any strategic guides or builds for bosses and achievements; I want to finish this entirely by myself, with no help or influence from any other players. This is the greatest gaming challenge that I have set myself so far, and I will have no rest until I have completed it.I'm running out of space here. In conclusion, this is a must play for the hardcore gamer who seeks to challenge themselves, for the achievement hunters who seek for the most ridiculous of trophies, and the adventurer who ventures to find all secrets hidden deep underneath the surface. Are you up for the challenge?"
,Recommended,400910,20853538,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,(YouTube)Dragnix,"First Impressions Video:https://youtu.be/3q7ZjMfjUO8Target Audience:Metroidvania fans who want a good mix up with bullet hell mechanics.Summary:It's hard to say no to bunny girls, and it's hard to say no to a good Metroidvania game: and that's what Rabi-Ribi is. The game starts off slow, but when it starts giving you skills and more weapons, the combat picks up and starts to become not only exciting, but good old fun. But it's the addition of the bullet hell like mechanics that makes it stand out, and those come to a head in the game's strongest feature: the boss battles.  The game has a bunch of them: and each boss has reasonably different patterns from the next, forcing you to change up your strategies and run around trying not to die. I need to emphasize that the bullet hell mechanics feel at home in this game, and really do a good job of adding to the combat in several ways, and I'm surprised more games haven't gone this route with the mash up of genres. I've enjoyed the game from the get go, and while the platforming portions leave a bit to be desired, those who remember the old days of Castlevania on the GBA for example will find a game that they will enjoy for hours on end, as the game does bring the content for the big picture.Lists:My Positives:The game brings the boss fights: and they are the highlight of the game. Bullet patterns go to the next level as it becomes a frantic battle of dodging everything the boss is throwing at you, while trying to get a hit or two in yourself. Great variety between the bullet patterns of bosses as well.Metroidvania fans will get their fix here. Enemies to kill, while still rewarding exploration of the map and finding all the hidden upgrades.Good selection of secondary weapons that change up strategy within battle, allowing for more advanced tactics.Like the Stamina/Magic meters implementation, as it forces more tactical gameplay and puts less focus on button mashing. Good combo system that grows as you play more.Good selection of difficulties that ranges from new players of the genre, to veterans of it.Controls are perfect for the gameplay. Enough control to deal with the Bullet Hell mechanics, but not overly forgiving as well. It's in that sweet spot that you want out of games like these.Music hits great exploration themes and does a good job of complementing the action in question.Those looking for a goofy and touching story, yeah, you'll get it here. Just don't expect Shakespeare.Environments are pretty aesthetic pleasing, and some of the cutscene artwork is fantastic.My Negatives:There's a couple of jumps that really are just absolutely unnecessary in the big picture. Think of the TMNT sewer jump from the NES era, but you can't just walk across it. It takes absolute precision and is 95% luck most of the time. It stands out from what's generally very easy platforming in a bad, bad way.Sound design is pretty weak overall. No noticeable impact to gameplay when isolating it (aka turning it off).Something about the sprites needs just a bit more detail in the long run. They aren't bad, is just feels like it just needs one more element to it.Sometimes the humor gets to the point of groanworthy. Like, legendary groanworthiness."
,Recommended,400910,21065632,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Gamer Takahashi McBaggin,This game rules. Theres a lot of freedom in how you want to approach the game. Theres no real order how you do bosses.There is a lot to explore and see in this pretty world.Music is very good in this game and sets the mood very well.Characters are pretty funny and cute.Combat is pretty fun if you like bullet hell type games. Its pretty tough to know where your hitbox is but you'll get the hang of it.I played on Hard Difficulty and the game took be about 31 hours to beat. I got stuck on about 3 bosses overall. I reccomend giving normal on your first run through.Fun game. Buy it
76561198043369921,Recommended,400910,21970574,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,.Katjo,"My second favorite game of this year. It manages to find the perfect balance between being friendly to newcomers while also being tough as hell for veterans. It's a metroidvania-genre game mixed up with touhou-like bullet hell. You control Erina, a bunny which somehow got transformed into a human, on your journey you will visit many various locations (each one with gr8 ost, btw), all of which are filled with various collectibles, power-ups, etc. You will often come across places which you can't access yet, since you need an extra ability for that, so here comes backtracking, which imo is pretty well done, it doesn't really force you to do it.The main part of the game are boss encounters which are really well made. They do get tough, often covering the screen with projectiles through which you have to dodge your way, however they all seem to be pretty fair, and most of the time after few tries you will be able to easily dodge through enemy's bullet hell. I would recommend this game to anyone, in fact I have never played any metroidvanias or Touhou's etc. and I still had a lot of fun with this game. So overall, I'd say it's worth every penny for which it's priced. Same goes for ost, awesome piece of music.Few things I forgot to mention-Characters are unbelievably cute :3-The game is in fact pretty long, took my 30h+ to get it close to 100% on my hard run-Bunny"
,Recommended,400910,32833331,Posted: 26 June,all,Outset,"On first impression I initially thought less of Rabi-Ribi, primarily due to the sexual content present in the trailer.Yet when I actually caved in and bought the game, I discovered that the hype was real. This is by far one of the best metroidvania titles I've ever played. The combat system is decent, the world feels huge and the characters are surprisingly well-written - even if the story often goes crazy at times.Boss battles are also really tough, especially if you decide to slide the difficulty up. When the developers described their game as 'bullet hell', they were not kidding. There are times when your screen will fill with loads of projectiles which you have to dodge. Thankfully, Erina has a surprisingly small hitbox for her size, so it is possible to dodge.There is a surprising amount of hand-holding at the start and there are some places that are pretty much inaccessible until after you've beaten the game. Other than tthat, you are often given the freedom to explore.Be warned, however. If you don't like fanservice in anime or manga, this game is filled with it."
,Recommended,400910,29193970,Posted: 11 January,all,𝓥𝓲𝓷𝓬𝒆𝓷𝓽,"く__,.ヘヽ.　　　　/　,ー､ 〉＼ ', !-─‐-i　/　/´／｀ｰ'　　　 L/／｀ヽ､/　 ／,　 /|　 ,　 ,　　　 ',ｲ 　/ /-‐/　ｉ　L_ ﾊ ヽ!　 iﾚ ﾍ 7ｲ｀ﾄ　 ﾚ'ｧ-ﾄ､!ハ|　 |!,/7 '0'　　 ´0iソ| 　 ||.从""　　_　　 ,,,, / |./ 　 |ﾚ'| i＞.､,,__　_,.イ / 　.i 　|ﾚ'| | / k_７_/ﾚ'ヽ,　ﾊ.　|| |/i 〈|/　 i　,.ﾍ |　i　|.|/ /　ｉ： 　 ﾍ!　　＼　|kヽ>､ﾊ 　 _,.ﾍ､ 　 /､!!'〈//｀Ｔ´', ＼ ｀'7'ｰr'ﾚ'ヽL__|___i,___,ンﾚ|ノﾄ-,/　|___./'ｰ'　　!_,.:"
,Recommended,400910,20815187,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,It Gearsy,"If you thought catgirls were dissapointing material for your parents, wait till you play this."
,Recommended,400910,31598042,Posted: 7 May,all,Top Nep,"く__,.ヘヽ.　　　　/　,ー､ 〉＼ ', !-─‐-i　/　/´／｀ｰ'　　　 L/／｀ヽ､/　 ／,　 /|　 ,　 ,　　　 ',ｲ 　/ /-‐/　ｉ　L_ ﾊ ヽ!　 iﾚ ﾍ 7ｲ｀ﾄ　 ﾚ'ｧ-ﾄ､!ハ|　 |!,/7 '0'　　 ´0iソ| 　 ||.从""　　_　　 ,,,, / |./ 　 |ﾚ'| i＞.､,,__　_,.イ / 　.i 　|ﾚ'| | / k_７_/ﾚ'ヽ,　ﾊ.　|| |/i 〈|/　 i　,.ﾍ |　i　|.|/ /　ｉ： 　 ﾍ!　　＼　|kヽ>､ﾊ 　 _,.ﾍ､ 　 /､!!'〈//｀Ｔ´', ＼ ｀'7'ｰr'ﾚ'ヽL__|___i,___,ンﾚ|ノﾄ-,/　|___./'ｰ'　　!_,.:"
,Recommended,400910,34922529,Posted: 13 September,all,RetroNutcase,"Many will look at this game and be ready to dismiss it because it looks like a fanservice laden h-game. Those people are fools.For one, despite some ecchi-ish CG art, nothing's flat out NC-18 (No nudity, certainly no lewd acts), this ends up being one of the most solid Metroidvania titles in a long time. Why? It embraces the non-linearity that makes a good Metroidvania. This is a Metroidvania where you can literally go ""Y'know what? I don't WANT my primary weapon. I'm gonna run the game without it."" And you can challenge the game with just Ribbon (Your 'gun' of sorts). Sequence breaking isn't actively blocked, in fact it's outright encouraged.On top of this you have a fun bullet-hell esque form of boss fighting that keeps things quite intense, but due to the upgrade nature of the game, you can always snag more health and attack power to get the advantage in a tougher boss fight whose patterns you haven't quite nailed yet.This is a Metroidvania that gets so much right where other games in the genre get it wrong. Virtually the entire world map is accessible to you from the getgo if you know how to bypass certain obstacles with Erina's hidden techs. If you were the type of person who loved being able to go out of order in Super Metroid via walljumps and Machballs, you are going to love the way this game encourages more of the same."
,Recommended,400910,20889263,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,Dangerous Beans,"Okay, so...Rabbit transformed into bunny girl by unknown magic teams up with a pixie and fights to escape a global conspiracy of bunny-obsessed perverts....GOTY 2016"
,Recommended,400910,21663600,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Arzeith-Tau,"Played for almost 200 hours and will be soon enoug...h... There still things to do...-Metroidvania exploration in a huge world with lots of tricky secrets-Lots of challenging bullet hell style boss fights (20+ bosses)-High replayablity = Additional challanges such as higher difficulties and and no upgrade run-Gruelling, and frustratingly challenging journey to achieve all the achievements"
76561197961470640,Recommended,400910,23237273,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Mikuchan,"Granted, I am a fan of many anime and granted, I adore bunnygirls.But I really do like this game a lot.It's hard, very hard, but really rather fair at the same time. But that's part what I like with it.Cleared it on normal with 100% items and 100% map.Casual is considerably easier than Normal or Hard and would probably be playable by mostly anyone.Sometimes I just want to take the Piko hammer and go and bash the devs with it for making the game so hard though.The story is really cute, as are the characters.I won't say the story is top notch, but the game knows itself and makes the best of it and does it quite nicely.Definitely worth the money and one of the few games i really pursue achievements and badges for because I like it.But that may be the bullet hell loving anime nerd in me tralking.Thanks a bunch to the devs for making it though~Edit:Some time has passed and I felt that I needed to add that the devs are constantly updating and bugfixing the game, adding new content and now even nice free event-based DLC, the Halloween one. Bugfixing is a given and everyone should do that, although not everyone does. However adding content and DLC for free is really nice when it, at least on my part, was entirely unexpected when I bought it."
,Recommended,400910,22786917,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,The Real Hello,"I bought this game entirely blind on like the second day it came out since I had 20$ left over on my Steam account. Saw the possibility that it was chock full of things to find and do since it had like 80+ achievements, with only the screenshots and summary of the store page only helping more.I then decided to play this game on Hard, it was fine at first but then it finally began kicking my♥♥♥♥♥(Which is something I enjoyed). Now I'm trying to get good at speedrunning this game and it's still kicking my♥♥♥♥♥with all the technicalities it can have during the run.My only real complaint about this game would be that they put a small tiny bit of lyrics into one of the songs, but that's just a pet peeve really.Oh, and Irisu. ♥♥♥♥ Irisu.I'm just happy that it's quite clear the devs really care about this game and want to see it strive for the better with the constant, yet small updates it's been getting. At the start of it's launch it was running quite slowly on my computer with the places that were very graphically heavy, mainly the backgrounds. But after so many updates, the game runs at a much faster pace. And that's not even counting the artbook (If you really love this game, get the artbook too, you won't regret it) that finally came out and the small easter eggs now scattered around the world.My only advice would be not to judge this game on the fact that it's a cutesy anime-styled game. It will kick your♥♥♥♥♥to Hell and back if you do so."
,Recommended,400910,23738623,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,✿Prim✿,Cute rabbit girlChallenging bullet hellDiverse attack combos & magic skills that you unlock through progression/explorationLovely soundtrackCute story dialogue with many cute characters and fluffy cg/sprite artworkWhat more do you want? ; w; 10/10
,Recommended,400910,23948063,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Old_Albert,"Amazing game. They say ""40+ boss battles, 1000+ attack patterns"" and they don't lie. It's a metrodivania that ends with 15 min-long varied boss-fight that took me 3 days to beat on Hard.It's also excels at having alot of different mechanics that are almost all useful and not just some gimmick. Dash, Air-dash, bunny-strike, boost, charge-shots, different kinds of magic, amulet, food, buffs, badges - it's all very important on bosses(especially on hard) and makes up varied and fun battle mechanics.Rabi-Ribi do not impress that much in level-design(not that it's bad though, there's alot of secrets to find) or story - 90% of game's best is Bosses, but there's ALOT of Bosses."
,Recommended,400910,25880656,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Seyren,"This game is absolutely amazing.I saw the trailer and I knew this game was going to be great. It's up there as one of my all time favourites along with Wings of Vi and Cave Story.Pros:* The Gameplay itself is certainly the greatest strength of the game by far. Controls are extremely solid with a controller. The pacing is great, The difficulty curve is perfect; it starts off simple but continues to throw challenges at you that will always keep you on your toes and leads to some of the hardest encounters Ive experienced in a game, expect to die when learning a bosses patterns.Like most metroidvania games, you can progress in a wide variety of ways. There are a ton of secrets and collectables throughout the world. There are a ton of bosses and if you collect every item and complete the main story and post game there is over 30 hours of gameplay.* The music is 10/10. Seriously, buy the soundtrack. (imo top track is Sudden Death).* The Art and sprites in the game are beautiful.* 6 difficulty settings. Casual, Novice, Normal and Hard are available from the start. Hell and Bunny Extinction are unlocked via beating the game on harder difficuties.* The developers continue to add more content to the game. We just got a Halloween update that added a small dungeon and a very challenging boss fight. A few bosses were added prior too.As much as I love this game there are it's flaws.Cons:* The story is one of the games few weak points. When I picked it up I didnt expect much of a story to begin with, but it was very vague about a a few things as you progress and learn more about the world you are playing in and doesnt really explain why certain things occur.* Tons of fanservice. This can be a pro for a lot of people but it wasnt for me, there were quite a few moments in the game that made me cringe pretty hard.* Bosses later in the game scale out of control, after around chapter 4 bosses were like 10 minute long endurance tests because they have so much health (and that's with keeping up S to Max damage combo up), however please take into account I jumped into this game on it's hardest difficulty that is available to you on it's first playthrough (Hard) and may not apply on easier difficulties.Anyways, this game is great and definitely worth buying. It's a superb metroidvania bullet hell game. If only there were more games like this."
,Recommended,400910,32494691,Posted: 16 June,all,MehSwag,This is the first ever bullet hell game I never felt before. I'm really impressed with the pixel art style and fluid movement. The attack with every bosses in the game are unique and everything will try to kill you (mostly). You become attached to a few characters and the dialogue is decent. Hopefully I will try the Touhou series.
,Recommended,400910,24035448,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Kasdiel,"In short, Rabi-Ribi is amongst the best games on Steam and it's certainly one of the best games released in the past few years.That, of course, is assuming that you're into things like Super Metroid, Castlevania, Megaman or even Ikaruga/Touhou and the like. It's a beautiful mix of genres bundled in a thoroughly charming package. Don't be mistaken, though, this isn't really a waifu game at its core despite it having cute art and adorable character designs across the board. It's difficult and not for the faint of heart but if you can withstand a bit of a challenge you'll find yourself rewarded rather handsomely with what feels like a never-ending enjoyable experience.Through increased difficulty levels and the free-form nature of the game (you can explore the world and fight bosses in whatever order you wish so long as you're capable of executing some more advanced movement techniques without the respective items) there's a ton of replayability. Some of the achievements require you to do what's seemingly nearly impossible which is fantastic for anyone seeking a challenge (true boss rush, no-damage boss runs, etc).Notably, though, I have to mention that the combat isn't like any other platformers; it's actually very fluid and feels almost fighting game-esque in execution. Movement and pattern recognition is the key to success in Rabi-Ribi.I could ramble on for hours about how I have absolutely no cons to point out about the game and how it's genuinely fantastic and well worth your time and money but I'll spare everyone from that.Did I mention it has already gotten numerous free content updates/support from the devs? Yeah. It just can't be beaten. Support CreSpirit, GemaYue and Sekai Project and your need for a thoroughly enjoyable game in 2016 and pick Rabi-Ribi up. You won't regret it."
,Recommended,400910,22263155,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Logan,It's okay.I've spent 400+ hours of my life 100% this game.
,Recommended,400910,21359994,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,スープ,This game has reminded me that pain and stress can actually be a whole lot of fun! :)
76561197994068719,Recommended,400910,23347446,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Ordinary,"""Yeah there's a chick cosplaying as a bunny at the road near the convention, you wanna come? What? nothing special!? She's beating people left and right with her hammer! it's unprecedented!"" - Otaku taking pictures of ErinaThat's what the game is about, you play as a rabbit, Erina, who suddenly finds herself in human form wearing bunny clothes in a hospital, following a mysterious voice, you end up waking up in a forest, sleeping on the lap of a girl who runs away the moment you wake up, from here on out, you are on your own, you have complete freedom, but I'll start by covering the game the way you are expected to play itThis game is a sidescrolling platformer with heavy emphasis on bullet patterns like shoot em up games like Ikaruga, Crimzon Clover, Touhou etc, I'm not big on platformers but I really like shmups and I have to say the combination works damn well, your weapons are a hammer, explosive carrots and Ribbon, a little (and scantily dressed, if this is a problem for you) fairy with 7 shot types, each comes with their own normal and charged shots and a Boost attack that will attack all enemies on screen while creating a little area that will buff you as long as you are inside itAt first, by using these weapons you earn experience that will improve them, but you will max and forget about them very early in the game, later on you will find items that give you new skills like hammer rolling or flying hammer dash, or passive skills like moving at normal speed while underwater, less damage from spikes and also consumable healing itemsYour objective is to go around mercilessly destroying anything that opposes you because it seems everyone here loves to fight, as some 4th wall jokes will imply, from little animals to weirdos from an organization with an unhealthy obsession with rabbits (which are extinct in this world, you are like a godsend to them), although the bosses are supposed to be your friends, and if not, beating them into submission will fix that, after which they go back to town and will help send you into the real world to discover what's going on, there you get to beat otakus trying to get pictures of you (and if you are careful you get to fight the director of the game apparently).As for stuff to do after you beat the game, it has you covered, when you beat the final boss, you unlock boss rush mode and in story mode there is something else that needs to be taken care of, featuring 3 more bosses, 2 of them in very intense dungeons, and then when you clear this post game you unlock another boss rush mode, speed run mode and if you go back to your save you can fight all bosses again but there are also special, lv 336 versions of 3 of themNow then, say you don't have enough with all that, you have MAX ranked, no damage clear every boss and want more, the achievements show that you can play the game in challenging ways that after one proper playthrough might make you think it's impossible, I suggest you read this only after you have cleared the game once, or at least not attempt any of this in your first playthroughAt the beginning of the review I said you have complete freedom, you can play the game events in any order you like, you are supposed to go back to town as soon as possible, but you can beat a bunch of bosses and delay your return to town anyway, there is also an achievement for beating the game without the hammer and another for doing a no items run, except for items that are forced on you by the story, if you have already beaten the game normally this might sound crazy but I heard when you attempt a 0% items run the game spawns springs and platforms to reach certain areas that might require double jump for exampleIn short, this game is an absolute blast, if you get fooled by the appearance of the game (or more specifically, the scantily dressed characters) you are missing out, but I would recommend it more because of the bullet hell aspect rather than the platforming one"
,Recommended,400910,20815683,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Bon bon®,The long lost love child of Metroidvania and Touhou?This game is exactly what you expect it to be. If you like bullet hell and or Metroidvanina you will probably like this.I anticipate playing though this many times and highly recommend it from what I've seen so far.
76561198034935991,Recommended,400910,21929128,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Tsunnen,"Rabi-Ribi caught my attention because of being a hybrid between a metroidvania and bullet hell shooter. Also, because of them bunny girls, obviously.Guys, seriously, there's no telling in how GREAT this game is.The gameplay is so damn fun, sometimes it feels like you're playing a sidescrolling hack 'n slash.  It has great music and colorful graphics. It is difficult AS HELL despite it's cute looks and easygoing plot.And the boss battles. Man, the boss battles are the main feature of this game. It is awesome to get past each attack pattern and victory feels so damn rewarding because it's so FOCKING difficult, without being cheap. No matter how difficult it is, you know that the game gives you what you need to win.It is one of those games that you actually feel sorry for finishing it. Despite it took me around 26 hours to finish it, I just wish it were longer because it's been a long time since I enjoyed so much a game like Rabi-Ribi.PROS:- Awesome danmaku/metroidvania hybrid- Great gameplay- Excellent music- Fun plot- Charismatic characters- Erina is so adorable- Lots of content---CONS:- Repetitive enemy sprites- Some level design flaws- Could have more CGs---I can't recommend it enough to anyone that enjoy a challenging game.10/10, will play again for sure. Looking forward to play more games (Rabi-Ribi 2 PLEASE!) from CreSpirit."
,Recommended,400910,23442406,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,darkbochi,"Rabi-Ribi is a platformer where you grow stronger and gain new abilities as you progress.The combat is fluid unlike most platformers; you are expected to switch between melee and ranged attacks and gain combo ranks depending how well you do (similar to Devil may Cry games).Trash mobs may not be very interesting, but boss fights can be fun with all those bullet hell dodging sequences and great soundtracks.You will discover secret tricks and rooms on your adventure that opens up new possibilities.The story might not be too appealing, but it manages to get you into the atmosphere with distinct character personalities and interactions.So, do I recommend this game? Yeah, go for it. Games like Rabi-Ribi deserve more respect considering anime-themed free2play/pay2win games are spreading like the plague."
,Recommended,400910,27912203,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Miami Rick,YOU NOMINATED THIS GAME FOR:THE “BEST USE OF A FARM ANIMAL” AWARD10/10
,Recommended,400910,21261896,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Max,"Don't be distracted by the cute bunnies, this is a true Metroidvania + Bullethell game. Great music too. Takes over 20 hours to beat all the chapters on Normal difficulty."
76561198025028760,Recommended,400910,25395721,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,jpolchowski,"The name and anime look may turn people away before giving it a chance but this is really an excellent game. It is a very competent metroidvania in the main parts-exploring, killing, finding secrets, getting powerups. Then the bosses are very good bullet hells-challenging but not unfair. Only just scratched the surface of the game and not looking back. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,400910,21092127,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Groen90,"Don't be fooled by the cute artwork with cute girls you see on the cover and the screenshots... it's not one of those cute casual platformers, this game will kick your♥♥♥♥♥if you're not ready... actually, even if you're ready.If you likemetroidvaniaandbullet hell, then this is the game for you.Very good on the metroidvania side having a huge map, tons of objects, skills and secret areas to discover, and very good on the bullet hell side, having tons of different bosses and each boss having unique danmaku: very rarely you'll see a similar pattern, except those damn homing lazors... yeah, they really like those... anyway...There's a lot of good stuff packed into this game so let's see it one by one:Very good metroidvania;Huge map with tons of hidden objects and secret passages that reward exploration and experimentation with your platforming skills;Lots of attack moves, allowing you to build your own combos to keep that combo counter up;A lot of bosses that are not afraid to fill the screen with bullets: even though the patterns are not insanely hard, theywillend you very quickly if you don't know how to move around;It's not short: took me 30 hours to finish the first playthrough in hard mode, without going for 100%;Difficulty goes from ""casual"" to ""bunny extinction"", I only tried hard mode for now, which is the middle way, and there were a few moments were I regretted that decision... but nothing impossible;Speedrun mode;Boss rush mode;Achievements for challenge runs;The music kicks♥♥♥♥♥ some tracks are really memorable and will just get stuck in your head;Beautiful artworks fot the dialogue sprites and the CGs... characters in-game are pixelated chibis but it works;All female cast,but take off those yuri goggles because there's not much undertone, lolafter seeing post-game content, I can safely say the yuri undertone is there;The only thing I didn't like:The dialogues; there's too many of them, and every time someone speaks, it seems like it's the same person over and over, there's really nothing that differentiates the characters, they don't seem to have different personalities, and because of this none of them are really memorable... Maybe it's the translation's fault, or the lack of voice acting... but thankfully, this is the kind of game where you don't have to pay attention to dialogues.Oh and homing lasers... they make mecryragecry tears of rage...All in all it's a 9/10 and I recommend the hell out of this game if you too like the above stuff!And bunnies.... and I hate bunnies.Post-game addendum: Ribbon's da real MVP"
,Recommended,400910,22187424,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Lusent,"Very charming metroidvania style platformer. It has cute girls, and humorous dialogue. A+ soundtrack. The hard mode is unforgiving. The bosses incorporate danmaku (bullet hell) special attacks so it has a spin on your traditional platformer.Non-linear which is nice, you get to chose how to progress through the game. It doesn't force you to go to any particular place. Really nice game, and worth the full price IMO."
,Recommended,400910,25467884,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,POMF =3,+ Smooth challenging gameplay+ OST of the year+ Beautiful sprites+ Bunnies+ Replay value / nonlinear gameplay- Difficulty spikesGOTY MaterialPeroperoperoperopero
,Recommended,400910,20902776,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,ShinTheKnight,"It's a story about friendship, and adventure.Oh, and obviously the kawaii animalgirl crossbreeds.Apparently, bunnies are extinct, there's a bunny-ears-wearing mafia group hunting for bunnies. Some evil force has taken our hero's best friend hostage for unknown reasons, and it's up to our bunny protagonist with her magical powers to figure out what's going on, with the help of various other characters.For a ""Metroid-vania"" game with a large emphasis of ""Bullet Hell"", it's actually a very nice balance of control and difficulty. I personally enjoyed it, and because of this game, I may try the bullet hell genre more often.Oh, the fanservice for this game is pretty mild, so if you came for the pantsu or oppai shots, you will be disappointed."
,Recommended,400910,32721400,Posted: 24 June,all,NANI?!,Features– Bunny.
,Recommended,400910,21079078,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,ERROR404,What am I doing with my life
,Recommended,400910,24840704,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Christmas,"I've played A LOT of bullet hell games, and Rabi Ribi is my favorite bullet hell game on steam (so far). The unlikely combination of Metrodvania + Bullet hell works wonders. By the time you beat ""bunny extinction"" mode you'll be able to go outside and dodge the rain during a rainstorm. I highly recommend that you try this game, though be sure to play through all the chapters before you judge it. If you are expecting an eroge, look elsewhere.Pros:A lot of Content:I've beaten the game, the post game, boss rush, and a couple other things. I have yet to beat final boss rush, true boss rush , some of the special bosses, or explore all of the different type of playthroughs possible at each difficultly level. There's a huge world to explore, and something like what, 40 bosses? Each of these bosses have unique bullet patterns and introduce new elements to make your life harder. To put things in perspective, true boss rush averages roughly TWO HOURS to beat.The game adapts to suit your playstyle:Want to collect all the powerups in the game and max out your character? Go for it, just know that as you get stronger so does each boss. Want to ignore movement power ups like double jump? Use hidden techs to sequence break the game. I have yet to try a 0% item run, but I've heard that certain levels will add springs and other things to make reaching new areas easier.Replayability:As of this review, there are achievements for beginning your second or third run. These achievements are well-warranted as each run can vary wildly and offer a drastically different experience.Cons:Not much of a plot:You play a bunny girl trying to find her master. Everyone you meet seems to want to  either capture or kill you and will do so by shooting copious amount of lasers/ bullets at you. You retaliate by hitting these attackers with either a giant hammer or by shooting bullets back at them. 'Nuff saidMay be a bit too ""cute/moe/anime""While the gameplay is insanely fun,I can understand that the way this game presents itself may be off putting for some people."
,Recommended,400910,20852475,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Warxa,"At first I thought it would be some cheap game that only wants your money by using fanservice but it's actually a really really good game. It's a huge non-linear Metroidvania with amazing gameplay and bullet hell elements. Even if you don't like anime stuff, you might like this game if you love Metroidvanias.It has pretty and cute pixelated graphics, an amazing soundtrack, very fun gameplay that keeps getting even more fun the more you progress, cute and sexy cutscenes and a huge world to explore. What makes the game so special is how it's very non-linear, you can go where you want and fight which bosses you want in the order you want.It's sad that many people will skip this game because they will be repulsed by how it looks like ecchi anime stuff to get weeaboos money. Even I clicked ""Not interested"" at first, but I came back the second time and got interested after reading it mixed my two favorite types of games. I'm so glad I gave it a second thought.+Bunny+Extremely fun gameplay+Lots of bosses that feel like Touhou and Megaman+Cute pixelated graphics+Great soundtrack+Huge world+Has a very long lenght for its kind+Characters and settings inspired from other media such as Metroid, Castlevania, Kirby, Touhou, Vocaloid, Ice Climber, Gochuumon, VVVVVV, Keio Flying Squadron, Alice, etc+Devs keep updating the game and adding more-Backtracking-Low resolution-Some rare bugs"
,Recommended,400910,20843992,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Kona❤Kona,perfectly simulates the everyday life of a bunny
,Recommended,400910,22452965,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,NoVa🌛,"Pros.+ Anime+ Cute+ Good soundtrack+ Addicting+ Tough boss fights (although, it can get a bit ridiculous)Cons.- *""Would you like some help?""* on Normal difficulty.  Even more annoying when you die on purpose so you can get that part done faster, and the message pops up every darn time.- Rage-inducing.- Lost friendships."
,Recommended,400910,33719794,Posted: 22 July,all,Pudding,"This game is suuuuuper cute. You get to play as a bunny cutie, and you fight all sorts of other cuties on your quest to become best friends with everyone!Oh, and it's really really really hard. I wasn't at all prepared for how frustrating it would be."
,Recommended,400910,21195627,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Cepheid Variable,"Don't be fooled by the appearance of this game.  It is an incredibly well-made and fun game.  One of the best metroidvania's I've ever played.  Perhaps even better than some of the games that defined the genre.That said, it's not for the faint of heart.  I am still playing it, and on normal difficulty.  Even with my skill in metroidvanias and bullet-hell games, this game is brutal as heck.Oh yeah, it's also a bullet-hell game of sorts.  All of the bosses have various bullet-hell attacks, and you have the super-small hit box.The music is amazing and fits the game perfectly, both with it's art style and storyline.My favourite part of this game?  It's the one metroidvania out there that I can't remember the path to progress through the game.  It's too non-linear.  You could face bosses in entirely different orders each playthrough.  You can even face bosses without required items.Overall?  I'd recommend this game for those who like metroidvanias and bullet-hell games, and want a good challenge.  It also has a lot of insane achievements for those who are looking for an even crazier challenge."
76561198003476471,Recommended,400910,34852167,Posted: 9 September,all,Dac_attack!!!,"An excellent metroidvania/bullet hell 2D platformer. Great soundtrack, cute visuals, and a nice (if not simple) story. It is also quite challenging, so If you wangt a hardcore experience, you should check it out.Personally It is one ofmy favorite indie games.On a sidenote, if sexual content is off putting to you, just know that this game is very tame. I'd go as far to say that it is an all ages game."
,Recommended,400910,21036280,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Div,"It’s an amazing game with tons of content, charming art style and unique mix between metroidvania and bullet hell. Huge map; beautiful and smartly designed locations; nice music; solid gameplay with responsive controls; bloody bullets are everywhere; cute girls as challenging bosses — what else do you need?You can call this game “bullet hell cutelvania”: it’s cute, it’s metroidvania and you will meet a hell of a lot of bullets — almost every enemy will shoot (or cast) projectiles that you want to dodge, not meet. Regular enemies are not that hard to face (well, later in the game they will cause you trouble), but with bosses that “bullet hell” thing goes up to 11 and higher. Enemies (regular and bosses) look a little the same: cute girls, fairies, animals and… things. However, their attack patterns are unique and every boss battle is tense, unique and difficult.Gameplay: it is your metroidvania: you explore the giant world; you find bosses; you defeat bosses; you become friends with bosses; you find abilities that allow you to progress through blocked paths. Here is another twist: you can fight almost any boss in any order that you prefer. The game will set you quest marks on the map, but you may ignore them and freely explore other areas. You can also complete the quest without visiting marks.Story: bunny turns into a bunny-girl. Missing master’s little sister, Girl x Girl romance, bunny-obsession conspiracy and the search for hidden world defender successor. Yeah, the story is somewhat weird (in a good way), not that deep (in a bad way), a little bit clumsy, but interesting to follow nonetheless.Characters: My master’s little sister sometimes pretends that she is a tree. Which is lovely.P.S. For more hidden gems, follow the steamCRIMINALLY Low Salescurator."
,Recommended,400910,22088256,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,开局静步赛点保枪,Hard game. I like it.Erina so cute w
,Recommended,400910,30905822,Posted: 2 April,all,maldoror,Rabivania - Requiem For the Easter Bunny
76561198120598293,Recommended,400910,29455678,Posted: 23 January,all,Athis Sayl,"At first, I was unsure of this game, I didn't know what to expect.As I started to play, the story, the characters, and the sheer amusement of playing pulled me in.I'm sure I logged nearly 16 hours playing one day.I find this game truely fantastic, and I recommend it to anyone.Everyone loves bunnies!!"
,Recommended,400910,20830424,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,Naymes,"This game actually quite surprised me. Its great, really.What you get for your money quick and easy:+ A vast open World to explore+ Many clever/fun/intense boss Battles+ Cute Artwork/Graphics+ Smooth and especially satisfying (!) Gameplay+++ RADICAL Soundtrack! +++ Easily my favourite thing about the game!- Characters which are even more flat than the games Graphics- Not very creative dialogue/Story- Translation that feels kind of off here and thereAll all its a quirky platformer with high production quality. You should expect a game with great gameplay and a few fun jokes and lighthearted Story, but nothing too deep. If you don't mind half naked Bunnygirls/Fairies shooting/beating up stuff then this game will surely not disappoint.And on a personal note: It doesn't FEEL as weeb as it LOOKS. Its well worth the money and might even have been a classic back then. Most important might be that it doesn't take itself too seriously and neither should you.Edit: I have now finished the game and find my mind wandering back to it from time to time. I actually get really emotional listening to some of the OST, which i certainly didn't expect. While the dialogue (mostly the translation though) and story (well... its okay) is kind of lacking, the atmosphere is JUST right."
76561198054058264,Recommended,400910,25483600,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,happygiggi,"(Sorry for my bad english)Rabi-ribi is a metroidvania crossed with a lot of bullet hell bosses.When I saw the trailer, I fell like I needed to buy this game, and I'm not disappointed.The points is based on my point of view, don't take me as the only review to consider.Strongs points:long story (I needed 30 hours for getting the 100% completion without cheating).lot of bosses.good pixelart graphic. (If you don't like pixelart games, you're losing your time here).Lot of music, ranging from catchy to emotional music.A boss rush and speedrun mode, increasing slightly the replayability.The developper is caring a lot in this game for the community. You can feel the love of videogames.Weaks points:Not a game for everyone, I mean, you must love the pixelart, bullet hell and metroidvania, I don't think everybody will like the game as I did.Secondary characters aren't focused enough.The story can be a bit slow in some moments.I recommend a lot this game."
76561198024930612,Recommended,400910,23674491,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,violentstreak,"The bunny thing is dumb, but that fact is subject of a running joke through the game.  This is actually a seriously great metroidvania title.  The bullet hell elements  add to the awesomness.if you are a fan of metroidvania /igavania games: BUY THIS GAME**yes there are bunnies, get it anyway.  You will not regret it.****UDATE**Not only is the game awesome, but has been updated with some of the odd quirks fixed that the players asked for.  Stop reading reviews and buy it already."
,Recommended,400910,29668141,Posted: 3 February,all,Piña-tan,"Knowing is half the battle,the other half is violence."
,Recommended,400910,21405490,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,G01d3n,"RIbbon loves this game with a perfect combination of bullet hell, platforming, and visual novel aspects.The OST is amazing and Ribbon does not regret spending the extra $7 for it.Ribbon thinks you can guess who Ribbon's favorite character is in the game.Would buy sequel. 11/10."
,Recommended,400910,20904989,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,BlackLivesMAGA,"I'm not much of a fan of bullet hell games and I generally don't bother with Metroidvania games.But with that being said, I found this game, an interesting fusion of the two, to be immensely delightful, a sentiment I'm not exactly proud of sharing for a game with the tags anime, cute and nudity.But first impressions aside, the game is incredibly fun. I thought the price was too high and so bought it with the intention of refunding it after trying it out. I usually don't buy games until they're on sale for under $8 but ultimately I was content to pay double that.The game strikes a nice balance between the bullet hell and Metroidvania aspects and features a large explorable world with a non-linear gameplay. There are tons of great boss fights and you can fight most of them in any order you like. One of the best things about the game though might be its soundtrack. It's without a doubt one of the best I've ever heard. I liked it so much that I later purchased the soundtrack separately.If I had to say anything negative about the game it would be about its absurd and nonsensical story, but certainly no one came into this expecting a story rich game from one whose initial premise is a bunny being magically transformed into a bunny girl who then has to run away from furries and somehow end up trying to save the world. Still, the game would have naturally benefited from a better story. The dialogue is rather cringeworthy as well but fortunately none of this takes away from how fun the game is.Get the game for its fantastic gameplay and soundtrack (or maybe to fulfill your secret furry fetish)."
,Recommended,400910,20819286,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Protagonus,"I'm have really enjoyed this game so far!  The story  does a great job at setting up mystery in the beginning. Excellent integration of RPG aspects with the badges and leveling skills.  The story mode does a great job of explaining and breaking you in to the controls as well.   The fighting and animations really work smoothly and help to draw you into excitement.-The menu's, text sequences and even the fonts are very pleasing and look well polished.- Love the pixel animation on the characters, nice to see.-Excellent artwork and CG's!!-fighting and controls work well and smoothly.**Dev's mention (discussions) of Xbox control or ""JoyToKey"" for assistance with controller interfacing really helped!!!"
,Recommended,400910,21034732,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Aleth,"Note: Review is still valid and I finished the game.Okay, I think i just did like 20/30% of the entire game (It's a metroidvania, so there are lots of items and collectibles to buy/get in levels). But this game is really cool. The art style is pretty fun, don't mind the actually sexy kawaii girls if you're not into it, i'm talking about the general art style, it's pixel art and a pixel art done GOOD.If we're talking about the musics, i'd say the soundtrack is good, themes are fitting areas very well, and it goes from melancholia to comedy music. I actually really like how various is the soundtrack.Gameplay-wise, it plays very well. The game runs at 60 fps and the gameplay is smooth as butter. Erina can do some pretty good combos, jumps are easy to do, the fairy shooting elements are interesting and can be very useful in bossfights. Oh, and talking about bossfights, there are a LOT.I've heard that you can manage to beat the game in normal mode, in about 15/20 hours. But seriously, since this is a metroidvania + Bullet-Hell combined game (Like Touhouvania), I'd recommend you to play at least on hard difficulty (well, the harder difficulties are locked anyway until you finish the game).Added to this, you also have a Speedrun mode and Bossrush mode to unlock. You also have a galery if you wanna see the kawaii waifus in CG again, and a Soundtest if you wanna listen to the awesome soundtrack. Now, I kinda regret that I didn't pick up the bundle with the Original soundtrack, but since you can buy it as a DLC, it's no big deal.Enjoy cutieness, colorful graphics and smooth gameplay, I assure you that you'll enjoy this game, which is worth the actual price!"
,Recommended,400910,21318168,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,generał lepper,it's like undertale but good
76561198080211186,Recommended,400910,21520829,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,DaimonDante,"What can I say?  I'm in love with this game.  I've only had this game for two weeks and I'm already losing track of how many times I've played though it.  Meanwhile my $60 AAA titles are collecting dust on the shelf and I couldn't care less.  Moar bunnies plz.What I thought at first glance was just a fanservice title has impressed me at every turn and quickly became one of my all time favorite games.  In my eyes its success is owed to its focus on just a couple simple, but fun, concepts: you explore, collect items, and fight bosses.  This is no second-rate knockoff however -- this is a true Metroidvania/Touhou experience and I daresay even better than its predecessors from which it derives its inspiration.The exploration is clearly in the spirit of Metroidvania, and the game's non-linear story grants you a lot of freedom to tackle events in just about any order you wish.  I myself had such a blast exploring that I ended up clearing most of the game while still in the first chapter.  Boss encounters take after the Bullet Hell genre; if you are a fan of Touhou and the like you are in for a real treat.  Bullet patterns are original and fun to learn, and with the number of difficulties available to the player both novices and veterans alike will find a suitable challenge.The graphics are simple, but colorful and pleasant.  The soundtrack is incredible and does a stellar job of capturing whatever setting you may find yourself in -- it is more than worth the extra $5 or $6.  I found myself streaming it off YouTube whenever I wasn't playing the game and soon realized it was a must-buy.It's also worth noting that the developers are very active in the forums and are continuing to patch in new, free content.  Just recently they added 3 new bosses, how great is that?  It's obvious they love their game.And I love playing it.  Get this game!!!"
,Recommended,400910,22892551,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,taronin,"This game is a fun little hybrid.  Much of the time it's a 2D Metroidvania exploration game with dozens of upgrades scattered around a big 2D-platformer game world, and a (sequence-breakable) set of mobility upgrades that help you explore said world.  Sprinkled liberally throughout are boss fights wherein the game suddenly becomes a bullet-hell dodge-and-counter action game, complete with the genre-conformant unreasonably-tiny hitbox on your character to make it possible to dodge the crazy attack patterns many of the bosses can dish out.The plot is a bit ridiculous, but it's clearly just there for window-dressing, so I find that entirely forgivable.If you like both Metroidvania-style action-platformer games and bullet hells, this is the game for you. Buy it, now.If you like Metroidvania-style games but don't really feel like dodging bullet storms, you should probably buy this game anyway. Just play it on a lower difficulty setting; the main difference between difficulties is how many different attack patterns each boss gets."
,Recommended,400910,21566422,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Bunnikinz,This...Game...Is...Adorable...Its also really fun!! for anyone worrying whether this is just another half baked Metroidvania game dont be fooled! its really well made!
76561198015387199,Recommended,400910,21857764,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,runesong,"One of the best metroidvania games on Steam.  Period.Don't let its cutesy exterior fool you (although you are welcome to be charmed by it, should you possess the required good taste), this game has all the character progession, unlockable paths, and special moves you would expect in a top quality side scrolling exploration experience.   And better yet?  The numerous bullet hell boss battles keep the action exciting and fresh.Highly reccomended."
,Recommended,400910,29784611,Posted: 8 February,all,Arthur,Cute Bullet Hell/Touhouvania with anime girls.
76561198086237356,Recommended,400910,21238460,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,TheWassup9090,"I usually don't do reviews for anything because I tend to think my reviews are crappy and may or may not help anyone. On anything I do give a review on, I either really disliked it, or I absolutely loved it. In this case, I absolutely fell in love with this game.I'll try to keep this short: as of the time I am writing this review, I have only completed the game once on normal mode, cuz I honestly suck at bullet hells and I do plan on getting more achievements for it, maybe all of them. I'll start off by saying this about the game: the music is just amazing, I loved loved loved it. Bought the soundtrack and it was in Flac files so you may need a converter if you want to put them in an mp3 player. I don't know how to rate the gameplay, but I will say it was a lot of fun just exploring through the world and finding all the secrets it had. The boss battles were challenging but not to the point of frustration in normal mode, for me at least. The characters were really loveable, though some I do have trouble remembering since there are a lot of them and only some actually played a big part in the story. The story, at first I thought it was alright because I did not know there were extra chapters after the first credits. After actually finishing the game, I thought the story was pretty well made, with a nice shocking plot twist at the end.I shall stop there to keep this review as short as possible, and I do want to spread the word about this amazing game and I really hope there will be more in the future about these loveable characters, even a spinoff would be fine by me. Buy the game if you like bullet hells and/or platformers and/or cute bunnies that turned into humans bashing people with a hammer. Hope this review helped some people!"
,Recommended,400910,29014534,Posted: 4 January,all,Cookies,"like most weebs herei originally bought this game expecting some good fap materiallittle did i know that this was an actual good and fun game that was worth my time.remember kids, don't judge a game by it's cute 2D girls on the cover"
,Recommended,400910,27212480,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Lampenpam,"I bought this game with the expectation to get a hopefully overaverage plattformer with metroidvania elements and some brainless fanservice.And then I got the best Metroidvania game I have ever played. A huge open and very non-linear world with plenty of secrets spread around the place, made me explore much more than in any other Metroidvania before.In addition the game has a great soundtrack, cute and memorable characters, challanging bossfights with creative bullet-hell pattern, a nice witty story and plenty of bonus content coming from free DLCs and patches even 10 months after the game released!So against my expectations, this game became one of my favorite games of this year!"
,Recommended,400910,26233084,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Asagi Boogers,"It's like half bullet-hell, half metroidvania, and it just ♥♥♥♥ing works."
,Recommended,400910,33043919,Posted: 30 June,all,Ana,"Pro: Innovative metroidvania with bullet hell Touhou-style boss fights. Great chiptune music and expressive sprite work, intrictate and very challenging boss fights. Self aware humor that's subtle enough to be actually funny instead of in-your-face-meta parody such games usually devolve into.Con: The story suffers from both being very simple while being told in an overcomplicated manner and drowned in cutsey anime tropes. It doesn't really string the gameplay along since the game prides itself in being very non-linear and rewarding for speedruns and skillruns, so if story is your main motivation in a game, this will be the biggest stumbling block. A button to directly access the map would've been nice and so would've been an indication on it where you've seen an item but couldn't get it because you lacked the upgrade, as seen in most other metroidvania games to cut out tedious backtracking."
,Recommended,400910,20933086,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,MiloMini,"OMG i can't stop playing this gamethis game is really fun ( and cuteness overload )i love everything about this game ( story , toons , gameplay , artwork , bgm , etc )this is the perfect bullet-hell game i'm looking for ! ( i'm a fan of TOUHOU >w< )worth the buy ! and die from cuteness overload ~PS.this game made me start thinking about to pet some rabbits xD"
,Recommended,400910,23645881,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Phantom,"Great gameplay, great OST, great story, buy it even if you have not experience with bullet hells! With post-game story and now New Game+!TL;TR: This game is great!"
76561197962039322,Recommended,400910,28933014,Posted: 2 January,all,Gorge Express,bunny
76561198075825797,Recommended,400910,27743718,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Tiramie,"1. Take Hisoutensoku2. Make it into an open world rpg3. Make Udonge wear sexy bunny suit4. Improve the graphics5. EnjoyTotally worth its price, you'll regret not buying this."
76561198119534537,Recommended,400910,21481856,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Scopzy,"so good im not ashamed to play it in public. I often get questioned whilst i play it in class or in the cafe at school, usually during a questionable moment.10/10, would get accused of watching hentai in public again!"
,Recommended,400910,20828975,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,Aloshi,"Was expecting moe garbage, got a solid metroidvania with bullet hell bosses, really solid controls, and good game feel. The Cave Story x Touhou mashup I never knew I wanted."
,Recommended,400910,20813267,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Techim,"2 hours into this game and I've already found cameo / references to characters fromIs The Order A Rabbit anime series and Nekopara visual novel series. Really nice indie game, this Rabi Ribi.Edit: (months later after initial release)The developer and his team is one of the better (if not the best) ones around. Responsive to bug reports, uploading game patches as soon as possible, unexpected but nice updates (eg numbering the order of people you send to town, spike damage, new order of sequence breaking for a metroidvania, new paths, new achievements, free DLC, etc)."
,Recommended,400910,20842119,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,Alenonimo,"It's a pretty big metroidvania, with lots of exploration to do and lots of stuff to find.And it's drowning with fan service, for some reason."
,Recommended,400910,28626337,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Nomi,"The only ""bad"" thing about this game are the character sprites. They are a bit too low res. Perhaps the whole bunny girl gig and the backstory if you are not into that, but, from a playability point of view, it's a masterpiece of the genre, it's something MetroidVania fans have been craving for a long time. The game is extremely challenging, yet fair. This thing is a damn diamond. 10/10"
,Recommended,400910,30947293,Posted: 4 April,all,Jontaneous,"This review comes after a Hard Playthrough on Alternative Rule.Rabi Ribi is a Metroidvania style 2d platform game with a focus on Bullet Hell.  You play as Erina, a rabbit turned human, with her friend Ribbon the fairy, on a journey to discover why Erina became a human.The gameplay is incredibly fluid. Most of the bullet hell sections are found in the form of Boss Battles, of which there are tons. The premise of a boss fight is to usually learn their patterns and get better at them over multiple tries, although some will be easily conquerable in one attempt. Erina's hitbox is quite forgiving, but you'll still find yourself being hit over and over if you can't react fast enough. Bullet Hell is a very particular type of genre, one not everyone enjoys, but Rabi Ribi tries its best to be appealing to everyone by offering multiple game difficulties from the get go, from masochistic (for people like me), to, 'I'm just here for the 'story''.Combat itself is simple, you have your main attack, the hammer, which you use for the bulk of close combat damage andRibbon attacks using spells which are very useful for long range combat and keeping up a combo, Erina controls very tightly and very rarely will you take damage out of fault other than your own. There are a multitude of powerups that affect combat, and each makes combat more interesting and fun.The game, as a 2D platformer, of course offers ton to explore and discover. You can completely bypass some powerups in your first playthrough, and there are tons of upgrades hidden across the map, some in plain sight, others very well hidden. The game also offers multiple ways to play, such as speedruns, boss rushes, and 0% item runs.Rabi Ribi's main flaw is its story. Its very simple and, while that's not inherently a downside by itself, you won't find any grand tale in this game. It usually just comes down to 'we need helpers, go find some' do a plot point 'we need more helpers'. There are some good moments here and there, and an anime fan would definitely enjoy the entire thing, but its definitely not my cup of tea.As many others have said before me, do not judge this game before you have played it. The game looks like a girly anime game that should be written off before even being played, but if you're a fan of Metroidvania games like Shantae or Dust, or a fan of Bullet Hell games such as Touhou or Nuclear Throne, you'll find yourself enjoying Rabi Ribi a great bunch."
76561198060527161,Recommended,400910,23979867,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Sir Slush,"It's 2AM, and I got out of bed to write this review because I couldn't stop thinking about how GOOD this game actually is.Protip: I don't normally do that.For the TL;DR people: Rabi-Ribi is what you get when you combine a *true* metroidvania platformer with a deft touch of bullet hell and combo-based brawler, wrapped up in a fanservice-flavored anime shell. What makes Rabi-Ribi great is that it understands the heart of these genres, and provides the best of each experience without falling into any of their respective pitfalls.Because I want to get back to my soft, warm bed, I’ll finish the rest of this review in list form. I hope you understand.(+) The controls are tight and responsive. Characters somehow manage to strike an intuitive balance between floatiness and the immediate start-stop nature of older platformers, such as the original Mario or Metroid games, though it is heavily balanced toward the latter’s pinpoint accuracy.(+) Hitstun and knockback are minor enough to avoid notice or frustration, but can still provide a challenge in the right places.(+) A large variety of useful attacks means that combat is more dynamic and strategic than most platformers, and the main use for every attack is immediately obvious while the more nuanced applications trickle easily into the consciousness during bullet-hell bossfights.(+) The bullet-hell segments of the game (mostly the boss fights) are unique to each enemy, but all of their attack patterns are easy to learn while being difficult to successfully dodge.(+) The difficulty is nicely balanced, and can be adjusted to the player’s skill level. I have limited experience with true bullet-hell games, but was able to clear all of the boss segments on ‘normal’ difficulty with only a moderate number of deaths late into the game.(+) Secrets are hidden everywhere, and while some of them are immediately available, most of them will require back-tracking once the player has gained new attacks or mobility options. The game has the same sense of exploration as Metroid’s hunt for the power-ups, but doesn’t require the same ulcer-inducing level of perfection to reach them that Metroid did.(+) Each new area is interesting to look at, and makes you feel you’re exploring an entirely different area of the game. Part of this due to the amazing visual and aural variety, but another large (and often unnoticed) part is due to how the level design itself changes to suit every environment of the game.(+) The character animations are all unique, beautiful and clear in their intent and purpose.(+) The soundtrack nicely accents the game, without distracting from it.(?) The character designs are all fanservice-based. This can be good or bad depending on your preference, but I know I spent the first five hours of the game with my door locked out of embarrassment. After having played the game though, I would say they add more to the game’s unique charm and style than the embarrassment takes away.(?) The writing is filled with all the worst anime tropes, but it’s done intentionally and playfully. Again, it adds more to the game’s unique and cheerful style than it takes away.(-) The game does have a few performance issues, usually in areas where there’s a lot going on in the background. I only noticed this a couple of times during gameplay though, and it never slowed the game down more than 30%, so it was easily still playable.In closing, this game is not Metroid. Comparing this game to Metroid is like comparing Fallout: NV to Skyrim – they may have a lot of similarities in the engine, but that’s where the similarities end. It does, however, have everything that made Metroid great to begin with, and brings the difficulty down to a manageable level where a 100% run can feel like a reasonable challenge. The execution on this genre mish-mash is nearly flawless, and the developers' love for the game is apparent with every well-placed easter egg and nerdy reference. And the best part is that it takes only the cream from each genre, and blends them perfectly into its own style."
,Recommended,400910,29863296,Posted: 11 February,all,ファラデイ 「Faraday」,"This game is a great combination of metroidlike games and bullet hell.Boss battles are well designed and challenging. Controls may be a bit strange at first, but you'll get used to it very fast. The music is pretty cool.There are many difficulties to choose, so certainly you will find one that suits your taste.The story is silly, but I don't think a good story is needed for that type of game. Boss battles contain lots of flashing lights, so I can't recommend this game for people vulnerable to epileptic seizures.Recommended for:-Metroid/Castlevania fans-Bullet hell fans-Masochists-Lesbian bunny girls lovers"
76561198059740770,Recommended,400910,29670968,Posted: 3 February,all,Cocoa Chan,"You only gotta play a few minutes of this AND YOU ARE GONNA FALL IN LOVE WITH THOSE PYON PYON BUNNY GIRLS.It plays kinda like a touhou rpg just with cute bunny girls,animations and stuff is abosultely beautiful and the soundtracks are like hentai for your ears.Pls make more updates and DLC*s so this game keeps beeing alive !!!"
,Recommended,400910,23624771,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Gwynbleidd,"Bullet-hell in a metroidvania style.Range of difficulties for everyone, cast of cute characters, unforgettable soundtrack, and tight controls.Overall an amazing game."
,Recommended,400910,35196361,Posted: 24 September,all,Mizufluffy,"ProsDo you like rabbits? Fairies? Characters with animal ears? Cutesy art style? Lighthearted and a little bit silly story on the outside with darker themes on the inside? A variety of different personalities?If that didn't spark your interest then perhaps you are more interested in things like a great soundtrack, platforming and map exploration or bullet hell style boss battles? Those things I just listed are only a few reasons why I like this game.ConsThere is this one boss battle that makes the game run super slow in an environment where the main character is already slowed down on purpose. The problem is probably on my end though because I haven't really seen other players complaining about this.Aside from that I can't really think of anything else negative about the game.Story summaryYou play as Erina, a bunny who got transformed into a human for unknown reason while keeping her bunny like features such as bunny ears. Soon you meet Ribbon, a small fairy who acts as your companion and ranged attack. Your main goal is to find Miru, Rumi's sister, who has gone missing. To do this you must find magic users to power up a stone monument called Stele. To recruit helpers you must first persuade them in a form of a battle and trust me, they all find various excuses to have battles with you.DifficultyThere are plenty of different bosses each with their unique attack patterns and some are encountered more than once. The game offers plenty of challenge for both beginners and experts by having difficulty several difficulty settings from casual to novice, normal, hard, hell and bunny extinction (aka BEX) (+ more in Artbook DLC). At first hard and below difficulties are unlocked but hell and BEX must be unlocked by playing the game.I personally think normal is a good difficulty to start with. I wasn't sure if I was ready for it because I don't consider myself being good at bullet hell kind of games and I had heard this game was partly like that but I gave it a try anyway. In return I got plenty of challenge and I felt like I had really improved while playing the game which eventually led me trying it on harder difficulty. If you feel like you've chosen the wrong difficulty to start with then there is an NPC early in the game who can change the difficulty of your game.Something to keep on mind is that bosses' levels scale with your progress so the more you do in the game the higher level they get. They also know what items you already have and use attacks that are possible for you to dodge. A good example of this is that in the beginning Erina can't jump very high so the bosses with attacks that you must jump over can't be higher than your maximum jump height.Replay valueI started the game on normal and have played it through on that difficulty including the main game, post game, special bosses after the post game and all the current DLC content (halloween and 'Is the order a DLC?'). On hard difficulty I've cleared both the main game and post game. Now you might ask does the game have other replay value than just harder difficulties. In my opinion yes, it has.First of all it offers NG+ option that you can access within the game after you've cleared the post game. Secondly it unlocks speedrun mode once you clear the post game for the first time. In speedrun mode it cuts cutscenes and story stuff, it also shows you spent time, map exploration % and collected items % making it useful if you want to do a 0% items playthrough. There are also plenty of Steam achievements that requires you to play the game several times and in different ways.Clearing the post game also unlocks boss rush if you are into that kind of thing. It uses Erina & Ribbon from the save file you choose to give you the items and consumables you've collected.Replay value - AchievementsThis game is non-linear in the sense that you can do bosses in which order you want and some achievements requires you to defeat some of them before others. This might sound easy and simple but it is actually quite challenging when you have to figure out how to skip some bosses and making you to take a long way around. It might sound tedious and boring, and I can agree to some extend, but it does teach you a great deal about how different parts in the map are connected. It can also give you ""I never would have thought about that!"" kind of experiences when you realize things that you completely overlooked on your first playthrough.Replay value - 0% itemsI mentioned 0% items playthrough a moment ago. Yes, while there are many items in the game and finding them is part of the fun, none of them are actually required to beat the game. On my 0% items playthrough I've cleared both the main game and the post game and even on casual difficulty it gave me plenty of challenge. It's definitely not something you should try as your first playthrough but it's good to keep it on mind something like that exists.DLCSoundtrackArtbookCicini's Halloween!Is the order a DLC?DLC - SoundtrackI don't have any real complaints about the soundtrack. The game has great music and there are several songs I like. One of my favorites from the soundtrack is 'The Truth Never Spoken'. Overall many of the map area related songs and boss battle themes are very good and fit well for when they are used.DLC - ArtbookThe interesting thing about this DLC is that it actually contains some playable content and not just the artbook itself. I haven't fully explored all of it yet but some of it includes a few short (but challenging) mission type of battles, 'Impossible' difficulty and, if I recall correctly, boss rushes as another characters other than the one from the main game. Those were just a few that I could think of right now.DLC - Cicini's Halloween!A free DLC which includes a new area to explore and a fun boss battle with two bosses at once. You can even choose to have it as mildly intense or incredibly intense. You also earn a costume as a reward for defeating the halloween boss.DLC - Is the order a DLC?Gives two new chapters with new areas to explore and boss battles to fight and extends story (and backstory) from the game. It has a heavy emphasis on difficult platforming but boss battles are quite enjoyable too. In short it has exactly what makes Rabi-Ribi such a great game. If you already like Rabi-Ribi after playing through the main game and the post game then I can recommend this, otherwise it's not something you absolutely must play unless you are a completionist.Other things I'd like to point outSome players might wonder if the game has a lot of fanservice. I'd say it has and it doesn't have. It depends on where you put the line. If you check the screenshots on the store page you should see Ribbon, a small fairy, who doesn't wear much clothing. If small fairies wearing little clothing doesn't bother you then you are probably fine with the rest. There is also one CG that I've seen raising questions but in my opinion it is more about the POV you want to see it as rather than the content of the CG itself.Aside from clothing and a CG there is some dialogue, either direct or something you can read between lines, that can be slightly suggestive but whenever it takes more direct approact there is a black screen leaving everything to your imagination. Considering how you can skip cutscenes and story sections with a button and the real selling point of the game is actually solid good platforming with bullet hell bosses rather than fanservice in any form, I'd say anyone who wants to play this game purely for the gameplay but is concerned about fanservice should still give it a try.TLDRIn my opinion it's a great game with good DLC and worth the price."
76561198035814354,Recommended,400910,22767912,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Flames Within Black Feathers,"Sometimes a non-Japanese game with anime art is a cheap, painfully clichèd romp that's either a shopping list of whatever people remember from a couple episodes of Ranma 1/2 or the same exact kind of v-novel Japanese devs made 20 years ago except crappier. And sometimes, instead, it's a stylistic choice in the scope of telling your own story.With the former kind cluttering up Greenlight and the Steam Store you would be led to believe Rabi-Ribi is no different, but it's instead very much the latter. It's a lot more skilfully put together than one might think at first blush, except maybe for the kind of threadbare character concepts here and there.To put briefly, it's a Metroidvania type game with bullet hell elements (though a lot more forgiving than the genre's standard) and a huge map with a lot to see and do. Overall, you do get your money's worth out of this, so go ahead and try it without fear."
,Recommended,400910,20882735,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Koa-chan~♥,Bunbunbunbunbun
,Recommended,400910,25049919,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,DevScarlet,"Gameplay (9/10)-very great gameplay and replayability-Perfect game for bullethell, rpg, and metroidvania loverMusic (10/10)-""eargasm""Bunnygirl (11/10)Overall (20/10)-It's really worth the price-You won't get this kind of game anywhere-A really care developer-Cocoa :3"
,Recommended,400910,31987924,Posted: 26 May,all,Kaoru,"This game is absolutely amazing.  I thought I would get tired of it after my first playthrough, but I've managed to put HOURS AND HOURS into this game.  There's a ton of replayability in this game.  I never tire of the cute characters and the challenging yet rewarding fights.  If a bullet hell, waifu collecting, metroidvania platform style game sounds appealing to you then this game is definitely worth your money."
,Recommended,400910,22757543,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Midnight Tea,"Definitely check this one out, regardless of whether you like the ""anime"" style or not. If you do however, I can promise fellow fans of the style that Rabi-Ribi is not gaudy, superficial and insubstantial like many of those games can be.It's got serious meat and substance, playing like a perfect hybrid of Metroidvania, Touhou/Bullet Hell (for the bosses) and a non-linear structure like VVVVVV.  The story also is really cute and they make beautiful use of visuals and UI. On top of all that? The game is surprisingly long. It's one of the biggest indie Metroidvania-style games I'd played, in terms of area and upgrade pickups.Wholehearted recommendation."
,Recommended,400910,32880605,Posted: 27 June,all,jisang415,"fun, heartwarming, challenging bullethell castlevania gamehaving cute girls are also a plus"
,Recommended,400910,26250225,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Vesper,"Don't judge the book by its cover, the game has awesome gameplay."
,Recommended,400910,20845555,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Labrys,Metroidvania bullethell shooter with bunny girls.  What's there not to like?
76561197982853347,Recommended,400910,21513729,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Woodman,"If you like Castlevania, but wished it had WAY more cute anime girls THEN LOOK NO FURTHER!Rabi Ribi is a a Metroidvania with cuteness turned up to 1,000,000,000.My only real complaints are that the controls can be kida quirky...not sloppy or bad, just quirky, and it seems a little too easy (at least so far). So, if you like Metroidvanias and/or Anine-styled games definetly give this a go.tl;dr - Game Good, Play Game."
,Recommended,400910,29929871,Posted: 14 February,all,Seki O'Banki,"I had a healthy ""woah I like rabbits lol"" mood.Playing this game has made me go into full obsession ""I NEED A RABBIT          lol""joking(not joking) aside; the game it's hard but fair, full bullet hell, I raged but I loved it, finished it and will probably keep replaying it.Oh and the music it's 10/10I totally recommend it."
,Recommended,400910,21352042,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Yoori,"Let me start of by saying this game definitely deserves theOverwhelming Positiverating it has. I will be honest, I wasn't expecting too much from it, in my mind I was thinking it was going to be another Metroidvania type game that I would be able to drop after beating it once, but I was completely wrong, this game has a lot to offer than can easily keep me glued for much longer. I will go as far to say this is one of the best Metroidvania games I have played and easily in my top 5 of games I've played on Steam. The developers really went above and beyond with this game and I thoroughly enjoy this game as do others.- The graphics are simple and clean, which is never bad, not everything has to be ""top of the line"" especially for a Metroidvania/bullet hell game, and this game matches it perfectly. The artwork added in, whether the sprites, background or CG was done phenomenally. None of the art seems dull at all. I've played a lot of Metroidvania games and there have been a few where the colours just made a certain level, if not the overall game seem dull. Be that the characters or the background. This isn't an issue in Rabi-Ribi. The colours blend perfectly for the characters and the background of levels, and in my opinion, that's what a huge factor that keeps a game alive where you don't start to get bored, which the developers and artists nailed perfectly.- Smooth controls and mechanics. Definitely one of the better games that have smooth controls and mechanics, in which I had no problem learning what I needed to.- Music is spectacular and beautiful, there's a lot of music in here which matches the levels, bosses and generally what's going. The composers who worked on this OST know what they're doing and how to truly bring something more alive, solely through music, and that has high respect. There's not too many games out there where I feel that the composer(s) can actually make a game feel more enjoyable and alive, through the music. These composers made that happen and I'm glad a soundtrack was included with the game (quick note, you unlock the soundtrack after beating the game on hard mode.)- There's a lot of characters to meet, even the regular NPCs that don't really do much except give you tips or just random words. The main characters have their own personality which further adds to the story and character development.- Easter eggs / references. I noticed quite a few in here, which I always like to find. From Megaman, to Mario, to Nekopara and to Metroid (I think we all remember something like this near the end of Metroid Zero Missionhttp://i.imgur.com/JiwjFQI.jpg) I'm sure there's plenty more in here, subtle references I may not have gotten or seen, because it may be from a game/TV show I have never seen.- There is a lot to do gameplay wise, story wise and achievement wise (you guys keep adding new achievements with updates and I'll forever love you for that.) They honestly went all out for this game. You can follow how to story should go or you can mess the order up of things by utilizing secret abilities and finding hidden areas, which gives you a lot more freedom to the game. The story is great and a little on the long side for your first play through while you're still adventuring and figuring the whole game out. Items are scattered out in obvious and hidden places, just like any true Metroidvania game should be, and there's a lot of items to collect. The Bullet Hell tag might be a little off putting to some people, but please don't jump ahead and think the game is almost all bullet hell. Boss fights are the only place where you will find true bullet hell, and in boss fights is where they go at it with bullet hell, some of which are actually a challenge. This game is pretty casual on the lower settings, however it does offer a challenge. The bosses level up naturally as you get further and by what items you have. I started on the Novice setting and there were a few bosses that actually made me sit and think that I can't just go in attacking and instead have to actually take it slow and worry about dodging instead of attacking all the time. The achievements on here have a nice amount to earn and they are pretty creative in terms of names and how to get them, which is going to personally keep me glued to it longer, and a lot of these, are going to be a challenge, which I'm looking forward to achieving. Speed running, no damage boss fights and other achievements that utilize how you can change the order of the events like mentioned above. One thing that I love, is I have never been so under-prepared for a final boss fight in my life. I went in there with health items to restore health and that was a ride. I'm not going to say too much about it, but I definitely wasn't ready at all, and that made it so much better because of how much I underestimated the final boss would be. Whoever can get the achievement for beating that boss without getting hit 3 times (thank you developers for not making it no damage at all) truly is something else, that just looks like one of the bigger achievement challenges I've seen in a while and it's going to kill me getting that, but one day I will.- The developers honestly seem like they care about their community, which is rather refreshing. They seem active in the discussion forums, so much so to release patches when there's bugs and even go out of their way to help people when they can, when a player is having an issue with the game or playing the game. They're creative with their update titles instead of the generic ""update/version 1"" like you will normally see.-Bunny.Overall, this game is something definitely worth trying. Great gameplay, beautiful soundtrack, outstanding artwork, characters with their own little world of personalities, developers who are active and listen, loads of achievements to work for. I would definitely recommend you give this game a try if you enjoy Metroidvania, platformer, bullet hell, Anime type games or even if it's just something new you want to try out. I'm not disappointed with this game at all, I haven't run into any troubles with and I'm overall impressed with everything about the game. I don't know if DLC is a possibility in the future, but if so, I honestly look forward to it.Everyone who worked on Rabi-Ribi, great job on creating this masterpiece!"
,Recommended,400910,33796080,Posted: 25 July,all,☾ Patchouli Knowledge ☾,Cute girls in cute swimsuits andmany attempts to kill yet another boss. Now get this wonderful game.
76561198025148070,Recommended,400910,20906861,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,EclipsedHusky,"THIS! This is the sort of 2d metroidvania genre we should be getting!Blending a fun mixture of 2d platforming, shooting with magic, and your mighty Piko hammer! You are a bunny turned girl adventuring across the lands to find your owner (master). Once you find your owner though you need to find your fellow bunny that your owner also has!Tons of bosses. The bosses are a mixture of bullet hell, and traditional old school platformer bosses.If you enjoyed games like megaman. MegamanZX. MegamanZero. Super Metroid. Castlevania. You'll more than likely enjoy this lovely little hit.Along with bosses is a combo system. More damage you do to the boss while not getting hit, the stronger you get! E-D-C-B-A-S-SS-SSS and MAX. D gives 5% damage up to all of your attacks. Every rank above that gives another 5% up to 40 if you're in the MAX combo meter. Getting hit only removes a single rank of your combo.Also the game has double jump so basically GOTY for me.Pros.Fast paced combat and adventuring.Easy to learn, low curve of learning your own skills leaving you have fun challenging the bosses.LOTS of bosses!Almost all of the characters in the game are animal people like nekomatas. ALL FEMALES TOO!Nice, cute pixel graphics.Cons.Some bosses could use a tiny bit more tells.Some bosses have attacks that mildly blend into tile sets in their arena.A tiny bit too much dialog here and there. But all is skippable!"
,Recommended,400910,20828971,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,凉凉夜色为你思念成盒,萌萌萌！买买买！提示：1.墙角用萝卜炸一下或者无聊扔一个萝卜会有额外收获。2.新手第一次商店最好买到妖精绿色技能，回血的还是最好的！最后：我在电脑房有一个地方卡关出不去，必须要有下滑铲，然而那时候我并没有，导致出不去了，只能load回去，希望能更新啊！支持支持支持！
,Recommended,400910,27752394,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,「Genha Kizarov」,"If you like metroidvania and/or bullet hell games with great music and gameplay, do yourself a favor and buy (and play) this game."
,Recommended,400910,20814441,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Jchoco,"A skill based pixelated platform game with great graphics, soundtracks, diverse fighting techniques, kawaiiness, and bunny. Even you might die a lot at some point, but the game will gave you buffs to make the battle a little easier.I'm using PC to play this, and I need to get used to all of the controls to get gud--but overall the game is not bad. :)(I won't say it has a rich storyline though, the main point of this game is more about fighting and finding easter eggs--you could buy it if this is your type of game!)*2016 update"
,Not Recommended,400910,24944706,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,bp,"I want to like this game, but I can't. The setting is lovely. The mechanics are lovely. The exploration is lovely. The levels are lovely. The controls are lovely. The first ten hours are also lovely. Wonderful stuff, very well made, please let's have more of that.Unfortunately, it's what in between that's rotten.After the first six or so hours, the game starts slowing down until it feels like a glorified boss rush: really long boss fights, one right after the other, each boss getting harder much faster than you can improve as a player. Worse, they're not necessarily hard because they are HARD, they are hard because every boss has eleventy bajillion hitpoints, and each subsequent boss has that much more. The difficulty curve seems to be out of control.This is not the kind of hard that is fun -- not for me, anyway. Fun hard is nailing a really hard 10 second long level in Super Meat Boy. Tough as nails, but it's 10 seconds. ""Can you execute flawlessly for even just 10 seconds? How hard can it be?"", SMB taunts you. Fifty tries later, you finally deliver.Rabi Ribi is more like ""final boss on hard is 15 minutes long,"" quoting another commenter who no doubt knows everything about reverse wall jump ground smashed zero range double charged rainbow attacks of doom. Fifty times ten seconds later, you're probably still in your second try.So each boss takes a bunch of tries to nail, and maybe you didn't work twelve hours today and you have the mental fortitude to go do just that. But as you go through this necessary learning process, the game grows increasingly desperate with you. ""Go buy items,"" it suggests. ""Use your invincibility orbs,"" it begs. ""Oh my god please forgive me and take those free buffs,"" it cries, knowing full well what it has done.In a way, it reminds me favourably of One Way Heroics, which also tried to cheer you on and give you helpful advice after every run, while celebrating every single thing you did right. On the other hand, it also misses the point spectacularly.I don't know about you, but to me, personally, a fifteen minute endurance test is not fun. You can accept the buffs on your third death in a row, but that's not fun. You can drop to the lowest difficulty level, but that's not fun. You can backtrack to buy health recovery items and some timed buffs before every boss fight, but that's not fun. There are a few good spots to grind EN to afford all that, but that's not fun. It's just doesn't feel right, and it is just not fun.You could give me a mode where I can one-shot all bosses, and guess what? It would just not be fun.No amount of aids dispels the nagging feeling in the back of your head that there will be a time when you'll have taken all of those aids, and you still won't be able to make it, because the developer put one zero too many in a file somewhere, and that'll probably be it.While I should be careful about what I wish for, I'd much rather be playing much harder bosses with one tenth or less of the health each.Momodora 4 takes many of the same elements as Rabi Ribi does and makes a much better game out of them IMVHO - metroidvania explore-a-thon with lots of enemies and bullets and dodging and bosses and stamina bars et caetera. Maybe not as charmy and definitely a lot edgier. And yet, its difficulty curve worked out really well for me: I always felt challenged, but never overwhelmed. That game only has half the difficulty levels, and you don't get to have a lot of the optional hand holding Rabi Ribi desperately offers, and it might not have any Secret Techniques, but that's because you just don't need them.That said, while I endeavour to still finish the game (and I reserve the right to change my mind as I go along), I must now prepare myself to face the least fun part of all:dealing with high and mighty people going all ""git gut"" on others.I wonder if Rabi Ribi will offer to delete this review for me?_______Some other reviewers made negative remarks about the cutscenes, but that's just factually incorrect. Hold Y to fast forward or hit Back to skip the entire scene; that's explained to you in the very first piece of tutorial, right after ""hit A to jump""."
,Recommended,400910,31938603,Posted: 24 May,all,Straylize Er'ther,"It's basically when castlevania meets touhou (no I didn't say anything about touhouvania here), but with a hammer instead of a whip, and combos!I'll just go straight to the pros cons of this game,just like my other reviews.pros:+ challenging, yet fun at the same time, I died a lot in this game but it's still fun to play.+ open world system, which the thing that remind me of castlevania (especially SoTN and Sorrow series).+ the musics are awesome, I regret that I didn't buy the UPRPRC edition instead, but I'll going to buy the rest of the DLC as soon as I have enough money for it or maybe when it's going on sale.+ cute artworks and pixel art.+ they have donut as a consumable item.cons:- none, I love this game, this game can be frustrating at times but you know you'll get into this game again eventually.and also I just want to say, I'm not a hardcore gamer, more like a casual gamer, but I can finish touhou on lunatic mode, but when I play this game, I died so many times when I fought harder bosses in this game, even on normal mode, so don't expect if this game would be easy for you unless you're a hardcore gamer or someone who just love challenges."
,Recommended,400910,20840214,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,Andu,"First game I've seen to merge bullet-hell, metroidvania, and anime. Solid controls, tough gameplay even on lower difficulties, good artwork in addition to the great pixel graphics, great music (though slightly repetitive). I only have a few minor gripes with the gameplay in that it can get slightly confusing as to where to go (but that's most likely due to it being a metroidvania-style game), and a few other things like (as of the time of writing) no d-pad support, and if you have more than one monitor sometimes it uses one monitor over the other and switches monitors mid-session.8/10, definitely solid game, but it could be fantastic with a few minor tweaks.Only God can just my life choices now."
76561198013027885,Recommended,400910,21368020,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,JayPi,"Solid, cute, well polished, and challeging game that isn't lewd tryhard weeb trash, the music, the gameplay, the graphics, the characters they're actually all quite decent and if you can get past the sorta silly plot and the underdressed characters (Like wearing a bikini in a snow region) , you'll find yourself playing quite a deep game that's well worth the price of admission."
76561198013160248,Recommended,400910,21328431,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Muffin Princess,"At first glance this game may seem like just simple pixel platforming game with fan service. It is so much more than just thatRabi-Ribi is a fantastic metroidvania+bullethell game with cute visuals and lovely music. There's a little fan service but it's not its biggest focus.In this game you navigate a bunny girl named Erina through maze-like enviroments where you have to expand your map by exploring.Erina carries a pico hammer as her weapon and her little fairy follower named Ribbon, assists her with her ranged magic attacks. On your quest you'll learn various skills, that will help you reach new areas, bosses and secret rooms, which may give you useful power ups to make Erina stronger.Backtracking is neccessary, but this is one of the few kinds of games where backtracking is actually fun and rewarding.Remember that ledge that was too high up to reach the last time you were here? Not a problem anymore. We can jump higher now.How about this power up that seems to be stuck in the wall since the very beginning of the game? Just blow the wall up with your new ability to drop bombs then and pick it up.The bosses in this game can be pretty tough. This is not an easy game.Like mentioned before, there are bullet hell elements in this game, so careful and precise movement may be needed to dodge many of the Bosses' attacks.Luckily, the game's controls are pretty good and there are many difficulty settings to choose from.Just don't be over confident when you choose difficulty, as you cannot change it without starting over from the beginning.By modern standards, ""easy"" difficulty in this game would be considered ""normal"" or possibly higher if it was in any other game.Hard means HARD. And let's not mention the two difficulty steps above that.This game has a lot of content, a big world to explore and a lot of replay value. Expect to get at least 20+ hours out of this game, possibly even on just a single run.If you were to find everything in the game and 100% it and it's main game, post-game, and post-post-game, along with doing boss rushes etc, you'll likely get a triple digit number of hours.Pros:*Fun exploration*Satisfying boss battles*Good controls*Nice music*Cute visualsCons:*The story is mostly nonsense (which I personally don't mind)"
,Recommended,400910,24465075,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Icefireball,"A very nice game! Perfect for 2D jump and run and bullet hell fans. It also have a huge and open map with many secrets :3  This game includes also different modes like speedrun or bossrush. Awesome music and a well thought visual novel are included! DLC´s are for a extra boss, missions and a wonderful artwork!"
76561198139649516,Recommended,400910,22837259,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Crylik,Crazy & addicting gameplay with beatiful soundtrack. Well done!
,Recommended,400910,22578920,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Moloch Konspirator,"This game is Touhou if it was a platformer. It's really long, lot's of spellcards, well worth the 20 bucks.This game does have some problems, like unreactable spells, NO INPUT BUFFERS, and a map that could be more informative"
,Recommended,400910,22862989,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Gray Tiamat187,"As a devout fan of bullet hells(Touhou, Nuclear Throne, etc.), combat-based platformers(Cave Story, Metroid, Castlevania, etc.), and non-linear/exploration based games, I highly recommend Rabi-Ribi to any player looking for a challenge.However, and this may sound bad, this isnotfor a casual player.I repeat, casual players, stay away.My reason for saying this is simple; unless you wish to throw out any difficulty in the game and not feel any pride in your victories, you're going to want to play on Normal at the very lowest when you first play(I was debating between Normal and Hard but eventually cursed myself with Hard mode, which had me stuck on a boss for over 4 hours).I did make an alternative save file with Casual and another with Easy, just to see how much more difficult Hard mode was, and it definitely lives up to its name.Hard mode is difficult, and there are still two difficulties I haven't unocked yet. However, let's get off of this.Gameplay:The gameplay in this title is absolutely solid. Normal enemies do get kind of boring at times(though, if you're not carefu;, they can get you), but the bosses are the absolute peak of hell. I have spent 4 hours fightingVanilla(a reference to Nekopara, which is also published by Sekkai Project)and still enjoyed it. By the end of the game, you will have a large amount of unique techniques for fighting, my particular favorite so far being the Bunny Strike(Down+Z+C on my keyboard).Now, the fights are not the only major part of the gameplay. Exploration is just as, if not more, important in its own way. The game is extremely non-linear, though it may not seem like that at first. For instance, there was one miniboss I accidentally skipped over just by running around and finding a secret passageway. I found a way to temporarily bypass the boss that gave me so many troubles and get more health, this only being possible due to a wall that wasn't really a wall and the Hidden Tech: Reverse Wall Jump.Oh, yes, there are hidden moves you can discover. My personal favorite is Reverse Wall Jump, but I'll let y'all discover them on your own(or use a guide, but that's cheating).10/10 on gameplayStory:The story is nothing great, especially when 90% of it seems to be skippable(not even joking. There's a legitimate achievement for skipping what sees like a major plot point). Basically, you're a bunny named Erina that get transported and turned into a human in, of course, the highly provocative bunny suit(this is even made fun of by another character later in with the phrase ""I know less clothing means better armor, but...""). Later, you meet a fairy named Ribbon, blah, blah, blah...4/10 on story, may change it later on if it gets betterAesthetic/Graphics:Let me first give you all a disclaimer; I am an anime fan, but I'm not one for excessive fanservice(which Sekkai Project games seem to have quite often). This game, on the other hand, doesn't quite pronounce it the way many animes and anime styled games do(such as the Hyperdimension Neptunia series by Compile Heart, which literally has one character Thunder♥♥♥♥♥♥on a regular basis). While it certainly is present(I mean, just look at the picture on the page), it is, by no means thrown into your face at every possible interval, and I appreciate that. As for the graphics, the dialogue is presented in the typical visual novel form, which is kind of bland, but is okay when well done, such as in this title. The characters are all well-drawn, no two characters really seeming like they're clones of each other in terms of design(except for normal enemies, but they're literally clones of each other). The overworld appearance is a very different discussion, and this part is what made me first take notice of the game; it has pixel graphics, but unlike many pixilized games, you don't feel as though you're character is completely different from everything else in the game(such as with Cave Story. I hate insulting CS-it is my favorite game, after all-but I do have that major gripe with it). The overworld sprites are all well done, but many characters' overworld sprites really won't be memorable(especially the non-URPRPC enemies(by URPRPC, I'm not referring to the collector's edition of the game)). Overall, the game is aesthetically pleasing.8/10 could be improvedMusic:I don't play games with sound, so no opinion here.Overall Rating:I highly recommend this game if you want a challenge, but before you buy it, I would first suggest playing any Touhou game(they are free and can be found here -http://www.vocaloidotaku.net/?/topic/201-touhou-game-downloads/- I personally suggest number 13, but that's just my preference) and Cave Story(free oncavestory.org, or you can buy Cave Story + on Steam(though there really isn't enough of a difference to constitute the $10 price tag). If you enjoy those two games and want a game filled with secrets, this game is definitely for you.8.5/10 glad I found this game"
76561198066711200,Recommended,400910,20922972,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Arwooohhh,"1. It is 2D graphic game, not the best of graphic but cute animations and character designs are great.2. Good story plot and this gameplay reminds me of tomba where you need to collect gears to unlock or obtain stuffs.3. Worth the time worth the money.4. So far, have not encountered any bugs or glitches. Pretty decent game.5. Spent 6 hours on the game or so. Really cheerful background music."
,Recommended,400910,24367254,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Fine Fellow,"If you don't like bullet hell exploration games, turn away now. If you don't mind them or like them, keep on reading.Rabi-Ribi is a cute little bullet hell game that rarely prevents you from exploring parts of the game. The only time this really occurs is when the area you are trying to access is important to later events. But I digress. Exploration is often rewarded with items and badges which enhance stats. The story is interesting, a bit difficult to understand at first, but you will inevitably learn down the road. The roads of your adventure are paved with bosses. This is where the main bullet hell aspect comes in. Bosses are difficult. It may take you a couple of tries to learn the moves a boss may use against you, but you still have to find open frames where you can attack the boss without putting yourself into (too much) danger. Overall, It's a very well done game.If you like story, dodging projectiles left and right, and good gameplay, you've come to the right place. Oh, and good luck. You'll need it."
,Recommended,400910,34943572,Posted: 13 September,all,ZeldaIsBestGirl,I recommend. though. some areas are just frustrating for me  - like those laser things underwater that almost deal 1hit to me (I'm on hard mode) and some of the areas design is just... ugh. overall ; great game :D must buy
,Recommended,400910,29686341,Posted: 3 February,all,♫RL Link,"Having spent a long while deciding whether to get this game or not I finally caved in during the Winter Sale and bought it after reading a few reviews. My first thought process was that the game's artwork looked really offputting so I typically just decided to pass, especially since I'm not a fan of bullet hells in general. To this day I'm still regretting the decision not buying this game sooner, it's fantastic.Some of the boss fights in this game has been some of the most fun I've had in a long while, particularly with the post game bosses (namely the last one). I simply cannot recommend this game enough. Plus the music is really enjoyable to listen to which makes fighting bosses repeatedly not as bad as it normally would be.Getting no damage achievements is hell. Ten atta ten."
,Recommended,400910,23246685,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Maestro Kenteko,"Five parts metroivania, five parts bullet hell, ten parts fanservice is the simple formula for Rabi-Ribi. Possessing an almost quaint and innocent charm, Rabi-Ribi tells the story of a bunny turned into a girl in a world populated (almost) entirely by females. Explore a fairly large map, just about the size of one of the castles of Symphony of the Night, and revel in a game that allows you to do any and all things: Including beating the game without getting items!At its core, Rabi-Ribi is a celebration of the classic Metroidvania item turned on its head. Taking many conventional platforming and exploration tropes, Rabi-Ribi is first and foremost more akin to a bullet hell then a bog standard Metroidvania. This distinction creates a very different feel then most of the genre, as it's focus is as much on dodging as it is on getting things done. Bosses are scalar, meaning that all exploring will do is reward you with a larger toolkit. This may be a mark on it, but the beauty of the game and its focus on non linear gameplay ensures that any boss can be a challenge regardless of the items at your disposal.Character wise, the main focus is on Erina (the rabbit girl) and her companion Ribbon. Much of the characterization comes from how she and Ribbon interact with a large cast of diverse characters (granted, all scantily clad women) but slowly creates and shows the feeling of a specific character. While the story is arguably minor, it's much more appropriate to label this as a ""slice of life"" or ""character driven"" game, even though there is an overarching goal. Many NPCs have non romantic relationships with other NPCs and, barring one pair who are all but a couple (plus a succubus), there is an overall sense of celebrating a friendship. The art style of the game reinforces a large amount of the writing, with very cute and endearing chibi sprites mixed in with the very fanservice oriented portraits. Each character has a different feel simply due to their costume and interactions, along with their sprites and the writing.In terms of replayability, the game excels. There are many differing ways to go at the game, from a speedrun driven mode to the aforementioned no item run to the throw caution to the wind and completely break the story of the game run. Assisting the freedom of exploration is the fact that many base moves are able to be done out of the box, instead requiring different tricks which reward those looking for a challenge. Because of this, and incredibly strong level design, you have a game where you can access virtually everywhere with a minimal amount of skills, truly testing your exploration skills (barring the use of a guide).All in all, Rabi-Ribi is a delighful interpretation of a fairly beloved genre. If you prefer a more dodge focused or ""dance"" kind of gameplay in your Metroidvania, or just want to enjoy a cute and fun story and all the fanservice it brings, pick this game up. The DLC even allows you to do one of the modes, boss run, with other characters! Definitely worthwhile and enjoyable for fans of the genre and just as worthwhile for those looking to break into it!"
,Recommended,400910,22285462,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Slashley,"Hmm. I'm quite torn should I give this game a thumbs up or thumbs down.Well, let's start with categorizing the game: It's a mix of Metroidvania and Bullet Hell during bosses.The first complaint: A good Metroidvania gives you the illusion of freedom, while actually pushing you into one direction for your next upgrade which will then unlock the next area and so on. A good Metroidvania will flow beautifully from one area to the next.Rabi-Ribi fails at this COMPLETELY. The game is mostly open... except when it goes ""NO SAMUS, you're not AUTHORIZED to use the Varia Suit in this hot area!""Because yes, that happens on numerous occasions in this game. Instead of limiting your path with obstacles which you can't clear with your current gear, the game just goes ""We can't go there!""These are reduced a lot after Chapter 1, but a couple of such places remain even afterwards. I find this baffling. If you want to keep an area off-limits due to plot reasons, why not just put a clearly fake wall there instead? And when it is plot time, a simple cutscene can open it up. That's a lot less frustrating than walking in an empty corridor only to have the game go ""Ha ha, NO! Go elsewhere!""Anyway. The game world is also very vast, which brings forth a major issue: You can easily - and I mean EASILY - get really, REALLY frustrated at how you can't go into places or get items because of your lack of upgrades. And you have NO idea where these upgrades are. So you just keep running and running and running and you see small holes you just can't fit into over and over and clearly you're SUPPOSED to have that item by now but you don't but you still don't run out of places to explore and you keep going and going and graAAAHHHH!!Seriously, it is really, really annoying. A good Metroidvania would ""lock"" you into an area until you find the upgrade you need to proceed. This game, past Chapter 1, doesn't do that. You can just keep exploring and exploring and exploring and never find what you're looking for. Hmm, actually, that endless exploration doesn't sound like a bad thing, but trust me. It is.This is further made worse by the near-USELESS map. A good Metroidvania, when you run into something you can't access yet, will mark it on your map. Either with an icon or with a clear lack of a wall on your map. This game? You come into a room from below. You can clearly see that there's an exit to the left, but you can't clear the obstacle. Okay, fair enough. There's clearly a path upwards, but you can't reach that. Okay, fair enough. Proceed to the right. What does the map say about the previous room? NOTHING. It's JUST A SQUARE, with no indication that the room connects to left and up as well. Later, when you get a jumping upgrade for example, you go ""hmm, where was that room again..."" and YOU CAN'T FIND IT. Since the map DOESN'T FREAKING TELL YOU.So yeah, the Metroidvania portion of the game is largely made out of fail. What about Bullet Hells then?Well, the game doesn't tell you where your hitbox is. Obviously, over a long course of time, you'll get a grasp of where it is, but... WHY NOT JUST TELL THE PLAYER?! Also, the precision movement button is the same as your attack button, which has a couple of frames of attack swing animation... why not allow this to be bound to a key with no other function? And why does this precision movement not apply when you're jumping? Because you WILL need to jump a lot, this isn't a game where you have 8 directional movement available.There is a ton of bosses and they are highly varied and unique, each with a TON of different attack patterns. That part is certainly well made.The bosses past the first few are pretty darn difficult though, so unless you're good at Bullet Hells, you don't really have any business outside of Casual difficulty. Speaking of difficulties, the game offers Casual, Normal, Hard, Hell and Bunny Extinction. If you're the type of player who likes to challenge themselves and feels good about finally beating a boss after hours of banging your head on it, well, Rabi-Ribi certainly has you covered. I'm not part of that crowd at all though, so the bosses are just frustrating for me. Thank god for CheatEngine.Honourable design mention about difficulty though... if you die to a boss three times, the game asks if you'd like help. If you say yes, you'll get Halo Boost, granting you -25% damage taken, faster ""invulnerability"" bomb regen and HP leech. Combined with your pattern experience from those failed attempts, you'll probably beat the boss with ease. The biggest problem is this buff only lasts for a couple of minutes. You'll probably end up with it expiring around 25% boss health, with you at full health (thanks to life leech)... just in time for the boss to unleash their final patterns. Obviously, that tends to be the hardest point of the fight, but at full health you might be fine. And if you're not fine? Attempts 6 and 7 will give you Halo Boost level 2 and 8+ will give you level 3. Level 3 lasts for a VERY LONG TIME and gives MASSIVE buffs, so you shouldn't have any issues with any boss in the game. I give big props to the devs for including a mechanic like this in the game - it stops players from getting stuck at a boss and let's them progress even if they're bad. Oh, and Halo Boost is not available on Hard or above so don't expect to get carried through on any difficulty.So... after all that complaining, why am I giving the game a thumbs up? I'm... not sure. But, I do enjoy playing the game a lot (even if I need to load up CheatEngine and find the Health value every single time, I can't be arsed to die to a boss several times for clearing them). There is a couple of good things I should mention:Once you've cleared the game and know where the items are, the Metroidvania fail aspect is greatly diminished. Even further if you've stumbled across the ""secret techniques"" in the first playthrough. These allow you a lot more mobility, and are required if you're going to do a 0% item run. I won't tell them here because... well, if you get used to them, you'll skip a lot. Remember how I said how a good Metroidvania locks you into an area until you find the item to progress? Well, that actually happens in Rabi-Ribi... but ONLY in certain, confined areas. If you know the secret techniques, you can completely skip these actually well designed areas and miss out on vital items. Heck, I did a 0% run and I got so used to using the secret techniques that... well. The first item I went for in a new game was the item which allows you to go into small holes. So, I cleared the area and started to progress in the game and... wait, I can't go into the small holes? But I JUST cleared that ar- oh wait. I was so used to 0% run tactics that I had entirely skipped the segment where that item is. So I had to backtrack to actually get the item I purposedly went after, but had skipped anyway. Yeah, I facepalmed pretty hard after that.The game has received a ton of after-launch support from the devs. During the first launch week, the game was updated almost hourly. Bugfixes, new achievements, balance tweaks, performance upgrades. Even months after release, the game is still receiving frequent updates. Actual new content has been fairly sparse, but some include full 0% run (I believe original game only supported half-way 0% run, changing that required a LOT of effort for sure) and three post-game bosses (who absolutely ridiculously hard).The soundtrack of the game is pretty damn amazing.tl;dr; version: A game which is certainly more oriented to the type of people who like Dark Souls types of challenging games, but can be really fun for others as well. The game has some glaring design issues (Metroidvania segments not leading you towards your next required item, massively flawed map, not being able to turn off items after you collect them) but... it can still be a fun."
,Recommended,400910,28826321,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Loli,"Rabi-Ribi is a fantastic game, and I would recommend it to both the weebs who hate metroidvania platformer bullethells as well as the normies who love the genre. If you're a weeb who loves Metroidvania bullethells then this game should already be in your library.Pros:-Huge map loaded with secrets and collectibles in true metroidvania style-Slick controls and combat that provides a real sense of impact-Large selection of difficulty settings to cater to all players-Fantastic OST-Quality pixel art, animations and CGs-Dialogue filled with innuendo-Bunny (catgirls all the time can get boring)-2DCons:-Controls are a bit hard to get used to on keyboard, but they are fully remappable-Parts of the game can be really frustrating but that's comes with any platformer or bullethell-Meh story"
76561198034135988,Recommended,400910,25482958,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Zor Magus,"One of the best games I've played in the last few years.Don't let the cutesy artwork fool you, this game is hard!This game makes me think back to the old NES/SNES days.Fantastic gameplay, cute/fun graphics, multiple attacks,open world exploration (for the most part), and a great soundtrackmake this my favorite game this year.9.5/10 easily!To sum it up, it's a Metroid game where Samus was a bunny thatwas turned into a human.Get this game now!"
76561198052342705,Recommended,400910,20840691,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,Irisu Syndrome,"Rabi-Ribi is an imaginative re-telling of Samus Returns, in which Sonic does battle with the forces of Dr. Wahwee within the confines of Castle Frankenberry. Liam Neeson guest stars as Kevin Mask for the final showdown with Mantaro Kinniku (played by Christian Bale) for the heart of Gotham City.Pros:-Samus wears a bunny costume like in Castlevania 1 without needing a cheat code.-Your R-Type's force device is now a fairy.-You do not need to change R-Types to use different forces - the fairy does it all.-About 5 hours into the game and I haven't already beaten it (take that Metal Gear Solid 3!).-Multiple patterns per health percentage on bosses so the AI has a chance to mix things up on you slightly, unlike the more static Toehoe.-Men only exist in some god awful evil dimension where life can't be solved by violence with a hammer.-Damage numbers do not reach beyond two digits like in Vanilla WoW. Pandaland fans, sorry.Tradeoffs:-The cast of enemies is goofy and rated E for Everyone, but this is balanced out by the usage of scantily clad females as bosses.-Adam's storytelling disrupts immersion, but it can be skipped thank god.Cons:-Upgrade/skill design is somewhere on a Megaman 3 level when we're already playing Megaman 12.-If you're not a fan of dodging bullet spam, you might want to buy a different game.-15 cards per badge, really? I don't care how cute they are.-No sign of Dobkeratops and I'm already four hours into the game.-Due to budget constraints the 15.7-bit graphics of Super Metroid were downgraded to 8-bit for this game.-I'm 15 minutes into trying to write a review and Liam Neesonstillhasn't killed anyone.-Kevin Mask Jr. wins that fight in the manga.================TL;DR - It's a fun game reminiscient of all the good times platformers gave you in the NES~SNES days. The pricetag might seem a bit hefty, but it's done well enough to justify it.That and I paid how much for 1.8 hours played in Skyrim?"
76561197995352047,Recommended,400910,21440096,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Ehtna,"/)_/)( .  .)C("") ("")"
76561198055319340,Recommended,400910,21206692,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,[AJM]AlphaElite2,"This game is really really awesome !FIrst of all a huge  compliment to the developers. They are very active in the Steam forums and answer your questions very fast!- Cute and lovely characters- incredible OST. Honestly, each Track of the OST is an earworm and fits perfectly to the location- a lot of Bossfights- Open World- In my opinion an interesting story- smooth gameplayI would recommend this game to everyone. It would be a shame if you would  miss this experience"
76561198065744510,Recommended,400910,20988526,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Kahikina,"Bunny girls?  Yeah, yeah whatever.  I'm here for the Metroidvania and I am not disappointed.  (Not saying I hate the bunny girls though).EDIT: After playing a little more.  If you like Metroidvania games at all, then do yourself a favor and buy this game now.  The soundtrack is amazing as well imo."
,Recommended,400910,22709837,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,MasterLeoTheInvincible,I am not a weeaboo !https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TBfWKmRFTjM
,Recommended,400910,21410832,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Orange Pekoe,"The gameplay for this game top quilty as any 2D platform game that out there but this game magical in its own way and has won me over with amount fun that 2D game can be.Check list:Bunny GirlBeautiful soundtracks through the gameplayeach area has different tracksKawaii charactersKawaii graphicsStory is strongAwesome gameplayside characters have good story about themLewdness is strong with plot ^.^Controls for the game is easy to understand, I had changes controls around for my play style10/10 gameBunny girls everywhere far as I can seeFairies are love and helpful"
,Recommended,400910,20865182,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,AlexSSZ,"Gameplay elements from the original Metroid, coupled with bullet hell for boss fights and a cute anime theme based storyline. That's what I'd tell to someone who asked me what this game is about.Also, you play as a bunnygirl (female protagonist bonus points!)"
,Recommended,400910,29998321,Posted: 17 February,all,Vanilla,Its one of the best 2d platform games I have played its awesome!I'll suggest to use a controller though its impossible to play whit a keyboard imo
,Recommended,400910,21252901,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Joey Asagiri,"A fantastic metroidvania starring a cute bunny girl and a lot of challenging bosses.If you like either metroidvanias or bullet hells you will almost certainly love Rabi-Ribi, there is tons of replayability and if you like a challenge you will be able to find a lot of it here, the hardest difficulty you can start the game at (Hard difficulty) is already very challenging even for veterans of the genre, and it still has two more unlockable difficulties you can unlock after that.Tons of achievements also means that completionists will be able to sink their teeth into this game for well over 100+ hours, on top of the fact that the developers are constantly adding more content to the game with free updates."
76561198082526183,Recommended,400910,30503106,Posted: 13 March,all,KazehimeX267,"As a fan of the Metroidvania games and a fan of Metroid itself, this was by far one of the best games I've ever played.I mean, just imagine playing a Metroidvania game, and it's a bullet hell at the same time. It's pretty much this game right here and not only is it fun and challenging, the art is adorable and all of the characters are awesome despite when you face some of them on Bunny Extinction mode, you just wanna throw your controller or your keyboard right at the screen (especially the Special Bosses). To also up the wow factor of this game, the soundtrack of Rabi-Ribi is just all excellent and it's worth buying the OST with this game. And even though the story seems like a usual cutsey girls doing kawaii stuff, it's actually fairly interesting of a plot. Can't say much about it without spoiling it either than you're a bunny girl named Erina who picks up a PIKO hammer and smacks all the adorable beings to smitherines with a magical fairy named Ribbon who shoots magic for you.All-in-all, this game is really fun and highly recommended to those who want to be a bunny girl and smack cute things in the face."
,Recommended,400910,21299170,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,OtakuBrony,"I'm highly into 2D platforming video games so I decided to buy this on day 1 and don't regret a thing. Bullet hell games are usually, well, hell to me, but I can somewhat handle it and gotten a lot better the more I played it. It has plenty of content in the game and is worth the price with the amazing soundtrack."
,Recommended,400910,29057707,Posted: 6 January,all,❤ A Slayer of teh Hydras ❤,"The most interesting idea for a game I've seen in a while. It's basically a bullet hell with cute animal girls with 3 diffrent types of progression. Grinding, which gives you energy (Which you need a lot of) and levels up your attacks, exploration, which gives you upgrades for HP, types of attacks, that sort of thing, like Super Metroid, and badges, like in Paper Mario (One of the first 2.), and boss battles, for story progress.TL;DR Version: Super Metroid x Paper Mario x QP Shooting (Or whatever shmup you play.) is a good. 11/10.Yup, I just did that. Just like the game does.STL;DR Version: I liked it. A lot.P.S.: Sequence breaking is fun.Edit: Ok, grinding doesn't increase your attacks after a bit of playing, but you still need to do it for energy and yummy cake."
,Recommended,400910,21390021,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,Arcade,"The game is incredibly fun and also incredibly rage inducing. That's my type of game.  I've only done normal runs but the game gives off incredible replayability vibes. Once I'm done playing postgame i'm definitely going to venture to the hardest difficulty and smash my computer in induced rage.Music is great! Nothing fantastic but something you can bob your head to when you're weeabooing out.I got nothing much else to say. If you're into memorizing crazy patterns and failing 1000 times until you manage to dodge everything then this game is for you. Also its a metroidvania, who doesn't like a metroidvania-type-game?"
76561198072182182,Recommended,400910,23524131,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Zeebrax the Astral Lifejacket,"This game is really hard and really weird!  I think it's great, but whether you do will depend on your affinity for super-difficult boss battles and how much you enjoy (or at least are not offended by) manga damsels of themoepersuasion.  Know that your player-character is a bunny girl in a sexy outfit.  Still interested?  Well, I guess you got pastthatfilter, you degenerate nerd!Upon first glance, most people will probably takeRabi-Ribito be some kind oferoge, but there isn't any nudity (period, so don't bother looking for an uncensor patch).  There is, however, tons of cartoon cheesecake, as Rabi-Ribi island is entirely populated by cute young girls -- and as you might surmise, the lesbian overtones are pretty thick.  I wouldn't play it in public or around relatives; the potential for embarrassing queries is sky-high!On to the most important part:  the gameplay!  The framework of the game is metroidvania; you collect items, explore, fight lesser enemies on nearly every screen, and level up.  If sequence breaking is your bag (I don't care for it personally), this game encourages it outright, even spawning springs and stepping stones to help you reach ""later"" levels if it detects that you are purposefully doing things out of order.  The platforming is enjoyable and relaxing; I never ran into a gauntlet of pitfalls or spikes that made me cry out in wordless rage.Sounds pretty easy, right?  Well it is, until you reach any of the game's 35+ bosses and the difficulty smashes through the roof!  Every boss fills the screen with curtains of glowing bullets, and you've got to navigate your character so that her chest (wherein lies her hitbox) stays clear while her neotenous, scantily clad fairy pal lays down return fire.  Every boss must have about a dozen different attack patterns, so any one of them may keep you retrying again, and again, and again . . . and AGAIN!  I took a masochistic pleasure in this, but I understand that there are some who don't get their kicks from having blushing manga chicks repeatedly flagellate them with strings of brightly colored plasma beads.  And yes, I did cry out in wordless rage during the boss battles, and how!There's only one thing I didn't like about the game:  the endless dialog.  These crazyyurigirls don't know how to say anything short 'n' sweet, so if you are in the least interested in narrative happenings, prepare to wade through barrage after barrage of maddeningly circuitous prattle that is strangely comparable to the bullet bombardments of the merciless bosses.Rabi-Ribiis very long, and on top of that, it's polished; I don't think you'll run into any bugs no matter how long you play.  Its bosses make for the hardest ""normal"" mode I've ever seen, but I like it like that!  If you're in the market for bullet hell platforming punishment, and you're not bothered by a bit of (potentially uncomfortable) cartoon sexiness, I don't think you can do much better.  I will definitely pick up the inevitable sequel (but I sure hope that Crespirit learns a little about condensing dialog before then)!"
,Recommended,400910,29711141,Posted: 4 February,all,GloryFish,"No seriously, it's a fun metroidvania game with challenging bullet hell boss battes."
,Recommended,400910,29778251,Posted: 8 February,all,Thunderbreak11,"Bunny, Cat, Demon, Plant, Water, Idol, Fairy, Human and Virtual Girls-WHAT MORE COULD YOU WANT!"
,Recommended,400910,24138662,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Nene Sakura,"Bunny girls here and bullets over there. Great music, art and story!Also... who wouldn't like that GochiUsa reference achievement anyway? Irisu looks like Sharo too 10/10"
,Recommended,400910,22818606,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Vertigo Loli,"Super awesome game!Abit wierd story but a great gameplay!Its a nice platformer, surely great fights and really many visuals!"
,Recommended,400910,23036350,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,~Neptune~,"If you think this game is only about fanservice, you're sadly mistaken. This is a metroidvania staring a bunny girl and a fairy. With a somewhat light-hearted story, a massive world to explore, multiple difficulties to unlock and play, and a multitude of boss fights to try out and enjoy, Rabi Ribi is a game that can give you hours of fun for a good price. The artstyle the game uses is quite nice and cute; as are the characters themselves.Though, also take note that the game is also part 2D platfrmer and bullet hell. Believe me, it can get just as ridiculous as Touhou at some later points. And that's not even getting into some of the higher difficulties.. Though, you don't technically ever need to play them if you don't want to; they are completely optional after all.I bought this game on a whim really, and I've greatly enjoyed my time playing it. Over 100 hours, and I've gotten all the achievements for the game. Do wish this game was a little better well known; it's a well-crafted and well put together game, and for such a nice price too! I'd heavily recommend this game if you're into Metroidvana games, or just games that star cute protagonists; trust me, you won't regret it. ...Hopefully."
,Recommended,400910,28297251,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Moose Chevrons,"When I purchased this game, I had high expectations despite the relatively low playerbase. Not a lot of games on steam have ""Overwhelmingly Positive"" steam reviews, and this is one of them. Despite this, it still surpassed my expectations, and I ended up playing it for the entirety of the weekend I purchased it on(sadly burning myself out on it fairly quickly). Strong boss fights with a great OST makes this a great game, without even getting into exploration and speedruns."
,Recommended,400910,28110510,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,The Ravioli Ranger™,Metroidvania + bullet hell + cute characters = fun gameplay & disappointed parents.10/10
,Recommended,400910,20837489,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,Percursor074,"Cute girls, metroidvania and bullet hellJOIN UPRPRCtime flies so fast playing this"
76561198159957404,Recommended,400910,20841471,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,P-Funk,"I've played about a quarter of Rabi-Ribi at this point and it actually is a pretty well done Metroidvania. There's a lot of area to explore, there's a ton of upgrades, and the combat is pretty on point. The only real issue I have with this game is that the inane story about bunnies kinda makes me want to blow my brains out. It just doesn't stop and it's so very dumb."
76561198108441988,Recommended,400910,34195187,Posted: 12 August,all,nooblet,Playing this game gives me more than enough salt for a lifetime.
76561198103428452,Recommended,400910,24679583,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,HakuSan,"Rabi-Ribi is 2.5D side scolling bullet hell rpg with lot of Hngggggggg materialGameplay : starting you will only got a hammer to fight with enemy but of courseyou will got an upgrade while keep playing . First you feel will like HOW THE F__K to beat the boss that throw alot of bullet hell to you but when you win or walk around explore the map you will feel the progress of characterAlso the stage/map design is very very genius. There are some place that you can't go to in the first place but when you got more movement enhance (jump,dash ,bla bla etc) you can explore moreMusic : 🎵🎵🎵🎵🎵🎵🎵🎵🎵🎵🎵🎵🎵🎵🎵🎵🎵Enioy every moment in this game . Calm,happy  music in menu | energetic,excited,cute music in explore | inspired,epic ,awesome music in boss fight.Theme : bunny girls, fairy,succubus,shy girl, tsudere mage, happy bear twins, lovely cat twins , energetic mermaid,cat girlSwimming suit and lot moreFrom all above this game got 10/10Suggest :any players that are not familiar with bullet hell game should start on normal (should be fairly challenge to make you enjoy the game that boring novice)Ps. This game has speed run featurePs2. Sorry for my english . I could explain my passion for this game better if my english skill is better that this ; w ;Ps3. Better purchase this game with artbook ( either than custom face,expression of each character in game it also containmini boss, some stage, some playable character that didnt make into the game for you to try)"
,Recommended,400910,21862703,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Crystal,I played this with a controller.Starts Bunny Extinction Mode.I need a new controller.
,Recommended,400910,20844312,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,radda,"Reminds me of Metroid, one of my favorite game franchises of all time! i recommend if you're a big fan of Metroid as well! (or have a weird obsesion with bunny girls)"
,Recommended,400910,20836958,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,A r t e s,A game for those with fast reflexes or good memory. It's like a moe version of megaman mixed with touhou and quite a challenge as the game progresses.Pros:- Cute graphics and characters.- Lots of exploration and hidden items.- Few hidden techniques.- Different ways to defeat opponents.- Challenging as game goes on and harder difficulties.- Non linear- Storywise it's interestingCons:- Frustrating when it gets too challenging (welcome to bullet hells).- Getting 100% map completition can be quite a pain.
,Recommended,400910,20958998,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,SHABAYUM,"It's a fighting game, a metroid game, and a bullet hell wrapped in a curiously fun creepy kinky anime package."
,Recommended,400910,25956814,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Peebee,"Rabi-Ribi is a great game with cute girls, especially the protagonist a beautiful rabbit girl. :3It has a great art on maps and also the characters as we see the creation of all the DLC Artbook, DLC can also choose the expression on the faces of beautiful girls <3, among other things... The graphics are well done for a game simple 2D boss has magical effects as a Touhou game which makes it a more frantic and very challenging to be quick to avoid the shots and taking any damage not to mention that it is addictive and super beautiful to see, it also contains a large playlist for those who like this style (I love), including DLC Soundtrack initially does not come with all the songs to listen to on the menu will have to play and explore all the maps and then unlock all the songs one by one . I have not finished the whole game yet, but by the time I've played seems to be very long and so far the story its so cool.Super recommend the game with DLC, worth have it in the library.11/10Sorry my bad english. :c"
,Recommended,400910,25107608,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Lolixir,Fun and sometimes difficult game. Gotta say I love the soundeffects!I recommend
,Recommended,400910,20821421,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,ｓｕｒａｓｈｕ,"First of all, I have to get this out of the way: this game has awesome soundtrack and the boss battle visuals are superb!Couple that with the cute characters and seemingly slow and relaxed pace of the story makes you think it's pretty easy to play. The boss battles, however, get challenging and fast-paced over time. It's a great pick-me-up game to play on your down times.So far the game itself is very solid and feels pretty polished! I'm glad to say I haven't encountered a single bug. And controlling Erina (the character) feels very responsive. I can say without doubt that the developer put effort into making the game run at a very stable manner on day 1.I may edit this review at a later time as I experience the game more but as of currently. It's a very solid day 1 release without any apparent bugs. It's a shame larger AAA companies fail to produce fully functional games nowadays without requiring subsequent patches.I got the UPRPRC Edition to support the devs more and to encourage more games like this. Am eagerly waiting for the digital art book too!If I'm to nitpick on things it lacks, it's support for the d-pad in the controller and the lack of a dialogue text log to view previous conversations. But aside from that, I can't really think of anything else to say to NOT recommend this.UPDATE: 2016-01-29 10:06pm GMT+8There was a point in the game awhile ago where I thought I was stuck for good since there's no visible way get out of the place I was at and I had no way to pass through the small passageway so I asked on the forums first before editing my review to reflect on it. Apparently there was a hidden pathway that I seem to have not noticed so take that as you will."
,Recommended,400910,32910306,Posted: 27 June,all,SuperFluffyCouchSnake,What's not to love? cute characters and fun gameplay with bullethell like bosses that really keep you on your toes.
,Recommended,400910,24225357,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,imacookie🍪[眠い],Touhou with gravity
,Recommended,400910,20917191,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,「K」owata Makoto,"Reminds me about Looney Tunes on my old Sega Genenis Console.But it's more than that.A bunny that transformed into cute bunny girl and journey the world to find helper for her master's sister.It may just re-run game to the event, but i bet you want to clear all the maps. Yes! It's so huge!Good story, nice gameplay, and nice bgm.10/10 Saya wants you to notice her!!"
76561198000808477,Recommended,400910,21040652,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Yuri Deluxe,"A competently made cutesy Igavania that partially sells itself on lesbian subtext while constantly reassuring the audience ""Don't worry it's not really like that."" The game is still incredibly cute, and it is fun to play, but if you yourself are a lesbian it can be rather disheartening to have your sexual identity treated as a light-hearted joke and not an actual possibility for the characters themselves. Also there's a gross fanservicey bit with a bunch of skeevy otaku and a bit where the game trivializes a girl sexually assaulting the protagonist as not a big deal."
,Recommended,400910,20873411,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,LS* | Headpat,"Note: I suck at reviewing... Eh.Rabi-Ribi~!After playing for around 4 hours, here's some first impressions:Pros:-Solid platforming and controls. They're pretty tight enough so that you have to be just precise enough to properly move around and dodge the projectiles and other attacks. You're also not super-slow, so not a lot of tedium in traversing.-Combat. Aside from the dodging and stuff, fighting is pretty cool. Button mashing won't get you anywhere since there's both a stamina meter and a mana meter which you definitely need to control properly to optimize damage and spacing against bosses and other foes. Also, there's a lot of different magic types to switch around for different situations, such as straight-line, AoE, etc.-Soundtrack. Seriously. When it's cutesy and lighthearted, it fits. When it's a kick-hindquarters bossfight, it fits. And it does change depending on the area.-The Metroidvania Feel. Large, explorable areas with some places you can't reach until you get a certain upgrade. Finding secrets is also pretty fun and rewarding. There's also Warps, so you don't necessarily have to waste a ton of time backtracking. However, some warps can only be found if you look around closely enough.-Bossfights. Pretty much like a Touhou boss. Instead of shoot, dodge, and graze, it's shoot, melee, dodge and it feels more dynamic than just watching pretty bullets fly around and hope you don't get hit and die. Also, the bosses have ""spellcards"" and their movesets change depending on how much HP they have. Pretty cool.Neutral/Cons?:-Artstyle. Some people may not like the cutesy, pixelated, animu, fanservicey look of it all, but it's not too bad and overboard. Game doesn't exactly take itself seriously, either.-Story. At this point, it's not super-engaging to me, but I guess curiosity did get to me since there is a lot of mystery going around in the background. Not sure if I like it or not, though.-Difficulty. Well, it's a bullet hell-ish game. I've heard from others that Novice is too easy so I went with Normal. It's a nice blend of difficulty, but it's a bit frustrating. I guess I just have to ""git gud?""-Unexpected Bosses. To be honest, there -are- savepoints nearby which kind of indicate when a boss is going to happen, but sometimes there isn't and the closest warp is pretty far so you can't prepare very well. Kinda sucks, especially when you just want to progress through an area. I do like it to an extent since it changes up the walk through path, dodge and kill enemies formula a bit.Impressions Verdict?8.5/10.Solid platformer, with that good tinge of difficulty that makes you frustrated but ends up being a thing that makes you try harder and keep going. Price seems to be a little steep, but I didn't find it to be too much for the enjoyment I'm getting.Still, try getting it on a sale.Very fun, definitely a recommendation in my book."
,Recommended,400910,20815458,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Randu The Rabbit,"I murdered countless baby ducklings, marshmallow bunnies, female animal cosplayers, bees, and other unknown creatures; all with the help of my giant red hammer. I even managed to befriend a fairy. But what I was not prepared for, was the high platforms that were just out of the reach of my newly transformed human legs.10/10 would try to bunny hop as a human again."
76561198089342056,Recommended,400910,21000757,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Mscoutt,█▀▀ㅤ █ ㅤ █ㅤ █ㅤ █ㅤ▀▀█▀▀ㅤㅤ█ㅤ █ㅤ █▀▀▄▀▀█ㅤ█▀▀█ㅤ █ㅤ █ㅤ ㅤ █ㅤㅤㅤ █ ㅤ █ㅤ █ ㅤ █▀▀▀ㅤ▀ ㅤ▀ㅤ ▀▀▀▀ㅤㅤ ▀ㅤㅤ ㅤ ▀▀▀▀ㅤ █▀▀ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ▄▀▀▄ㅤ█▀▀▄ㅤ █▀▀▄ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ█▄▄█ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ█ㅤ █ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤ█▄▄▀─────███────██──────████───███────────████──███─────────████─█████████████──██████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████─────█████████████████────────██████████──█───────────█████──────────────████──────────────█────────▄███████▄██───███▄▄──▄▄███──────▄██$█████$██▄██──█▀───▀███────█───▄██$█████████$██▄██──█───█──██───█─█──█$█████████████$███──█──────██─────█──███████████████████──██────██▀█───█─────██████████████─█───██████──▀████───────███████████──────────────────█───────█████████─────────────▀▀████──────███████████────────────────█▀──────██───████▀─▀█────────────────▀█──────█─────▀█▀───█──▄▄▄▄▄▄▄────────██────█───████▀───██─█████████████────▀█──█───███▀──▄▄██─█▀██▀██▀████▀█████▀──█───██████▀─▀█─█────────█▄─────────██───████▀───██─██▄████▄──██────────██───██──▄▄▄██──██▄▄▄▄▄██▀─────────██──█████▀───█─────────███────────███████▄────███────────███████─────█████████████───────▄██████████████████████████████─██████████████████─────────██████████████────────███████████───────█████──────████─────████ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ▀▀█▀▀ㅤ█▀▀█ㅤ█ㅤ▄█ㅤ█▀▀ㅤㅤ ㅤㅤ ㅤ ㅤㅤ█ ㅤㅤ█▄▄█ㅤ█▀▀▄ ㅤ█▀▀ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ▀ㅤ ㅤ▀ㅤ ▀ㅤ▀ㅤㅤ▀ㅤ▀▀▀█▀▄▀█ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤ ㅤ█▀▄▀█ ▄▀▀▄ █▀▀▄ █▀▀ █ ㅤ █ㅤ██─▀─█ㅤ█▄▄█ㅤㅤ █─▀─█ █ ㅤ █ █ ㅤ █ █▀▀ █▄▄█ㅤ██ㅤㅤ █ㅤ▄▄▄█ㅤ ㅤ█ㅤㅤ█ ─▀▀ ─ ▀ ㅤ ▀ ▀▀▀ ▄▄▄█ㅤ▄
,Recommended,400910,22366398,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Wild Matsu (無法松),"Really good Metroidvania/Bullet Hell. It's long, too, and filled to the brim with content; I put 24 hours into it just beating the main story, and there's lots of postgame as well. It's designed to be replayed, speedrunned, sequence broken, and completed with 0% items. The ""artbook"" is in fact also a game and contains hours of playable deleted content. The game has hundreds of achievements, including one for beating each boss without taking damage, and the bosses are all carefully designed that this is totally doable. I'm not a huge Bullet Hell fan and I managed to force my way through Normal Mode, which is pretty challenging in and of itself.The bosses scale with your ""level"", which is actually the number of items you have. Level scaling is usually done wrong, but here it is implemented correctly, and adds to the game. Though bosses get stronger when you pick up items, they grow slower than you do, so it's still worthwhile to go collect items if you're struggling with a boss. This makes it so clearing the game with 0% is not impossible, but clearing the game with 100% is not trivial, either. This means Rabi-Ribi has very good game balance, despite the existence of hidden items all over the place usually wrecking the balance in Metroidvanias.If this game has any drawbacks, it's the character designs—every named character in this game is a beautiful anime girl, most of them dressed provocatively. I might have appreciated it in my teenage years, but I'm at a point in my life where it's a turnoff. I don't want to be seen playing this game (which is why I went offline on Steam every time I did) because I don't want to explain, oh no no, it's actually a really good game (even though it is). Of course, if you DO like anime girls, I recommend this game without reservation. You'll love it through and through.There's a few other minor annoyances, but nothing worth complaining too hard about."
,Recommended,400910,21842338,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,ZomgItsSoup,Its alright
,Recommended,400910,22153894,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Zonnery,cute pj 10/10Bunny everywhereexcellent game has great difficulty
76561198114499835,Recommended,400910,21977018,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,Suisuisei,"Nice controls, lots of area to explore, challenging boss fight, bunnies, fake bunnies,fairies, cat girls, succubus, weird organization that wants to *Omitted* you, this game has it allI see a lot of refference to other anime and game. I see what you did there devs, and i love it !Also, i can't believe how smooth the game is after the recent patch. Great work devs!Worth every bunny shekels-------------Please make a cat girls sequel next :)"
,Recommended,400910,23843604,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,IceyBreeze,"What one at first sight would think is just another VN is actually A really solid and secret filled metroidvania, definetely worth checking out"
,Recommended,400910,33439756,Posted: 10 July,all,Lokser,Rabi-Ribi is easily one of the best games I've played. It's well worth it's price. I've played it for over 40 hours and have beaten it twice and I don't regret the time spent. Will definetely beat it few more times in the future.10/10
,Recommended,400910,24377693,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Hypothetical STD,"Easily one of the best games i've ever played. now, i will admit that i played this 'off-steam' for my first playthrough, but it absolutely enamored me. I'd recommend this to pretty much everyone. an absolutely excellent metroidvania-esque game.with cute girls.I bought the uprprc edition.10/10 game, would play again. and i probably will.Irisu/Miru best girls."
,Recommended,400910,33130513,Posted: 2 July,all,PurpleHeart,There is not many games that amaze me but wow wow wow this game is so cute and adorable that its the only game ive spent the most time on the past week! this game is a bullet hell game with anime fans in mind. this has got to be the best gift i ever recieved - i love it so much even better that me and a friend will help each other when we get stuck on things seeing as we did things the opposite away. i highly recommend this game
76561197997558287,Recommended,400910,28019916,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Noîr,"Pros-Simple yet Fun-Tons of variety boss skill (really interesting)-Story is abit childish,but still interesting-Multi Language-Good character design-Rabbit (?)-Addictive-Hard and Challenging (Alot of interesting achievement to explore)-Nice music-Rabbit (?)-Development still going on (Releasing of Halloween event, but not sure for coming event)Cons-I was using chinese as my system language,not sure if other languages have such bug, the dialogues go wrong sometime(dialogue that's not coming from that character and some dialogue content contains only number,i.e. 4033 ).[I checked the official site, it seems the developer had noticed the issue. The solution is setting the system language blahblahblah, well  forget it, game still good.]-The game picture will lead to tons of misunderstanding, especially the ribi's cloth LOL.-Story is childish, especially post game. LOL.-[More cons 404 not found]Definitely worth getting if you like ""Dodging"" and challenges.Update : I m buying both of the dlc as an act of support(Regret for not buying the bundle at the beginning, well doesnt matter I guess?). This game really inspired me as a programmer (Not by the story ofc, LOL)"
,Recommended,400910,22796424,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,†The Gman†,Amazinling fun metroidvania with really good music
,Recommended,400910,35142371,Posted: 22 September,all,GabCHan,Metroid + Bunny + Anime + Moe + Some Ecchi(sh) CG + Bullet Hell + *insert some touhou* x 9000 = Rabi-Ribi
76561198165778106,Recommended,400910,29697407,Posted: 4 February,all,Kangtaw,"This game is a whole new experience metroidvania platformer with a bunny that can do Shouryouken and Hadouken with a mallet . Yes, with a mallet, not with the fists O_o ...."
76561198011401002,Recommended,400910,35418691,Posted: 2 October,all,Freudia,"What a wonderful game this is.I bought this literally the day of its release and a year and a half later it was still getting updates and new content, and from start to finish it's been one wild ride. I don't know if it'll get any more content based on how the newest DLC as of this writing ends but if it's finally over then this is one hell of a fantastic game. They could seriously charge 40 dollars for this game and I would still consider it to be a generous price based on the amount of playtime and fun I've gotten out of this."
,Recommended,400910,21411959,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Uso,"Great game seriously. Fair price and definatley got my moneys worth. The difficulty curve is a bit high but w/e still fun and gives you the resources to beat it. Great sound, level, and character design.Please buy this game."
,Recommended,400910,21007209,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,sorathecrow,"You play as a bunny-turned-human girl fighting a bunny-ear-wearing cult in a fantasy world where normal bunnies have nearly gone extinct.  Isssweird.  But it's got some cute pixel art, controls well on keyboard or controller, has some great metroidvania-esque level design, and some crazy hectic bullet hell bosses.One negative I'll mention: the translation is...understandable.  But sentences don't flow from one to the next naturally--I'll read something, then the characters will say something else, and it doesn't feel like what they're saying connects from line to line.  I'm assuming this is just a plain ol' case of lack of polish, which isn't necessarily surprising for a quick doujin game translation project, but I expect more out of Sekai Project.  Come on guys, do another couple run throughs of the script.  It needs it."
,Recommended,400910,21024805,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,[ヨック] NEXT STAGE,"So ok, Rabi-Ribi is freaking amazing. This is a Doujin-Metroidvania-2D-platformer with bullet-hell bosses. And while this game doesn't bring anything new to the genre (lets be honest here, we have seen exactly this gameplay a gazillion times before), everything Rabi-Ribi does, it does right.Most importantly, the controls feel awesome. Unlike ""Bunny must Die!"" for example, the controls aren't rocket-science and you feel right at home from the beginning. However, if you want to use a pad instead of a keyboard, do not use the original 360-controller. The D-Pad sucks and it always will. And it will ♥♥♥♥ you over. Use a playstation controller with a converter or go for a razer sabretooth instead or use ABSOLUTELY ANYTHING ELSE.The gameplay is just as you'd expect from this kind of game. You punch and shoot cute things until you reach a boss and here is when the true game starts: There's a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of bosses in Rabi-Ribi and the battles are all extremely well made. You dodge 100s of bullets until the boss calms down for a second and you can get a combo in. The battles feel almost turn-based actually.The bullet-patterns are the heart of the bossfights and the further you get into the game the more original will the fights become.The map-exploration is done extremely well. There are a ton of power-ups hidden in explodable or fake walls and if you get stuck in a hard bossfight, go somewhere else for now. The gameplay is as non-linear as it gets, the map is huge and there are always a few places you haven't been to or hidden power-ups you haven't found. Enemies and bosses also drop money, so you can buy even more stuff from the shop, or NPCs etc.The soundtrack is great, specially during boss-battles. Here is how this game sounds:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1bT-jEcAoE8Replayabilty is there too. Many different difficulties, boss-rush and speedrun-mode. Also an alternate way to play the game (check out the guides-section and the achievements).The story however, sucks. It's nonsensical and also not really funny. There are way too many cutscenes and way too many words that don't say anything at all. However, entire scenes can be skipped easily, so that isn't really a problem. You can always look in the menu where you have to go next.Is it worth the 17€ that it costs at the moment? Absolutely.In a sale this will be a steal."
,Recommended,400910,22241451,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,12p Ronald,"Plenty of challenge,Wish I had bought the uprprc edition long ago"
,Recommended,400910,21148098,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Snowy Tale,"Rabi-Ribi is a truly outstanding Metroidvania and has managed to impress me in all regards, the time and effort put in to the game and all the little details you will notice make this game outstanding. The developers clearly loved making this game and I love playing it.The Develepers are always updating the game with new content and achievments. All the charaacter designs are cute and it was a joy to play through. I strongly recomend it."
76561198030580578,Recommended,400910,23433229,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Menelik II,"Rabi-Ribi is an outstanding metroidvania which takes some inspiration from the ""bullet hell"" genre, particularly for boss fights. With several difficulty modes, challenging bosses, relatively non-linear gameplay, multiple tough achievements to unlock and lots of secrets scattered around the vast map, Rabi-Ribi offers dozens of hours of high quality enjoyable fun.I give it a 5/5."
,Recommended,400910,26931225,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Doremy.,It mixes a lot of my favorite games into one and that's great.I like Bunny Girls.
,Recommended,400910,23551697,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Jasun,Didn't expect this game to be this good
,Recommended,400910,24962828,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Spooky_Neptune,"Do you like cute things, bullet hell, good storys, open worlds, metroid, items that let you find other items, hammers, volcanic caverns, badges that gives you buffs, steam achievements, trading cards, a good soundtrack, hard mode,an achievement thats called ""<●> ω <●>"", and some other things, this game is for you."
,Recommended,400910,31667643,Posted: 10 May,all,R3M11X魔法少女✿◕◡◕,"I absolutely love this game.It's been a while since I've actually enjoyed a decent platformer with a great story and this game personally takes the cake for being an excellent adventure game. The story itself is great and the characters are adorable and loveable. There is so much to interact with and explore. The artwork of the game itself is colorful and attractive.The game mechanics and difficulty are top notch. The game allows the players to cater the level of difficulty towards their preference. This goes beyond the standard ""easy"", ""normal"", and ""hard"" difficulties. If things get too hard, the game offers aid which helps the player may accept or decline. This helps the player not feel frustrated or stuck (especially on boss levels).Being a bullet hell game, true skill comes from mastering the art of movements. Since Rabi-Ribi also has platformer mechanics, not only do you have to deal with gravity and an onslaught of projectiles, you also have to deal with the enemy you're fighting and successfully chain attacks to defeat them. This definitely ups the learning curve but is super rewarding when mastered.This game definitely provides a challenge when set right.The soundtrack of the game is very well done and I highly recommend getting the UPRPRC edition which comes with the game OST in FLAC. With the UPRPRC, you can also enjoy the digital artbook.Overall, this game holds a special place in my heart and I highly recommend this game."
,Recommended,400910,23261296,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Bunny,This game is amazing Everytime i get bored of CSGO or other shity competitive games i just go play this becuz its amazing to just run about and kill Bunny girls and this game has a Body pellow background
,Recommended,400910,20833598,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,Megu,"When i get games im not sure about, I will play until i get close to the 2 hours allowed of play before it is non-refundable. I will say it now, sitting currently at 1.9 hours, this game is gonna be in my library for good.  I'm a huge♥♥♥♥♥♥for metroidvania, so when I saw this game, 13 hours from release, i knew this was something I wanted. I have not really gotten that far (im gonna start a new game on hard, normal feels a little too easy), but its actually enjoyable! I love it! I did have my doubts (since it was a new release and there were only like 3 reviews), but overall I highly recommend it. I especially love that certain things will become stronger as you use them, its very nice. The soundtrack is very enjoyable, and the game controls are actually quite nice (i hate ♥♥♥♥ing reverse wall jumps though, but thats more of me just being bad). It may seem ""weeby"" as the kids say (disregard my profile picture), but its a very solid game! I will update this review after my first playthrough!TL;DR If you like metroidvanias and bullet hells, this is definitley one to add to the collection."
,Recommended,400910,20952921,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Qviss,"This game is actually pretty good. Visuals will deter some out of it but it didn't bother me much, if at all. An acquired taste I'd say. Production values are much higher than I initially thought they'd be.Gameplay is a mix of bullet hell -esque boss battles and exploration from metroidvanias. It has a lot of bosses and their bullet patterns and all female cast reminds me largely of Touhou. There's big enough map and it's largely open ended.  Music is good all-around and there's enough gameplay content to make it worth the asking price.Buy it if you like non-linear platformers and bullet hell -shooters."
76561198087182309,Recommended,400910,25212087,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,twilightskys93,This game is definetely a WORTH EVERY PENNY ^^. solid story.. fun bullet hell boss fights difficulty... a large world to explore.. just just a light amount of fan service... I love it ^^Oh and for the hardcore peeps out there .. theres tons of acheivements to get^^
,Recommended,400910,30786363,Posted: 27 March,all,Feenecks Platinum ♥,Touhou mixed with Symphony of the Night and a dash of Megaman Zero makes one amazingly addictive and challenging game.With the addition of the ability to do a 0% item run without doing any glitches is just icing on the cake for any perfectionists and speedrunners out there.
76561198359474704,Recommended,400910,34338113,Posted: 18 August,all,skyepasqua2015,Very moe i personally enjoy playing it when company is over. That said the background music is quite good and gameplay is enjoyable. Story line is a bit much at times but is hilarious not sure peta would enjoy this game as you tend to kill dogs and birds on a whim but to be fair they attack first usually.
,Recommended,400910,22807423,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Titosor,This is the Metroidvaniest Metroidvania I've ever played. You wanna get powerups? You wanna backtrack and get more powerups? It's good.
,Recommended,400910,22715034,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,バカ犬,Not only do I love bunny girls but this game is also really good.The animation on it is also really smooth. I really recommend this game.The only thing I feel is that it runs too fast? it makes the movement feel slippery and very sensitive.. Is this because I'm using a 120hz screen? The game is really fast paced.
76561198047898856,Recommended,400910,25642141,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,Jab 👌,Game of the ♥♥♥♥ing year.
,Recommended,400910,32904524,Posted: 27 June,all,Crossfer,"Metroidvania Bullet Hell with waifus and a ton of funGood replayability and the DLC feels more rewarding, the difficulty its good too.The game handhold you through the starter area to later mid game throw you to the 9 circles of bullet hell only to just realize you can see clearly every bullet on the screen thanks to the good difficulty scaling in the game.10/10 -would Rabi-Ribi Again"
,Recommended,400910,25668136,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Harukawa Maki,This game is easyIt's like riding a bicycleBut the bicycle is on fireRoad is on fireYou're on fireEverything is on fireBecause you're in HELL10/10 will rage quit again
,Recommended,400910,33014363,Posted: 29 June,all,Chubby Corgi,"""Who hits people with hammers???"" Well bunnies obviously."
76561198083196780,Recommended,400910,20823954,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,WyZyPy,5star
,Recommended,400910,28937395,Posted: 2 January,all,Daddison,This game has Thwomp's with cat facesNyamps
,Recommended,400910,20896117,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,LinkyFW LCS,"Bullet Hell + Platforming = Well, hell.This game is very good dont get me wrong, I suck at the game but still found myself having a good time! The achievements are funny when you unlock them (sometimes.)I mean seriously, a Bunny and a Fairy? Both in skimpy outfits? Count me in I guess.I will gladly take Fairy with my Bunny, and die over and over again to complete the adventure.I give this game a ""Bunny/Bunny"""
76561198009116077,Recommended,400910,20919937,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Dranuv,Great Bullet-Hell Metroidvania with good characters.
,Recommended,400910,22727084,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Goomskzy Octzypwzy,"difficulty for itty bitty casuals and difficulty for those who enjoy screaming while a boss slaughters them. A hugeass world to explore and some of the finest gameplay I have had the pleasure to experience in a long, long time. For once I don't feel like hanging myself over the quality of video games of today. Absolute recommendation."
,Recommended,400910,23634720,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Pseudo weeb,"Bunnygirl complete with the outfit goes on an adventure with a smol qt fairy.fighting raging lesbians who are coincidentally bunny lovers.and later on, a super raging lesbian succubus.what more can you ask?"
,Recommended,400910,21101196,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,sate,"well apart from the whole weaboo bunny girl thingafter you get through the prologue partthe game turns into a really nice uh...metroidvania? igavania? with bullet hell bossfightsif you're interested in those, go ahead and get it."
,Recommended,400910,22333926,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,❀_Spookyhex_❀,"I recommend this so much to anyone who likes action platformersNot only does this game fit to your difficulty cap, but its also super adorable and fun to play. The story is a bit weird with some parts just being ""why is this happening? who is this person?"" but i only asked those after i beat the bosses because they were so fun and difficult to battle. So in short fun game, wonky story... 9/11 Kawaii Bodypillow background + 1 point 10/11"
,Recommended,400910,22922213,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,エッチ猫,"I ****ING LIKE ITUpdate the review--------- game reviewOverall in the game it has 3 parts1. Main story part (Main game) -- Have fun with story of the game2. After story part (Post game) -- Have fun with a short story after you finish last boss in the main part3. After of the after story part (Post post game) -- to complete all archeivementI already completed main game and post game but post-post game is super challenge.I am still not complete it HAHAHAHAHA.There are about 24 bosses inside the game. You can meet them in any order. It does not affect to the main story what ever boss you met.Farming items is not going to help you pass the game faster because all bosses will strong equally to your items.-------- my comment to this gameThe game keep updating and they put new archievements almost every updatedI had play since 1.00 until now (1.40) many things are better even the previous version are also good.I bought this game for the URPCCC Edition (Not sure the name but it is the highest price one)I can say that ""THIS GAME IS VERY WORTH""To play this game I may recommend to use Joypad because some secret trick using keyboard is quiet hard.And ...Trading card is so expensive QAQ"
,Recommended,400910,22947477,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,毒瘤貓，逐夢演藝圈!,Not an interesting introduction indeed.Too hard for casual gameBTW I Love this game
,Recommended,400910,20817527,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Lanael Otário,"A funny and easy paced adventure featuring a bunny which is turned into a bunny girl (Yes, this is worth), there a lot of upgrades and characters here to find, and a lot of modes to play as well. Your fairy companion makes it more worth, with a melee and ranged battle system mixed with a touhou boss style. Another high point is the OST, it's amazing, really. If you get the chance, play this game, the fanservice and the anime art is just a bonus if you like them."
,Recommended,400910,20990046,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Brazzers,OST in FLAC...还是日本人会做游戏
,Recommended,400910,21164808,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,navi,A pretty
76561198059107673,Recommended,400910,20882331,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Nyamu,Too many buns too little time...
76561198087017000,Recommended,400910,20874355,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,夢的な狂信,BunnyPantsuLoliEpic gameBunnyCute10/10
,Recommended,400910,23979470,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,⎛⎝举个栗子丶⎠⎞,"く__,.ヘヽ.　　　　/　,ー､ 〉＼ ', !-─‐-i　/　/´／｀ｰ'　　　 L/／｀ヽ､/　 ／,　 /|　 ,　 ,　　　 ',ｲ 　/ /-‐/　ｉ　L_ ﾊ ヽ!　 iﾚ ﾍ 7ｲ｀ﾄ　 ﾚ'ｧ-ﾄ､!ハ|　 |!,/7 '0'　　 ´0iソ| 　 ||.从""　　_　　 ,,,, / |./ 　 |ﾚ'| i＞.､,,__　_,.イ / 　.i 　|ﾚ'| | / k_７_/ﾚ'ヽ,　ﾊ.　|| |/i 〈|/　 i　,.ﾍ |　i　|.|/ /　ｉ： 　 ﾍ!　　＼　|kヽ>､ﾊ 　 _,.ﾍ､ 　 /､!!'〈//｀Ｔ´', ＼ ｀'7'ｰr'ﾚ'ヽL__|___i,___,ンﾚ|ノﾄ-,/　|___./'ｰ'　　!_,.:"
,Recommended,400910,27581147,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Zenoplexer,"Don't let the 'bullet hell' tag scare you off, this game is nowhere near as difficult as a CAVE game, even on its harder difficulties. However, this game does require memorization of patterns so if you don't like that sort of thing this game is probably not the game for you.In my experiance the game sort of cycles between gathering tons of items and fighting bosses. The item collection feels sort-of like an old collectathon game in that there are quite a few items in the game to collect, most of which are hidden or have some small challenge you have to beat to get them. The bosses are the centerpieces of the game that break up item collection, they attack with bullet hell -esqe patterns that are generally very pretty. Your combat abilities seem to fall into three categories:1) CQC with the hammer, which almost always resolves into doing the same few combos2) ranged fighting with Ribbon which gives you a number of unique shot types to work with and is usually more fun than CQC3) bomb-type attacks in the form of the amulet and super carrot (amulet being a defensive bomb with high invincibility but low damage, super carrot being an offensive bomb with short invincibility but high damage)Overall I think the gameplay is quite fun.There are also extra modes like speedrun mode and boss rush (and extra boss rushes with NPC characters in the DLC) which are exactly what you would expect. Also about a billion achievements ranging from boss rush to speedrun to low item% run to sequence breaking.The game has been known to lag and crash for seemingly no reason sometimes on some computers, so that is something you should probably take into account if you are playing on a toaster."
,Recommended,400910,26141299,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,CodexLink,"The trailer and the game thumbnail just brought me here to bought it. And in the end of it. I just really realized that it is really worth buying for. Also i have got to the game because it was tagged in anime categories.The game wasnt actually anime, but the character design was really like anime tho. Great design devs.So far i have finished the game, and i want to do loops but i need to get those achievements first... ^^Here are the pros and cons so far...Pros of buying this game+ Interesting Gameplay (Smooth as 60fps to the max..)+ Tight and Responsive Controls+ Nice character face expressions+ Well made pixel art. (This game is one of the best pixel art i have seen in my whole life, seriously.)+ CG Gallery Art was excellent as f. ( You have the urge to save those art by doing a screenshot or snipping it.)+ Boss Rush + Dependable to the Save File Difficulty+ Unused Beta are Playable (For Artbook DLC Only)+ DLC is very useful and its not a waste of money. (You can do lot of things there. Well not lots.)+ The game designed for Achievement Hunters (Its hard to obtain but worth doing it.)+ Very Good BGM and SFX. (They all fit together)+ Lots of Plots. (Well there are no flat? xD)+ Game Designed for Speedrunning+ 5 Difficulties + 3 or 2 more on ArtBook DLC+ Cute Bunny+ The game is non-linear (You can do what you want.)+ Everything was energetic-looking fights+ Increase your own real life stats +Multitasking (You will know it when you played it.)+ A bit interesting storyline+ Settings were very usable.+ Developer was active.+ Takes you whole life. (Do you even see my steam profile!?)+ Urge you to bought a real bunny.ConsI can't find any cons to the game. Seriously, all effort that was put in the game was good.IN OVERALLAs a man, Rabi-Ribi is the best game that i have played so far. This is the first game that i have seen that all great efforts are put into this game. And with that, my whole life was captured by this game. (All wallpapers on rabi-ribi has on my phone and my laptop as well.)SO BUY THIS GAME! IAM TELLING YOU this is WORTH buying for."
,Recommended,400910,28932112,Posted: 2 January,all,TrisT_RaM,"Fun, like fun fun, not that fun that you think is fun this is the other kind of fun, like the super dooper fun fun. Not that trash fun. you will have so much fun playing this fun game i think its one of those fun games that you cant put down. But...There is one thing...What if its to fun you say?Well...I guess its just to damn fun for you then. Think your tough fun stuff for this game, WRONG, this game is fun. fun fun to be exact don't believe me, well i said it, its fun so u immediately have to believe me :P cuz its fun.but to be honest it is legit one of those fun games that you can't put down. so yeah fun.i said fun 21 times. ah s@#t 22 now... wait how many times did i say fun? iv said it 23 times now. no wait 24... xCITS TO FUN"
,Recommended,400910,22373277,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,Goombahflip,"Haven't played too much of it as of now, but I can say; one of the best metroidvanias on Steam right now.Also kind of a bullet hell, full of half-naked ladies where no man is shown. Takes a lot of inspiration from Touhou."
76561198141509662,Recommended,400910,27276432,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,(☞ﾟヮﾟ)☞,"is a great game, i like the soundtrack..... and the history, i recommend this game :D"
,Recommended,400910,27080276,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,AncuL,"♥♥♥♥ing hell. this game is really hard even in easy modealthough it's a cute anime game, you should not think that this is easy either. the game is also very long in gameplay.10/10"
,Recommended,400910,22958555,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,NB | Iriochi,"First let me start off by saying, this game will change your life. The Characters are great, the world is colorful, theres alot to do and different modes to play.  Now with that said, lets get started with this review.The PlotThe game starts off in a mysterious place where the Main Character is in a unfamiliar place, then suddenly meets a shadow figure. Next thing she wakes up into a world full of adventure, secrets, and challenges. From there you'll eventually go to a Certain Town, which will pretty much be your HUB of the game. Think of that as your base of operations; stock up on materials from the shop, get buffs, etc etc.The Gameplay/MechanicsRabi-Ribi is a bullet Hell. So expect the game to get harder and harder as you venture deeper into the game. With that being said, theres 5 modes to choose from, 3 is available on your first play-through, the other 2 are unlocked after. It's a platformer also. You control 2 people, a Bunny and a Fairy. With those two you work together to defeat enemies who are in your way. Along the way you can collect power-ups that are hidden, or you need a certain skill to get to it. Theres also hidden areas so you can explore as much as you want. Meaning, Rabi-Ribi is pretty much unlinear.The MusicI felt as if this deserved its own little review because well, it's freaking amazing. Pretty much every Soundtrack fits it's atmosphere well. The developers nailed it big time with this. At first I was gonna just buy the game, which i did, but now I'm going to buy the OST once I get the chance. Trust me, I can tell the amount of effort put into the music and I think It's one of the best yet, especially for a bullet hell.More Personal OpinionsI feel as if Rabi-Ribi the best Bullet Hell I ever played. It has a decent story-line, great graphics for a pixelated game, ( which btw i love) and overall a nice feel to it. Some people see this game and think it's just another Ecchi type game considering the clothing but in all honesty once you play the game and start to get into it, you'll honestly forget about it. Your mind will be on upgrades, exploring, and how to get stronger for bosses.RatingI find Rabi-Ribi a marvelous Bullet-Hell that should have more attention to it. I'll tell this to my friends for a fact, this game needs more love. Easily one of the best Bullet-Hells of 2016, if not One of the best in it's genre.  The Pricing is nice for the amount of content and love the developers put in.MY RATING ON THIS GAME IS A SOLID 10/10. I can not reccommend this game enough to you guys, buy it asap, you WILL love it, thats all i have to say, just please buy it, let it change your life like it did to me and everyone else who loved this game."
,Recommended,400910,28853876,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Belkarama,This game has some amazing depth and fantastic gameplay. Don't let the cutesy waifu dressing fool you. This one's a winner.
,Recommended,400910,28950581,Posted: 2 January,all,•cC• Cookie,"Better than it looks.An addicting balls-hard metroidvania, although it does provide a baby mode for people who dont like games.Don't let the anime visuals decieve you, it's a very deep and challenging combo-based game.Play on the hardest difficulty you can muster and prepare yourself"
,Recommended,400910,24129819,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,A Buffalo☭ | G.J Gardener Homes,Best bullet-dodging beat 'em up simulator 2k16
76561198075430559,Recommended,400910,28696410,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Crackalacking,it a fun game
,Recommended,400910,20845194,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,MissPokeMaster,"Rabi-Rabi is the cutest game I've played this year so far. The characters have a lot of energy and the art is very pretty. I enjoy how the characters are pixleated but still detailed. (Kind of like Dropsy) The background music is very nice and goes along well with the enviornment. I did have an issue with the game freezing at first, but after updating to Windows 10 the game worked perfectly. I can't wait to play more~"
,Recommended,400910,28018502,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Daphini,Touhou the metroidvania
,Recommended,400910,22145309,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,👯🏻🥛🐸👌🏻KEK,A sidescrolling arpg jrpg platforming metroidvania bullet hell.
,Recommended,400910,22161616,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,ZelosZalis,"This game was an amazing surprise and a game that makes me lament missing its crowdfunding.For the short explanation of the game its a mix of platforming and Danmaku (Bullet Hell) shoot em ups, the nearest comparison I can give game play wise is a Touhou fan game series by the name of Koumajou Densetsu. The danmaku really comes out during boss fights which makes bosses very fun to fight each also coming with their own desperation moves which are similar to Touhou's ""spell cards"".The platforming aspect of the game is also not lacking, while many of the games early enemies are throw away, there are still difficult non boss areas of the game that challenge a player's platforming skills. The game boasts a ""metroidvania"" style to its gameplay which allows a player outside of minor path forcing here and there to tackle the game in any order they wish. The level of thought they put into allowing the non linear approach was amazing, even allowing 0% item runs if you know the game and your skills well enough.Lastly I want to discuss the cast and plot, which may come off weak in some areas. The overall plot itself without giving away spoilers... lets just say it kinda leaves some gaps in as to what happened, letting the player kinda decide for themselves which bugs me but its not all that horrible, its more of a minor personal gripe. Outside of the story the characters themselves are cute and quirky, many characters are parodies of famous anime and story characters from other series, but keep enough of their own charm to not be lame copies. I almost think of an old game from JAST called Season of Sakura for this, every single character was inspired from famous anime characters of the time yet they still were all their own characters at the same time.In all this is a game that is deceptive, its a fun and amazingly challenging platformer hiding under a layer of cute, if cute doesn't bug you, give this game a shot. If you love cute, this game will be match made in heaven.One last thing, part of what is making this game so great is the amazing amount of post release support the game is getting, even as I write this they are still adding content and fixing bugs. Simply amazing.11/23/2016: many months later and everything I said still applies only even more magnified, the game is amazing and only a month ago they released an amazing free dlc for halloween thats seriously fun to play. I am not much of a company fan, but these guys are making it hard not to be, I am seriously impressed with their game and how they handle content."
,Recommended,400910,22191288,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,hacksoi,The gameplay is really good and challenging.
,Recommended,400910,22192913,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Pandasaurus Rex,"So I came across this game eariler today and looked at it, shaking my head.  ""I'll probably play this for an hour and never touch this again...still I got nothing better to do.""  All I can say is WOW.  Now mind, I'm still on Chapter 1, but already I have 5 or 6 different paths I can take, each one with a boss blocking my path.  That alone's enough to make me say buy this game.  But there's so much more.  Just...read the other comments.  I can't do them enough justice.  ...Oh and bunnies."
76561198081505858,Recommended,400910,22193456,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,"別问了,快上车",Come in for bunnyi get my bunny n hell lot of fun gameplay
,Recommended,400910,22199665,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,外道詩人,"Very fun platform action RPG with quite character and some animate related easter egg.Control is not too smooth but is acceptable, or you can say this is the characteristic of the game."
76561198070203955,Recommended,400910,22206075,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Northz,Being somewhat experienced in bullet hell games and 2D-fighting games I decided to load the game up on hard. The first achievement I got was reaching the game over screen.Not like this.
,Recommended,400910,22213697,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,KoreyCabra,"I will preface my review by saying that Metroidvania/Bullet Hell is NOT my go-to genre and this is my first dive into either of them after a long, long time. I bought this game mostly on the preface that it is in the anime category and it was more action oriented. While I do play a lot of the dating sims on Steam, this kind of has the look and feel of a weird hybrid. The action is great and it's fun to learn to control the two very different characters. The artwork and deluxe edition are also worth the money and this is an indie title that is well deserving of the investment of time. I really like a lot of the characters and the dialogues and I love the world they live in and how fun it is to look at.However, I do have a few negatives..but they do not really take away from the enjoyment of this game. The story is a bit silly, over-the-top and kind of weak, but I have yet to finish it. Do not go into Rabi-Ribi expecting a dead-out serious ride with lots of lore, it's supposed to be kind of fantasy/out there and I can see past that and a few character discrepancies.I also do not feel like a lot of the game directs you on where to go if you are a beginner, I'm still kind of early on and sometimes I just do not know how to reach certain areas to progress. It's very much a sit-down and figure it out game, I found the tutorials kind of lacking in a few areas.But I think the pro to this idea is that you will not run out of things to do before clocking a lot of hours in this charming game and it does take you back to the days when you really had to work at and master a title while completing it."
,Recommended,400910,21993985,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,bacchus,"Okay, so I love this game, I will say that much up front. But with how much I love this game, there is a few big complaints. To start off, some of the abilities that you get are kinda useless and I never used more than when required. While the controls feel tight sometimes I will try to perform a move but be blocked because I didn't hold up and instead held slightly left and up. I also hated that what is suppose to be a secret hidden area that you can only get to in one part of the game is REQUIRED for 100% the map. Sure, I can go back and get it after the game has been completed, but even then I have to play another 3 hours just to get back to the area.Then there is the main two reasons I am writing this review. First is the items. They are scattered around the map and hidden quite well. I had lots of fun finding most of them and some were actually good puzzles, but then I found myself missing about 4 items per area. I had to go through each area and just keep dropping bombs until something blew up and showed an item hidden in a place with no hints and no tells. It felt like I was playing the original LoZ trying to find secrets, and it was irritating.The ending area and boss is obnoxious, with the ending area besically requiring you to wait for your amulet to recharge, and while the platforming is fine in the area, I found myself grinding for health to make sure I didn't die to the rediculous spikes. Also the final boss can be crazy. In my case I would have been done with the game in 40 hours if it wasn't for that boss. It was a 20 minute fight for me and the sustain you have to have in the fight is rediculous. With all this said though, I would still recomend the game. Expecially if you are a fan of Touhou or any metroidvania style games.Sorry for the rant this is a good game buy it."
,Recommended,400910,22198276,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,TrooperX-9,Nice gameplay and music.Where does Erina keep the carrot bombs the way she is dressed O_o?
,Recommended,400910,24508546,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,changtau2005,"The one take-home message I get from playing Rabi-Ribi, is that the director absolutely understands (and loves) the best parts of the metroidvania, brawler, and bullet hell genres, and the whole of the game is built around this.This game does the standardmetroidvaniapart very well, with themed areas and gated interconnections. It also has all sorts of hidden passages and a couple of hidden moves, that, if you know about them, you can finish the entire game without acquiring a single ability or item. These passages and moves let you do what the game calls ""sequence breaking"", by accessing areas or fighting bosses you're not meant to reach yet, at least in terms of the story, to access abilities or items early. This non-linearity is very much unique to this game.Bosses will fill the screen with brightly-colored death, but unlike regularbullet hells, you have to obey gravity this time around, so you can't just move freely around the screen. However, it's worth pointing out that the patterns are fair. For example, if you haven't acquired air jump yet, the boss will only use patterns which you can avoid with your regular jump. Of course, it will still be difficult as you don't have any room for error in timing your regular jump, but this is very much good game design.The regular enemies, while much more predictable, are also very much aware of where they can hit you with their projectiles from. They don't have much bite initially, but on higher difficulties or on a 0% item run, you will become painfully aware of how wickedly purposeful their placements are.If you're familiar withbrawlerslike Super Smash Bros., the moves you have here are the standard suite of air jumps, air dash, wall jumps, slides etc. You unlock them incrementally, and you will need them all, both in fights to avoid the said bullets and in exploration. For attacks, you have the standing combo, uppercuts, downcuts, slide dash, mid-air attacks, and all sorts of ranged projectile attacks from dumbfire to homing to screen-filling attacks. You cannot block, but the Bunny Amulet and certain moves gives you invincibility frames that you will want to take advantage of. Customization comes in the form of badges where you can pick and choose which perk or tradeoffs you want to have, like trading mana for more HP, or nulling contact damage against bosses if you find that to be a problem.I think the developer has absolutely nailed the pixelgraphicson this one. He knows when and where to put in details and contrast and when to cut back, so you can see where your character is and where all the projectiles are at all times with just your peripheral vision. I cannot emphasize enough how important this is for bullet hell and how much I appreciate this clarity. Compared to other indie games with similar graphics (e.g. Freedom Planet, Bunny Must Die), your character is practically popping out of the screen. The pixel sprites are also very well done in my opinion.The wholebunnything is a running gag and is fairly arbitrary, and the story mostly just sends you to different parts of the map to recruit different bosses. The game is very much self-aware and points out that there's always an excuse for a fight before you can recruit that boss. I also didn't get the main plot arc the first time around, but it became more clear after I played the game a second time. Basically you don't play the game for thestory.A last couple of things: The game starts off with a good spread ofdifficulty settingscasual-novice-normal-hard-hell initially, with bunny extinction (BEX) and impossible difficulty unlockable. Harder difficulties mean attack patterns of greater variety, damage, and speed, bullets are denser and may linger around more, i.e. dodging becomes much more important. Easier difficulties let you carry more consumables and give you an optional buff after successive game overs. Harder difficulties are for after you have mastered the game. Theboss rushandspeedrun modesare unlocked on game clear, andsound testis unlocked after clearing hard or above. SomeCGschange on higher difficulties, but usually it just means the character shows more skin than usual. You do have to unlock the alternate CG first before you can see them in CG mode.If you love any of these genres, it would be a mistake to pass this game up. It thoroughly exceeded my expectations on every level."
,Recommended,400910,20984287,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Sacrificial Toast,"This is a really high quality Metroidvania title.  There's tons of content, lots of exploration and fun boss battles, and great music.  The aesthetic might be a turn off for some people, and the story is nothing to write home about, but if you can deal with that, this is absolutely worth it. Also, bunny."
,Recommended,400910,23175507,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,KireusG,"I don't know what to sayI bought this two days after the release trying to find new experience (I don't play so much 2D games ) but this game have something special that take my attention, maybe the soundtrack. So I played it and... I find a new experience that I never see in another games. You won't regret this buyDo you want an adventure in the 2D world ? Epic soundtracks and boss battle?or maybe something moreThis is your game!Thanks for the soundtrack ＼(＾▽＾)／"
76561198031190155,Recommended,400910,23226458,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Zenuge,"A game for a specific kind of person.I tried it out on normal, till the bosses became impossible. Then I moved to novice at which point the post game started kicking me my butt till no end. Finally I settled on casual, and I think I still lost maybe once to a boss before the end. The integration of the ""bullet-hell"" genre with metroidvania ensures that Rabi-Ribi will only appeal to the most hardcore gamer at the end of the day.Level design, pacing, art style are solid across the board, the platforming is a little wonky. Animations are top notch sprite work. Overall if you're looking for something to plod through after work like me, keep it at novice/casual. If you want to go deep into it there is more than enough here to keep a hardcore gamer occupied.Cons, kinda samey, each level is a re-tile with no variation on the actual elements. Anime plot/dialogue is forgettable. Grinding bosses to learn patters just to squeak out a win with <10 HP left gets mind-numbing tedious.Overall a solid play,"
,Recommended,400910,26764000,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Jombs24,addictive AF
76561197996737232,Recommended,400910,26324811,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,SavageMinnow,"Cute anime girls. Hard bullet helling. Ridiculous sequence breaking potential. Postgame content.If you like most or all of these things, this is worth it."
,Recommended,400910,21095666,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,[UPRPRC] Harlequin,"One of the best Metroidvania (2D platforming + exploration) games I've played. The mashup between that type of gameplay and bullet hell mechanics is amazing, at least when it has this much polish to it. Four chapters in and a lot of hours spent exploring, I still don't have anything major to complain about with Rabi-Ribi. It's consistently challenging, but never feels unfair. Exploring the rather large world, finding new items, secrets and enemies everywhere, keeps being entertaining.It's perfect for people who like challenging 2D platformers in general. And if you're not already familiar with bullet hell shooter mechanics, chances are that you'll come to like that too from playing Rabi-Ribi.Pro tip: If you really want to challenge yourself right from the get go and possibly feel more satisfaction from beating each boss, start on the Hard difficulty level."
,Recommended,400910,23754328,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Zanster,"Played the first playthrough on hard mode. No regrets.Anyway it's a challenging game where a bunny girl and a fairy beating people off. You met a new people = fight (most of the time ofc).The story... a little bit random (well duh, it's a game with non-linear story). There's also a lot of characters, each with nice concept. I liked that Keke Bunny, she's adorable.Musics are also good, my fav are the one from the beginning and the last bossfirst stage's theme, forgot the name of the themes...Recommended for someone who needed some bullets to dodge or simply because of a bunny girl"
76561198294901135,Recommended,400910,35182943,Posted: 24 September,all,DMR2005,Best Anime game i have ever seen with shantae like graphics almost love itand amazing soundtrack
,Recommended,400910,35087684,Posted: 20 September,all,DeadVinXero - DVX,Best game ever.
76561198038687980,Recommended,400910,22970175,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Angry Lil' Thing,"Not sure what to say other then I recommend it to you.You like metroidvania-style adventures? You like a good challenge with bosses? You got a thing for losing your !@#$ing fingers from a BULLET!?!? Then you will probably enjoy this game!Cute little adventure with an enjoyable cast of characters. Oh and if you can get past the fan service you may get attached to these characters (you don't need to get past the fan service though XD).Really fun, had a blast, never gave up when the challenge desided to bash my face into the ground saying, ""hahaha !@#$ you, try again!"", and hoping for some fun DLC or sequal in the future."
,Recommended,400910,35183861,Posted: 24 September,all,The Cringe Master,"And here, we see the rabbit chick in her natural habitat; fighting other rabbit chick clones and other women who want to take her captive. i actually like this game and all its glory and maybe even the ""plot"". it is a bullet hell styled 2D fighting game and has one of my favorite mechanics in RPG's: the badge system (you know, from paper mario). You find random powerups and can even buy them at anytime, but only once you reach the town of the game. but its also like a zelda styled exploration game where you go to different area's of the map (by squares) and find all the cool random stuff. But if you think you might not like this game for it's difficulty or bullet hells in general; well, it wouldn't be fair if there weren't different difficulties for new or unsettled players can enjoy and mess around with. I reccomend this game."
,Recommended,400910,29734592,Posted: 5 February,all,snoopuru,"I just finished this game and by god, it is one of the best things I have ever played on here.It's fun, why? It's challenging, a combination of dodging skills, reflexes, pattern recognition, and one of the best things anything can have for a game, extensive optimization for.. just about everything, really. Your routes, combos, item purchases, magic choice... It's really amazing. Also, it's cute. Like, really cute.You can honestly get a ton of playtime out of this game. This game includes its own leaderboard for boss rushing and speedrunning, which are built into the game in different ways. Also, this game is literally DESIGNED to be sequence broken. There's an achievement that you can get for breaking the game sequence. Hidden techs are fun to mess with too.Oh, and when I said you can optimize, sequence break, and get tons of hours in this game, I mean it. Have fun 0%ing and 100%ing the game!Godwhydidyoudesignbunniestonotbelikethesepeople"
,Recommended,400910,35304561,Posted: 29 September,all,Mr. Cappuccino,"You play as a bunny girl, what more can you ask ¯\_(ツ)_/¯Pros:>> Top Quality Bullet Hell game, enjoyable boss and all that sht>> Has Difficulty options if it's too easy for you>> Graphics and music are Fantastic>> Awesome Steam Background (hella Expensive tho, even after a few yrs)Cons:>>.......As i said 'You play as a bunny girl, what more can you ask ;)'Buy the darn game 10/10"
76561198090595270,Recommended,400910,29265913,Posted: 14 January,all,Chippy,85% High intensity boss fight action5% find the powerups in the easy over world10% anime girlsAnd there's a lot of anime girls
,Recommended,400910,23492482,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Jolyne Kujo,"I started the game on normal mode, and beat the first boss pretty easily, and then a skull person asked me if I wanted to make it easier. I was like ♥♥♥♥ no, and then she asked me if I wanted to raise the difficulty. Normally a person would say no and continue to play the game. But I thought ♥♥♥♥ no I'm not some ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥shitbag, so I raised it. 15.5 hours later and I deeply regret that decision. but I haven't given up yet. I will beat it on Hard mode.But legit, this game is freaking awesome. And even if you don't want to play a really hard game, just play it on filthy casual for a good experience. Or should I say Gold Experience?"
76561198081606259,Recommended,400910,28589149,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Rena,"It's Metroid, but adorable. Great artwork and OST. Pickup the UPRPRC edition for the artbook and soundtrack, they're worth the few extra bucks."
,Recommended,400910,20834317,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,Keinn,"It has bunny girls. Metroidvania with bullethell aspects type gameplay, bretty fun."
,Recommended,400910,21372796,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,『 Shadman 』,Its an amazing game- OST is very good. One of the best of heard.- Characters are cute.- Gallery mode :)- A Boss Rush and Speedrun mode.- And I guess cute graphics.I'm bad at reviews since this is my first but yeah I recommmend this game to people.
,Recommended,400910,21410941,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,[恋緋姫]ヴァンピィ,不错的人设，不错的剧情，不错的自由度。从HARD开始到BEX的结束，整个过程看出了制作组为这个游戏费了不少心思，在STG方面也是费了工夫，我非常感谢你们做了这么好的游戏作品，因此过几天考虑去参加众筹，支持作品，不过我挺希望制作组出一个类似的STG游戏（
,Recommended,400910,30839750,Posted: 30 March,all,Merp-Kun,"Honestly, if you are going to pirate this game, you deserve to die.This game deserves its revenue for its mass content and gameplay.The story is great, the art is great, the concept is great,But its gameplay...... WhOOORarely you see a bullet hell platformer as great as this.You can choose a variety of modes where you don't have to backtrack everysingle map to beat the game,and you can choose so if you want to.The difficulty modes shows the high skill cap of the game, and serves as a challenge to those that aregood at these bullet hell games.For normal players, this is a great definition of a well designed platformer, and i highly suggest you buy this game."
,Recommended,400910,32978422,Posted: 29 June,all,You-chan,"I'm a Bunny girl in the Bunny worldLife aint plastic, it's fantastic!You can brush my hair, undress me everywhereImagination, life is your creationCome on, Bunny, let's go party!"
76561198048973913,Recommended,400910,21682137,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Irisu,Great bunny game.
,Recommended,400910,26496951,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Isn't Betty a Woman's Name?,"In my opinion, the best metroidvania so far this decade.Please don't let the artstyle turn you away; this is at least a 9/10."
,Recommended,400910,28019044,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Nipple Nutella,"What to like about this game:-Bunny girl-Awesome gameplay-Bunny girl-Great story-Bunny girl-RIDICULOUSLY CATCHY SOUNDTRACKS!!!-Bunny girl-2D side-scrolling darksoul simulation-with bunny girl-cute graphicAnd finally,-bunny girlGET THIS GAME!!!"
,Recommended,400910,28021165,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Marisa,"Bunny girls, platforming, exploration, and danmaku. What else you want?"
,Recommended,400910,28042273,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,⛎~『♊SpoopyRipey♊』~⛎,"(No Spoilers in this review. You're good to go :3)Okay, So where do I start first...Oh yes, The Characters.So first off all, We have Erina the Bunny Girl. She has a simple Nepgear-like personality and a Reisen Udongein Inaba appearance. She also has a Piko Hammer. A pretty good Protagonist.Next, We have Ribbon the Fairy. At first, She can only use 1 type of magic but with exploring, She can use SUNLIGHT YELLOW OVERDRIVE to Rainbow Magic. She's dressed a bit lewdly but she does have a happy and more carefree personality than Erina. Also, She can fly...Pretty much it.Next, The story is great. It starts off happy-go-lucky and cute into a more of a serious story but, Let's not get into that.Soundtrack is probably better than UnderTale by a longshot. It's like a combination of different music genres at different areas. The Opening with Anime Openings mixed with Retro and etc.The artstyle for the CG kinda bothers me a bit but at the same time, It's really good-looking. I also like the sprites for some of the characters. Even though they used the same base for some characters, I can tell they put a ton of effort designing them.The Cons that I can see here is that it has some flashing colors so people with Epilepsy aren't gonna have a bunch of fun.Either way, Cons or non, This game is beautiful by far. It's a good choice if you want to get into a bullet hell game since it's pretty hard too."
76561197975845420,Recommended,400910,29555923,Posted: 28 January,all,Not John Malkovich,Cute little surrealist RPG/BulletHell thing.
76561197970822210,Recommended,400910,22736071,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,ambi,"It's like Steins;Gate, I face my own powerlessness as I keep going back in time after the girl dies. Over and over. I'm so tired. Will I reach the timeline where I beat the boss and defeat the bunny cultists?"
,Recommended,400910,30595932,Posted: 18 March,all,(・ >  ◡  > ・),(´・◡・｀) Great game
,Recommended,400910,23014558,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Adolfus Hintler,"This game is amazingIt has great SoundtrackIt has great GameplayIt has a fairly good amount of play time especially for its priceIt even has some post game content for when you complete the main part of the game.The Bosses in the post game are much harder than the bosses in the main game, even on normal difficultyEspeciallyIrisuThat son of a ♥♥♥♥♥For that boss you'll have to become one with Roy Jones or expect nothing else than defeat.10/10 dough"
,Recommended,400910,34667005,Posted: 1 September,all,GRRRR,"Pretty good Metroidvania platformer with bullet hell elementsIts obviously very anime but within ordinary gajin tolerance levels.Graphics are low def in a SNES Kirby way, no biggie tho.The story is some nonsense about how you got transformed from a bunny into a shapely human with fitting swimsuit and to power the portal back you need people so you run around and beat them up. The dialogue is not Shakespeare by any means but harmless enough and doesnt faff around so you dont have to click for half an hour reading some ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.The previous points might still be enough to qualify a lesser game for the trash heap but here the gameplay is spot on. General Gameplay is the usual Metroidvania stuff executed really well. During the many boss fights the bullethell element comes into play most heavily and each of em is different. If that sounds scary, you dont need to be super skillfull (altho the game scores not being hit). If you do enough exploring and powered up by finding stuff you can for the most part get away with facetanking some and still finish the fights - at least on the normal non korean-on-a-sugar-high difficulty i guess.So yeah there is actually a really solid game under the anime coating, give it a try"
,Recommended,400910,28677445,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,bengi,weeb/10 would play again
,Recommended,400910,20843973,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,NPC #888,"If you thought Bunny Must Die was a crazy awesome game featuring a bunny girl, you ain't seen nothing yet."
,Recommended,400910,20849530,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Yukon,"Awsome Game, Driving Story, Worth the buy!"
,Recommended,400910,34180954,Posted: 11 August,all,Mayo-chan,"This is honestly better than any other metroidvania I've played on Steam. Hallow Knight, Axiom Verge, Shadow Complex... all great games, but they all felt like they're missing something, whether it's better controls or perhaps being a bit too derivitave of what's already out there. Rabi-Ribi's graphics can be an eyesore at times (some sprites literally ripped from Touhou, on top of mixing several artstyles), but it's super long, super challenging, and super fun, doesn't hold your hand other than teaching you certain mechanics. For a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ looking indie game that appears to appeal to horny weeaboos, the amount of content this game offers is staggering and never seems to end. I both love and hate the bosses, as they continuously provide new challenge after challenge after challenge, but tend to be on the long side. The story is completely forgettable moe garbage, but all the cutscenes are skippable. The game starts out slow but after the first hour it completely opens up allowing you to explore the entire game at whatever pace you like starting from Chapter 2. If you're still on the fence... just buy it. There's a lot worse things that can ♥♥♥♥ up a game than ♥♥♥♥♥♥ moe graphics."
,Recommended,400910,30907786,Posted: 2 April,all,Just Satori,"Very fun! Though, it is visual-novel esque, so if that's not your thing, you may want to skip"
76561198040988447,Recommended,400910,21084656,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,TimewarpXD1,Kawaii anime babes +bullet hell action+ metroidvania style adventure = shut up and take my money
,Recommended,400910,21170707,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Amelia M. Weiston,"Usagi = RabbitPeropero = LickingClubWe will not stop, we will not be silenced!"
,Recommended,400910,30608330,Posted: 18 March,all,cloud_4602,Oppai bunny waifu for lifu.
,Recommended,400910,28656577,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,"Stones, Thy Will is Salad",Its fun
,Recommended,400910,33306482,Posted: 6 July,all,Tillburg,"GLANCE RECOMMENDATION:84% YES/ 16% NOGOODCute character designs.Fun, colorful environments. You'll grow to love a select few as you run around discovering secrets.Hands down the best things are the comics. Give those a read from the main menu, they're rather funny.A surprisingly in depth combat system that really tows the line between bullet hell and ""I give up"". Lots of attacks to string together and variants with the ranged attacks.There's an absurd amount of things to collect and explore. In some cases you can break the sequence of chapters with clever movement, which is an actual achievement.There's an adaptive difficulty that is VERY real. You'll die to a boss wondering if you're supposed to be there, but yes this is a (for the most part) tackle bosses as you come across them to unlock more main story. Thankfully if you take too long fighting a boss & die or just die repeatedly to a boss, you'll get the option for angelic buffs which I'm guessing help but I was never sure what it did. It can definitely get frustrating dealing with the bullet hell landscape, but practice patientce and you should find more openings in your next attempts.The. Item. Shop. Music. Son.NEUTRALStory and dialogue are... odd and rather forgettable. I found myself skipping the dialogue towards the back end and not really caring about the continuation of the story. Almost every single fight just feels shoe horned as the boss needs a reason to fight you.SUMMARYThere's a reason so many people give this a high rating. It's got a lot to do, fun characters, some nice sound tracks, a killer selection of comics in the steam artwork, and deep combat for those looking for it. I'm not particularly a fan of the gameplay, but I appreciated all my options and how it handled the difficulty curve in general."
,Recommended,400910,33277451,Posted: 5 July,all,∞∞(σ∀σ✻)∞∞,which rabi would you ribi?
76561198003184070,Recommended,400910,26257828,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Irion,Bunnies <3
,Recommended,400910,20912447,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Homicade,This game is so ke ai (cute)Vast world with cute characters everywhere >////<Would be perfect if the game supports multiplayer
76561198388889834,Recommended,400910,32782437,Posted: 25 June,all,Spooky Spider Girl,"An amazing game with even more amazing gameplay!it feels like i'm playing castlevania symphony of the night, touhou, and a bit of megaman all in one!"
,Recommended,400910,34983365,Posted: 15 September,all,¡𝓜𝓐𝓢𝓗𝓤~,⢠⠎⢹⣷⡄⢀⠔⠋⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠈⠳⣤⣀⡀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣰⠃⠄⢸⣿⣿⡏⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠈⠉⠛⣳⣦⣤⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢀⣰⣃⡥⢵⡞⠛⠉⢁⣠⠤⠀⠀⣀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢀⣴⣾⣿⡿⠋⢸⣆⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢀⣠⣖⣯⣿⣿⣿⣯⡷⣤⣾⣷⡆⠀⠀⢀⣬⣗⠉⠉⢀⣀⣀⣴⣿⣿⡿⠋⢒⠂⢸⡟⡆⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣰⣯⣾⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡿⣿⣫⢿⣿⣯⣿⡿⣯⣷⣾⣷⣖⣫⣿⣷⣿⣾⣿⣅⠀⠣⠀⢸⠁⡇⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣼⣿⣿⢿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣏⡟⠁⢹⣿⣿⣿⣻⠛⣟⣿⣿⣿⣟⣾⣿⣿⣿⣿⣯⢷⠀⢀⠏⠾⠷⣆⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢰⣧⠷⠛⢉⡿⣽⣿⣿⣿⢏⣀⠀⠸⣿⣿⣿⡏⡀⠬⣫⣛⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣟⣯⣭⣽⠲⡀⡟⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢸⣻⣿⣿⣯⠟⠁⢪⢳⠀⢿⣿⢿⢁⠔⠋⠉⢫⡙⢷⡿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣽⡶⠶⣯⠉⠀⢀⡶⠶⠶⣄⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⡟⣿⣿⣿⣱⠀⠀⣸⡇⠀⠈⢿⣿⠠⠀⠀⠀⣸⣿⡄⠉⠺⢿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣼⡄⠀⣏⠀⠀⠀⢸⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢰⣿⣿⣿⢹⣿⣶⣾⣿⡇⠀⠀⠀⠉⣷⣤⣤⣾⣿⣿⣇⠀⠀⢸⣹⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡇⠀⠘⠦⣤⡴⠚⢦⡀⠀⠀⠀⢸⣿⣿⡿⡟⡟⣿⡿⣹⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣿⣿⣿⣿⡿⢿⡏⠀⠀⢸⢺⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⢻⡇⠀⠀⠀⣏⠀⠀⠀⢿⠀⠀⠀⢸⣿⣿⣿⠃⠁⠀⠐⠁⡀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠑⠈⠛⠋⠀⠚⠁⠀⠀⢸⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡾⠀⠀⠀⠘⠦⣤⠴⠿⢤⠀⠀⢸⣟⡿⠁⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⡀⢀⡀⠀⢀⡄⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣾⣿⣿⣿⢳⣿⣿⣳⠇⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣯⠀⠀⢸⡇⠀⠀⣧⣿⣦⡀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠉⠉⠈⠉⠉⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣠⣯⡿⣿⢯⡟⣿⣯⠏⠀⠀⠀⣀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠈⠲⠶⡾⠒⠢⢄⡘⣾⣧⡟⠓⠦⣤⣀⣀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣀⣀⣤⡴⠚⣿⢽⢟⣵⡿⣧⡿⠁⠀⠀⠀⣜⠀⡇⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢰⠱⠤⢤⠀⠇⢸⠙⠃⠒⡤⠚⠻⡍⠉⠙⢻⠛⢻⢛⠋⠉⢁⣿⡇⠀⠗⠛⢯⡉⠀⠁⠀⠀⠀⠀⢀⣿⣿⠃⡔⢢⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢸⡀⠀⣰⢰⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠃⠀⠀⡇⠀⢀⡸⣤⡜⢄⡀⠀⢸⣿⣿⡄⠀⠀⠀⠙⡄⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣼⣿⡟⢰⣧⡜⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠉⠛⠿⡾⣤⡤⠤⠤⠤⠤⠶⠛⣽⣿⣷⣾⣿⣿⣷⣾⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡆⠀⠀⣀⠼⣄⠀⠀⢀⣴⣿⡿⣱⣿⡿⠁⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠉⠀⠀⠀⠀⢠⣦⣤⣾⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡔⢉⡠⠤⠚⢦⣶⣿⣿⣯⣾⣿⠟⠁⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠁⡀⢀⣤⣾⣿⣿⡿⠿⠛⠁⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢻⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡿⠋⠉⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠉⠲⣟⠿⢿⣿⣿⡿⣿⣿⣿⣿⢿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣛⠿⠏⠁⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠉⠙⣆⣐⣲⠖⠿⠲⠖⠲⣟⣋⡿⠉⠁⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⡾⢀⣼⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣧⠀⢵⡀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠙⠋⠁⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠈⠓⠚
,Recommended,400910,32899946,Posted: 27 June,all,Power-Fusion,Bunny yes.
,Recommended,400910,21002292,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Scarletu~,I like it.
,Recommended,400910,28080772,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Fairy2Fiddle,"Rabi-Ribi is up there as one of the best metroidvanias I've experienced, and has proven based off of other high ratings and mine to be one of the best metroidvanias in 2016, which says something about the others that have been churned out. The gameplay definitely keeps you on your toes, the difficulty levels are wide enough that any skill level can enjoy the game, the soundtrack is subperb. The only thing holding this back from being a complete cult classic in about 10 years is the weeaboo primary demographic and the par-on-average storytelling.STORY/WRITING7/10________________________________The story is nothing special. You play Erina, a bunny rabbit that was turned into a girl for some unknown reason. You get transported to another world, filled with magic, called Rabi-Rabi Island. It's here where you set out to find your Master and find out what is even happening. Story is pretty cliche and doesn't throw in a lot of twists, but you'll find some depth in there.The writing is par on average. There's some really interesting jokes and comments the characters make, but otherwise it's rather predictable. Won't blame Sekai Project for being like this - They've mostly written Visual Novels, one of their popular ones being Nekopara. Still, might've been a good idea to study a little further into storytelling that metroidvanias really like.The character design has a pretty clear demographic - Men. There's plenty of scantily-clad girls in here, with some bordering on even being a bit TOO small-looking to wear such. The cutscenes like to play with men's crotches too. At least the characters, and surprisingly cultures, are diverse. You'll find plenty of personalities, so if you don't mind the girls baring their middriffs often, I don't think girls can't enjoy this, either.SOUND9/10________________________________The game's sound effects are good, but they aren't out of the ball park. What you hear is what you get - agoodhurt sound effect, agoodattack sound effect, agoodmagic sound effect. The sound effects aren't what you will remember, it's themusic. The music is average for a japanese indie game dev team - in which that means that it's pretty [gaben] amazing. There's a wide variety of different instruments, tempos, and keys that make each level's soundtrack unique. My favorite has to be the final boss themes, but in terms of stage, the Starting Forest - Night theme is pretty relaxing.GAMEPLAY9/10________________________________This is one of the biggest parts of the game's positive qualities. The pauses could have a little more difficulty in them, even for higher difficulty levels, but that doesn't hurt the pauses in any way. They help build up for the main parts of the gameplay - the bosses, and oh boy, aren't there plenty. If it's a major character, you will fight them. Don't worry, you WILL fight them. And yes, you will fight yourself, too. The bosses, of course, are also the main part of any bullet-curtain game, which this game takes plenty of inspiration from, so guess what you will be having to deal with when you face these bosses? Dodging pretty patterns of deadly pellets. Or bullets. Or lasers. Or both.That said, you get all of the tools needed to handle such bosses. First off, unlike a lot of bullet hells, you have a close-quarters weapon - your hammer. It deals a LOT of damage, and has plenty of combos to go off of. Then you have your partner, a barely-clothed fairy named Ribbon. She's your bullet-hell-style damage dealer, having the ability to throw out damaging projectiles, let that be yellow beams that penetrate enemies, or homing green projectiles that heal half a hit-point per hit. Oh, and if you hit them enough, you can summon a massive super-attack that also gives you a benefit, like extra defense or health regen, or extra attack power. There's plenty of strategies for this game.There are some left-in skips and secrets from the beta that allows for some sequence breaking, though most of it won't be too much of an issue. Almost every game-breaking sequence break is patched up. With that in mind, there's some nice speedrunning capabilities in this game, and there's also some achievements for it. There might be some secret techniques too...?OVERALL8/10________________________________This game is an excellent example of a metroidvania paced right, and even better, a good example of metroidvania crossed with another game style in general. If you like metroidvanias, this is your introduction to bullet-curtain games like Touhou and many others. Those who like bullet-curtain games - welcome to Metroidvanias. As well, for those who like a challenge, this game's difficulty will keep you on your toes. Best part: So far, all of the content updates have been FREE. So the devs aren't being jerks about the game. Might be a seller for you. Have fun, otaku nerds. :P"
,Recommended,400910,27738893,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Bunny (Alter),bun bun bun bun bun bun bun bun
76561198065854351,Recommended,400910,23624171,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Captain DoodleShvanz,"For starters, I bought this game at a little bit of a discount (I can't remember how much). $17.99 seems fair though. Axiom Verge was $19.99, and well worth it. I may be wrong, but Rabi seems to have more content. So, there ya go. Really fun gameplay. Dynamic. Unique. Great idea meshing the open world metroidvania style with bullet hell. It really works. Full disclosure, I'm not an anime guy. And the story, with the corresponding wall of text is grating to me. Not knocking you, if you like it. But, if you're like me, you almost definitely will not. The constant text stops really takes away from the overall fantastistic gameplay, in my opinion. I saw there is a speedrun mode which I assume is devoid of text. So, that's pretty sweet. Also, you can fast forward it pretty quickly. So, if you're here for the gameplay don't fear, it's there in abundance. I like the leveling, it's decently unique. And, the game doesn't limit what bosses you fight or what direction you go as far as I can tell. Which, is probably the single most awesome feature. Wanna get slayed by something double your level? This game says, ""go right ahead"". If you manage to beat that boss, and trust me, it will be a real challenge. You probably won't be hindered by some dumb incumberence, like having a certain item or ability. For the most part, you should be free to explore. Which is seriously cool. Tons of overhead with the difficulty, at least for me. Haven't tried the harder modes, but there are 5 or 6 different difficulty levels which is incredibly promising. Someone correct me if I'm wrong. I was playing in normal, and after a while, I was getting my a** kicked. I'm pretty darn accustomed to shmups and metroid, so the challenge is definitely there. On a more nitpicky note, the menus are really nice at least from what I've used. Really high level of polish in this game, and you can see it with how logically so many pieces of UI are laid out. Again, the anime style story has not been for me. The art is great especially in the stills, but how many ellipses can a single piece...of...dialogue...possibly...have...  That said, awesome game. Great buy for metroidvania people looking for a fulfilling feeling twist or bullet-hellers who like a well crafted platformerer. Definitely a fan. Definitely would suggest it to either of those types of gamer."
,Recommended,400910,27056409,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Forever_Neutral,"Found this game.Reaction, ""Omg Anime Bullet Hell"".Start Playing.Within one hour....Learn the true meaning of rage quit."
,Recommended,400910,28344567,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Siki Rebirth,makes you feel bad about liking rabbit girls.
,Recommended,400910,28437371,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Ethel,bunny
,Recommended,400910,27366653,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Nuked,nice game
,Recommended,400910,27400253,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Minakami Yuki,Actually spent more time on this than what is displayed.Really fun and challenging!1111 Will return sooner or later xd
,Recommended,400910,27556471,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Rakkii Hoshi,"Before playing this game I questioned how well you could merge two completely different genres, a Metroidvania and a Bullet Hell. The answer I got blew me away, the boss battles are some of the best I've ever seen in the Metroidvania genre. I hold both Metroid and Castlevania to high acclaim but if there was one compliant I had for both of these series it would be that the bosses are too easy, with this game each boss is a challenge that will have you on edge throughout the battle.It starts off quite easy but the difficulty ramps up as you progress, the bosses present a fair challenge should you not be trigger happy and analyse their attack patterns (though for one or two of them I think they could have telegraphed their attacks better). The game also starts off with a basic move set but increases to have such variety that is rarely seen in the genre, the combos you can perform in battle are so satisfying.Though you may look at the price and think its a little expensive for a game in this genre but believe me its well worth the price, even without being in a sale. It could take you close to 20 hours to beat it but it comes with a wealth of content that there's still plenty to do after you beat it. That's also not going into the 100+ achievements this game has, so it has plenty of replayability to it. A nice little bonus is the short manga that you can read in the game that pokes fun at the game and its characters.If you're put off by the 'lewd' art then don't worry, there isn't much sexual content in this game. If a scene does feature this it's more for comedy than for eroticism. It's a beautiful game with an equally brilliant soundtrack, I honestly recommend buying the artbook and soundtrack.This game has garnered high praise and reviews for a reason, well worth checking out for anyone looking to buy a 2D platformer on steam."
,Recommended,400910,21114321,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,漢 a.k.a GAMI,A Really nice game with much opportunities10/10
76561198001168773,Recommended,400910,27666805,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Tsubame,Suprisingly good
76561198337837981,Recommended,400910,27896951,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Medaka11,"If you like the illustrations in this game and action games, you should buy and play it. A lot of girls are waiting for you to join in bullet hell.I chose the normal difficulty and found it was far harder than I had expected. Girls in the latter half beat me up over and over, but I didn't become mad because they were so pretty."
76561198159300561,Recommended,400910,27988018,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,lolfrog,good music and fun game!!
,Recommended,400910,25972720,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Schmidkalkan~ ★,I ♥♥♥♥ing died to a succubus which stunned me and made the screen go black when approached me.11/10
,Recommended,400910,21594738,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,2gal of coffee poured in my anus,"The game is nice, but Erina's♥♥♥♥♥is nicer."
,Recommended,400910,24323312,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Mijin,"This is one of the best games I've played in years. It's a fun Metroidvania / Bullethell game that is very well made with TONS of replay value. The devs did a great job working out the acivements that are also stored server side for the leader board so they can't be cheated. This game is immensely challenging at higher difficulty levels and immensely fun. After a huge effort I was finally able to unlock all 148 achivements last week, but I still plan on playing more to get some better speed run times on the leader board.Also the game has great awrtwork, I highly recommend buying the artbook DLC, not just to support the devs, and for the great art, but it also comes with a lot more play content, everything from the beta and new playable characters for bossrush mode. I bought the sound track too just to support the devs, this game is that good.If you love very challenging games, grew up playing metroidvania games, and love sexy 2D waifus, then this game is well worth your investment. I've never reccommended a game so highly on steam."
76561198040306007,Recommended,400910,28576704,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Sidbot,"This is like those Castlevania games on the GBA, but with MOE-GOODNESS."
,Recommended,400910,26116649,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,๖Wick ❤,steam doesn't let me refund itedit : i play this game to tell my mom that im not gay
,Recommended,400910,26610705,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Fafnir,A bunny is fine too.
,Recommended,400910,27192047,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,ChrisJD10,Fun game with pretty looking attacks.
,Recommended,400910,27064976,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Ratei,"I love classic Metroidvania games so I took a liking to this one. The art is decent enough and cute. Though this one is mixed with Bullet Hell which I totally sucks with, might induce rage quitting. Is one of the few indie games I very much like. So highly recommended."
,Recommended,400910,27305329,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,♥KittyVulxis,"Just bought this game a day ago, already loving it! *^* just..OVERLOADED WITH CUTENESS♥♥♥if you love bunnies or neko's , you'll love this game ♥1000000000/10 ♥"
76561197979669620,Recommended,400910,21189715,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Niro,"Absolutely fantastic game. It's rare that I find a game like this where it resonates with me and I actually enjoy playing it for hours on end. This game is one of the highest rated games on steam for a reason, and if you look at what few negative reviews there are, it's mostly people♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off because they suck at the game, or taking serious offense to one minor issue or another and raging about it in the review section.Let me just get the most contentious part out of the way right now: The story isn't for everyone. If you like deep serious plot and only deep serious plot, the story will rub you the wrong way. I'd say it's more your speed if slice of life is your speed. The game does get dialog heavy in some areas, and there is one notorious boss where the game literally spams you with about a dozen single-line cutscene events (THE SKIP KEY DOES NOTHING). Overall, though, this game's selling point isn't the plot by a long shot.Gameplay is where the game really shines. It has a metroidvania system of progression with platformer combat. There's a simplistic melee weapon with a combo system and a few other moves, and a variety of ranged attacks you acquire throughout the game. What sets this game apart from other metroidvanias is the inclusion of bullet hell elements, and it does it really well. Boss fights are a blast, and I say that as someone who usually doesn't like bullet hell. Don't worry about it being too hard, there's a wide range of difficulties, and the casual difficulty is easier than the vast majority of the games on here.Graphically, this game isn't the most impressive. I want to hate the ridiculously low-res sprite artwork the game went with, but it pulls it off really well. This game has pretty colors out the♥♥♥♥♥ which is a thing that I love as a matter of personal preference. Character CGs aren't the best, and look kind of ameteurish; a lot of the drawings look bland or just off, the biggest offender being that a lot of them look doll-jointed for some reason. Despite that, the CGs are good enough, the waifus look cute af.There's nothing about the sound design that stands out in this game. as far as SFX goes, it feels like generic 8-bit SFX. What is impressive is this game has the best soundtrack I've heard in a game in a long time, perhaps ever. I love the music in this game and completely recommend the OST for it.Finally, there is one thing about this game I hate:this is one of the most unoptimized games I have ever played in my life. Looking at the game's graphical assets it has no business having this much of a framerate problem. It's picky about whether or not you have steam overlay enabled, whether or not you have aero enabled, and what video mode you have. Some combinations can slow the game to a crawl on my GTX 960 gaming PC. This game runs slow on my laptop that can run Borderlands 2 fairly well. I'd dare to say that unless your laptop is new or built for gaming, rabi ribi will not play nice with it, and you should just wait for the upcoming PS4/vita release.PROS:+ + + Absolutely superb mix of metroidvania/bullet hell+ + + Fantastic soundtrack+ + Pulls off a cute aesthetic really well+ + WaifusCONS:- - - Horrendous optimization"
76561198118504668,Recommended,400910,26244073,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Neptune,best game of all time!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,400910,26274074,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Kawaii Moe Kid,Actually the best game I have ever bought on steam.
,Recommended,400910,29500129,Posted: 26 January,all,亞羅良宮守,"a whole afternoon just... disappered本当に素晴らしいです~く__,.ヘヽ.　　　　/　,ー､ 〉＼ ', !-─‐-i　/　/´／｀ｰ'　　　 L/／｀ヽ､/　 ／,　 /|　 ,　 ,　　　 ',ｲ 　/ /-‐/　ｉ　L_ ﾊ ヽ!　 iﾚ ﾍ 7ｲ｀ﾄ　 ﾚ'ｧ-ﾄ､!ハ|　 |!,/7 '0'　　 ´0iソ| 　 ||.从""　　_　　 ,,,, / |./ 　 |ﾚ'| i＞.､,,__　_,.イ / 　.i 　|ﾚ'| | / k_７_/ﾚ'ヽ,　ﾊ.　|| |/i 〈|/　 i　,.ﾍ |　i　|.|/ /　ｉ： 　 ﾍ!　　＼　|kヽ>､ﾊ 　 _,.ﾍ､ 　 /､!!'〈//｀Ｔ´', ＼ ｀'7'ｰr'ﾚ'ヽL__|___i,___,ンﾚ|ノﾄ-,/　|___./'ｰ'　　!_,.:"
,Recommended,400910,25138069,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,xXSkySlayerXx,Really love how the game is the story is really great and the battle systems is fine i'm just bad at dodging attacks.
,Recommended,400910,23194348,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,Nixiomihla,"A really fun game with an amazing soundtrack. Definately worth the money, especially if you're looking for a good time waster and something to replay over and over."
,Recommended,400910,22391601,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,Picochilla,Like Tewi Inaba on rampage!
,Recommended,400910,26311545,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Tempest.Me,"I've never thought I would say that on steam, but the price of definitely too low for a game of that caliber."
,Recommended,400910,28577972,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Bernkastel,Now i'm a bunny lover
76561198261126786,Recommended,400910,23181539,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,~* Scarlet *~,"Nice, cute game :3A nice game to play a little ^^It was a good thing to buy it :D :3"
,Recommended,400910,29331980,Posted: 17 January,all,Soupah,It has bunny girl.
,Recommended,400910,23926651,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Kahlrim,Do you like a cute anime art style? Do you like platfomers? Willing to try a bullet hell with an awesome soundtrack? If your answer to all of those questions are yes then get this game you will not be dissappointed. I had a lot a fun playing this and will be doing a second run in new game plus eventually.
,Recommended,400910,22812313,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,itsmenessie,Great story line and gameplay :)
76561198023288813,Recommended,400910,22834319,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,WenArlin,Best game ever !
76561198089446000,Recommended,400910,22900118,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Lord Fluttershy,"juste buy it, there's nothing else to say"
,Recommended,400910,25440973,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Nekomata Chen,The gameplay is pretty decentit's a great game for people who enjoy shooting game with a bit of a storyline and some cute character along with it
76561198062178881,Recommended,400910,23870312,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,The Great Will,>>buy a carrot for cocoa10/10 would buy again
,Recommended,400910,20876567,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Tallcat,Metroidvania with danmaku+spectacle-fighter combat. Great art and music.
,Recommended,400910,35030007,Posted: 17 September,all,Qwertii |  2D > 3D,buy pls (⁎˃ᆺ˂)
,Recommended,400910,34985655,Posted: 15 September,all,OmniLlama,The Lolicops can only arrest me if they can catch me.
76561198318593910,Recommended,400910,35000371,Posted: 16 September,all,XanLimit,im not a pedophile trust me
76561198086968895,Recommended,400910,26075432,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,distilled water,"Rabi-Ribi is most definitely a positive experience. But playing it i have come across many large flaws.To start, The world that you explore is the most bland level design that compares to a young kids first mario fan game. There have been times that the platforming caused me to almost fail.The plot Makes my whole body hurt, It makes no sense. It makes just enough sense to make it feel like it makes sense, But in reality, It's meaningless and vapid.Some bullet patterns are Fun most of the time, But There have been many times the game had a pattern that had a special rule that was never explained.Everything in this game feels like a long tutorial with no exploration making the non linear maps make no point and feel like a grind for in-between the bosses.Also some people in game creeped on the main character and i did not like that."
,Recommended,400910,22639462,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Ｃold • Ｒain,"Would You Like Help?> No*Gets♥♥♥♥♥Kicked*Would You Like Help?> No*Gets♥♥♥♥♥Kicked*Would You Like Help?> FINE WHATEVER, GOD."
,Recommended,400910,32163237,Posted: 3 June,all,echo,"Excellent and really challenging metroidvania-like game, the overwhelming positive review don't lie, and it's not only because of the bunny girl. Also you should take the UPRPRC edition instead of the base game only, the digital artbook isn't only a digital artbook, and the OST are totally worth.Thanks to the devs."
76561198148966981,Recommended,400910,30292252,Posted: 3 March,all,hikiyume,"Rabi-Ribi is like Touhou and ""metroidvania"" had the cutest baby ever. I'm in love."
,Recommended,400910,32153230,Posted: 3 June,all,Razerheart (MIA),"Do not let the current play time of 20 minutes trick you: I have played several hours on Offline Mode.I can only recommend this game if you like any of the following:So, you like Metroidvania games that have a grand level spike and achievement hell?You like a colorful cast that might remind you of Touhou and other anime?A bunnygirl with a hammer and a fairy sidekick that fight all sorts of... stuff?Then you will like this game."
,Recommended,400910,32008599,Posted: 27 May,all,NAStrahl,"As an action platformer with bullet hell elements, Rabi-Ribi is excellent. The soundtrack is also something that shouldn't be missed. However, the story and RPG components could use some work. I still have no clue as to what is going on and why the protagonist is a rabbit turned into a bunny girl. RPG elememts, while excuted well enough, seem excessive. I rarely, if ever, used any of the power-ups I accquired later on the game.Sorry, but as good as the game is other fronts, having non useful upgrades and very mysterious or unrevealing story grinds my gears. Thumbs down. (Thumbs up, though, if you like really cute anime girls.)"
,Recommended,400910,21143492,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,akiramete,ＥＹＩＫ　ＶＯ’ＨＯＬＬＯＭ！Official Wiki here:http://rabi-ribi.wikia.com/
,Recommended,400910,34845028,Posted: 9 September,all,HimpoX,"""Normal"" difficulty my♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,400910,28549602,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Linken Square,"Great BGM, CG, adventure, and map. Have fun exploring.  This game is still constantly updating minor patch for free. Recommend."
76561198041550791,Recommended,400910,28436476,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,demick12,"Bunnies, bunnies, BUNNIES! You know who wouldn't love this game? Elmer Fudd. Forget him, though...It's the craziest, cutest trip you've ever had in an action/danmaku platformer! You are doing yourself a disservice by not getting this wonderful artfully crafted string of ones and zeroes!All the characters are just dynamic, and the music's not bad either - in fact, it's pretty toe-tapping!"
,Recommended,400910,26342843,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,BOPYRIGHT,um 10/10 gave me a boner
76561198256452709,Recommended,400910,23967215,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,schnoppelschnap,"Apart from the obvious bunny girl stuff, I think it's a fun game because of the boss battles. I'm not very good at these kinds of games, so I get a rush when I beat a boss. Currently I'm stuck, but always cutting it close. While this may seem like a stupid thing to buy, I recomend it because for me it's tons of fun."
76561198305392304,Recommended,400910,34754224,Posted: 5 September,all,IcyTurbit,"Great music. Fantastic artwork. If you've ever thought of getting this game, just do it. This game's worth every penny."
76561198020291711,Recommended,400910,32738069,Posted: 24 June,all,YO,"Other games have no rabbit-girl, those are bad bad.This game have rabbit-girl, this is good good."
76561198162901205,Recommended,400910,29175111,Posted: 10 January,all,SpookyCrustacean,"I hate life, so I play this game so I can masturbate to anime girls."
76561198113289753,Recommended,400910,25309743,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Aoikuchinashi,Bought it during a sale not knowing what to expect.Now my parents feel the same as i did but of me instead.10/10 will disappoint parents again.
,Recommended,400910,20872455,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,FassQi,BULLET HELL!!!!andGreat soundtrack
,Recommended,400910,32019603,Posted: 28 May,all,Juno Brier,"Where do I even start with this one?Okay, how about the gameplay? It kinda seems like what happens when you combine Metroid's exploration, Nier's combat, and Touhou's bullet hell, and get every single aspect of all three of them absolutely perfectly. This game also is pretty interesting as far as metroidvanias go in that while the main plot is pretty linear (as usual for pretty much any game), the exploration is extremely open, far more than an actual Metroid or Castlevania. And in true metroidvania fashion, there's plenty of ways to skip certain things, all the way up to almost every item in the game.The developers quite clearly put a lot of thought into the game too, thinking about what kind of shenanigans a more adventurous player might get into, usually by adding little hidden details that enable the player to do their thing, and maybe even adding an achievement for it. It's these little details that make the aforementioned no-item run possible to clear.With all the above-mentioned stuff, plus the different difficulty settings and different challenges to do, I just keep coming back to play more of this game. It's really quite fun.Oh yeah, I should probably say something about the characters. They're quite varied (in personality, appearance, and body type), and every single one of them will be endearing to you. That is all that needs to be said.Oh yeah, and the music too. The soundtrack is amazing. Every single song. Can't recommend it enough.Oh yeah, and I can't end this review without mentioning that there's references to quite a few other games. I won't mention all of them, but perhaps one of my favorite references is to a certain boss from Mega Man Zero, courtesy of Pandora and the staff she uses."
,Recommended,400910,28528497,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,CCG's noNouy16,"Kawaii game! :3 Rabi-Ribi is a 2D exploration platformer game. All such cute, i love this! :>"
,Recommended,400910,20820524,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,JJC 丨Farmskins.com,"can i ask why my win 10 cant play? keep white screen after choosing language . i hav tried safe mode still the same . hope can fix or some 1 know how to fix it can try to help me ,tqvm"
,Recommended,400910,21036203,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Destirox,2D Platformer gameThe reason for the last boss fight was stupid wtfThe music is quite nice
,Recommended,400910,24644927,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,callcollectplz,I always wanted to be a bunnygirl.
,Recommended,400910,34182662,Posted: 11 August,all,keennn83,Best game ever!!!
,Recommended,400910,34512550,Posted: 26 August,all,Zeding,This Game Is So Good <3 ^^
76561198028261812,Recommended,400910,32011822,Posted: 27 May,all,viktorhallo,"amazing game. second best 2d game ive ever played, second only to hollow knight.it"
,Recommended,400910,30077298,Posted: 21 February,all,🌸「Frøze」ゆき❄,Full of Kawaiiness <3
,Recommended,400910,20907650,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,Polis Ranger,Love this game as is so cute with the anime them.  Is up to you if you want to buy it or  wait for a sale but a good game.Hope to see more anime games like this with hard work.
,Recommended,400910,29345039,Posted: 18 January,all,Aranaya,Placeholder.
76561198052348124,Recommended,400910,28440333,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,MegaZX,Best game.
,Recommended,400910,20997268,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Izumi,BOING BOING BOING BOING BOING BOING BOING BOING BOING BOING BOING BOING BOING BOING BOING BOING BOING BOING BOING BOING BOING BOING BOING BOING BOING BOING BOING BOING BOING BOING BOING BOING
76561198208194663,Recommended,400910,24624621,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Daddy Plagueis the Wise,Great game. It was worth the price. I bought it for Harambe <3 RIP
,Recommended,400910,33774124,Posted: 24 July,all,Scopedog,"Rabi Rabi does itself no favours. Going by the art and reviews you’d assume that it was one of the seemingly endless not quite pornographic visual novels being inserted every which way into steam. Look, there’s a bunny girl and a fairy with no clothes! 10/10 would disappoint family again. Guffaw. It’s worth enduring the beady eyed judgemental stares of your awful friends though, as Rabi Rabi is actually one of the best Metroidvanias on steam.While it’s not as beautiful as something like Ori, Rabi Rabi has very slick presentation with excellent spritework, animation and music, even if the art itself might be more divisive. Rabi Rabi’s big selling point is its non-linearity – this is probably the most open game of its type I’ve ever played, with an expectation that you will explore as signposting is deliberately vague. Like most metroidvanias mobility options increase the speed at which you can traverse and backtrack and encourage doing so with an enormous number of hidden pickups, and the game opens up very organically. Rabi Rabi is absolutely massive as well – even a normal runthrough will take 10-12 hours, and a 100% run could easily double that.Your basic goal is to recruit characters (in largely any order), a certain number of which will allow you to move onto the next story event. You recruit characters, naturally, by beating them up. There’s a lot of boss fights in this game, and even on normal difficulty they’re no slouch, especially early on. This is where the other selling point of Rabi Rabi comes up - it’s also a bullet hell game, with every boss vomiting forth endless patterns of glowing blobs. Even with your tiny hitbox it will test your platforming and fighting skills – there’s no shame in starting on novice if you’re not a veteran of these genres, whatever the internet might say.The boss fights end up being both some of the best and worst aspects of Rabi Rabi – at their best they’re tense and challenging, at their worst they’re tiresome slogs through seemingly endless HP bars where you inevitably end up dying five minutes in to a ridiculous super attack right at the end of the fight. The open nature of the game means that there’s always a chance you’ll bite off more than you can chew, though the difficulty of the preceding area gives a pretty good indication of whether or not the boss will thoroughly bum you.In spite of these flaws Rabi Rabi represents the very best of a crowded genre on steam( alongside Axiom Verge) – it would be a shame if prospective players were put off by the theme, if only because Rabi Rabi could be the gateway to the world of waifus they secretly crave."
,Recommended,400910,25543007,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Ginnokinoko,Just a really good game with fantastic gameplay and an amazing soundtrack.You will not regret buying it.
,Recommended,400910,25297753,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Junodavidw,"I picked this up eariler this year from a stream I had watched, and I put off playing it until now and I really wish I hadn't. A big fan of Metroidvanias, and a big fan of Bullet Hells, this game combines the two to a perfect measure. The game's difficulty is nothing to sneeze at either. Even from Normal/Hard, the later bosses are amazing, and going through the game a 2nd time on Hell difficulty has given me quite a run for my money. Even at full price, the game is absolutely fantastic and I think this game should be experienced."
76561198150407431,Recommended,400910,28204711,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Haz1897,"This game is so awesome and fun, the combination of bullet hells and plaformers is simply genius"
,Recommended,400910,31064854,Posted: 10 April,all,Gustavo.,"This game is just wonderful. From the art, the story to the gameplay, I love it. It is well woth to give it a chance."
,Recommended,400910,21083845,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Zibang,Very fun Metroidvania game with challenging bosses and cute girls!! Yeehaw! Huge amount of stuff to find and bosses to beat! For once a game that I actually feel like playing! It's just FUN!!!
,Recommended,400910,22823240,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,TarzanEng,And people think Dark Souls is hard...Erina will eat Dark Souls for breakfeast
,Recommended,400910,22851158,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Cataclisma~~,Now I'm sure I am a weeabo.
,Recommended,400910,21659451,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Anonymous of Washington,It's good.This is a good game.
,Recommended,400910,24278462,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Shinjuku James Dean,"# Bullet Hell - Yes# Metroidvania  - Yes# Story - Really good# Soundtrack - Pretty good# Artwork / CGs - ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)# Bunny-girl - ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)It's pretty hard. But there are many cute characters, that's ok ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)I recommend this game for Achievement collector, you must play this game !!Just buy it and you won't get regret 10/10"
76561198026962653,Recommended,400910,24271034,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Shaman,It's not just good for the cute rabbit girls... I swear...Rabi-Ribi's combat feels good. It dwells within the bullet hell genre but is forgiving enough that you can feel like a badass without throwing a controller against the wall. The power progression from the plentiful hidden power-ups feels good to.
,Recommended,400910,22782911,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,若ロリ Kawaii loli,i seriously love this game
,Recommended,400910,29184725,Posted: 11 January,all,a mistake,It's alright.
,Recommended,400910,33208036,Posted: 3 July,all,SheepProtein,Quite fun.
,Recommended,400910,33243359,Posted: 4 July,all,dbgtgohan,Love it
76561198312999837,Recommended,400910,28606774,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,KUUHAKU,"You play as a waifu bunny-human whatever, and you have a waifu fairy, and jut complete waifu things and do waifu stuff and waifu waifu waifu.Waifu/10Would waifu again"
,Recommended,400910,33061442,Posted: 30 June,all,twonumber9,"i'm playing cute X and Zero collaborated in this game, probably new megaman x(RabiRibi version)"
,Recommended,400910,33153185,Posted: 2 July,all,Cheezburgr,"♥♥♥♥ing fantastic game, reminded me of how good this genre is. A Symphony of the Night of its own generation.Great soundtrack too."
76561198022040834,Recommended,400910,28154253,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,DarkChubb,"To get it out of the way, I love this game!I find it a bit shocking that a smaller game would still be getting supported and having new content added to it the better part of a year after release.The combat system in this game might seem relatively simple at first, you have a mellee attack button, a magic button and a special ability button. The depth for the combat comes in the form of attack combo's and your ability to avoid incoming attacks in a bullet hell style encounter. As you deal damage you recieve a rank that starts low, E, and eventually works its way through to A, then S, SS, SSS and, finally, MAX. As this goes up the amount of damage you do on attacks starts to rise as well, and as far as I'm aware, the damage bonus you can hit doesn't have a cap.You will later also unlock items which change up your combo's, like an item which will allow you to do a sliding attack that  hits like a truck or the ability to continue your attack combo a little longer by chaining a couple of air attacks at the end of your combo.The boss fights are what really makes this game and whilst they can start of relatively simple the challenge does ramp up, especially on the higher difficulties. I've never felt like any two bosses are the same and since I have played on a higher difficulty It feels like I have a lot of learning to do on any bossfight before I can actually take the boss down.I loved the games OST, my favorites were the tracks; Unfamiliar Place, Warp Destination, M.R and Full on Combat.The game does have post game content which I'm still trying to work my way through, The post game bosses are brutal man!Finally, I'm in two minds about the story, it was hardly the greatest of plotlines, but on the other hand, this is literally a game about bunnygirls, fairy's and catgirls living on an island without any men at all. In fact the first male character you talk to is referred to as a woman because no one knows what a man is!TLDR;+ Combat+ Movement+ Exploration+ OST+ Post launch support+ Character progression/upgrades~ Storyline- Had to play as a bunny girl instead of a catgirl, DAMN IT GUYS!I would definately recommend this game to anyone, especially to people, like myself, who are fans of Metroidvania style games."
76561198237843998,Recommended,400910,28071078,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,piprulz09,"Amazing! Can't stop playing...Wanna play more...Wait, when did I start writing a review? LoL"
76561198308800057,Recommended,400910,32956492,Posted: 28 June,all,[HNEP] Wispytoast,"So repeditive, yet so good. Also Erina and Ribbon both 10/10Great tooltips, detection (like the tooltip that comes up to help you with lag the first time your fps drops [halfway through the game happened once]), and help mechanics.Great Bullet Hell in general though"
,Recommended,400910,32964797,Posted: 28 June,all,Saiyu,"Its Great, your a cute rabbit girl beating up people with a hammer and everything is adorable and in a sense... really quite amusing to play, specially if you enjoy finding secrets and exploring a lot with the light music and colourful art"
76561198145863792,Recommended,400910,29154601,Posted: 9 January,all,Generic Tom,"Bunny Girl tries her best to solve the worlds problems by hitting it with a hammer and shooting it with magic until it gives up. Fun music and a great atmosphere keep me coming back, but some of the boss battles make me want to break my controller in half."
,Recommended,400910,29046763,Posted: 5 January,all,Cytryz,"Awesome game. This is definitely a hidden gem. This game is ridiculously challengingFirst off,  Aesthetically it is absolutely adorable, everything about it is just too cute. The story and dialogue is also cute and engaging. I enjoyed it quite a bit.The game felt like a really good length given the difficulty of this game.This was a very neat mix of 2D plat former, exploring, and Bullet Hell.  None of the bullet hell games appealled much to me, so this was my first. Like an idiot I was like ""heh, I'm pretty good at games, I'll just start on hard"" I pretty much hit a brick wall during the first 3rd of the game. I had to drop it down to normal and then to novice (easy). Which is what they reccommended in the first time if this was your first game. I can't even phathom playing on Bunny Extinction mode.Lol, if you think this game is easy because of how cute it is you are going to be dead wrong. The boss battles are so good. There are a lot of interesting mechanics. Especially later on some of the mechanics can be a bit overwhelming.  You really feel like you had to earn a victory. I don't want to know how many times I died. I'd like to think it is in the double digits but it could be triple :(Besides the battles, exploring the island is loads of fun. Trying to find everything is actuall kind of hard. The place is really big and there are quite a number of secrets. There's like 1 potion I just can't even figure out how to get and I've beaten the game and got all the abilities lol and there is an area later in the game I have no idea how to get to because clearly you must have to drop down from somewhere.I played this game with the Steam Controller. The keyboard is a little bit hard for me with this particular game but it worked swell with the Steam Controller. I'm sure now that Steam has recently made the Dual Shock 4 controller compatible, that would be an even better choice.This game is worth the full price. I would buy all DLC and probably future games should they make it. It was a fantastic experience and this game has an absolute ton of replay value."
,Recommended,400910,29079774,Posted: 6 January,all,thanbo,Touhou references
,Recommended,400910,29149750,Posted: 9 January,all,Penguin,"This game is an unforgettable experience.If you're on this page, chances are that you're already planning your revenge against the friend who pranked you into looking at some weeb bunny girl tripe that only degenerates would want to play.The top review mentions this game being ""deceitful"", and if I had to summarise this game, this would be my go-to word.---Rabi-Ribi is a 2D platformer Metroidvania bullet hell. It's a unique package, and you certainly won't have played a game like this beforehand.I am now going to outline what makes this game good:Great level design, items hidden in the overworld in creatively obscured ways - finding an item feels rewarding, and the game doesn't really expect you to have certain items at a certain point in time. Which leads me to...This is possibly the most flexible game I have ever seen. It adapts to whatever your situation is. Bosses scale in difficulty depending on your progression in the game and the amount of items you have. This also means that the final boss is completely possible with 0% items. This isn't like a lot of other games where you expect to steamroll a boss because you have a certain amount of items - bosses are always a challenge no matter what, and it is always rewarding to beat one.Speaking of bosses, this is easily the game's biggest strength. Boss fights come with kickass music, extremely creative patterns, buffs and debuffs which makes each boss memorable and fun to fight. Be prepared to have your screen covered in bullets in ways you'd never imagined.Difficulty options. I normally don't enjoy them, but this game did a good job including them. I've only played on Hard, but Hard is incredibly rewarding on its own. There are difficulties above Hard which outright change the patterns some bosses use, and even a Casual difficulty which I've heard is incredibly easy for people who don't care about the gameplay (what).The ranking system. I figured this needs its own bullet point due to how much it adds to the game. When you fight, you are assigned a rank. This rank goes up as long as you don't get hit by the enemy's attacks, and deal damage in a reliable way. When you have a certain rank, you gain a damage boost, and you get achievements for beating bosses with the maximum rank possible. This leads to incredibly fun fights, where you are encouraged, like a true bullet hell, to dodge everything and be as perfect as you can be. It's one of my favourite parts of the game, and it's amazingly implemented.The music. This game has some amazing music that I won't be likely to forget any time soon. I went out of my way to buy the soundtrack.The art is very good. While the character portraits and the stills aren't my thing at all, I can acknowledge that they're well made. The pixel art is great though, and everything is presented in a nice and neat way.And now some of the nitpicks:The artstyle is very polarising and can very easily make you uncomfortable if you aren't into cutesy bunny girl anime whatevers. I wouldn't be surprised if you were ashamed of being seen playing some bunny girl Sekai Project game, and the game's screenshots on the Steam Store page really don't help that.The story is overambitious and overcomplicated. It aims too high with very limited actual storytelling (which is good - this is a Metroidvania, not a VN). This is definitely a nitpick, since no-one plays these games for the story anyway - the rest of the package is enough to leave you in awe.Some typos here and there. More than the average game.Ribbon's design specifically makes me uncomfortable, and she's a main character.This is more of a recommendation than anything, but I recommend playing with a controller. I used an SNES controller and had a blast."
,Recommended,400910,29116821,Posted: 8 January,all,Philos,"Extremely indulging! It reminds me of my childhood times(Super Mario, Contra, Adventure Island, etc.), but with better graphics, better bgms, and better UI experiences. I've been listening to the OST since I purchased this game! It also reminded me of my first game on Steam-Undertale. The story mode is also thought-provoking. In a word, this is a must-have game, must-have!"
,Recommended,400910,21246227,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,deko,this is the best game ever made
76561198272186029,Recommended,400910,21197283,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,RFN-III,"Fanscinating!I'd say it is not as simple as it looks,kinda tough but enjoyable.Most of the time,you're free to explore anyplace,no need to follow the main story and there's sooo much to explore in this game.Plus awesome music and gallery,definitely a good choice for bunny-fans & metroidvania fansHighly recommended"
,Recommended,400910,21200996,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,亜,killed my whole family afterwards10/10
76561198069658036,Recommended,400910,21194398,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,♕♕♕♕♕♕,this is review me like game
76561197972257768,Recommended,400910,21191196,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,mikeb84,Cute rabbits are cute~ <3
,Recommended,400910,26286808,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Trude,A meticulously designed Metroid brawler whose punishing difficulty is only topped by its quantity of waifu bait.
76561198368968440,Recommended,400910,31026929,Posted: 8 April,all,Rachel and Mazalo,"I just got this today, 2 words SO ADDICTING"
,Recommended,400910,26249250,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Wafufu,Am I playing Rabbitgirl Zero 3?
,Recommended,400910,21722501,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Mifil,"As the great gamer that I am,2ith over 27h in portal 2,over 10(0)h in that blocky game with green kamikaze Islamists,+2000h in dress-up simulator where I am trying so hard to look like a hitler,over 70h in civ5,where I've captued Berlin serveral times with my pro skills(atomic bombs x5 then some ♥♥♥♥♥♥ tank),I rate this game ten out of million of jews,because someone in the past already killed most of them...Now this is the part,where I spread cons and pros all over your reccomendation box.Pros:-fairy slave-slavery is still not banned-scientists are actually pretty and not driven over by a truck(see Einstein)-girls use satanistic powers-game teaches morality and savoir vivre-bunnies extinction is a metaphore to holocaust or Neron's Rome of Doom-pyramids are made of sand and christianity is only on the top levels of the game-girl♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥Cons:-hitreg is♥♥♥♥♥♥-no one really wears any shorts or whatever-bigger--->stronger(aka USA vs Africa)-can hold only 2 pieces of pie,because unforseen consequences-bottomless pocket that doesn't exist since that Erina-bunny wears some costume and shet-no Stalin and communism-""you are gonna do everything and we will only watch,because huehuehuehueh""-no russian landsOverall this game is the fps of this year.Better than Trump and Washington combined."
,Recommended,400910,24098660,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,raccoon1267,How To RabiBest game i ever play. good soundtrack and good artbook 10/10 by Cocoaeverybody love bunny girls X3
,Recommended,400910,24100002,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,symphony,never knew I had a thing for bunnies before 10/10
76561198247220816,Recommended,400910,33866622,Posted: 28 July,all,Vernicht0r,"Trust me, it's awesome."
76561198057074745,Recommended,400910,34016846,Posted: 4 August,all,CurrantBerries,"This game was hard, impossible to beat without sheer determination; another good experience to tell your grandchildren to git gud."
76561198016902974,Recommended,400910,23198350,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,LaByRinTH IN LaByRinTH,แรกๆคิดว่าเกมไม่หนุกนะ แต่บอกเลย เกมทำออกมาดีมากๆ ด้วยราคาแบบนี้คุ้มเกินคุ้มครับ
,Recommended,400910,34589727,Posted: 29 August,all,RetaliationGuy008 YT,"I was actually confused what is the story about, but then I know what it is.2D platform with so many levels to explore, made me motivated to experience the levels that I gone through the game. Unluckily the computer that I am using right now is very bad, and I can't run this game properly. Furthermore, I was loving this game. The amount of different types of enemies, attacks, items, etc.. gaves me lot of energetic to complete this game.Get this game, play it with your controller, and have fun with this game. (and by the way, the main character looks pretty good, not gonna lie)"
76561198216554201,Recommended,400910,34687213,Posted: 2 September,all,[ Miru ],High quality contents and Satisfying gameplays overall . Good characters and eye soothing map ( for easy map atleast cus u wont enjoythe view if you play on harder modes XD ) . Best and Worth game to spend on including its DLCs .
,Recommended,400910,31596381,Posted: 6 May,all,alpopro,noice
76561198363732028,Recommended,400910,31745113,Posted: 14 May,all,LOL Meister,"This is a challenging game with a great soundtrack!The game runs smooth, at 60FPS with beautiful animations on my Samsung 4K with a r9 290 tri x."
,Recommended,400910,34824998,Posted: 8 September,all,Flandre Scarlet,So Im Basiclly About Say Almost 3 hours in And Already liking the game overall its nice if you like cute Shooting games. The weapons you gain Throughout the levels and also world are ery nice and can do various amount of damage. The Diff sections of worlds are very Eviormental and overall have a nice feel to it. I will play more of it cause its good game yet Despite the Spike in Difficulty it is More than Average game All around and by far the Bunny cute girl Aspect your Getting for and its well worth the Money spent trust me.
,Recommended,400910,34915079,Posted: 13 September,all,Moofacer,Best game I've ever bought. Cute waifus and engaging gameplay and mechanics. Devs seem chill as well.
76561198289100764,Recommended,400910,28638363,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,wyanette the hero,LOVE IT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,400910,29784310,Posted: 8 February,all,Avenger,非常棒的游戏。从人设到弹幕与背景音乐的相辅相成，让人乐在其中。
76561198268433134,Recommended,400910,31246262,Posted: 19 April,all,funkychicken,i find this game really entertaining and i love this game so much
,Recommended,400910,31507726,Posted: 2 May,all,KirbyHatesGays,"Really challenging for this being one of the only bullet hell games I've ever played, it sure is fun!"
,Recommended,400910,35022233,Posted: 17 September,all,imsolarpowered,very gud boring plot
,Recommended,400910,35058785,Posted: 18 September,all,Super Kame,"Had no idea what to expect when I went in to this, besides basic gameplay elements and comparisons to other games, but I didn't expect to get hooked and find the story to be pretty good and entertaining.  Give it a shot.  Hell, give it a few shots.  Just don't hop past this bunnygirl filled adventure."
,Recommended,400910,22836907,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Jäger,"In a nutshell:Gr8 girlsGr8 gameplayGr8 value for moneyGr8 environmentIf you are a masochist and want to be constantly dominated to death by kawaii gurls, dis the game 4 uExcellent platformer, easy to learn yet hard to master. Suits both casuls looking for an enjoyable experience and hardcore players alike.Gameplay wise, the game has hit the spot. The platforming is done exceptionally well, which is quite important considering the fact that its what you will be doing most of the time. The bullet hell aspect of the game makes the game a challenge. However, the developers provide sufficient tools for the player to overcome this difficulty in the form of platforming skills and offensive capabilities, therefore making the game an enjoyable experience while at the same time rewarding effort and skill.The atmosphere of the game in really fits the general setting. Colours are used beautifully to express the personalities of various characters as well as depict mood, a specific detail which I appreciate. Excellent soundtrack is used to amplify the character of already beautifully designed environments, providing personality to the world. The artstyle is reminiscent of Japanese manga and anime, which makes the artwork and cutscenes a real eye candy.Storywise this game is not that strong. Its a typical ""save the princess stuck in another world"" storyline with tons of moe and a hint of tragedy that has yet to be properly and fully expressed. Real wasted opportunity there. But honestly, most of us are here for the anime gurls (me included), so it doesn't really matter.Also. CUTE GRILLS.Overall it's a good game at its price level. Get it when it goes on sale."
76561198208847925,Recommended,400910,22849101,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Darthron,Awesome game definitely should buy it
76561198393073400,Recommended,400910,32397836,Posted: 13 June,all,happiness,I think it is an awesome game
,Recommended,400910,26612006,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Raveman,"This is such a good game for those who enjoy metroidvania style games and those who like bullet hell touhou games, it also comes with a bit of challenge that some might get angry at or enjoy. Well worth the buy and i cant wait to see more of added to the game."
,Recommended,400910,27056831,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Chino,Good game my dude
,Recommended,400910,20927477,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,midandfeed,Cute Characters & CGAmazing OSTSmooth CombatGreat Adventurerabira~ra~ra~ra~ra~rabiribi12/10You can download the OP from the official site.http://rabiribi.kano-bi.com/demoAlthough it is not working for me :(
,Recommended,400910,20895361,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,MrJackSpade,This is the first game I've played in a long time that has kept me glued to my tv for this long.Everything about this game is amazing. It captures the metroidvania feel perfectly. I wish I had bought the UPRPRC edition.I can not praise this game enough.
,Recommended,400910,26719575,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,AverageJoe,I love side scrollers and adore games with great sound tracks and likable characters.This game delivers on all levels.
,Recommended,400910,27403724,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Izanami,"Absolutely amazing combination of touhou and sidescroller. Girls are cute, combad is fun, levels are interesting.Probably my GOTY 2016."
76561198364467118,Recommended,400910,32749681,Posted: 24 June,all,Indeyz,anime bunny girls
,Recommended,400910,20880827,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,🐧 crow,the best bullet hell metroidvania with the worst most cringeworthy anime art.
76561198091609835,Recommended,400910,33465081,Posted: 11 July,all,Wadu Hek,I'm not A weeb
,Recommended,400910,23951872,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,iriZ,Gameplay 10/10Soundtrack 10/10Cute bunny girl 50/10
,Recommended,400910,24985078,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,楪いのり,15/10 :DDDDDDDDD
,Recommended,400910,28570621,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Greater Than Less Than,is gud
,Recommended,400910,25072535,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,ChronosTC,I regret spending money on this game for the story.I should of bought it for all of the bunnygirls.
76561198140137051,Recommended,400910,31658317,Posted: 9 May,all,Katarina Marie,"I enjoy this game so much, Between the story and the game play i enjoy it soooooo much. It's adorable and would buy the sequel"
,Recommended,400910,31357546,Posted: 25 April,all,Minh,Very challenging and fun! Would recommend to everyone who likes anime and bullet hell games.
,Recommended,400910,23966141,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Rolling Fur Ball,"If You are looking forward to be royally fked in a BulletHell game such as Touho, and enjoy getting lost in a 2D Metroidvania world such as the class Castlevania, then this is the perfect game for you!Someone please teach me how to finish chapter 1? because i already explored 70% of the world map and have no Idea what the hell am i doing.(Also rule 34 applies)"
,Recommended,400910,28654956,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,riggered,"Hottest hentai I've ever seen, makes me want to XZG4juRMOKU all over my keyboard."
76561198133176760,Recommended,400910,23555129,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Gambit44,As dank as my profile picture
,Recommended,400910,25171521,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,.l.,"Basically momodora with way too much dialogue, fancier (not better, just epilepsy-inducing/flashier) graphics. If for whatever reason you don't like momodora, you will certainly hate this. Other than that, the maps are big and require backtracking if you want everything. Bosses are actually very repetitive, each of them only offer slight variations in desperation moves."
,Recommended,400910,23942291,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,zhangptnoone,"a bit hard for new gamers, but really interesting.Most of all, character designed great and tell a good stroy.Special boss too hard QAQ"
,Recommended,400910,33499220,Posted: 13 July,all,ＵＤｉｎｇＤｏｎｇ因幡,The bullet paterns reminds me of Touhou somehow.I thought this was just as easy as playing Touhou in easy mode.boner/10 would play again
,Recommended,400910,28612105,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Xx JollyRobin xX,F#cking Biblical 10/10 5 Star
76561198257617018,Recommended,400910,28747670,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Gilgamesh,I have told myself a thousand of times over this's not a galgame.
,Recommended,400910,31118696,Posted: 13 April,all,Rashy05,Best game
,Recommended,400910,23912112,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,A c e   P i l o t !,The dream is real! :D
,Recommended,400910,29369778,Posted: 19 January,all,code_geese,"If you can get over (or enjoy) the fanservice, this game is an example of exactly what a metroidvania should be.  Huge world, great combat that's challenging enough to make searching for collectibles feel well worth it, good music, and a smart progression model that gives you direction if you're lost but lets you freely explore if you want to do that.  Story sucks though."
76561198073845186,Recommended,400910,26610355,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Gurorrilla Exia,Like cute girls?Then BUYLike hell's bullet?BUY it for realLike Yuri a.k.a Lesbian?JUST DO ITBUY if you like loli oppai for godsakeehemmm...
,Recommended,400910,33871429,Posted: 28 July,all,Kemo,"Fantastic bullet hell game with obvious roots in Metroidvania. If you enjoy finding wall chicken-esque type of treasure and using your brain/thinking outside of the box to find secrets and progress, then this is the game for you!The game is as easy or as hard as you'd for it to be; personally, I played on Hard on my first run and have not used a single healing item so far or look up anything on the game. The little treasures are well and cleverly hidden, and a discerning eye and good understanding of mechanics will get you quite far! There's a really good balance between relying on mechanical skill during boss fights and your exploration skills when it comes to progression; if you're lacking in one area, being stronger in the other is more than enough to carry you until your proficency improves!Fantastic game that was recommended to me by a friend, and I have no regrets whatsoever!SSS rank game :3"
,Recommended,400910,29522527,Posted: 27 January,all,Sleepy Sheepy,ITS GOT RABISITS GOT RIBISyou're a greedy ♥♥♥♥♥ if you dont buy this
,Recommended,400910,28996311,Posted: 3 January,all,weebZe,"This game is good, it's fun and actually requires skill.  8.5/10"
,Recommended,400910,21378031,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,SilverYoshi,"If you enjoy Metroid, Castlevania, and cute-as-♥♥♥♥ things. Buy this game. It combines 2 of my favorite video game series' ever, Metroid and Castlevania, while sprinkling in some Kawaii. You have the exploration-backtracking-branching paths of Metroid, and the level up and come back later of Catlevania. I usually don't enjoy replaying games after I've beaten them, but Rabi-Ribi is one out of hundreds that I will go back to again and again. 9/10Edit : Just found the small reference to Nekopara with Vanilla and Chocola. <3"
,Recommended,400910,29058112,Posted: 6 January,all,Holo Winga,It could be list in The “Just 5 More Minutes” Award
,Recommended,400910,35098485,Posted: 20 September,all,inspector gadget,Worst 20$ I've ever spent
76561197983168747,Recommended,400910,20982288,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Chiro,"so, i dont write often reviews cause, i only do it if a game really catched me.btw, english is not my mainlanguage so~ i apologize for , and . stuff. i try it anyways cause english is the major language in the world x3.so, rabi ribi is a  metroidvania game. fans of metroidvania games should pick it up and if you are a yuri fan should you punch  that buy button even harder xDthe story:the story is about a lil bunny which got somehow turned into a human bunny, shewakes up in a boxand dosnt knows where she is and cant find her master, which she will try to find shortly after she gets used to her new body. the mainplot is relatively simple but good and entertaining. it has alot of text etc. and its here and there a bit confusing but still funny. lateron come more and more side storys into the mainplot which wont really help against the confusion. however, its all about finding her master and later on rescuing a friend with the help of ALOOOOOT (well 24 xD) of other really cute looking characters.the positive things:-it has a good story.-the metroidvania aspect in this game is really good. things which you would expect from a metroidvania game. alot to explore-amazing boss fights, peoples which love the touhou games should definitly putt an eye onto this aswell.-random events. that means, you can run into characters which you are not supposed to get yet. with other words, the game is non-linear. you can follow the story as intended tho but theres even one achievement for not following the story and exploring instead xD.-theres some artwork in the game aswell. and surprise, they look really nice. hello ecchi! xD-the game is not over after beating it. try to get the true ending <3?-speedrun, bossrush in multible modes like final boss rush mode, normal boss rush mode and mini boss rush mode.-it has many difficulty settings to fit the bullethell bossfights for everyone. if you played touhou games jump into it with hard difficulty, if you have no experience with it, better try casual or novice x3 (casual is boooriiiing! xD)-well designed areas, the character sprites are amazing aswell and omg are they all cute. i want to snuggle them ALL xDthe negative things:-this game is nothing for weak PC´s. the dev should write higher graphic recommendations into the minimum info. this game needs atleast a 1GB strong gpu or higher. otherwise will you suffer from several fps slow downs in several areas and believe me, the graphic settings wont help you.-in smaller resolutions are you not able to read stuff ... however, its recommended to play this game in atleast 1280x720 xD-this game kinda needs a controller. if you are really used to your keyboard...maybe not but a controller is highly recommended. this is a flaw because its not written in the system minimum etc.-when it comes to find certain upgrades like the wall jump or the orb of light etc. is it really difficult to find them. the game wont tell you like a normal metroidvania game mostly does where to find the upgrades. this is another note to the devs. please give the players a hint where to find the upgrades when they are needed after a certain time like the metroid games do. i mean, i am one of those which poking everywhere arround and trying to explore every single corner in games like this but casual players will get really frustrated with this.-well yep, bugs. they are in every game, some bugs got fixxed where ya fell out of bound or where you was able to go out of bound etc. but there was bugs aswell where the game softlocked (that means the game is still running, you can most of the time move but ... that was it) for example: i beaten lilith but well ... the game softlocked after that. as far as i readed in the 1.02 patchnotes got these softlocks fixxed. but still x3 buuugs ^^ no game is perfect tho.overall give i the game a 8.5/10.nya edit to this review. i go from a 8/10 rating to a 8.5/10 cause they fixxed the map issue in the game and its now alot better to see where you go on the map =3good job devs~ ^-^"
,Recommended,400910,33160692,Posted: 2 July,all,Patchy,great game for the touhouvania lovers
,Recommended,400910,20830548,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,mm9m9m9m9m9,"Plenty of reviews, but it has been fun so I must recommend...Nice music, exploration for powerups/gear and decently challenging boss fights after a bit on Hard with one more difficulty to unlock. Seems like it can be fairly lengthy if you enjoy your time for exploring and finding.The only thing I dislike so far is the white border on fullscreen mode. [and this is fixed now]"
,Recommended,400910,23952816,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Darkpi,Rabbits!
76561198094142272,Recommended,400910,25519384,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,An Alaskan Bull Worm,it good
,Recommended,400910,23778048,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,evil morty,it's okay
76561198024883642,Recommended,400910,29908049,Posted: 13 February,all,Death_Bestow,It's good
,Recommended,400910,31722560,Posted: 13 May,all,LNA | 虹影,this game is just too good. amazing music too
,Recommended,400910,23726649,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,CaidaoA,music is goodcomic is lowgame is very good
,Recommended,400910,28541285,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Necrosaro,"Do you like ""Metroidvanias""?Do you like ""Bullet-hells""?Do you like Bunny-Girls?The heck are you still doing here then? You should be playing Rabi-Ribi right now! GO! HURRY!"
,Recommended,400910,28502226,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,hairowitz,Best game ever!By far my most played game on Steam!
,Recommended,400910,33830826,Posted: 27 July,all,Samus2400,Great game.would love to see it on the switch.
,Recommended,400910,32844698,Posted: 26 June,all,Kick,Just play it
,Recommended,400910,31883300,Posted: 21 May,all,Prime Disappointment,Bunny girl 11/10Bullet hell 69/69Kawaii af 112030240-3ier2rk2dkdpsm vp3mrfck2ef- *ded*
,Recommended,400910,26195942,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Mow.Coffin`あり❤,Kawaaaaaaaaiiiiiiiiiiii ♥
,Recommended,400910,23057099,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,民族浄化 「种族清洗」,"Cute game with a nice plot, great bullet hell gameplay and nice ost. It's worth noting that the developers are great so please, give it a try!"
,Recommended,400910,31539093,Posted: 4 May,all,Hisuki,"11/10 Would play again. Such Bunny, Much Wow"
,Recommended,400910,30728429,Posted: 25 March,all,Mountain Months,OH MY GOD WHY IS THIS GAME SO GOOD
76561198010335843,Recommended,400910,29158504,Posted: 10 January,all,Plebleb,"An amazing game with metroidvania gameplay and bullet hell bosses. The game is a lot like Kirby in terms of aesthetics except with bunny girls instead of Kirby. It's weird but it works. This is a hard one to explain, especially the story, but just play it. If you're concerned about the aesthetic, the game doesn't weeb out too hard so that shouldn't be an issue."
,Recommended,400910,32403364,Posted: 13 June,all,XNMBYY,♥♥♥♥ING FURRY
76561198177793137,Recommended,400910,33970441,Posted: 2 August,all,Я пидорасов,♥♥♥♥ING CUNTFITTA GANGBANG DAB
76561197963641038,Recommended,400910,25532309,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Gestaltzerfall,.
,Recommended,400910,28816629,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Skimm3r,I want to have sex with Erina.
,Not Recommended,400910,23783441,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Ryan Dorkoski,"Front note: I wanted to fall in love with this game - I mean how can all those positive reviews tell me otherwise?So here is the thing -Rabi-Ribiisn't bad. In fact, it is highly polished and has a lot of character and gameplay going for it. It definately does what it claims to do.Why didn't I like it?First, I didn't come for the bunny girls. Second, while everything was 'fine' there was nothing groundbreaking with either the platforming or MetroidVania elements in this game. Thirdly, it just didn't have me coming back for more. It was not addicting at all, unfortunately.Essentially, you were a rabbit and are now a human.It is an open world setting, whereby you open new parts by gaining new abilities (ie. MetroidVania elements). There are lite RPG elements such as leveling up abilities the more you use them. I liked that part.It isverydialogue heavy. While I understand it is a translation, the dialogue and script are really 'dumb'. We banter on timelessly about the rabbit girl meeting her 'master' and such things. It becomes tediuos. The fairy-tale story is fine, but the dialogue just goes on-and-on and interrupts the gameplay to a large extent.Pros:+Highly polished game with tons of content and replayability. No question.+Great artwork, and really good music.+Definately an accomplished MetroidVania.+If you are really into bunny girls, this is your jam.Cons:+Dialogue is way too thick, and is largely meaningless. It's all pretty silly and tedious, even though I understand this is a translation.+While the mechanics are solid, there is nothing new brought to the table - and for $18, I think there should be.Once again, this is a very niche genre game - it very well may be for you.There is a demo on the devs website, I suggest you try that or watch some LetsPlays before taking the plunge!"
,Recommended,400910,20809322,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Haxton Fale,Bunny.
76561198170876878,Not Recommended,400910,35302663,Posted: 29 September,all,g.altepeter,No mouse support.
76561198097190097,Recommended,400910,20813194,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,AqouRs,Rabi-Ribi
,Not Recommended,400910,29044786,Posted: 5 January,all,Cable_Dude,"Too difficult. And this is not the kind of hard that is fun.I should have not bought this title, if I know how hard it is.Rabi-Ribi's NORMAL level seems not to be suitable for average players. Even the EASY level is quite difficult too much. CASUAL is not easy enough.There should have been much easier levels as enemies never shoot, spikes don't hurt the bunny, more jump bases are set (The operation required on the midway should be easier).And Item acquition should have not been related to the increase in difficulty.The degree of difficulty rising as the game progresses ruins fun of the exploration.Whatever is picked up, boss enemies' level must be fixed lower level."
,Not Recommended,400910,22152342,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Al Djeafnte,"No idea why this is the most popular metroidvania tagged game.It's passable as a metroidvania, but it is suffuse with terrible aesthetics, endless dialog, boring areas, and boss fights that are tedium.Bad music, bad story, stereotypical writing, items that do nothing, money that means nothing.Don't let the rating fool you, this isn't what you're looking for.  It is exactly like it looks like on the tin.The only reason it has so many upvotes is because the fandom is rabid.  If this isn't absolutely what you want, avoid it.EDIT:  I have been corrected.  The fandom is not rabid, it is rabi."
76561198242585732,Not Recommended,400910,33890345,Posted: 29 July,all,zyphear,i died
,Not Recommended,400910,35196315,Posted: 24 September,all,Allen Ackberd,its not good..  its impossible to win. i play for 10 hours and i cant beat the first boss its broken. ♥♥♥♥ SUCK ME ♥♥♥♥♥ES ♥♥♥♥ THIS GAME
,Not Recommended,400910,22778328,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Virsalus,"As much as I want to like this, I can't recommend this. The Metroidvania aspect is really good but the boss battles are insanely difficult. Do not get this if you want to have a good time. Bullet Hell fans might enjoy this but anyone else will want to gouge their eyes out after a while."
,Not Recommended,400910,23102251,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Monni,"game was fine till i came to boss fight with 50 different cut scenes (seana 2nd fight) and the incapability of taking cut scenes off, good job creators."
76561198208810324,Not Recommended,400910,23450003,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,lockheartcorp,"Where's my ""Full controller support?"" What a bunch of crap."
,Not Recommended,400910,23972833,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Swix,Anime
,Not Recommended,400910,21656772,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,SushiFart,"I really like anime but sadly i didnt like this game.dont want to write a wall so lets go to the pointart: nice style but lots of mistakes, as an illustrator its painful to see a lineart full of jitters and bad finish.gameplay: its ok, the sprites animations are fine but sometimes it doesnt feel soft. im not talking about my pc, the sprites arent that fluid.music: it makes me say ""well, i guess that's it.""Story: definitely the worst part of the game. i actually played this game on a friends pc. so i know a bit about the story. Wait...story? what story? Its so linear, full of non sense/generic dialogues. dunno, a story of a bunny that magically turns into a sexy dressed girl... cmon guys, you could do it better. Ive played hentais with more lore than this.the general impression of the game is that i felt you developers just rushed the process and made everything quickly without too many feedback and self criticism.I just requested a refund, sorry. The idea its great, the ""danmaku"" system is good. but you sould worked a bit more on the points i just mentioned... or simply have charged 5-7 usd for the game. because for the quality, that price would be better.cheers."
,Not Recommended,400910,23660209,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Giftshop,Jesus christ how horrifying.
,Not Recommended,400910,28460110,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,M a Ƶ e - 迷宮,"Absolutely garbage game.Browser game tier combat, poor artstyle that somehow looks worse than random RPG maker games, terrible OST filled with nothing but forgettable tracks.Pales in comparison to far superior metroidvania's like Valdis Story."
,Not Recommended,400910,20919625,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Neko-Nomikon,"It would be fun, apart from it's clunky controls, buggy level design and poor story which leaves you backtracking to areas you've already been, exploring rooms you've already explored just because you've unlocked one tiny little thing and there might be something in the room that was previously inaccessable.Unless those things excite you, give it a pass."
76561198071626864,Recommended,400910,29576621,Posted: 29 January,all,KACHAN,This is my first Bullet Hell game. This is a great way to start it. I've never been more intimidated by cute 2D waifus shooting lasers at me. 10/10 would die to a special move again.
,Recommended,400910,20884413,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,White5hade,"Saw this and it sounded/looked super cutesy. I wasn't wrong! lol I also wasnt expecting the game to be that great but boy was I wrong. The game plays great, has a Dust feel to it with the upgradables and flying projectile launching companion. If you enjoyed Dust and don't mind a graphics downgrade then you'll most likely enjoy this game."
,Recommended,400910,20857303,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,絶対にこ,"So far a pretty great Metroidvania game. It's Metroid with Castlevania with Touhou bullet hell elements, as well as having amnie may gals in it. Of course, the oppai is the real selling point here.We've got the main bunny gal, anime Ryu off of StreetsShe can hadoken with ♥♥♥♥♥♥ Tinkerbell and Shoryuken with her toy hammer.I've yet to find an item where I can use hurricane kick."
,Recommended,400910,20858777,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,天使悪魔,"the gameplay and art are phenominal, still working on the story"
76561198147383570,Recommended,400910,20930275,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Xrazoc,I would like to watch the previous scenes in story mode.... I accidently skipped a scene by mistake because I wanted to take a break from the game.other than that it was pretty nice game
,Recommended,400910,20930329,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Uhk,PositivesFun bullethellGreat soundtrackPixel animation (I personally like this)You can adventure when you wantNegitivesLooks like weeb trash nowDisappointed parentsPoor story
,Recommended,400910,20920741,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Macavity Omega,"A mix of Metroidvania and Danmaku games with a bit of Mega Man Zero, there's a little something for everyone.+ VERY non-leniar (though you need to advance the story to unlock some areas)+ Multiple difficulty levels+ Bunny- Difficulties above hard are locked until you clear the previous difficulty, yes this is my only nitpick.~ A bit easy to get yourself out of your depth in some areas, I wound up beating one boss well before I should've, but the game does take into count what you have done and adjusts the difficulty of some fights (other bosses gain more health, though the method of how the game checks is a bit beyond me, though I suspect it's a combination of item percentage and bosses cleared), though by the end of the game you should have a handle on what is where for future playthoughs.~ There is a leveling system for your weapons, but it kinda falls short early on as you will max out your weapons (Hammer, Carrot, and Fairy) fairly quickly. You most likely will forget about the leveling all together after hitting the first chapter.Really, a VERY excellent game all around."
76561198039461442,Recommended,400910,20924242,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,CactusPatrol,"Are you feeling down?Do you like bullet hells?Do you own a rabbit?Do you love rabbits?If you answered yes to any of these questions, rabi-ribi is for you.All jokes aside, this is a solid game. Tight controls, funny story, very pretty graphics and amazing soundtrack.If you like fast-paced metroidvania and bullet hells, this game will probably satisfy your needs.I'm not a very good reviewer, all I can say is that I am thoroughly enjoying this game so far, and I would recommend it to any of my friends.To the developpers of rabi-ribi: Good job, you made an awesome product, thank you for making this game."
,Recommended,400910,20948288,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,maybe malssite,"A really fun Metroidvania style game with a bunny girl, with bosses that have an interesting twist with bullet hell shooter elements. Soundtrack is great, areas are colorful and fun to explore, highly recommended if you enjoy Metroidvania style games!"
,Recommended,400910,20857045,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Da Phuc,- Keep telling myself not let p3nis purchase games.- Always get disapointed.- Let p3nis purchase game anyways.- I was not disapointed.- And neither was p3nis.10/10 would let p3nis buy rabbit game again.
,Recommended,400910,20942250,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Your Wife is AWESOME,So ****ing cute! XD
,Recommended,400910,20863592,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,gamer girl... and she has feet,"Moe♥♥♥♥♥metroidvania bullet hell game where you play as a bunny girl with a quest.The art style is gucci, the characters are appealing and the music is great. The combat gets complicated at times but it's worth it if you can get a combo out right. The story is nice too. It's pretty fun overall and it's definitely worth the money."
76561198129446098,Recommended,400910,20924621,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Qwaser of Argon,"Bunny-Girls, Loli-fairys, Cat-girls, Fox-girls, ""Normal""-girls, Bunny-cosplayers......Whats not to love?"
,Recommended,400910,21363865,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Ｎａｐｐｙｔｉｍｅ,"This is one of the best games I've played in years. If you're on the fence, buy it."
,Recommended,400910,21380255,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Tamamo No Mae,"cute bunny, cute characterand you still though the story won't be dark(atleast that what i thinking)i don't know if im just bad at this game but... im stuck fighting againstMiriamin novice difficulty(probably not really accustomed to platform-bullet hell style)its still good game honestlybut seriously i took 5 retries to defeatNoah"
,Recommended,400910,21377767,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Fox Kelfonne,"If you aren't bothered by the cutesy aesthetic and pixelated graphics, it's a very solid game that merges Metroidvania-style exploration and backtracking with bullet-hell style dodging and canceling. Controls are solid, and dodging bullets in a platformer works a lot better than you thing it would, even with the huge size of the character."
,Recommended,400910,21392871,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,IV,don't let the bunnies and overrall look of the game ruin it for youit is actually a really really fun and great game and the soundtrack is just outstandingyou'll even probably begin to accept the cute bunnies and learn to love it5/7
,Recommended,400910,21404192,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Daring-chan,Such a cute game! I am in love with all the characters and have such a great time playing this! Fans of Anime should give this a try!
,Recommended,400910,21406250,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Natasha Tasha,"ゆきうさぎ　ひだりうさぎ　ソアーズ rabbit　キュートrabbit　うなだれそうなくろうさぎ　みどりうさぎ　キカーズ rabbit　ホエズ rabbit　うわずりそうなつのうさぎ　やせたうさぎ　ホエズ rabbit　イカズ rabbit　あかなりそうなうくうさぎ　はねるうさぎ　そらにまい　ノビール rabbit　うさぎちりちり! ! ! !Just kidding ('v')7This game is marvelous, it's fun to play and it's challenging even in normal mode, as a fan of danmaku, metroidvania and cute little things I really recommend this game.PD:The backgrounds are also Amazing, you really want to collect those cards!"
76561198064851598,Recommended,400910,21374474,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Xaessya,"Once a simple Bunny you wake up in a world devoid of men and pants as a Bunny Girl who goes out on an adventure to find her master in a maze like world. Your enemies consist of reject Kirby enemies, fake lesbian bunny girls with the most cutest jumping sound effect ever and other barely dressed anime girls.12/10 Save the Rabbit, Save the world."
,Recommended,400910,21336812,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Tinycoltfish(Robitussin),I pretty sure This is About Bunnies? But i got Distracted by the constant Boobs and Awsome Bullet hell Boss Battles
,Recommended,400910,21245165,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Byakuren Hijiri,"There seems to be a trend in challenging games with super-cute graphics, and Rabi-Ribi has recently joined this bandwagon.The game itself is a fusion between a Metroid game, some Bullet Hell and RPG elements, and it works surprisingly well. The gameplay is rather unique, resembling something like a hack'n'slash in a large game world with plenty of content. The bosses are particularly entertaining, and the structure of the game is almost Touhou-esque, with standard enemies with exploration and platforming mixed in, featuring hazards that can significantly dent your health. On the other end of the spectrum are the bosses. These are generally pretty drawn out fights, featuring a wide variety of pretty looking patterns. Additionally, the game isn't linear, giving you some choice and plenty of exploration options without locking the player in a particular boss or location order. Sequence breaking is a thing, but is restricted only by the items in your possession.Overall, the game looks great, has a fantastic soundtrack, features unique gameplay elements with varied modes and difficulty settings for more replayability. Definitely worth picking up for those Danmaku fans out there. If you've played Wings of Vi or Fortune Summoners, Rabi-Ribi fits somewhere in between."
,Recommended,400910,21455383,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Hamuko,Best game 2016 would bunny again 11/10
76561198053439522,Recommended,400910,21418934,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Joebiggie,"Step right up! See bunnies and catgirls walking upright in all manner of costumery! Yes, see anthropomorphized bunnies and cats and foxes doing battle with bombs and bullets and giant mallets to a soundtrack so amazing you can only get it out of your head with a pneumatic drill! Step right - what's that? You say you'd rather die than see that?Perhaps this isn't the place for you"
,Recommended,400910,21312615,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,The Slugger,"This is a great metroidvania game, and the first to keep me interested the whole time the entire way through. This is due to the introduction of clever new mechanics that each add a new layer to the combat.The only reason that I think that someone shouldn't buy this game if they're interested in the genre is the ""risque"" character art that some have compared to ""joke gift weeaboo games"" like Huniepop and Sakura Spirit. However, all cutscenes in the main game can be skipped with the push of a button. Also, when you beat the game, you unlock Speedrun mode, where it gets rid of all cutscenes entirely.Reccomended to: Anyone interested in Metroidvania Games.Not Reccomended to: People nervous about others walking in on them during a cutscene."
,Recommended,400910,21042500,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,poopdude69,"bullethell metroidvania.  i like it a lot.the bosses are a lot of fun to fight, become rather challenging late game (and some even early game), and the combat is frantic with you trying to squeeze as much damage in between attacks while dodging bullets.  they're varied and rarely seem unfair, aside from a single midgame boss i didn't feel that any of the attack patterns were too outlandish to feasibly dodge.  you also get temporary invuln that charges up which you can spend with the press of a button.  it also stuns enemies which means you can get in extra damage before the game gives them super armor to go to their next attack.the metroidvania aspect of it is just okay.  it provides a nice change of pace between the hectic bosses but doesn't feel especially well done.  it isn't really a challenge to get from point A to B until you get to the very last area of the game.but the bosses are so fun that it really doesn't matter to me.  i got way more enjoyment out of this game than i was expecting from watching trailers and earlygame streams, and for 15 bucks it's probably my favorite single player game i've played in the last few years.  i've still got a lot more to go if i want, too."
,Recommended,400910,21071441,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Pache,The MLG Bunny Girl Simulator 2017 Bunny of the year GOTYthis game 2 cute 4 me
,Recommended,400910,22715517,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Xiry,Bunny is pretty good.
,Recommended,400910,22718244,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Harou.EXE,"Fun metroidvania style game, music is pretty good but the bosses are the real fun, some can be incredibly frustrating due to your almost unknowable hitbox but once you got that down it becomes a pretty sidescroller touhou style boss battle"
76561198058986934,Recommended,400910,22603220,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,VIsix6,"I bought the art book for the game turns out its an art book and extra content, now im a part of the UPRPRC and must hunt down bunnies.10/10 would join cult again"
,Recommended,400910,22602878,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,(ISIG) Legoguy9875,"As a Metroidvania fan, I do like this. While it does follow the sadly common trope of anime-styled games having mostly females in revealing or skimpy outfits, it doesn't try too hard to show that off. The most you get out of it is character renders and the cutscene stills. Everything else is colorful, innocent fun. Haven't beaten the game yet myself, but the game is pretty plentiful in content if you like long Metroidvanias or general action platformers. It sports plenty of collectibles, great abilities that help in exploration, and challnging boss fights that always change up their attack patterns, which makes them more challenging to beat since you can't predict what they do next.I recommend to any Metroidvania fans.Also, I don't usually recommend DLC, but if you end up enjoying this game, I also would like to recommend the artbook. Yes, it has beta and concept artwork, as well as editable character stills, which is all okay, but it also features beta/unreleased game content. Playable characters, unused/scrapped bosses, as well as two new modes of play for the base game: impossible and unknown. Impossible is pretty much what it is on the cover, with enemies doing heaps more damage than usual. I'm not sure how it effects stat growth, as I only played about 3 minutes to see what it was all about, but I imagine that you don't get much in that regard. Unknown I haven't played yet, but I'll update the review when I get to it. Either way, the content you get with the artbook is well worth the price."
,Recommended,400910,20900346,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,Nivkh,Cute and still difficultWish it had some Voiceacting tho tbqh
76561198003518278,Recommended,400910,20889553,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,Rabbit-Box,"This game opens with a Rabbit in a box. Game of the year, 10/10, would buy again."
76561198090907676,Recommended,400910,20908229,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,bastardmessiah,"WaifuVania.Part open-world MegaMan, part Bunny-girl Metroid.Rabi-Ribi is more fun to play than you'd likely expect.   The controls are quite responsive, worthy of the game's wide variety of moves and attacks.  The game's world is mostly non-linear, and there are plenty of skills and boosts to be acquired.  There are plenty of bosses, too.Boss battles can be somewhat challenging, but are often entertaining and rarely frustrating.Just don't expect much plot, and be prepared for some vague and lackluster dialogue.Do expect a smooth and enjoyable platformer with respectable gameplay depth, visually pleasing despite its simple pixelated appearance."
76561198081736535,Recommended,400910,20873662,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Reason,Cute and bullet hell
,Recommended,400910,20871366,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Babar,Fun little metroidvania with some bullet hell elements ... a good mix !Controls are responsive and the overall atmosphere of the game is just very relaxing!
,Recommended,400910,20888545,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,ショタ男の娘,"This game is really fun! The combat is solid, and it's fun exploring all the areas. The bosses are all really awesome and interesting. I played on hard and the bosses are very challenging, and there are LOTS of them! I've only played about 8 hours at the time of this review, but there's already been at least 10 really interesting bosses that are quite difficult. There's plenty to explore and collect like a metroidvania. The story is pretty weird, and a lot of the bosses just make up excuses to fight you, as the game is very aware that is it a game. I might go back after i (presumable) unlock the harder difficulties and see what that does. I highly recommend this game to anyone who likes metroidvanias, hard and intereesting bosses, and basic platforming."
76561198040303288,Recommended,400910,20891028,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,tyrantzerg,a game were i have already stumbed into alot of the bosses
,Recommended,400910,21068948,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Mitty,Half Zettai Ryouki 10/10
,Recommended,400910,21075713,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Nyan~,"I went into this with low expectations. I was expecting gameplay to be meh, with more visual novel than game.What I got was potentially the best-balanced, most original metroidvania I have seen in YEARS. I am 100% serious.This game has:* The map design of Metroid* The movement mechanics of Castlevania* A rather original combat system - the mechanics are unique* A badge equip system vaguely reminding me of Paper Mario* Touhou bullet-hell bosses.Not to say that it is without faults - you literally need to go powerup hunting to beat some later bosses (and I'm on normal, seriously.)But that said, if you want another great metroidvania game like Cave Story, or the genre namers - play this, even if you just fast forward the story. It 's worth it for the gameplay alone. ""Easy"" recommended for people who don't play bullet hells, since I'm getting obliterated in Chapter 4 on normal.Oh, and this game works fine in WINE, by the way."
,Recommended,400910,20924897,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Tasuki,"It's very refreshing for bullet hell style games mixing 2D platform and RPG elements. The story is well done and answers all the questsions that pop up so you're not left wondering how something happens, but the soundtrack is absolutely great. I will continue to play just for the sound track easily.Boss battles are challenging, and take on classic Touhou style fights. The final 3 are superpurb clinchers that bring the hell in bullet hell for rabi-ribi. Danmaku patterns are beautiful, and are unique to each of characters you recruit to rabi town while you're left with the ever classic spread, beam, and burst patterns courtesy of ribbon.Playing as a rabbit girl that beats everything with a hammer and making friends after hitting them with a hammer is the most fun I've had in a long time. As someone that loves bellet hell games, I defintely recomend this to those that like bullet hell games with something different to offer.My only problems are that there may be segments of lag, but none were rather severe and usually only occured when I wanted to pull up the map. It was very uncommon for lag to be present during any world exploration, but even then it's nothing that would take me away from the game. Other than that, game play is very smooth and controls handle very well."
,Recommended,400910,20885978,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,MargiticDesu,So far looks pretty amazing and enjoyable n.n
,Recommended,400910,20877845,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Emperion Dynasty Cats,9/10I ♡ Bunny !
,Recommended,400910,20879977,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Почему,"Very good game, buunygirl and danmaku together make funtime. Quality product!!"
,Recommended,400910,20876641,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Anime__Knight,"a great mix of a 16 bit side scroller,dungeon crawler and bullet hell all packaged in one amazing game thats worth the price. I hope there will be a good sequel to follow this up 9/10"
,Recommended,400910,21014449,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Chompey,"Why yes, I do recommend this game."
,Recommended,400910,21021339,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,SS Gon Fuck Yo Bitch,"This game is very enjoyable and very replayable with nice graphics good sountrack, responsive controls, cute characters, good combat and gamplay and all-around good game, i will 100% recommend this great game 10/10"
,Recommended,400910,21123509,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Techeese,story might not be its strong pointbut art is good and cute and the game play is just fun
,Recommended,400910,20965098,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Nep-Nep,"I love this game. I love Metroidvania. I love bullet hell. I love bunny girls.Frustrating, because I suck at it. But holy crap it feels rewarding when you beat a boss that's been giving you trouble."
,Recommended,400910,20964699,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Mandrias,"Metroidvania Bullet Hell-Collecting and map completing for completionist-Great controls, feels great to play-Boss fights can be very difficult until you actually get good at the gameInteresting story, not going to call it good or great, but interesting."
,Recommended,400910,21006629,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Kilim,who knew my goty would be out so early in the year
76561198117203369,Recommended,400910,22954196,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Ranma,Best game ever made
,Recommended,400910,22975242,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Purple Pants Drake,"I don't usually write reviews for games on Steam, but what the heck.I guess I'll just keep it brief, it's a Metroidvania combined with bullet hell, it's challenging, and the soundtrack is also pretty good.Definitely recommended to fans of Metroidvanias and/or bullet hell."
76561198135506589,Recommended,400910,22744693,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Ranger188,"All my yes. Lot's of fun, and cute. I love the secrets especially."
,Recommended,400910,22747457,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,NEO! | sonicbhoc,"This game is amazing! If you like platformers at all, just get it."
76561198261723908,Recommended,400910,22725331,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,SpashLyn,It's cute and fun!!
,Recommended,400910,22732006,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,bullno1,TL;DR: Rabi-Ribi = Metroid + Megaman + Touhou + Bunny grill + LoliPros:- Solid Metroidvania gameplay- Every boss fight is enjoyable- Bullet-hell element works surprisingly well- Really good looking graphics and visual effect- Decent sound trackCons:- Nonsensical story line- Some enemies/bosses are cheapPS: Miriam is mai waifu
76561198043882556,Recommended,400910,22770674,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,LoupDuQc,"What this game lack of is a mode to lock you out of it until you finish your homework.The visuals are nice and consistent, there's multiple environments with each a unique theme and awesome music, lots of different AI with a variety of attacks. Bullet hell and metroidvania are usually not my kind of game, but that one did get my attention. Even after a first playthroung it still have replay value with harder game mode (RIP myself) and some other challenge, like the no item run.Also, the epilepsy warning when the game open isn't for nothing, so stay away if you're sensible to such thing."
,Recommended,400910,22806522,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Captain Lune,"So kawaii! But there is not as much anime-ish stuff or story going on as you might expect, although you get some.There are better metroidvanias out there, however if you're into cute stuff, this is the one."
,Recommended,400910,22805466,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,FunLightDog,jump! jump!
76561198056022898,Recommended,400910,22833483,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,DaBomb,"Addicting gameplay with loads of modes, difficulties, challenges, and achievements for some insanely punshing gameplay. This game is worth getting if you like any of the following: anime, metroidvania, bullet hell, platformer, good games. It's a remarkably well put together game and it greatly surpasses the sum of is parts."
,Recommended,400910,22684635,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,KingTentacle [TLS],"Great game, i have not gotten hugely far into this, as i find these sorts of games very challenging, and have found it at times hard to progress.This is a cross bettween your classic platform adventure game (think metroid and castlevania, hence the metroidvania tag)and bullet hell games like touhou and Darius etc.Its simple game at first glance and the art style wont be for everyone, but the games story seems rather decent, and i have found myself rather interested in how it plays out.For the price (17.99usd) you get a HUGE ammount of game, a rather long main story game, coupled in with multiple difficulty modes, and then a varriety of challenge and speedrun modes.You can easily get over 100hours of game time up on this game and have fun doing so.For $18 thats a lot of value.if its your type of game give it a wirl, if your on the fence wait for a sale and you could be pleasently surprised."
,Recommended,400910,22992952,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Dertia,Good♥♥♥♥♥♥ son
,Recommended,400910,22983240,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Rouven,"Rabi-Ribi is a great game.Challenging boss battles, satisfying 2D gameplay and cute buns, cats and girls~If you like the above, buy this game."
,Recommended,400910,22280498,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Dr. Blue,"Unexpectedly really good. I didn't know anything about this going in and just expected a short bout of fanservice.What I found instead was a fairly large Metroidvania game with interesting combat and level design...and really tight bullet-hell boss fights. That shouldn't scare you off--I'm not great at bullet hell games, but on Novice level, the game is really forgiving. Especially if you go on the usual Metroidvaniaesque hunt for character upgrades. The soundtrack is amazing.The story is mostly nonsensical, but that's forgivable since it's just a paper thin excuse for there to be a bunch of bunnygirls. The only thing I'd call out as bad is that the game has issues with intermitent slowdowns. My battlestation has a recent i7 and and GTX 780 Ti and I was still seeing hickups in some areas."
,Recommended,400910,20958082,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Mesarthim,"For a game I never heard of until a day or two after it launched it gave me a lot more than I was expecting out of it.1. It's a cute game, no way around that part considering even the store page is tagged as such.2. It's a metroidvania style game. You will be revisiting old areas quite a bit when you obtain new abilities which in turn lets you obtain more, etc.3. Originally coming with I think it was... 102 achievements? The game as of version 1.10 features 138 achievements with DLC achievements that CAN be earned without said DLC. That's pretty generous of a developer to think about those who don't want or can't get the DLC.4. The game has a very solid OST with I believe four different artists. There are some tracks not included in the OST DLC that are free and thus cannot be included but the tracks can be heard ingame and through the ingame sound test (unlocked via hard difficulty).5. The game covers a large variety of skill levels, varying from Casual to Bunny Extinction. Bosses will go down almost instantly early on in a casual run but not on Bunny Extinction. If you wish to clear Bunny Extinction you will need to utilize everything you have learned from Normal, Hard (only need to clear either normal OR hard to unlock hell), and Hell plus more. If that doesn't tickle your difficulty needs there are two unused difficulties provided with the artbook DLC called Unknown and Impossible. Impossible is unforgiving and while only those who have played it can say as such but it very well live up to its name...6. There are other game modes such as Speedrun and Boss Rush. In Speedrun the game is essentially the same except that any part of the game that would have conversations or text have been removed in favor of the player beating the game as fast as possible (or just without cutscenes, you don't ACTUALLY have to beat it at a fast pace unless you are aiming for achievements or leaderboards). Boss rush on the other hand has three versions: Fight all 20 or 21 regular bosses slightly weaker than you'd find them in the main game, fight all FINAL bosses slightly weaker than you'd find them in the main game, and the worst one of all: True Boss Rush. In True Boss Rush you must fight all 28 bosses in the game (the main ones) back to back at their standard level of difficulty (they are not weakened like the other modes). Completing this mode on Bunny Extinction requires a lot of time and skill (can vary from an hour and a half to two hours and a half). Godspeed.7. There are a variety of ways to heal yourself. You can defeat enemies and earn a little bit of health back, use one of two items you can buy from the shop, or use the golden carrot found only in the field (same location, respawns when used). There are also two magic skills you can use to heal, one more effective than the other. Green magic can be used to heal decently but this is a clutch to be used in boss fights (and it loses efficiency when you reach around 80% health). Another form of magic healing is the rainbow carrot. Requiring 2000 EN (money) to fire it heals a small chunk of health once it hits the enemy (it's betters for damage but it requires finding easter eggs in the game to power up).8. Seven types of magic. Blue, Red, Green, Yellow, Purple, Carrot, and Rainbow. Blue magic you start with once you get your partner. Blue Boost shoots our many blue homing beams on the enemy. Red Magic can shoot both in front and behind of you. Red Boost can burn the enemy for a little extra damage and rotates. Green magic heals 2~4 hp depending on charge and homes in on the enemy. Green Boost does very little damage but if you remain in the field it makes you slowly recover hp up until a point (80% or so, will take several boosts to do so, especially late game. If you want to heal fully you will need to kill enemies, use an item, or get off a few rainbow carrot shots). Yellow Magic is the straight shot of a laser beam in continuous use. Yellow Boost summons a delayed vertical beam that homes in on the enemy then activates. Purple Magic is a very large spread fire but this magic is used to slow enemies down when charged. Purple Magic shoots straight homing shots at the enemy (I never made much use of purple). Carrot Magic is useful for damage and SP regenration. Carrot Boost is self-explained but is used when the enemy is ground level (it has no homing). Rainbow magic is a new permanent Easter Addition that has very strong knockback and homing capabilities. When charged it fires a large rainbow carrot that does heavy damage and can heal some of your health. Rainbow Boost does gradual damage to all enemies onscreen and can even hit bosses while they are in an invulerable state.This covers a lot of general things about the game but if I were to recommend this to anyone I would have to say yes, yes I would. If you dislike cute things I would still say at least give it a shot as there is a very solid game underneath the layer of cute."
,Recommended,400910,22311040,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Crimson957,"My favorite game on Steam so far, I love the cuteness factor mixed with a serious-type of story. Really Fun!"
,Recommended,400910,22304475,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Dovahbruh,I mean you literally play as a rabbit girl.Come on.
,Recommended,400910,21448334,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,rarebread_,"This game is kawaii af. Takes me back to the SNES days with games like Kirby SSS and Super Metroid. The one thing I would change is the OST. I wish it was chiptune instead, I feel it would be better suited based on the games pixel style gameplay. Defiantly one of my guilty pleasures to feed the inner weeb.Step up senpai and just buy it, trust me."
,Recommended,400910,22352854,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Casp.e,"Do you love bunnies?!? No? oh.. well then, uh... what about a challenge? Because being♥♥♥♥♥♥♥has never been so cute.The artstyle is captivating and nostalgic. The gameplay is simple yet complex enough to keep things interesting. The bunny girls are cute as ♥♥♥♥. The story is not overly important but it's there, I haven't finished the game and for the most part I skip most of the dialogue boxes but I do watch the cutscenes at the very least to enjoy the art. For the price this game is great with a fair amount of replayability.Did I mention the bunnies?"
76561198262912325,Recommended,400910,24683202,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Slade,This is a really suprisingly good Metrovania Bullet hell.
,Recommended,400910,24701862,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Gravagar,"If you aren't familiar or skilled with platforming, bullet hell, or metroidvania mechanics, then it doesn't really matter, because the difficulty settings / scaling are really well-tuned and let you get used to things before it throws difficulty at you. And if you ARE familiar with some (or all, like me) of those, then higher difficulty levels + some of the extra challenges mean it has a lot of replayability. My first run was 100% items, and my second was 0% (this game *is* actually beatable without even a single item pickup!) and I still want to give it another go."
,Recommended,400910,24183805,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,dreamnook,"#Edit at 2016/07/30After complete this game 100% in normal difficulty (level 3/6, 3/7 include DLC)I think everyone should know.THIS GAME IS BRUTAL.The FIRST HALF is great, but the SECOND HALF gets punishing as the game progress.In the end it is satistifying, but also really annoying.Still, I recommand everyone buy this game. Just be prepared some rage quit momments.And if your blood lust for hard, even punishing game. Rabi-ribi is definitely your choose.#original comment: (2016/07/08)Well, what a game for its price,Cute style(both pixelart and cg), good music.Great control (might be a little weird at the beginning)Decent gameplay - metroidvania with bullethell boss fights.And...bunny girl!(((((BUY THIS NOW))))))Just joking, the price is higher than most indie games.But I think Rabi-Ribi deserves it.At least I play it for 2 straight hours without feeling any bit boring.It's cute, fun, and satisfied :DJust to be sure.If you don't like anime style, or bullethell fights, or metroidvania gameplay.Or maybe feeling guilty playing as a innocent girl.- which basically Rabi-Ribi is.You can try less than 2 hours and ask for refund.Just don't put your hatred on me if you actidently spend too much time on it."
,Recommended,400910,24435715,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,WalpurgisDei,"I'd probably say this game was definitely 10/10 if I didn't have problems with it slowing down significantly in a couple areas and two or more of the final battles for the main story (chapter 5, I believe).I only beat the ""main"" story so far and have this opinion.It really is a great game, though.Easily 8/10."
,Recommended,400910,24100235,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Romani,"I had no idea I would end up loving this game so much.The soundtrack is amazing, characters and dialogue are cute, items and progression are perfect.Definitely worth it, I would love to play more games like this."
,Recommended,400910,23546276,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,CateDoge,"kawaii metroidvania platformer with bullet hell bosses. I find it pretty difficult because I never really played bullet hell games, so it's a good challenge. the ost is pretty good. the fan service is cute without being overkill. I think $15 would be a more reasonable price, but it's definitely a good game."
,Recommended,400910,25541915,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Lananana,Fun and challenging game.
,Recommended,400910,25578776,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,RadKennster,"This game was a A LOT better than I thought it was going to be.It's tons of fun! The bosses are fun to fight, the music is catchy, and the combos are so satisfying to hit! If you're looking for a cutesy yet challenging metroidvania game, this is the game for you.I have yet to finish the game but so far it's a blast and I can't stop playing it!"
76561198171604171,Recommended,400910,26019925,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,399,"Why are you even reading this? Just buy the game already!Why should you buy this game you ask? Are cute bunny girls not a good enough reason already?Then how about an amazing soundtrack, stunning artwork and enough challenges to keep you occupied for weeks!At $20 this is an outright steal for the amount of content you are getting. So much replay value in it.If you think that just because it looks all cute and colorful that it will be some boring game then you are very wrong. The bosses even on normal can drive you up a wall and make u smash your keyboard.tl;dr - Just get the game. It's totally worth it."
,Recommended,400910,25915575,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Lux Is Best,"If you love anime, it's a yes."
76561198025320158,Recommended,400910,25953061,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,teastained,"This game is NOT overpriced. The world within the game is huge. I'll admit I take my time with games, and my first playthrough of the main game took me 40 hours, the same amount of time it typically takes me to beat a $60 console JRPG. And there's a lot to do after you beat the game, too. I love super difficult platformers, and I found that normal was a good difficulty for me to start out on. The challenging boss fights are balanced out by mostly relaxed platforming in between. The game is adorable and feels highly rewarding."
,Recommended,400910,26249420,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Penguin Sass,"This game is absolutely fantastic. If you like Metroid or Cave Story, then this is a must-have in your library. This game also has a lot of replayabilty, because it has many different game modes, and 150 achievements. The game can also slightly different depending on the in-game partners you find."
76561198126289565,Recommended,400910,26252667,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,How do I become nuer,"I used to think I am a very good player in most of games until I played thisWhen you tired of life, try thisYou will find the way to live again"
,Recommended,400910,26695152,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Standard loli (Weeaboo Cancer),"My parents are disappointed. Not for playing the game, but for beating my♥♥♥♥♥♥too much to the game."
76561198321269134,Recommended,400910,30908132,Posted: 2 April,all,KillTheCancer™,i really like the 2d art style choice and how you can choose how you want to play not many games have that so i think its pretty cool its a really good game 10/10
76561198054883764,Recommended,400910,24146790,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Mookystyx,The Dark Souls of games featuring rabbits.Game of the Century
,Recommended,400910,28629906,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,蛙,It's like Madoka. It's cute. Right guys? ;)
,Recommended,400910,28626316,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Kyo,"Heard that this game is underrated so I decided to give it a shot (I mean the bunny girl looks coot so I had to). .anyway, this really did surprise meFor a game that's a 2D platformer, it's got a lot to bring:Some fan service,Bunny girl,Different attack moves,Magic/bullet/laser shooting bosses,etc.Oh, and I like the 8-bit design as well"
,Recommended,400910,23159907,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,TCE,why is this game so good aaaaa
,Recommended,400910,27192434,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,mkL,cool boss figth and waifus 10/10
76561198048040654,Recommended,400910,27319634,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Grandpa Potato,"Good looking and stylish, difficult as all hell you really gotta be a pro for this one and a lot of epileptic seizures 10/10 game of the year 2016"
,Recommended,400910,27082917,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Rey,"Yeah has bunny girls, cat girls and succubusesalso a game i thinkit's good"
76561198053454332,Recommended,400910,27095357,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,"no, you're a molotov",i love
,Recommended,400910,27116398,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Trath,It's fine.
76561198030310426,Recommended,400910,27133113,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Kristoph,A very well made Metroidvania style game.
,Recommended,400910,27231046,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Syushi,Nominated this game for Villain Most In Need Of A Hug Award <3
76561198079200158,Recommended,400910,27223807,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Thravior,"One of the best game I've ever player. It's a metroidvania, but it also incorporates bullet hell gameplay in its crazy boss fight. That fact that it can be played in a non-linear fashion only makes it better."
76561198287199044,Recommended,400910,27203413,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,音無霊風,兔子真可爱我要养兔子，喜欢就赶紧买吧，早买早享受。
,Recommended,400910,27368939,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Plexus,I love this game so much
,Recommended,400910,27350762,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,TheDeluxeTux,This game is amazing.It has cute girls.It has lots of content.Why haven't you played it yet?
76561198070050356,Recommended,400910,27352637,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Reiichiru,Rab? Bit? Rab! Bit!Fun and challenging and super cute!
,Recommended,400910,27353975,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Fatswallow,Don't judge it by looks; this is great bullethell metroidvania game. must try.
,Recommended,400910,27388695,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Rize,This game is too addicting.Fights BossDies2 hours later....Dies againBunny Girls/10
76561198054656197,Recommended,400910,27401629,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,A5tute_man1ac,"I'll be brief and quick about this game. For those of you who love danmaku games (bullet hell shooters) and metroidvania games, this game is it for you. Rabi-Ribi takes what makes danmaku games and metroidvania games good and delivers it into a single package. Is it good? Yes I find it good. I find this game to have a good charm around it. It looks all cutesy while having good gameplay, what more can you ask?"
,Recommended,400910,26970012,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Black Heart,"Fun game, great gameplay for a decent price. Totally worth it!"
,Recommended,400910,27031792,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,ArmoredHarpy,Might look like a generic weeb game but I can promise you that the boss fights make this game worth every penny.
,Recommended,400910,27009765,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Aira,"you play as a bunny girl and whack other girls with a hammer and a skimpy fairyIf that doesn't count as combat, I don't know what does"
,Recommended,400910,26978495,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,164 / 1000 Wild Cat Ears,I bought this game because of the anime waifus. But it actually turned out to be a really top game.
,Recommended,400910,22848795,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,johnzero,"Don't let its cuteness fool you. This game is gonna kill you... a lot!(Not an ecchi game. Just really really cute.)If you like Dark souls, Metroidvanias or Bullet-Hells, what could be better than all 3 convined into one game!Plus an awsome soundtrack you cant go wrong with Rabi-Ribi.PS: Did I mention it has a lot of bunny girls and cat girls? Because it has a lot bunny girls and cat girls! Everything is so freaking cute!Don't even wait for a sale. GET IT NOW!"
76561198201157723,Recommended,400910,23161254,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,jgagnon282,A great game with a plot that is very intresting.
,Recommended,400910,23131377,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,AchedSphinx,If you like challenging games then you'll love this game. The characters and art in this game is cute and the dialogue is pretty funny. It might be too anime for some but it's a really fun game regardless. The game also sees plenty of updates and there's a good deal of post game content now if you're looking for a challenge.
76561198045750961,Recommended,400910,24245510,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,DudeBro Douchinton,The artstyle might be a giant put off if you are considering buying this game. But Rabi-Ribi is a very good metroidvania with challenging boss fights. Plenty of replayability if you want to get better. I did a 0% run not too long ago and it was a blast.Great music too.
76561198075811594,Recommended,400910,24137152,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,raJor,"I don't usually play bullet hell game, but this one is an exception I guess.First of all, I'm attracted to this game because of the artworks: the characters and the design levels.Both are really pretty and well polished, loves them so much.Second, the moment I tried the game, it's really fun and challenging.Sure it's hard, it's a bullet game after all, but the hard difficulty doesn't really stop me from trying again and again and again after each fails, cause it's really balanced and the sense of accomplishment when you able to defeat the boss(es) is really satisfying.. . . . .Though, the noob me back then against the last Irisu boss battle was pathetic, stopped playing for a couple of months cause it's too hard for me back then, it's only Novice difficulty though. I cri evrytiem.But now that I able to beat her, I gotta say, the hard difficulty (though it's only novice difficulty for me) is really worth it.The sense of accomplishment... MMMPPPHHHHH! Feels so damn goooooooooood~And the third one, the music is awesome!I'm really glad that I bought the OST DLC, not a single cents feels wasted!Last one, regarding the storyline.Hm... although it's not bad, it's also not really special.It could be worse, but I'd say it's above average.Quite enjoyed the conversation between characters; the jokes and the dramas between them.In the end, I really recommend this game if you're fan of cute artworks and challenging metroidvania games.Just be careful not to get too frustrated because of the hard boss(es) battle, I'm being serious here.PS:DAT 148 ACHIEVEMENT DOE!Now that I have beaten the game, gonna have to try to earn all those achievements.But the game is hard... I'm scared to go again, especially against the boss(es)...Uuuhhh, forgive me, but maybe I'll try again some other time."
76561198294308149,Recommended,400910,24280727,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,usrnamoo,"I haven't played much but I really enjoyed it, I recommend this game if you liked Megaman Zero because I found quite a lot of similarities. For example the main attack is a melee that does a lot of damage, and throughout the game you increase the length of the melee combo. There is also a secondary ranged weapon that is practically useless against bosses unless charged up. Also the bosses have quite similar difficulty to those I find in Megaman Zero as in it is difficult to beat the boss unless you can learn it's attack patterns. The only thing missing now is a throwable shield and a spear."
,Recommended,400910,24288224,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,JZig,"It's a cross between metroid and a bullet hell shooter, with a super anime aesthetic. If you can deal with bunny girls and enjoy those genres you should buy and play this game. I'm playing on one difficulty above normal, which is challenging but doable, and the boss fights are some of the best I've played."
,Recommended,400910,24176877,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,XJes6,I cry when I play this game.
,Recommended,400910,24234907,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,EfiwRuoyLlik,Very fun game. Wish there were more like it.
,Recommended,400910,24211487,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,IllGrim,10/10
76561198052901003,Recommended,400910,24187328,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Rinewarle,I love this game...
76561198258486232,Recommended,400910,24145293,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,SoggyDango,cutest game I've ever played in my life ( '3' )b10/10
,Recommended,400910,20943076,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Apollo,"First Impressions Review:This is a first impressions review, so feel free to take everything here with a grain of salt as my opinion will likely change by the end.Gameplay: 8/10Action and controls are pretty solid, however I occasionally find myself getting a bit frusturated with rather simple things (that's probably just me being bad though!). All in all, enjoyable gameplay. Feels really satisfying when you get those combos. The story is a bit wack, however in the end I suppose it compliments the whole naive and clueless (in a cute way!) atmosphere the main character has.Graphics: 9/10One of the main selling points of the game in my opinion. Graphic style is very appealing, cute and lively. The character portraits are quite nice as well.Music: 8/10Haven't really heard anything stellar yet, but that's just personal taste. All in all the soundtrack is nice, but I hope things become a bit more memorable later in the game. I would put a 7 here, but I want to give it the benefit of the doubt.Performance: 9/10Resolution seems a bit strange at times, however besides that small complaint I'm happy to find this game running really smooth. Nothing worse than buying a new game that's poorly optimized, not the case here though!In conclusion, Rabi-Ribi shows a lot of promise from it's first few levels. I look forward to playing it further!"
,Recommended,400910,20943574,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Harumin,I love mix of dungeon crawler and bullet hell this game has to offer. The sotry is a little repetative but you get used to it over time ^^
,Recommended,400910,28015281,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Duscha,You know why you're here: for that quality metroidvania shootemup bunny and cat girl action. Weebs and normies alike will love it. Your parents will acknowledge your passion for games and will never bother you again if you introduce them to Rabi-Ribi.
,Recommended,400910,28011122,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Magnus_Dracul,worth every cent highly enjoyable game.
76561198113356398,Recommended,400910,28392329,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,nidzinski,"For me, this is the best game of year 2016! Charming characters, super music and well crafted game design. Highly recommended if you have nothing against cutie animé style drawings."
,Recommended,400910,27504041,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Bachii,Bunny-Girl+Bullethell? Sign me up!
,Recommended,400910,27429138,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,DilleDing,Bullets/10 Would die alot again.
76561198046540314,Recommended,400910,27430348,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,blinklynx,"Do you have a special love for Metroid and Mushihimesama, and wished there was a way to play both games at the same time? If yes, then your prayers have been answered and this is the game for you! The only complaint I have is that after a while it starts to run a little long (Yes, I'm complaining about too much content). There's close to dozens of boss fights with lots of patterns to learn, and after awhile I really just wanted the game to end, but despite this having this sentiment I can say that the gameplay really is excellent. Recommended if you enjoy platformers and schmups."
,Recommended,400910,27421738,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,2B Nico Neko,This game should win.Because I love bunnies :3
76561197978500423,Recommended,400910,27423819,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Live To Tell,"You are not ready.Whatever you think of this game at first glance? You are being deceived. It's full of cute, anime-style, chibi girl spites. They are the bait. Some of them? Your executioners. The lovingly hand-detailed, diverse pixel-art environments? A labyrinthian trap. The charming and original music score? A siren-song to dull your reflexes to a fatal degree. The amazing spells and attack skills, mingling melee and range fighting to rack up huge combos fluidly and pyrotechnically? Require god-like precision and timing to achieve amazingly satisfying victories. The sugary, sweet story of friendship and devotion and determination? Will play the strings of your heart like a harp from hell.You are not ready.This is a hell of bullets. A 'bullet hell', even, if you will. Combat builds at a steady pace as you progress and learn and then explodes into technicolor, digital insanity when you reach the next adorable boss fight. Don't stop. Don't breathe. Don't think. Dont blink. You must react. Move like the wind, fight like a demon. Or the bosses of Rabi-Ribi will suck you in, chew you up, and spit you out. And that's just on the most basic levels. The difficulty can be increased, if you're a madman. Or a fool.But..... If you have the heart of a warrior, nerves of steel, reflexes like a leaf on the wind, a combat instinct like a flowing river, and a resolve of stone?Then Rabi-Ribi is your paradise. Adventure, fortunte, and glory away you amongst the adorable (and sometimes scantily clad) warrior goddesses! Set forth and claim it! You will not be disappointed! But, if you harbor even a shred of doubt, this world will be your undoing. Now, it is up to you.....You will be weighed, and you will be measured. Will you be found wanting?Good luck."
,Recommended,400910,27381827,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Not Hamichi,"Totally ""BEST USE OF A FARM ANIMAL"" Award"
,Recommended,400910,27628351,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,ほむら,"It's like Castlevania: Symphony of the Night and Touhou made a baby and took out all the dark edgy themes. Instead, you're given a colorful and cute game that focuses on flashy boss battles and collecting items to buff your character.This game has a lot of stuff to do; if you're a completionist, there's a bunch of achievements to get! This game can also get pretty hard (you get an achievement from a Game Over ""It's not a game if you can't lose!"").If you're not experienced with the bullet-hell genre, you might want to cruise through the game on 'Casual' Mode.On another note, the music is REALLY good and VERY catchy. If you have the extra money, I recommend showing support to the devs and buying the DLC, which comes with the soundtrack in FLAC format, concept art, and some extra modes to play!"
76561198001224991,Recommended,400910,27618950,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Phosphorcracker,"Rabi-Ribi is a colorfull challenging action loaded brain melting game.Thats one hell of a description but here we go:Pros:-colorfull-action combat hell yeah-crazy bullethell style bosses-interesting world and characters-cute anime stuff-diverse gamemodesCons:-cute anime stuffNeutral:-the difficulty isnt freely adjustible but it doesnt matter too much, you can always go lower but you can only highen the difficulty once in a playthrough.If you survive the cringe and overlook all the fanservicey stuff youll find a real gem of a game right here."
,Recommended,400910,23572887,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,PolarisFyre™,"If you like bullet hell games and you don't have this game, you're missing out.Trust me. Oh, and I loved the art :)"
,Recommended,400910,27911574,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Atelier iZUN's Bunny,A bunny and a fairy decided to become slave traders and bully people into their hideout. They also travel through space and time by bumping heads with corners.
,Recommended,400910,27956635,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Weaple,"Its a metroidvania style bullet hell. Collect power ups and upgrades to be able to access the new areas. Its also really hard. Easy mode is probably still going to wreck your face if you haven't played bullet hell games before.Game is extremely well designed and mechanically fluid. Something that I like a lot is that the maps were built in a way for someone to zero item clear the game if he/she understood the game mechanics well enough.Story's nonsensical though, but anyone who's played enough touhou is probably used to that by now."
76561198107448894,Recommended,400910,27957322,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Averwynn,"If you liked any Metroid game, you will like this one."
,Recommended,400910,28282796,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,DarkMage530,"Provides a nice balance of fun and challenge. There seems to be a lot of extra content and lot to do beyond the main storyline. Characters are pretty cute, story line is average, music is good, and controls are smooth. Would highly recommend."
,Recommended,400910,28711356,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Prody,"If you're a big fan of dodging danmaku and also happen to be a rabbit enthusiast, this game is for you!"
,Recommended,400910,30242176,Posted: 28 February,all,Illusionary Idealism,"This is game is pretty, fun, silly , and cute anime grils. If you like bullet hells like touhou your in for a ride. and as if it was tradition yes there is an almost unreal difficulty setting for the masochists"
76561198044683516,Recommended,400910,30217078,Posted: 27 February,all,Doomsdayboss,"My first bullet hell game. A very good one to start with and has since made bullet hell one of my main preffered genres. Great for newcomers, but still gonna give hardcore bullet hell players a challenge with the later difficulty options."
76561198254593784,Recommended,400910,29239818,Posted: 13 January,all,NeppingMiru,"If you like to rage at something and abandon it for a while then come back to it and repeat the process of rage or screaming ""DON'T♥♥♥♥♥♥ME!!!!!! PLS!!! AHHHHH!!!!!!"" towards a 2D succubus boss, Then, this is the game for you. Trust me~ it will be fine~~"
,Recommended,400910,30214664,Posted: 26 February,all,⎛⎝Schnelli⎠⎞,I enjoyed it. Although the ending parts were tedious and the storyline went out of control.
,Recommended,400910,28869211,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,sayonaraaa,Got rekt by waifus. No regrets
,Recommended,400910,20989601,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Aruz,"This game is ridiculously difficult. Yet it's still fun. It's a side scroller mixed with a bullet-hell, not the type of game I was expecting based off the images I've seen."
,Recommended,400910,30258075,Posted: 1 March,all,pocky310,nice cute 2dgame=w=
76561198136106928,Recommended,400910,30266268,Posted: 1 March,all,雷恩Rain,nice game
,Recommended,400910,31493237,Posted: 1 May,all,grape up bitch,"Haven't completed it yet, but I know I can recommend this game about 8 hours in just because of how hooked I've been to it since about an hour into buying it.The game is, for the most part, based around nonlinear storytelling where the big selling point is the bosses you fight. Beyond that, there's just a lot of exploration and a combat system that seems simple on the surface but can actually be quite deep.If you're at all into metroidvania games and one with aspects of bullet hell mixed in peeks your interest at all, I guarantee you'll love this game. Without a doubt worth $18.EDIT: Completed initial playthrough and tried Boss Rush. Still very much so recommended. Extremely good game."
,Recommended,400910,22594956,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,☯TremblingBambi™♫,nice indie game & cute anime characters is a must have
76561197998710555,Recommended,400910,24640954,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Skyleaf,"I updated this review after finding out that the game now has 144 Hz modes! I will give it a temporary recommended and finalize the review once I played the game :)Update: The 144Hz modes of the game lock the fps to 42/72 fps instead of the target 60! But I found a fix for the problem for nvidia users: just got to 3d settings, add custom rabi ribi launch options, then select prefered refresh rate to: let the application decide -> 60 FPS!Legacy review (not up to date):Dear developer, please let us know that your game is unable to run properly on displays with more than 60 Hz! If your engine ties framrate to the game speed, at least limit it to 60 fps! As long as this is not changed I cannot play, nor recommend your game! (And limiting my display to 60 fps for a game is not something i will ever do as it affects the rest of my pc as well!)"
76561198203076558,Recommended,400910,28722063,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Duck Joestar,"I bought this game because it's been on my wishlist for a while so I decided it was time to finally pick it up.I'm not dissapointed at all! The art is adorable, but I'm somewhat partial to animated pixel art. The characters are also rather cute and it engages me with even the NPCs. I've only been playing for a short time but I also feel quite attached to Erina as she's just a cute little cinnamon role that needs protecting ^_^I highly recomend this game if you like platformers, visual novels and cute bunny girls!"
,Recommended,400910,28017489,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,姫,"Now, if you're reading this, is probably beacause you are thinking of buying the game, but you're not confident enough if it's going to be a good choice or not.So let me convince you on why youshould buythis game.TL;DR included at the end.Not sure where should I even begin with this gemame, underrated is definitely the best description to be given.I do understand that at first glimpse the game doesn't look appealing at all, almost looking like a childish game, especially because of its theme.However, as you see yourself clocking more and more hours, you realise that there's more than just bunnygirls involved (even though that's the one of the best parts). Some people might find the story to be rather ""cheap"" or ""cliché"", but I found it to be deep and enjoyable at the same time(damn plot twists and final chapters), so much that I completed the game twice. As you gather more and more people to your town, you'll realise how nice the characters are, each one has a distinc personality, which makes the story even more enjoyable (hard to choose your waifu though). Another thing to mention is the non linearity of the story, which means you can proceed with the game however you want, go beat the bosses in any order you want, making this game's replayability potential so high.The grafics are actually one of this game's charm. This colorful pixel madness is what you need to break that monotony of ultra-realistic graphics, plus the artstyle which is also great.As for the gameplay, the best definition for it is that: ""If a metroidvania and a bullet hell had a baby, that'd be Rabi-Ribi"". If you're a fan of one of these genres, you should definitely give it a go and if you're fan of both genres, how haven't you purchased this gem yet?At first, the game seems way too straight forward, as many people might go for the lower difficulties in their first run, leaving the game with a possible ""bad first impression"". Fear not mate, you'll soon see yourself crying blood and almost having an aneurism as you try to beat the bosses on the most advanced difficulties. After clocking this many hours into this game, I can still barely beat bosses on the last difficulty.Oh  yeah, how can I say all that without mentioning the boss fights, which in my opinion is the best part of the game and together with the soundtrack (which is absolutely fenomenal) is what keeps me coming back to this game after so many hours. Each boss feels unique to play against and the feeling of finally beating them on higher difficulties is just so rewarding.After finishing the game, you have options of speedrunning the game or just beating the bosses, which makes the replayability of this game really high.If after all this reading you're still not sure, just have a look at all other reviews and you'll realise that what I'm telling is actually true.TL;DRPROSNon-linear story +Great art style +Fenomenal soundtrack +Really enjoyable story and characters +Boss fights are insanely good +Replayability +++Bunnygirls +Lots of waifus +Cicini + (Best waifu)higher dificulties might be aneurism inducing + (makes you want to play ""more 5 minutes"")Perfect blend of bullethell and metroidvania +CONSActually TOO many waifus (hard to pick yours) -You cannot play as your waifus - (just beat them)Higher difficulties are crazy hard - (be mindful of your heart)"
,Recommended,400910,27558587,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,CommanderZx2,Best metroidvania on Steam!
76561197995773816,Recommended,400910,21298810,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Twixie,"Best metroidvania game to come out in a long time? CheckBullet hell mechanics mixed with platforming and collecting item? CheckBig cast of bosses, each with their own set of attacks and skills? CheckHarder difficulties, boss only runs, speedruns and the game is still being updated!Why don't you own this yet? Stop reading this and buy it already!"
,Recommended,400910,27519896,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,"Aswababa, The",Best Metroidvania-VN-DanmakuJUST TAKE IT!!!
,Recommended,400910,27508528,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Minnut Butter,"Absolutely love this game. I didn't know to much about it when I bought it during the Anime Steam sale, but it was totally worth my money. I'm not very good at bullet-hell esque games, so I was very glad to see that it has a difficulty setting and even if you're bad at the easiest difficulty it's very forgiving and gives you a timed boost to your defenses. It has great, likeable characters, wonderful soundtrack, and awesome gameplay.  :)"
,Recommended,400910,27494622,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,i wanna go to weebtown,cute
,Recommended,400910,27479823,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Darokaru(だろかる),"This is my nomination for ""The care of the craft"" award also known as the Steam award you name yourself.My reasons for giving this nomination to Rabi - Ribi is because when I bought the game, I didn't expect to much of it.I thought, it was just another indie 2D platformer that had got the strange idea of adding a bullet hell shooter into the mix, which was the reasons I wanted to try it in the first place, you know just to see how it would work and what I got was probably one of the best 2D platformers I have ever played.The characters, the story, the art and the gameplay are all really well done but the two things that are brilliantly done are the boss battles and the music, but that is still not the entire reason for this nomination.Because after the game released the developer has been busy patching the game with a few bug fixes, a lot of gameplay tweaks and additional content which most of have been for free and as we all know the gaming industry of today, that's some dedication we don't usually see too often.What we do see a lot of however are game breaking bugs at release and a lot of paid dlc and thats why, when you make something great and want to make it better for everyone, then you should be given some recognition for it."
76561198042135342,Recommended,400910,27159712,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Raventurock,"I happened across this game a while back and wanted to play it so badly.Glad to say that I still remembered it and played it. It's difficult, but fun in it's own little way.Go and have fun with this game."
,Recommended,400910,24359988,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,{NLR} C´est Moi ;D,"Even though I'm absolutely terrible at bullethell games, and never really got into any prior, I really enjoyed Rabi-Ribi. The artstyle is great and cute, some of the characters are adorable, the music is amazing and the dialogue is actually pretty amusing at times.In terms of gameplay, it's a 2D platformer game, fairly open worlded, in that you can pretty much go whichever way you want, when you want, within reason that is, though there ARE achievements for doing certain ""late game"" things first, so it's perfectly doable to go where you want if you have the dedication and know how.The combat is, as you might guess, bullethell style, with a heavy focus on you learning attacks, patterns and how to dodge them (or in my case, dodge enough to not die before the bosses do). Combat is very fluent, boss battles are varied and intense and there were only a couple times where I went ""I have no idea how I'm even supposed to dodge that?""Most of the attacks I personally failed at dodging, I could easily see how one could dodge, and even managed to do so, I was just not the best at it at all times, so it's very fair in the regard.I played through on Normal difficulty, and I had my share of difficulties as I went, so it sure isn't an easy game, and losing repeatedly on bosses is something to be expected, especially if you have my level of dodging skills, or worse. The game does offer you some ""help"", in the way of a two buffs that reduce damage taken and heal you, if you lose too many times on a boss, though I only had to resort to accepting that on the very, very final/last boss battle (final chapter end boss) and only after having lost 9 or so times in a row, because I realized I had probably reached the limit of what I was capable of beating.The controls are pretty good, the different types of magic you can get all have their uses, I found myself cycling between them fairly frequently, of course I had a few I prefered more than the others, but none of them I found useless.The consumable items you can get were also all useful, there's only four of them, but they really help out in times of need (3 healing items, one damage item)All in all, great game, very cute, very fun, easily one of the best I've played."
,Recommended,400910,27574263,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,CrimsonAxell,From the cute and funny story to all the characters. I loved every bit of it. I always find myself coming back to it.
76561198030655190,Recommended,400910,27572383,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Dramatis Persona,"The game's fun hi concept - combine Metroidvania style exploration with Touhou style bullet hell shooting - would alone make Rabi-Ribi worthy of a look.  But unlike many games that rely on a novel hook to obscure shortcomings in the implementation, every aspect of this game has a polish usually only lavished on sequels.  From the level design, to the play control, to the progression of new ability acquisition, everything here is positively brimming with an attention to detail that is always focused on the player's enjoyment.The only reasons not to be in love with this game are purely matters of subjective taste.  The presentation is positively saturated in an aesthetic that is so unironically cute and pleasant that it may come off as quite bland to some.  It's a little similar to the flavor of many Nintendo games in this way, albeit with a more otaku-centric slant.  But, like Nintendo games, this intentionally harmless aesthetic serves to prevent stylistic elements from distracting from the excellent gameplay on display."
,Recommended,400910,28779039,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Jacktopian,"Weeb The GameHigh/dynamic difficulty danmaku platforming metroidvania with the vast majority of obstacles being waifus and miscellaneous cute things. While the fodder is just there for filler and rarely provide much of a challenge (As at Hard Post-Game Boss Rush), bosses always require active play and thought.The combat system is based around being able to attack with both melee and ranged attacks simultaneously, doing so is incentivised by the combo meter which increases your attack output as it it gets higher, incentivising risky play to get more hits in to reach multipliers over 50%.For those more partial to masochism than general challenge there are many parts of the game built around sequence breaking and conquering areas that no sane person should be able to beat, let alone attempt. Another encouraged self-imposed challenge is the 0% items run for those who truly hate themselves, relying solely on the pea shooter and level management to get through the metroidvania experience, taking non-linearity to its logical conclusion.My only real complaints are the lack of analogue movement for controllers, meaning one can never have total control over their high-speed dodging, and a lack of the option to always have a visible hitbox, although it isn't hard to approximate with the overlay at the start of the boss fight. The developer is constantly adding quality of life improvements, so it’s very possible that these critiques could be irrelevant in a few months’ time.Objectively, the gratuitous art style may put a good amount of people off of the game, but it is evident through playing Rabi Ribi, that it knows exactly what audience it wants to target"
,Recommended,400910,28779243,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Ken Masters,"EARLY REVIEW:Probably the most surprising and the biggest standouts of the year for me.  I haven't gotten the chance to play very many games this year due to personal problems as well as tech problems, but for the most part it's been tech demos and promises this year.  Those or older games.Just like most games like it, if you can look past the art style it's a great game.  The art style and story so far are really not my cup of tea.  I like anime, but not of this style.  Thankfully the humor and some admittedly touching moments make up for it.Gameplay is a straight up metroidvania.  I figured I would play for 10 minutes and see how it is and then I get to a point where the game makes fun of me with a dialogue sequence for getting the exploration bug and not going in a straight line.  Combat feels just right and the way you gain experience through the use of moves is very addictive.This is definitely a must buy.  One more thing, that Digital Artbook is hardly an artbook.  It's secretly a DLC that gives you more difficulty modes, more bosses(some unfinished), and stuff like that.  It's interesting."
,Recommended,400910,28849960,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,IrrationalKilla,"Very cute game and really good game play to follow it up with. Fairly simple story yet good enough to get a little emotional.Bullet Hell is very new to me and, even on Normal Difficulty, I found this to be and enjoyable introduction to the style.I can reconize the huge amount off effort that went into perfecting the game. The controlls took very little getting used to and are super smooth.I have a tendancy to quit playing games that are too hard for me. With this game I found that the difficulty was actually a strong point for this game. As hard as this game gets, it is way too fun to give up.The art is amazing and so is the music.Thumbs up everywhere, I don't even know what to complain about."
76561197990251435,Recommended,400910,27610990,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Cray,"Great game! Failure here made me want to get back in and prove I was better than that. Challenging,and the gameplay is fun to boot. Also has lots of cute girls if that's your thing."
76561198103811893,Recommended,400910,27922935,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,LumpOfSteak,"Game is pretty challenging. I came into this game thinking that it would be a cake walk, but even on normal it's a fair bit difficult and muscle memory"
,Recommended,400910,27871114,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Pyro;Socks,"What happens when you combine a metroidvania/platformer with a bullet hell game? This.Highly, highly reccommend, I had a lot of fun with this one."
,Recommended,400910,27772064,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Celionis,"Want a game full of cute girls on an island made of bullet hell? Some high paces combat, with high paced music to go with it? Then look no further, Rabi-Ribi has it.From fairly simple attack patterns like something out of MegaMan, to complex, screen-filling blitzs you would find in Touhou, and a whole handful of difficulty levels ranging frim ""easy"" to Bunny Extenction mode, you are sure to bash your head against a wall by the tim eyou are done, no matter what difficulty you play on.A metroidvania world, bullet hell bossfights, a story about a confused bunny and her fairy companion, trying to make a home in the strange situation they find themselves in.200/10 would swing bunny hammer forever.***MY ONE ISSUE IS I HAVE TO SET MY SCREEN REFRESH RATE AT 60Hz INSTEAD OF 144Hz IF I DONT WANNA PLAY AT 144 FPS (over double the intended game speed)***"
,Recommended,400910,27780109,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,khazhyk⭐,♥♥♥♥♥s hard
,Recommended,400910,27779758,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Nid,ITS FAIRLY ADORABLE.
,Recommended,400910,22752931,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,La Li Lu Le Lo,"Rabi-Ribi is an extremely polished indie ""metroidvania"" about a bunny and a fairy. Don't be fooled, this is legitimately one of the best games in years. Rabi-Ribi never failed to keep me surprised and had me smiling throughout.The pixel art is relatively simple, but clean and visually pleasing. The soundtrack is uterly awesome and varied. The controls are tight and responsive. The developers obviously had an attention to detail that most other developers sorely lack these days and it's amazing just how well Rabi-Ribi is put together, with so much content, varied modes and difficulties. Every aspect of the game is fantastic, I can't stress just how good Rabi-Ribi is.If you like the genre, you REALLY owe it to yourself to play this.If you're the type to be put off by the ""anime"" style of the graphics, don't be, you'll be missing out on a truly fantastic experience."
76561198286831959,Recommended,400910,27880232,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,RixTehGamer,"Hello, everyone! My name is well you see my username so... Anywho, I can't believe I haven't reviewed Rabi-Ribi yet, which is sad. Onto my summary, which you should not read if you don't want me to spoil the game for you,basically, it's about a bunny Erina who got transformed into a bunny/human creature,  who finds people or um... I guess animals, mages, and like I said, people. But before, she met a fairy named Ribbon who helps her on her ""journey"" or ""quest"". Now the quest is just to find Rumi, Erina's master, and then find Rumi's sister, MIru from another dimension.Now, I won't spoil any more than that,  so my review... It's an awesome game that kept me playing and re-playing it over and over again. I loved how some bosses actually kept me playing until I finally defeated them, which wasn't bad because I think to help you improve in gaming is to exceed your limit rather than decrease your limit on how much you can actually play. Next,I wasn't expecting a plot twist or wait... was it really a plot twist?Anywho, I definitely would recommend this game for whoever passes by it. P.S. please ignore me, I'm just a person who would want you to play Rabi-Ribi."
76561197995205615,Recommended,400910,27898989,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,LaBlueSkuld,"When I first picked this game up my thought was ""Well, at least it'll be a cute experience even if it turns out to be a mediocre Metroidvania"".After playing it for the first hour I quickly realized that this was an utterly phenomenal Metroidvania... just with a very cute coat of paint over it all. And as I kept going, chasing after some Achievements I leaned how well made it was overall with tons of opportunities to sequence break and tackle bosses in varying orders (Which the boss level system means more will be different than just you fighting Boss B before Boss A)... I was hooked. Combine with a great soundtrack (The weakest tracks are merely good while the best tracks are astounding Rabi-Ribi is quite possibly my Game of the Year.Heck, I'd put it right up there with the greats of the genre like Super Metroid and Symphony of the Night."
,Recommended,400910,27750822,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Zigmorav,Need that metroidvania fix? Look no futher than Rabi-ribi. It might look cute on the outside but the bosses can be bloody difficult. Awesome soundtrack (seriouly awesome soundtrack that made me buy the original soundtrack in lossless FLAC). The best part for me? There's nothing wrong with having great eye candy while playing. You know you want dem bunny girls. You can't deny it.
,Recommended,400910,27784841,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Foster,Rabi-Ribi has created a special place in my heart and a favorite in my library
76561198132524793,Recommended,400910,27706005,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,[RKNi] ~SMEEF~,"This is a combination of bullet hell, platformer and rpg games. It's rage indusing game is very adictive and fun"
,Recommended,400910,27722054,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,akaikem,"Metroidvania style game, cute girls, yuri. 10/10"
76561198294643585,Recommended,400910,22194962,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,千年幻想乡,非常棒的游戏呢!!!手感赞赞赞!!值得入手~
76561198050709771,Recommended,400910,29367185,Posted: 19 January,all,qwixilver,"If you're into metroidvania style games and/or bullet hell games, this is gonna be great!"
,Recommended,400910,29498350,Posted: 26 January,all,Tory,Solid controls.So far the boss fights have been a joke..Kind of wish i could raise difficulty mid game..I just got to the beach and then fought another mini boss.game is a 10/10 metroid vania meets RPG style game.The combat is hard on controller cause you can charge beam and use melee attacka t some timeso it'll take some getting used to.. perhaps going to swap controlls around to fix this.10/10 ifyou like bullet hell/metroid vania style.
,Recommended,400910,27488824,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,nlolicop,Hate it and love it at the same time
,Recommended,400910,29734120,Posted: 5 February,all,Slippy Toad,Easily the best Bunny Exploration Bullet Hell Action Game on the market.
76561198285252634,Recommended,400910,29672583,Posted: 3 February,all,Senou Natsuru,A fun little bullet hell with a cute protagonist and wonderful adventurous feel.
,Recommended,400910,29703895,Posted: 4 February,all,HitThroughSteel,"This game is fun and good, one of the best I tried. it has great gameplay, music, athestics and quite long."
,Recommended,400910,29810324,Posted: 9 February,all,Aria Enoshima,"10/10, would get rekt by qt girls again"
,Recommended,400910,29925495,Posted: 14 February,all,Ahwi,Cuteness OverloadEnd of Story
,Recommended,400910,29933515,Posted: 14 February,all,Lolicon,It was one of the best game I've ever had (The game was shared by my friend) :D
,Recommended,400910,29723513,Posted: 5 February,all,ҠíиgÖиHuy,So cute =w= Combo fun
,Recommended,400910,32369761,Posted: 12 June,all,XxMEMELORDxX,A very aesthetically pleasing pixel game with cute sprites but damn the gameplay is difficult. Be prepared to endure through a lot of deaths and retries to get through levels. All in all the game is great however.
,Recommended,400910,27427461,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Tabane Shinonono,It is a game suck the soulwwwwwwwwwwwwww
76561198125148497,Recommended,400910,33205912,Posted: 3 July,all,『Luka』,mad fun
,Recommended,400910,33843895,Posted: 27 July,all,Taepodong-2,Anime. Bunnies. Boss fights.Yes.
,Recommended,400910,33884386,Posted: 29 July,all,H2O,"Both Anime and Awesome as F**k.Don't be deceived by cute design. This game is a one heck of a unique platform + Bullet hell + Metroidvania.Completed with one of the most precised control ever. When you want the game to be casual, it's pretty relaxing.When you want the game to be hardcore, this is one of the best ""hard but fair"" experience you can ask for.It might not offer anything new by the term of action-bullet hell games (All boss battles are still all about learningattack patterns and executed without flaw). But this game made it really close to perfection. Yes , this is one of speedrun heaven game.As for the story, it's a kind of story that you have to turn your brain off and have fun with how stupid and cutesy the game has to offer. Actually , the story in this game kinda motivated me to beat the sh*t out of every bosses just because of how annoying simple solution they can have just by talking but decided to have a million bullet hell fight instead.But in the end you will just ask for more of these waifuness goody."
,Recommended,400910,34044523,Posted: 5 August,all,Lemonz,"Bullet-Hell Metroidvania Visual Novel Anime Styled Bunny Girl and Fairy Fun.Smooth gameplay, cute characters, good soundtrack, increasing difficulty of bosses, and satisfaction from progressing.References to other series, and also a social commentary on fanaticism.One of the best ways to disappoint my parents."
76561198220159487,Recommended,400910,34079502,Posted: 7 August,all,Markus00o,I think any bullet hell lover or anime story lover should buy this game. I also think this is the game to begin with if you are new to the bullet hell game tag.
76561198137990909,Recommended,400910,34537317,Posted: 27 August,all,Painless,This game inspired me to buy a pet rabbit and name it Erina.
,Recommended,400910,28627812,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,無限の剣製,I like this game very much cuz I am a weeb.---Pros---1:interesting story2:amazing soundtrack3:fanservice---Cons---1:lack replay value2:lag and fps drop
,Recommended,400910,20907436,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,TheRibbonRed,"A 2D Metroidvania about a human-turned rabbit. Gameplay is very innovative, with recharging-based combat, danmaku bosses and smooth effects making the game enjoyable even while running in a potato (but complex enough to not be a mobile). Story isn't much except for the mystery behind the transformed rabbit, and the English version seemed like having translation issues at times (wrong choice of words, but relatable).Get it if you're wishing for some adventure, liking Touhou fighting games or just needing a new game for your potato.9/10 Perfect Rabbit Sauce."
,Recommended,400910,33560932,Posted: 15 July,all,^5Cirno-09,Great game with challenging gameplay and cute characters
,Recommended,400910,31228251,Posted: 18 April,all,Slavadir,"For those who are wondering,UPRPRC = Usagi Peropero Clubwhich is literally ""bunny licking club"""
,Recommended,400910,28857623,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Yoshii,"Rabi-Ribi is a fantastic game although its my first time with a bullet hell game. It has cute characters with nice music and story. Some parts of the game i get Performance Issues but i stuck with it and continued playing. There are also 2 gamemodes to try after the story has been completed(Both Main and Post)to test your skills on the game which i suck on.One of my favorite music from the game would be ""The Truth Never Spoken""Overall I'd Give it a 10/10 would recommend again"
76561198127444275,Recommended,400910,34954909,Posted: 14 September,all,Syaro-chan,"The best game ive ever played on steam. It looks like a moegril casual game, but actually its a hard core danmaku challenging game, like a 2d horizontal version moe-edition combination of dark souls and Touhou. Of course the key points are the bunny girls and islanders. They are soo cute, and cute is justice, right? So just prepare to die and enjoy it"
,Recommended,400910,34959648,Posted: 14 September,all,N00byGamerPlayz,"My Best Metroidvania along with Hollow Knight and Environmental Station Alpha. What makes this addictive is because it has everything! JUST EVERYTHING! Bullet Hell, Castlevania, Dark Souls, Metroid, etc. However this was after Environmental Station Alpha and before Hollow Knight, it's late for me but i still like it, love the aftergame chapters that they have + they have an entirely optional boss and a DLC with more content. Great design! Dynamix is sponsored by this game btw. I just can't explain how good this is, it's something that can be fair and challenging.Pros:MusicGameplayDesignCombatBossesBullet HellBacktrackingSexy CharactersBasically EverythingCons:None! sometimes lagging.I reecomend this gem for fans of Bullet Hell, Metroidvania and everybody who loves the thing about this game.11/10 for this amazing masterpiece! Wondering why this is always Overwhelmingly positive, because it's one of the best metroidvania game of all time!"
,Recommended,400910,35050216,Posted: 18 September,all,Godling,High quality game.
,Recommended,400910,35055261,Posted: 18 September,all,hitomi,bunnies are very good and you should give them lots of headpats and stuff
,Recommended,400910,35058863,Posted: 18 September,all,King of Ruin,"Metroidvania gameplay and bunny girls, what more could you want?"
,Recommended,400910,35083768,Posted: 20 September,all,RoroMu,"The cute pixel graphics are really interesting because of the barrage shooting genre.The difficulty is quite difficult, but it's immensely funny.If there's one problem, there's too much boss.It's a little bit boring because most of the game play times involve bosses."
,Recommended,400910,35359568,Posted: 30 September,all,Pinta,is good
,Recommended,400910,35315735,Posted: 29 September,all,Ｌｅｗｄ白猫,Buy it.
