user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Not Recommended,401190,18078635,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,не все говорят по-русски,"EDIT: 26.06.2016This game is still a bland waveshooter and not worth your time.if you like video games dont buy this game.EDIT, 14.10.2015:TL;DR""Unfinished, depthless, mindless dino shooter.""""MOM I DONE MAED A GAEM get the camera""""Steam quality control, hello?""This game has had a major overhaul and the developer notified me of this through a friendly comment on my last review so I decided to give it another go.This revamped review may be biased because of that. Be critical when reading.Please also note that I've not had the patience to play through the entire game as of writing this review.There are a few things I do like about this game now. I'll start with those.* This game has lot of content for its asking price- 11 maps- 17 or 19 weapons. It's a bit unclear.- a few dinosaur types, zombies- Four gamemodes in addition to four bonus gamemodes (8 in total)- Multiplayer (currently in beta, whatever that means)* Maps- Fend off a castle against a dinosaur invasion, or take to the snowy mountains to go dino hunting.- Good location variety is what I'm trying to get at.* Player progression- It has a currency system. You gain currency from killing dinosaurs and getting headshots.- You use the currency to purchase new weapons or upgrade your existing ones.* EXPLOSIONS- Michael Bay directed the survival mode.* Uh, performance?- You can most likely run it on either a lemon or potato.- Bugfixes and optimisation are in the works it seems.Now for the things I don't like about this game:* Core gameplayYou pick your weapons, pick your map and mode, and click on dinosaurs.* AIThe AI in this game is broken. All enemies have awful pathfinding, so you'll mostly see them get stuck on terrain. A lot of times the AI doesn't even react to getting shot - especially from far away.Enemies also have weird spawn locations, so the hardest part of this game is actually finding the dinosaurs. In addition they sometimes spawn inside you or right next to you, which is the only time you're likely to die in this game.Give the AI better pathfinding!* MapsThe maps all feel very rushed and badly designed. Why is there a tower on ""Africa"" if you can't climb up there? Why does ""castle"" feature a cool castle if I have to go outside the walls to even find the dinosaurs? On all the maps, there are numerous spots where you can place yourself to bug out the AI, if you have the patience to find the AI.Give the maps purpose and backstory! Why are there dinosaurs getting stuck on terrain in this wintery landscape?? Do I need to track down and defeat the ancient yetisaur?* Weapons/gunplayThe guns I've tried feel boring. The devs have put some work into making the guns feel a bit meaty by making your crosshair bounce around a bit when you fire. I've noticed no bullet drop, no bullet penetration, no tracers and bullets dont leave marks if you fire at any prop in the world. The guns aren't all awful, they just need some work.* Inventory(I think) You can carry all the weapons in the game at the same time and all bullet weapons have a shared stash of one ammunition type. Weapons have magazines which need to be reloaded after depleting them.The devs could've done so much more with the inventory system.* GraphicsGame looks about ten years old. There's varying texture and model quality all over the place. Some things look better than others. Lot of things look either awful or unfinished.* Physics- nope* SoundEither someone has diarrhea or that's a dinosaur yelling.Dinosaurs don't make sounds when stomping around, or while doing anything else. There's just a diarrhea roar when you spawn.GET IT? -STOMPING AROUND-Just to summarize - nothing is fleshed out at all. Everything feels either broken or unfinished.Everything that makes a game cool or good is missing. With the exception of exploding dinosaurs. That part is okay.In my opinion this shouldn't have made it onto Steam to begin with.* Other things- Standard unity launcher in addition to an options menu where you can turn off shadows, bloom and music.Conclusion:I want to recommend this game - I really do. I like the concept, I love dinosaurs, the asking price is nice. I want to be nice. I want to say, ""hey this game has its moments!""  But the game is a turd. It's a piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ And not even a polished one.Waste of time.I would absolutely recommend it as a gift for someone you hate though."
76561198102456448,Not Recommended,401190,18070016,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,21mm,Really buggy. A bunch of the settings are repeated for no reason and the game itself is glitchy. I still want my 2 minutes back even if I had gotten the game for free.Edit: Update is significantly less buggy and the dev seems to be on top of things. This is a work in progress but certainly worth what I paid for it.
,Not Recommended,401190,18073091,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,BernardoOne,"That is one big pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥Mouse cursor appears on gameControls are ridiculous, middle mouse to scope, E to run? WTFNo v-sync to speak off, so enjoy running the game at 1000 FPS( aka Frames per S-hit)The game also plays like a F2P game but without micro-transactions ."
,Not Recommended,401190,32684504,Posted: 23 June,all,DefiantEmerald,"I expected to get a game like Carnivore: Dinosaur Hunter. But instead i got an annoying wave based shooter. The music is obnoxious (yes I'm well aware it can be turned off), the campaign doesn't make any sense, and the whole game is just boring. However, I still think this game has a lot of potential and if it's done right, it could be a really good game."
,Not Recommended,401190,29743791,Posted: 6 February,all,AlexandreBR,"This game sucks, and sucks a LOT!The game was easy to get all the achievements, but the developers of the game keep adding more and MORE and MOREEEEEEEEE achievements, just for the people to play the game again, and sell more copies of the game.BUT this game is completely BROKEN, full of bugs and problems.And the worst, it IS NOT FUN!People bought this game for being simple to complete the achievementsAND ONLY FOR THIS!!!Just look at these gameplays of this game and see with your own eyes how TERRIBLE this game is!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RXXzju4DnpAhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FoSYfjeKUsUhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hlTCDfikdTIhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OzrC2TOdVGA"
,Recommended,401190,32875663,Posted: 27 June,all,ƊƛƦƘ ƝЄƇƦƠƝ,"""Random review for steam stickers"""
,Not Recommended,401190,29170599,Posted: 10 January,all,ErickaUnlimited,"OverviewDinosaur Hunt is a FPS centered on surviving and hunting various breeds of dinosaurs in and around various biomes. Your goal is simple: kill the dinosaurs before they kill you. There’s a story woven into the fabric of this game, but it is so mind-numbingly boring and uninteresting that I had a hard time listening to the dialogue. There’s something about genetic experiments, dinosaur breeding, and death all from the monotone voice of what sounds like someone’s father regurgitating a children’s book to their kid with little to no enthusiasm. The game only gets worse from there.The formal campaign for the game consists of eleven levels, each with a certain number of dinosaurs to hunt in order to finish the level. Each level has what I can only assume is a boss-type enemy, but it’s hard to differentiate sometimes. When you start each level you’re dropped next to some mesh netting and three caches of weapons that hover precariously above them unless they are clipping through the containers or the terrain. Occasionally they’ll all spawn upside-down, making access to said weapons obnoxiously difficult. Once you select your weapon(s) of choice, you’ll be tasked with shooting “the world’s most horrifying animals” as the tagline to the game says. However, horrifying they are not.The entirety of the dinosaur AI is best described as buggy and sluggish. You can outrun literally every species and maintain a relatively safe distance walking backwards as well. I cannot stress enough at how slow these creatures are, including the T-Rex and velociraptors.In addition to the sloth-like AI, there are massive clipping issues, which allows them to walk through solid objects, which oddly you cannot. In fact, even being near objects like walls or rocks impede your character’s movement, even when you’re not touching them. Inversely, you could climb up sheer cliffs by just spamming the jump button.Terrible AI aside, the weaponry isn’t any better off either. You’re given an array of melee weapons, various handguns, assault rifles and explosives. The guns themselves handle decently and I didn’t really notice anything terribly wrong with them. However, the explosives are another matter; there are no explosions for them. What I mean to say is, you shoot an RPG and there is no smoke trail, no animation, nothing. The dinosaur simply explodes. Any and all explosive weapons suffer from the same issues: grenades, for which you have a seemingly infinite amount of and bazookas both come without particle effects. The grenades simply flash, make a noise and then that’s it.The worst part about the firearms are when you’re not carrying one at all. If you play multiplayer and your partner is carrying a melee weapon, say, an axe, they still have the animation to everyone as if they are carrying an assault rifle. The icing on the cake is that if you swing your axe, everyone hears them fire a gun. It’s just bizarre.There’s copious amounts of other issues the game suffers from as well: random landmines that kill you that are laced in unexplained regions of certain levels [often by weapon drops], dinosaurs explode with some terribly rendered 1990s reminiscent blood and gore, empty level design, invisible walls, poor menu design and even worse voice acting. One of the strangest things of all is if you shoot boxes, they bleed. I don’t even know what to say to that except it doesn’t surprise me.Lastly, there’s the multiplayer, which, to no surprise, does not work properly. Stats are only tracked by the host, so you cannot earn anything while playing online. The host and each player seem to run independently from one another; the host could pause the game, but each player could still continue the game and vice versa. There’s some massive connectivity issues that we were unable to rectify while playing. This problem was prevalent in both multiplayer and local co-op.With just about every aspect of this game broken and poorly done, Dinosaur Hunt did not come remotely close to fulfilling my love for dinosaur-themed games.ProsI played it so you don’t have to.ConsAll of it.Overall, Dinosaur Hunt, with a lot of time, effort and talent could have been something at least mindless to play. When you look at some of the dinosaur games of this nature, you see mindless shooters that I’ve invested a lot of time into because they’re downright fun, regardless of their minor problems. However, this is not one of those games and despite the inexpensive price, isn’t even worth that."
,Not Recommended,401190,18082674,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,typical me in the palm trees,Nooooope.Low price does not justify low quality. Game could be justified with a few changes;- Multiple creatures per level.- Different coin values/speeds/stats for those creatures.- Dinosaurs that don't run at the approximate speed of the African Land Snail.- Guns substantially less powerful.- Removal of the bloody slow motion shooting thing (or limited to say 1 in 10 shots). This is not Max Payne ok. ;--;Ok. ;--;
76561198071956316,Not Recommended,401190,18071819,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,Watson,I am a geologist and I find this game offensive.
76561198167940370,Not Recommended,401190,29588102,Posted: 30 January,all,PhantonGualterio,Dinosaur Hunt+ Easy to get achievements- The game is an absolute disaster- Poor texture qualityDas schlechteste Spiel
76561198074867492,Not Recommended,401190,32030195,Posted: 28 May,all,Dragon Force,"TitleDinosaur HuntDeveloperRacing BrosPublisherANPA.USRelease17 September 2015Graphics3DGenreDinosaurs ShooterPrice€0,99Rating1/10The game.Dinosaur Huntis an action shooter where the only thing you will do is kill dinosaurs in a very limited environment/maps and then you'll unlock more than 1000 achievements. If you are an achievement hunter, go ahead, it's the only reason why should play this game. Otherwise, this game don't worth your time, at all.Gameplay.As the name of the game says, here you'll hunt some kind of dinos. The gameplay consists in choose a map and mode, and kill dinosaurs. If you want unlock all achievements, check the following section.The game offers some maps where you can play and is based on player progression. It has a currency system and you gain currency from killing dinosaurs and getting headshots. You use the currency to purchase new weapons or upgrade your existing ones, but in reality, you don't need to buy none weapon, either upgrade the only that you use, that will be enough to unlock all achievements.This game has some content like:11 maps.17 or 19 weapons. Yes, it's a bit doubtful.A few dinosaur species.4 game modes in addition to four bonus game modes (8 in total).Multiplayer (but is nonexistent, so forget).The game have a radar at the top right of the screen to locate and track dinosaurs. All the maps are badly designed. For e.g., there is a tower on ""Africa"" map and you can't climb up there. And there are more examples. This is just silly.The guns are made very nicely with a very good leveling design, and probably is the best aspect in the game. However, about the gunplay, I've realized that no bullet drop, no bullet penetration, no tracers and bullets don't leave marks if you fire at any prop in the environment. For sure, they need some additional work.About the AI in this game, either is broken, or is too bad. You'll mostly see the enemies get stuck on terrain and, a lot of times the AI doesn't even react to getting shot, and it happens especially from far away. Enemies also have weird (or maybe unpredictable) spawn locations, so finding the dinosaurs can be a little hard. Sometimes they spawn next to you, and you'll die instantly.Graphically, game looks too old. The texture and model quality seem to vary. Add to this, a lot of things look either awful or unfinished.Relatively of the inventory, seems that you can carry all the weapons in the game at the same time and all weapons have a limited munition. Without no doubt, it's a very limited inventory system.The sound is bad, too. Seems like a dinosaur yelling, but in reality, they don't make any kind of sounds. There is a strange sound when you spawn, I don't know what it is.Overall, everything in this game feels either broken or unfinished. Seems like a game in early-access, with a lot of bugs to be fixed, a game mechanics really strange and a gameplay where, in general, all is bad. I repeat, you should play this only if you want unlock a lot of achievements.The way to get fastest achievements.If you like unlock all achievements, select the ""Horde Mode - Fight of Dino Horde"" and then, choose the ""Jungle"" map.You'll spawn in a place where you just need to go to the top right of the wood structure. Jump to the wood bar and walk until the final of the bar. Then, you'll just need to wait the two triceratops (these are the only that can reach you in the wood bar, because are taller than others), kill them, and after that, kill the others dinos (allosaurus, raptors and spinosaurus). In just one wave you will kill more than 70 dinos. After, you just need to repeat the procedure. If you have any doubt about this, check the guide ""The fastest way to do more than 1005 Achievements"" (it's not mine), rated with 4 stars, that is the one that I checked.>>click here.Positive points. (+)1081 achievements unlocked in a few minutes.Good leveling design of weapons.Negative points. (-)Boring and repetitive. You don't do more than kill dinos.A lot of bugs and lack of optimization.The AI seems broken (or is simply bad).Limited environments.Bad graphics.Poorly balanced.The sound is too weird.Limited inventory system.Nonexistent multiplayer."
,Not Recommended,401190,31784493,Posted: 16 May,all,Gordon Zola ♪,"This game is from a really weird serie.As Machine Hunt, Survival Zombies and the ton of DLC from this one, this is the same story/gameplay on each opus ; You pop on a random map, with a random weapon, seeking to survive wave of Dinosaurs/Zombies or Killer robot...The thing is, this is total crap.The DA is bugged, texture are from an other era, nothing run smoothly.The game has no interest, no plot, no scenario, just random ennemies to kill.Btw, there are 1.000 achievement on each game, you can unlock them all (without even knowing how) in a 20 minutes gameplay.They price is super low, the only great thing about this weird piece of sh*t"
,Not Recommended,401190,25015917,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Syntax Error,"One night, about fifteen years ago, my girlfriend came home with a surprise: she had rented me Turok: Dinosaur Hunter for the N64.  She made a good call: a game about hunting dinosaurs would be sure to rock.  When I opened it, the cartridge inside was for Pokemon Snap -- a game where you walk a linear path and take photos of Pokemon and the professor grouses at you if they're not framed exactly center.  That was pretty disappointing but not as disappointing as it would have been if that cartridge had Dinosaur Hunt on it.  Everything about Dinosaur Hunt is terrible.  The AI is awful with enemies often standing in place or spinning in circles, the maps are boring, the graphics are bad (especially gun and corpse effects), the guns are boring to fire, the music loop is nearly as grating as the rare voice effects.  It stands as a mysterious testament to how you can make a game about shooting dinosaurs not even a little bit fun."
76561197995669628,Recommended,401190,19026897,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,Sorokonojka,"Please note that my recommendation of this game is based of $1 price . It is not a good game but for $1 I found enough amusement here to justify the purchase .Dinosaur Hunt:AC is a sandbox hunting game with very bad enemy AI . There is little to no fluidity in enemy animations so it feel like dinosaurs are floating toward you . In other words game is more like a shooting gallery where most of the fun comes from laughter . Killing dinosaurs feels very silly and even enjoyable in a way.It goes without saying that game has many issues across the board and if you expect any depth in gameplay do not buy it . It is literally shooting helpless objects running toward you in streight lines , get new gun and repeat . Enemies can't even  handle areas that have no direct pathing so you will be untouchable on any elevation that needs a jump .  Game presents no challange of any kind .If anything this game looks decent and weapons are fun to use . It has a lot of unlockable content and upgrades so at least there is some sort of progression by grinding new weapons .Maps look nice although many of them seem to be out of place.Also developer makes constant updates so game is improving . Much better since I bought it but the game is far from being polished .Don't get angry at me if this review convinced you to buy a bad game. I bought it for ****s and giggles and well it does that in my opinion . Don't take it too seriously and maybe you will have fun with it ."
,Not Recommended,401190,32452628,Posted: 15 June,all,Superior,Dinosaur Hunt is an action shooter game.+  Has multiple maps+  Has Dinosaurs-  Repetitive-  Bugs & lack of optimisation-  Bad AI-  Bad graphics.-  Poorly balanced-  Annoying music-  No explanation- Gameplay
,Not Recommended,401190,34781343,Posted: 6 September,all,Helevorn,"One of the worst games I ever played here.Bugged maps, awful music, all you have to do is randomly shoot at some badly-designed dinosaurs.When a game has achievements called ""all developers suck"", ""please just stop"" and ""I know, this is stupid"" well, believe them.This is really stupid.Oh, I was almost forgetting.Some ten randomly-popping up achievements (like all the achievements in this game, actually) are called ""This game is Probably the worst game on steam"".Gotcha!"
76561198060203956,Not Recommended,401190,30832220,Posted: 30 March,all,Metsakurat,"ABSOLUTE GARBAGEThis game is not just bad, not just an asset flip, the positive reviews about this game are also...suspicious.Alright let us dig right into it: The game looks bad, sounds bad, plays bad, it's badly optimised, has almost no content at all, no originality, uses stock assets that are RANDOMLY thrown in together to make this ""game"". What came out? Absolute trash that shouldn't be allowed to be sold on Steam. The ""developer"" developed nothing. I'm sure it's just one person and that person didn't develope a game. (S)He just threw some pre-made stock assets together and put it up for sale.I had to play this ugly looking crap on the lowest settings to get 35fps out of it. The character movement and gunplay are sluggish, clunky and unenjoyable. The weapon sounds? Ugghhhh just horrible!It claims it has a lot of different modes but that's just a lie: Campaign - big empty map with weapons laying around and random stock asset monsters running towards you. Same goes for survival mode, horde mode and every other mode that's in the game. It has NO CONTENT.This is pure garbage. 0/10. The worst game I've ever played but I'm sure I can dig deeper because the ""developer"" has more ""games"" published.I would also like to note that the developer and publisher are probably the same person and pretty much most of the positive reviews have this shiny golden text above them ""Product received for free""I'll refund this now.0/10 - Not worth your money and definitely not worth your time."
,Recommended,401190,32549852,Posted: 18 June,all,cTm ⚀ oNe,Great for Achivement!
76561198023555368,Not Recommended,401190,31771122,Posted: 15 May,all,comp9,"This game is not recommended, I regret buying it. Dinosaur Hunt feels like a test programming project that was thrown on Steam. Most dinosaur kills spam 5+ achievements, weapon pickups stay on the ground but magically appear in your hand, multiplayer is dead, and the achievement names joke about how this is a lame game.I recommend not buying, even if you're an achievement hunter. Buy something worthwhile instead and don't support these types of ""games""."
,Recommended,401190,30882600,Posted: 1 April,all,DACOTA44,only took about 25 minutes to get all 1081 achievments
,Not Recommended,401190,31458698,Posted: 30 April,all,Balaam's ass,"This review is very limited because the game is very limited: it's a dinosaur hunter FPS with all weapons just laying around your spawn, waiting to be used.  It will take about 20-30 minutes of solo game play to get every one of the 1081 achievements, and the game just isn't good enough to hold my attention past that time - and the tutorial is included in that assessment of time spent.The narration is campy over-the-top melodramatic, and the character's voice is the indication of new spawn - so you hear it an awful lot since every time something dies, the guy talks, too.  Fortunately you can skip the storyling narration between fights.Those things aside, the game functions well and is smooth; I experienced no crash or bug in the 20 minutes of actual play that I was ingame.You'll probably only ever get a dollar or so worth of amusement from this one, and the only ones I see really liking it are hard-hard-hardcore dinosaur people, children, and achievement collectors (because it's repetitive and very swiftly completed).I would not buy this product again, but it makes me sad to say that; I really wanted to like this game."
,Recommended,401190,21725898,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,mushy924,"6 out of 10The best 99 cents I ever spent. Dinosaur Hunt is 'good' fps Dino survival shooter. The graphics are ok but the gameplay is fantastic, great fps mechanics, great weapon selection ranging from AK-47, Sniper rifles to rocket launcher cross bow and even a katana, plenty of dinosaurs to kill and a great choice ranging from raptors to the mighty T-Rex.Dinosaur Hunt is getting great support from the developer with regular game updates adding a ton of new features and really good DLC which in my opinion is a tad to expensive.This is a good pickup for the price it's too bad that there are a lot of bad reviews, which I don’t understand why, you get a good game for the price. I am enjoying it a lot.I would like to see Giganotosaurus, Acrocanthosaurus, Carnotaurus, Baryonyx and the Suchomimus added to the game :)*UPDATE*I think the devs have changed, and the game has come quite a long way since I purchased it with better optimization more maps weapons, but the DLC I purchased that adds zombies the devs changed that to a Stegosaurs which I am really not happy with.One other thing that bugs me is the devs adding new achievements to the game, which I don’t mind, but they are way too easy to get. All in all I still think it’s a nice little buy, but I recommend getting it on sale."
76561198089052394,Not Recommended,401190,30294118,Posted: 3 March,all,JD Herrera,"Dinosaur Hunt			* 3/10I'll be honest. I've just bought this game for the badass soundtrack heard in the trailer. I hoped to find it in some folder. After all the game was sold for very few bucks, it's and FPS, there are dinosaurs, so I thought ""Why not?"". Because reasons...Dinosaur Hunt is a very simple FPS arena where you're in the middle of big open space arenas like jungles, deserts, small villages, destroyed town and so on. You fight a fistful of different Dinosaurs. End of the gameplay description, simple as that. You can play in coop with friends or online, of course but for some reason I wasn't able to find any server or player at all. I didn't inquire further because I wasn't really interested.Anyways that's not the first problem or bug in the game as the game seems nothing but a draft. In Single Player Campaign you see random cutscenes made of static pictures and a voice is blabbering about stuff. Obviously no subtitles are included. Seems legit to me. Every time you start the game in the arena you find right next to you boxes with weapons, some ammos and medikits. For no reason at all every time you spawn in the map there is an explosion right next to you and items might fly away. This doesn't help at all the fact that it's kind of odd and hard to aim the weapon or medikit you want to pick up to press use (yes, even medikits and ammo has to be taken, walking on them won't do anything at all), as the ""pickup icon"" appears kind of randomly and if weapons fly all over the place piling one over the other that's more than useless: that's dumb. But the game can be dumber than that. It's irrelevant that the game will bother you for achievements for EVERY SINGLE ACTION you do, but as you proceed with the game you gain points which will automatically reward youwith new weapons at the beginning of the arena. So this means more weapons will be tidily shown up, right? nope, they'll be randomly thrown all over there. And that's al*BOOOMMMM*. Yes, I forgot the explosion, they're all messed around...Enemies AI is plain, dinosaurs will just run towards you and you'll just take them down without too much effort. You could virtually go on forever until you end ammos, if the game wasn't so boring without even an enemy representing a real thread to you.The game is a draft, as I already sadi before. In game you press ESC to open the menu and maybe tweak a couple of options, but if you don't click on ""back/Resume"" with the cursor and directly hit ESC instead, you will end up with the game proceeding but with the menu still showing up.The game is a draft with ridiculous problems, such as the rocket launcher... Or should I call it ""Sniper Boomer""... Yeah, the rocket launcher simply has a shooting sound unedited and badly balanced that will make your speakers clip and bleed. But no rocket will show up. No explosion will happen. The rocket launcher works like a damn gun. Why, God, why?Like I said I bought this game for the music. Guess what? Disappeared. In place of that there was a boring plain atmospheric bunch of tunes... Luckily with a recent patch they brought the Metal music back, but, again Why? Why taking them out them bringing them back keeping both kind of musics and allowing the player to choose between the two genres? Unluckily for me I wasn't able to find any music track. They claim to have the soundtrack available for free download in their website. Too bad it's the atmospheric soundtrack...that's all... Actually not. Icing on the cake? The engine is Unity! OK, actually I have nothing to say about unity this round, but the details for maps, weapons, dinosaurs ( fistful, really) is not that great.+++PROs+++SOUNDTRACK.The metal one, of course...---CONs---DRAFT.This game is nothing but a draft. A plain gameplay, with buggy menus, plain AI, game mechanics broken and unbalanced. If you buy this game you will pay to get bored.ACHIEVEMENTS.Really? An achievement for every single weapon you pick up and every map you visit? There are a huge bunch of weapons... And most of them are the same... Just why?I played this game on this machine:Intel Core i7-497016Gb RAM DDR3GeForce GTX 660Windows 10 Professional x64"
,Not Recommended,401190,18094701,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,JBro™,"I shot some Dinos, satisfaction level 0.I shot some floating Dinos, satisfaction level 0.I tried to escape from the game, and couln't, satisfaction level -23Dev seems to want to develop the game, so that is his perogitive, but game completion/polish is about 5%"
76561198083455869,Not Recommended,401190,32369950,Posted: 12 June,all,Rovaa,"Game cost 2 gumballs, 1081 achievements in 18 minutes of Gameplay what even. Once you pass the tutorial it never stops.Why"
76561198069537369,Recommended,401190,26123354,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,[Scrub Squad] Default,"Let me make something clear.If you've grown accustomed to the Cookie cutter Monopoly that is Call of Duty, Battlefield, and even the most recent power titan;  OVerwatch.This isn't the game for you.There is an unrealistic amount of complexity in it's simplicity.  An aged feeling of a young lad racing home from school with only one goal in mind- To play  a great game.I'll explain a few things that replicates the sensation of the game.  As best I can, rather.GRAPHICS -Astounding.  I, being a man of class, would like my outfits to match my tools.  A black, lightly dusted cloth adorns both your character, his outfit, and his weapons-  leaving only his facial features to differ.  This is not a lax of developers.  This is an ingenius method to keep you focused on the game.  Enthralled.  Entertained.  Complex designs distract from what you came to do.  Play.GAMEPLAY -I was able to fool a dinosuar into believing himself to be my comrade.  After standing atop his mighty form- I charged boldly into battle.  The other dinosaurs, assuming him to be a comrade of their own, refused to nip at my ankles.  This is development at it's highest asset. Games like The Stomping Lands, Ark, etc simply can't compare in the level of complexity.  A.I pathing is simply ingenius.  I've seen multiple instances of enemies rushing past my partner to attack me instead.  Now, one would assume that this was a feat of bad coding.False.The A.I actually factored in my superior aim, and priotitized me as a far more viable target.  This made more sense to me.  Don't target the weakest. Target the strongest. Take out the elite.PVP -The game has a randomly occurring PVP mode that is absolutely breathtaking.  Often times, Enemies will stop spawning.  Without rhyme or reason.  In these episodes of peace and tranquility, you are damn near influenced into firing at one another to pass the time. What was already an overwhelmingly fun experience is now an outrageously in depth combat system waiting for exploitation.  Killing a friend doesn't seem to cause a mission failure. Or being killed for that matter. Or death in general.  This doesn't make the game *Easy*- it adds yet another complex layer to the game that deserves a spot in Valve's vault of greatest hits.Overall -Buy this game.  Letting this opportunity pass by is insanity. When I purchase something, I usually grade a game on the hour to minute ratio. For each dollar spent, a game needs to entertain me for an hour.  At 0.50$-  I spent a whole hour plus playing.  That's nearly 200% profit of fun.  Words cannot explain the feeling of blasting the same two different dinosaurs for an entire hour straight.  The only reason I stopped playing was because my house had caught aflame from the sheer heat this game gave off.!0/10Best game available.IGN-  9/10Gamespot 9/9GAme Informer 4.8/5This review is false."
76561198060897854,Not Recommended,401190,25828986,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Da G Man,"-Disclaimer, I love indie games, I love cheap silly games that dont have all that much to them, this game in particular needed an as s whoopin... now to the review-Oh boy, this game!I downloaded it wanting a cheap laugh from a game not worth 1$ and I was not disappointed in the slightest.  Hell I had so good of a laugh I was going to yes vote the recommendation until I saw assets, graphics, guns, enemies and even ambient creatures from other games. Which I will explain better in just a second first I gotta rip yet another as sh0le into yet another good for nothing indie developer for not knowing what a video game is before making one.In this game you are army man number 1 with a gun shooting at dinosaurs because (I didnt give enough of a crap to watch the awful, awful AWFUL cutscenes.) in a ""wave"" sort of format.  Except by wave I mean you kill a certain number of pathetically easy to kill dinosaurs sprinkeled randomly accross a needlessly large maps that have invisible walls needlessly sprinkeled in places you want to get to such as but not limited to: doorways of houses that you are actually able to enter if you mess around with the jump button a bit while you try to enter the door.All of this could have been forgiven in the name of the cheap price and decently satisfying dinosaur killing if the poop eating developers didnt steal their guns, dinosaurs, and stags from other games. (the deer or ""stags"" in the first map of the campaign look like, and act exactly 100% like the stags from 7 days to die, even the same EXACT dieing animation) The starting pistol is the m1911 from Black Ops 1 (that would be absurd criticizm if it wasnt for the fact that the hands are in the same exact position, and exact firing animation from the game)The only thing original about this game is the smell and reminence of♥♥♥♥♥♥it has left on the steam store, I will keep the game for comedic purposes and to make my game library look nice and big, but I recommend that if anyone reading this comment wants a good, cheap dinosaur shooter, go play orion's prelude."
,Not Recommended,401190,25073515,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,DamageInc.,"save your money !or have another for your crap games folder .but it has cards you say , worth about .18 to .24 cents total .your still losing money :pwant to hunt dino's check out Carnivores: Dinosaur Hunter Reborn"
,Not Recommended,401190,18079428,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,Felicity♡,"Dinosaurs have incosistent health values. On certain levels, dinosaurs spawn with 0 hp, and one shot will kill them. Asia is the primary level this happens in. The 'sniper' and the 'pistol' have the same damage value until you get the sniper upgrade, and the pistol fires faster, so there's no reason to not use it. Terrain doesn't matter; there's no hitboxes for the terrain so you can shoot right through everything. Yes, you guessed it: this is a de_cache simulator.Dinosaur hitboxes are cubes.Every 'mission' gives 50 coins regardless of how difficult (read: tedious) it was. Most of the weapons cost thousands if not tens of thousands of coins, and the amount of grind required is unfun. I tried to sneak into the files to adjust my coin values, but I couldn't find a save file and I don't know how to mess around with unity.Ammo is pointless since it's free, but is probably just there because the dev didn't know how to remove it from a preset asset.There's no music. Stock sound effects.Firearm animations are fine, which means they're probably stolen. However, it has the typical problems firearm animations do when designers make assets without actually knowing how to shoot a firearm. Primarily, misunderstandings with how the charge handle works. But whatever, it's not important in the scheme of things.Levels range from too large to too small.Zombie level is dumb.Mouse cursor stays on screen, so playing windowed is impossible, and I had to be careful with my second monitor.The kill cam animations work from a certain distance. Once you're up close, (I think from about 30-40 meters, but I didn't check) they stop happening, so sniping is impossible and takes far too long.I didn't try any of the other firearms because they're too expensive.Interesting quote by the developer on the forums: ""2. Regarding if it is a crap or NOT - that's the best I can do at moment. So as I really really lack negotiations skills, I'll put this as soft and calm as I can: Do NOT like it, Do NOT BUY IT.""Not how it works, buddy.In summary, I could give someone fifty cents to let me suck their♥♥♥♥♥♥and I would have more fun in ten minutes than I did with this game in half an hour."
,Recommended,401190,23386380,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,FearReaper9,"See, this game definitely isn't a good game. By any standards. If you only play games that you think are good, this isn't the game for you.That said, it you like games that are so bad that they're good, buy this game. Immediately. If you like things that are so bad they're good, and you skip this game, shame on you. This is the type of game you play with your friends and just laugh. The game's graphics are hilariously bad, the gameplay feels like it was taken right out of a Unity sample game. It has terrible ragdoll physics. The guns all basically play the same. The way the katana kills is hilarious. It's all perfect.So, like I said: if you don't like games that aren't good, don't play this. But, if you are someone (like me) who loves things that are so bad they're good, and you skip this, you should be ashamed of yourself. I got the game for about 45 or 46 cents on sale, and it's definitely worth at least that."
,Not Recommended,401190,28701895,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,☠️ armpit ☠,"I find it hard to recomend this game to anyone, unless it is under a dollar with all DLC like I payed. It is a bland and uninspiring shooter that offers no challenge and little entertainment beyond 5-10 minutes.The gameplay is the same rinse and repeat formula over and over, you are dropped into a biome with a bunch of dinosaurs wandering around. You kill all of them (quite easily) and then a boss dinosaur shows up, and truth be told he is as easy to kill as the others. Just before the boss shows up your character will vent his outrage with an inane quote or a roar of anguish (or is it constipation?).The visuals look good in some parts and are weak in others. Some textures and models look alright, while some are just bad. The cutscene pictures are pretty good even if they don't actually reflect anything going on in the game. A lot of the effects are pretty rubbish, fires look terrible, explosions are like a small firecracker going off. The night vision mode is just ridiculous, a green tinge to the screen and still not being able to see jack♥♥♥♥♥♥is not night vision. The heat vision is just as bad. I thought that the cell shading mode was nice.Sound is mediocre with your usual crappy background music, dinosaur growls and standard gun sounds. The vocalizations of the protagonist after finishing a wave are bizare, although the voice acting in the cut scenes is decent.The movement of the dinosaurs is pretty bad and their attack pattern is always the same, run straight at you without a care in the world. They also ignore being shot at sometimes. It is pretty funny standing back watching a mob of raptors trying to run down a wee bunny, and even funnier to shoot said bunny out from under them. A bit of variety in the behaviour (besides movement speed) would be nice.There is a good selection of weapons (especially with the DLC) and they all feel different in operation, but some of them are simply OP for what they are. The grenades and rocket lauchers are pathetic, their projectiles act like a bullet and have no blast radius at all. You can actually do without guns and survive quite easily with the melee weapons.Other annoyances include no clipping on some objects that should be solid, invisible walls in lots of places and the precision required to pick up weapons.I don't know if the developers had a grand plan for this game and failed to realize this plan or if they had no plan at all and just made it up as they went along. It's not a bad game, but its not a good game either. The gameplay and the story are completely disconnected, its almost as if the story was added at the last minute. Having been told by the narrator what is transpiring and then finding that your objective does not reflect these happenings completely ruins things. The story should have been left out all together, but I imagine that the developer didn't want their game to be labeled as 'just another dumb shooter with no story'.If you want to hunt dinosaurs then I recommend looking elsewhere. I did want to enjoy this game, the opening cut scene got me interested, but unfortunately the first level killed the interest and I did not even bother paying attention to any more cut scenes after that. I was really hoping for a nice experience of 'hunting' dinosaurs, but in reality what I got was a 'shooting fish in a barrel' simulator which I only played to get all achievements.2/5 stars."
,Not Recommended,401190,30792381,Posted: 28 March,all,petskuletsku,Bought this game over a year ago and now its one of those games which ppl only buy for achievements.Sad to see how greedy developers are to add 1000 achievements just so ppl buy a game which has pretty much no gameplay at all.
76561198005271335,Not Recommended,401190,29756863,Posted: 6 February,all,Pale Dolphin,"This game is only bought for achievement abuse and card mining. Strictly speaking, that's not even a game -- it's buggy as hell, and not even fun to play.I would not recommend this game to anyone."
,Recommended,401190,23623267,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Larexus,"This is a game where you get what you pay for. It costs $1, the Dinosaur animations are janky and look like plastic toy models when destroyed. The levels are small and unexciting, although their is a lot of them. Their is a wide amount of game modes that all pretty much play the same. However this is a game that is obviously made by a first time developer and has had a lot of love poured into it. They have revamped the game a couple times now and always continues to update and add more content, even if its just as cheesy as the first stuff. But you can tell they work on this game because they like too and don't really care about the opinions they are getting, and I respect that. Like I said the game is only $1 so its hard for me to not recommend this.Game Showcase-https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qyUXIhL_rMU"
,Recommended,401190,31533926,Posted: 3 May,all,Murkie csgoroll.com,Dev became self-aware of the quality of his games
,Recommended,401190,31368874,Posted: 25 April,all,Kovic,"Played the three games currently available from this dev.  All are asset factories with loads of achievements and thats about it.I'd say the Zombie game is the best, this Dinosaur game is 2nd, and that Machine thing is at the bottom.Not much to say here, because you know what  you're getting with these games.  It runs well enough, you'll get a bunch of achievements in 20 minutes, and you'll never play it again."
,Not Recommended,401190,26118081,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Mari,"Dear developer,You can overcome this failure ♥ Get over it. Stop adding new achievements. Help us to help you!"
,Recommended,401190,35352558,Posted: 30 September,all,Hybrid,"Very cheap and easy game. Nothing too special but you do get to hunt giant dinosaurs.Overall, it's really fun for the .99cent, pick it up on sale and get a few copies with friends if you can."
,Recommended,401190,31048946,Posted: 9 April,all,TheSpyCrap,The achievements showing up every 5 seconds made me feel like I accomplished something in my life.
,Not Recommended,401190,29450315,Posted: 23 January,all,Deycallme Koles,"The gameplay isn't to bad and is fun for maybe half an hour! Achievements are very easy and quick to get, which is kind of a good thing. However, the campaign dialogue was like one of them audio books you listen to in nursery, boring and simple! The worst part is the story has nothing to do with the gameplay besides dinosaurs. In the dialogue they talk about a Triceratops with 3 turrets on them and a T-rex with a gatling gun, but they are not in the gameplay!"
,Recommended,401190,31817943,Posted: 18 May,all,RoH,"I paid 0,99 Cent for this game. It is good for what it is. You can choose weapons and shoot on waves of dinosaurs. Beside that you are able to design(pic, description & name) your own personal achievement.This game does not take itself seriously and that's good because games sometimes are just games without a deeper meaning or epic story.Worth the price. Thanks for the opportunity to unlock my self-made achievement :)"
,Not Recommended,401190,29914243,Posted: 13 February,all,Aythadis,"It's not worth it Achievement Hunters!So after a long day at work, I come home to play some games... I thought that I would continue working on Dying Light on the PS4 as I've been kind of hooked on it for the last few days, and it's a good game...But instead I play this f*cking thing. I never said I was a smart one... I bought the $5 bundle that includes all the Devs games. I figured I'd start with his first one, Dinosaur Hunt Africa Contract (that's what this game was originally called, and what the games folder/files are called.) I sort of guess on what I was getting myself into, but really could not believe on just how NOT FUN this game is. Thank f*cking god it only took me two and a half hours to 100% the 1081 achievements... but holy sh*t are they ugly and messy as hell.Everything about this game feels like an asset flip, hell even the achievement images feel like an asset flip. All the DLC, and I mean ALL of the DLC is 100% useless and pointless. They add nothing new or worth using. Nothing. Zero. Zip!This isn't really worth it achievement hunters... It's just not worth it.Also Devs like this that just add 1000+ achievements just for the sake of it need to be banned off of Steam.EDIT: I'm an achievement now in this game. 10/10"
,Recommended,401190,21453341,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,bowbowboom,I bought this game not sure wat to expect. Now I love this game.
,Recommended,401190,29084928,Posted: 7 January,all,Basker-Ville,"Good Game For Only 0,49 euro. You Can play multiplayer and Co-op with your friends. one bad thing is the horrible sounds but thats ok cuz the game only costs 0,49 euro."
,Recommended,401190,25515058,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,maxnum1,"Yes its a wave shooteryes its mindlessyes there better gamesyes its cheapand holy hell its funi like these kind of indie games, they are plain mindless fun and dont require much concentration. and yes there are better games of dinosuar waves But that doenst mean that this one is super bad. You need to like flawed games if you want to like this one, but if you can see throught the mediocre engine and bad voice acting (what i love about these games) i would surely reccomend it. This is a total hate it or love it game and i just love it."
76561197982920009,Not Recommended,401190,31041259,Posted: 9 April,all,Scout,"Achievement hunters wet dream, about 10 minutes for 1000 achievements. Apart from that the game is absolute turd."
76561198161327158,Recommended,401190,22857579,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,danny dorito,Dinosaur hunter is an reasonablly game and has a lot of potential but is lacking more levels and wepons.P.S there are more wepons for sale at 1.59 so you might want to consider the costOverall worth buying but don't get too exited.:~)
,Not Recommended,401190,30624561,Posted: 19 March,all,Easelm,"Dinosaur Hunt is a first person shooter with a variety of weapons to unlock for the fight against Dinosaurs. There's levels, campaign, survival and other game modes. However, it looks like they took the FPSKit from Unity and made a game out of it. It has been done on Steam before. Dinosaur Hunt has no level creativity or any creativity or great mechanics to set the game apart from other similar titles. It's a non-unique basic game made by amateurs who wanted to make a quick buck.The only thing this game has going for it is its super easy to achieve, achievements. Achieving all achievements take around 3 hours. As soon as I got all of them I uninstalled asap. I'm never going to buy a game from this publisher & developer again.Graphicsare from early 2000's, audio is terrible (I eventually had to mute the game entirely) and the amount of bugs is ridiculous - You'd think after 680+ updates they would make the game better, but I feel like they aren't serious about it. How can I tell? Well, one of their achievements says ""How did this pass the greenlight?"". Obviously making fun of how easy it apparently is to get a crappy game on the Steam store through Greenlight (glad Greenlight is going soon).Campaigndoesn't make sense. The images before you click ""Next"" look like they are from Google images, barely touched up. Dialog and story was thrown together to probably release their game as quickly as possible since it doesn't make sense either. Campaign is basically survival with 1 wave and 1 mini-boss. You can also cheese just about all the maps by standing on objects where dinosaurs cannot get to you, win the campaign and move on to cheese the next.Mapsare thrown together with no real creativity or a real level designer. Nothing but amateurs made the maps.Gunsspawn on the ground every map you play. You can barely see the guns, sometimes with your flashlight on. Why not put them on a table with a light or let the player just have access to them all via weapon slots?Collisionis absolutely terrible. Dinosaurs can practically hit you from afar and jumping on objects will sometimes make you stick to that object.AIis terrible. Pathfinding doesn't exist and dinosaurs can easily get stuck on objects and they can walk through objects. Another thing that was thrown together at the last second.To top off this rant, your player character cannot reload while sprinting and reload input is always delayed. The only weapons you'll ever need is LMG + RPG and you won't lose. Lastly, shooting a gun, the ammo value does not go down in realtime. Why did they put it on a timer? Makes no sense.OverallIf you're an achievement hunter I'd barely recommend. Otherwise, stay away. Dinosaur Hunt is not worth even $0.01.Rating:1/10."
,Not Recommended,401190,32277373,Posted: 8 June,all,Krazedlion,"Dinosaur Hunt is an achievement hunters dream game. Over 1000 easy achievements for doing virtually nothing. The entire point of this game seems to be to drop ridiculous amounts of achievements very quickly. It's not fun, it's pretty pointless. The dinosaurs are extremely easy to kill, you basically have infinite ammo and multiple weapons available for you. Even the boss fights are pathetically easy. There really should be a limit to the amount of pointless achievements that can be added to a game."
76561198054953841,Not Recommended,401190,29805781,Posted: 9 February,all,Vance Finiraldi,"I don't usually make public reviews, but I'm putting in my ""Not Recommended"" vote to discourage the practice of inflating games with an insane amount of trivial achievements. Really? An achievement for every kill and headshot? That's almost Zup 3's level of ridiculousness. To Dinosaur Hunt's credit, at least it doesn't reward 5 achievements for the same task like that game does.Seriously, if you're going to add a lot of achievements to your games, at least make the meaningful. Actual milestones. Not for every incrimental task while you play through the game.As for the game itself, barring how one may feel about achievement hunting and the competitive aspect of it on sites off-Steam? Not really worth it despite the low price. It's only mildly fun for about an hour or so before quickly going stale."
,Not Recommended,401190,32059392,Posted: 30 May,all,hellcase.com (Panda),"Terrible game. atchievements are spamed so I got over 300 atchivements for completing the tutorial. Would not recoment and yes, I did get a refund"
,Recommended,401190,20739242,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Ithaqua,"2¢ ReviewGame Name:Dinosaur Hunt: Africa ContractOriginal Release:17 Sept 2015My Overall Grade (#/10):4Demo:NoWorkshop:NoController Support:NoMultiplayer:NoVR Support:NoSteam Cards  / Achieves:Yes / Yes (5)VAC:NoGenre:FPS	- Walking SimManual:NoMetacritic Score:N/AFull Audio Multi Language:EnglishWin 10 / Crapple / Linux:Yes / Yes / YesRecommended To:Single player FPS fansOther:Several inexpensive DLCs5¢ ReviewPro:Low system specsCheapCon:Game sucksGraphics are not goodControls are a bit offNo ManualOptions don't really do much and it's not clear what it actually doesPush:Some DLCs aren't badOverall:5/10+1 price -1 controls -1 options do squat = 4/10OK this is a♥♥♥♥♥♥♥game. But it is a fun♥♥♥♥♥♥♥game with several tolerable DLCs for a nominal price.  Wait till it's at least 50% off and if you want some casual FPS fun, try it out.  OK if your a CS wackadoodle, your going to hate this game.  If your just looking to put a bullet into a T-Rex, give it a try."
,Not Recommended,401190,32589002,Posted: 20 June,all,Szymas | Fan Isca,"I like all the products made by Racing Bros, due to similarity to the Serious Sam series, but... it's hard to call them ""games"". They're more like tech demos with plenty achievements, what makes them popular, but not good at all. The devs made some cool graphics and wrote funny plots for their products, buy did not care enough, to develop something, you can play longer than 1h. [Refunded]"
76561197975292101,Not Recommended,401190,33087353,Posted: 1 July,all,Eatmybogbrush,As a game NO!For achievements maybe for pence!Not that bad but not good either.
,Not Recommended,401190,34506735,Posted: 26 August,all,Malanta,"Less Dino Crisis, more Indentity crisis..I recently got a gaming laptop for the first time and this is one of the first games I properly played and I am not sure what I just played - I saw that alot of games have achievements similar to PS4 trophies etc, but this one seemed to have 1081 achievements - all of which were unlocked randomly within 30 minutes and i have no idea how or why.I dont think this game knows what it is trying to be...or what its trying to do, hell I have no idea - It would be slightly unfair to say it is the worst game I have ever played...but it is certainly one of the worst games I have ever played....This is my first review of a game on steam and what a corker to start with.Would I recommend this game...noWould I buy it again...noI literally have no idea what was going on, I finished the ""campaign"" within an hour and....I just dont know what to say...geniunely I dont...so I will leave the review there, I think sometimes silence says more than words..."
76561198277180368,Not Recommended,401190,24858825,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Tan_Man_530,dont play this game it is very buggy and there is no way to turn down the sensitivity
,Not Recommended,401190,31468779,Posted: 30 April,all,SubsonicDust,"This ""game"" is pure, unadultered dross, and a prime example of the consequences of a lack of quality control on Steam."
,Not Recommended,401190,18074832,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,Bbxez,Games too short
,Recommended,401190,23062499,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,murps,- The gun variety is nice.- The pistol is about as useful as hitting them with a pillow.- Negev and Tommy gun are OP and kill anything in one well aimed shot. Even from miles away.- The boss Dinosaurs are as weak as the Raptors.- The music is cancer.- There is no level variety. Rinse/Repeat everytime.- The controls are rough but the gun sound effects are actually really good.It costs me under a dollar. Its a mixed bag. Needs Co-op badly because boredom really sets in with single player. Overall OK. I recommend.
,Not Recommended,401190,30654072,Posted: 21 March,all,"Axel ""Not the Real"" Foley","Where do I begin? Anpa.us is a likeable developer. He constantly asks questions to his fanbase, and tries to appease them whenever he can. He is a great face for an indie developer, but his actual development skills are sadly questionable.Dinosaur Hunt is a rehash of Dinosaur Forest, using the same systems he built on Survival Zombies. The game revolves around killing a wave of monsters, followed by a boss. I believe this game is a bit more difficult than Dinosaur Forest, which is probably the only positive it has going for it. The gun physics on many weapons, including the sniper rifles and the street sweeper shotgun (or machine gun, as he developed it) are laughable. Your character will probably glitch out a few times in just the first level, and the entire map glitched out for me. A restart fixed it, but it's irritating nonetheless.Anpa.us's games are noteworthy for their attempts to put in a (lackluster) story into their games. This is accompanied by voice acting, which honestly is not bad at all for an indie title. This game uses plenty of voice assets and has sound effects that aren't too bad. I applaud Dinosaur Hunt in that regard, but the voice acting alone couldn't save where this game went wrong.I'm frustrated that the creator of this game isn't polishing games before releasing, and instead releasing them unfinished, and patching in small fixes or hordes of achievements nobody asked for. This kind of game appeases a certain demographic of people, and that's just fine if you want to play this for achievements, but it does create a scary path for the future of indie gaming if this becomes the norm and is popularized, which it was with the several prior games from Anpa.us.Overall, the achievements are simple, but the gameplay is poor, and at times infuriating. Voice acting is nice, and although some gun designs and physics are absolutely wrong, others work the way they should. Dinosaur Hunt is not a horrible or unplayable game, it's just a mediocre indie game that needed more time to polish."
76561198064106555,Not Recommended,401190,30802302,Posted: 28 March,all,mrorange,Recommended if you get paid to play it.
,Recommended,401190,34065802,Posted: 6 August,all,最大 陰茎,bad game
,Not Recommended,401190,18071758,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,Jeruhmi,"This is one weird♥♥♥♥♥game, man. Never would I have estimated a dinosaur to approach me with such ferocity, in such a slow manner. Now it is no doubt that the dinosaurs were infact sufferring from chronic hip issues, how else could they have resulted in such slow movement?All-in-all this game allows you to track, kill, and hunt the mighty dinosaur, or potato in this case."
76561198075680859,Not Recommended,401190,26079673,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Xerties,"More Bugs Then an Entomologist's office.This game is almost unplayable.First off everything but the pistol would not even show up when switching to them just a blank screen no weapon.So trying to kill everything with just a pistol...Hey lets try to throw a grenade ""lands under dinosaur"" Does nothing -.- 2nd throw about 5-6 feet behind him it explodes.Oh look at this using grenades made even the pistol not appear so now i only have grenades..The Dinosaur AI is so terrible it's like it doesnt even know the map at all.Player Contantly get stuck on map. the random invisble walls are pesky.1/3 dinosaurs had a death motion the others just kinda stuck in place.Please do not waste your money on this game."
,Recommended,401190,30317809,Posted: 4 March,all,Ivan,Game of the year 10/10 IGN Best game
,Recommended,401190,23130806,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,b'ear,Round 1/8You fight 5 raptors.You are not a high enough level to use the 25 weapons on a table.You have your trusty m1911.You have 90 bullets total.Each raptor takes 28 bullets to kill.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-w-58hQ9dLk
,Recommended,401190,34198800,Posted: 12 August,all,Saven,What ARK should of been.
,Recommended,401190,18722034,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Charley Tank,"I actually had to re-do this review because I felt my other review didn't give it the props it really needs. this game is fully upgraded New achievements and DLC new menu it's great.I originally bought this game for the easy achievements and soon started liking it more and more not because it was an easy game to beat but because the Dev actually listened to what I had to say about the game play and the glitches. when I wrote this review in September 2015 it was all about Achievements now it's a solid game with very accurate weapons and very Dangerous Ai. So there is a lof ot DLC you can purchase and I bought it all it enhances the game gives me more weapons.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=632152264This overpowered Hand cannon is so much fun to play with you can kill just about anything with it.Me I am a Sniper at heart I love sniping the longer the head shot the better I feel.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=641386037I did a Short video of the game play now with the updated menu and control system. you can have every enemy explode or turn it off and see them drop dead, it has a lot of Graphic settings for the overkill gaming rig to the modern laptop. it runs smooth on many different computers as I have tested it on 4 that I own myself, this video was recorded on my newest Gaming Rig.My PC specsIntel Core i7-6700K 8M Skylake Quad-Core 4.0 GHz LGA 1151ASRock Z170 Pro4 LGA 1151 Intel Z170G.SKILL Ripjaws V Series 64GB (4 x 16GB) 288-Pin DDR4 SDRAM DDR4 3000EVGA GTX 970 4GB SuperclockedMicrosoft Windows 10 Pro 64-bit"
,Recommended,401190,24320706,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,ricky3styx,Great game to gift to friends until they unadd you 10/10.
76561198035285721,Recommended,401190,19281410,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,bigh  🌊 🌋 🌴,"""The WWF and Peta would curse this game""Actually it's some vaporware which makes suprisingly fun. I guess some Unity assets were used to produce this game. But the skybox and 3d models look OK for that price. Allegedly enemies explode into pieces after you shot them down. They spawn everywhere even on palmtrees (funny to see a croc there). Forget about the menus and options. They are totally crap.I've played two modes:1.Survival = endless waves of lions, crocs, rhinos, and hippos.2.Campain = takeout certain dinos in different enviroments.Paired with the Alternative Rock / Metal soundtrack you get a feeling: that can become your new hobby for the next hour ..."
,Not Recommended,401190,18813987,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,NihlusGreen,- Mercifully short “gameplay”- Achievement Manure Farming- Copy Paste Asset Flips- Idle for trading cards- Then uninstallSee Killing Floor 2 or L4D2 for a real Horde mode game
76561198043157527,Not Recommended,401190,21419643,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,sdragoon27,I have never play a game that sucked so bad like this one everything was wrongguns didnt work like they should dino getting cut in half when shot in the head  wall that u can not seethank god i only send $0.49 on the gameto all gamers this game sucks so much you can find better then this ever if it is cheap
76561198120632907,Not Recommended,401190,35037673,Posted: 17 September,all,Bob & Weave,"Dinosaur HuntPros:+ Different Types Of Weapons+ Different Types Of Dinosaurs+ Cheap+ Lots Of Achievements & Easy Perfect GameCons:- Boring- Repetitive- ShortReviewDinosaur Hunt is a first person shooter game where you kill waves of dinosaurs. All you do is run backwards while shooting at the dinosaurs until they die. If you shoot them in the head it will speed up the process to get achievements. The only thing good about this game is that there is a decent amount of weapons. I would never suggest this to anyone who actually wants to play a real game, but I would recommend this to achievement hunters. It has alot of achievements and can be finished in under an hour. Recommend on sale to achievement hunters only!This was Curated for PC Beta Gaming if you would like to follow us the link is below:http://steamcommunity.com/groups/PC-BetaG#curationOnce we have a 100 followers on our group there will be a game giveaway, but only the followers have a chance to win.If you liked this review please give it a thumbs up. This review is just my opinion, and if you disliked it or thought I could have done something better please leave a comment. Thank you for reading my review. If you would like to see more of my reviews the link is below:http://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198120632907/recommended/?p=1"
,Recommended,401190,31556000,Posted: 5 May,all,BluFalcon,bought this on sale for 1$ for 3 games. was spammed with hundreds of steam achievments withing the first 5 mins. I felt great about myself getting all those achievments so fast. but like a sugar rush it crashes and burnes just as fast. 1081 out of 10 would achieve again
76561198044421916,Not Recommended,401190,32889851,Posted: 27 June,all,RetroGamePunk,Terrible.Witty remark.Terrrible.
76561198111941181,Recommended,401190,23080572,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,BreadLord,"A very cheap and simple game. Worth a few hours for the 1$ that it is, the game is on sale relatively often."
76561198042296132,Not Recommended,401190,32561687,Posted: 19 June,all,fixer2088,"Pretty much just an achivement mining game.other than that its a bit of fun, but nothing more than a mindless shooter.5/10"
76561198165417777,Not Recommended,401190,27248299,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,i have crippling autism,I know the game is 79p but dont buy it. On the steam sale i bought it for £1.50 (all dlc) and tried to refund it. IT REFUNDED FOR 7 PENCE
,Not Recommended,401190,24397565,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,WeedDuck,"Got it for 50p and it is ok, not great because of poor INGAME PURCHACESThe graphics although good are a bit glitchy, the models are poorIts fun for a small bit then it becomes fully boring the fact that servers are empty dont helpANYONE LOOKING FOR ARK CLONE JUST GO PLAY SURVIVAL EVOLVED"
,Not Recommended,401190,26734607,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Bee - The Scrabby Gabbit,"This is the most sporadic game I've ever played. Opening each level gives you a new achievement that correlates in no way to any progress, way too easy, buggy all over the place, eh no"
,Not Recommended,401190,34125690,Posted: 9 August,all,sushicastle,Just don't buy this game.
,Not Recommended,401190,34326977,Posted: 18 August,all,[Bacon],It's so bad it makes me angry
76561198216850044,Not Recommended,401190,34678911,Posted: 2 September,all,mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm,Bad.
76561198118667774,Not Recommended,401190,19686706,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,MotherOrganoid,"Edited now that the game no longer tries to actively nuke my processor from orbit.Honestly it was fun for a while but then the recent couple patches spanning the last several months sucked a lot of the fun out of it. Granted, there was hardly any gameplay to begin with but there was something primaly fun about shooting poorly animated dinosaurs or bludgeoning them to death with marketplace prop weapons. Now its almost a chore to play instead of being fun. Cheap, and it shows, with little to no unique qualities to make it stand out."
,Recommended,401190,21019827,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Arie,"This game is not a triple-A title. It is not an indie game or some sort of other artsy thing. This is a game made by one developer and although it doesnt have the best graphics, and maybe has some bugs, its pretty good considering that he had absolutely no help making it.I wouldent recommend buying this game if you are expecting it to be of extremely high quality, but if you are interested in seeing what one person can make over 800 hours of development (im serious check his steam profile thats how many hours he has) then i think that it is well worth the asking price of one dollar. Yesterday i bought a soda for 1.50, and i think this game gave me more enjoyment than the soda did."
,Recommended,401190,18781602,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,pingu',- Got all the achievements in less than an hour- Trading cards will give back my moneyThis is enough for me to recommend this game.
,Not Recommended,401190,33777984,Posted: 24 July,all,Amélie Lacroix,"Got all 1081 Achievements in less than 4 hours.... ITS CALLED AN ACHIMENT FOR A ♥♥♥♥ING REASON YOU SHOULD FEEL ""ACHIVED"" WHEN UNLOCKING IT. Don't forget its boring, a bad shooter and makes no ♥♥♥♥ing sence.DONOGETTHISGAME"
,Recommended,401190,28916286,Posted: 1 January,all,Isador,I bought this only because it reminds me one old dinosaur hunting game I used to play as a little noob.This game have so much of old school moves.Hover above ground instead of running.Jump-climbing (my favourite).Options to turn off trees and details.Super sonic speed.Its just game for blowing steam. Just to relax. Its still very bad game.I give it thumbs up just because this remind me old game.
,Not Recommended,401190,18087149,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,shintsu,"+ cheap- bad visual quality, terrible ai, terrible gameplaythe dino's start walking towards you at a crawling speed when you stand beside them.nothing to see here dont buy is the adviceVisual quality:poor quality looks like it was made in begin 2000'sstones on the ground will pop out of nowhere when you are amlost stand on themSound and music:This game has no musicaesthetic:dull nothing specialfun:no fun at all, no challange killing the enemies. all levels feel the samePerformance:game runs 500-700 fps then again this game looks terribleoption menu:Terrible menu interface no option menu in game, key bindings are to be read out when you start the configuratoroutside the game"
76561198069294036,Not Recommended,401190,21260831,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Goobster,Someone tell Jim Sterling.
,Recommended,401190,31600182,Posted: 7 May,all,DoomTainted,"Its a great game not only that you get 1000+ achievements but that its great fun(wtf is tht english m8)Buy it when the special edition is on sale, its worth the cash"
76561198341213558,Recommended,401190,31551505,Posted: 4 May,all,colin_303,"Fantastic game, for $1 what do you have to lose? buy it."
,Recommended,401190,24173235,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,pollavaddy,"The game is okay in its current state, but I would like to reccomend to the developer that he go back to the original name and additionally to have it regress to the earliest stage of development (when it first came out on pc), but even this I believe the game could be improved by adding full controller support to both the mobile and pc versions and also 4 player splitscreen, skins, vr support, hats, many community and official multiplayer servers, ranked competitave, full modular support, and most importantly OUTER SPACE LEVELS'''''' (plural) and I mean multiple.  AND 0G MECHANICS, in addition I would like to see more diversity in the dinos specifically an Amargasaurus  (with feathers) and i would like you to friend me on steam.  I would also enjoy  some deeper lore into the game's roots, with an expansion on the story.  Besides if you could add flying mechanics and vehicles but they are not neccessary the above is really that neccessary."
,Not Recommended,401190,21307917,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,RubyThaCherry cs.money,bad t3rribl3 game :<
,Recommended,401190,19173578,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,Zolderkruiper,"I enjoyed playing this game.Positive aspects about the game.- Dinosaurs- Great Idea for a game.- All sorts of weapons.- Nice levels (some are also realy bad)- Low Price (0,59€).- Easy Achievements.And some flaws (very mutch to be honest)- Big♥♥♥♥♥map and no Dino to be found and hours of walking cause you can only run for a split second.- Spawn under the map.- Dinosaurs got stuck in each other.- Dinosaurs didn't learn how to walk on stairs.- You can't shoot dino's from a sertand range.- When you killed the main objective you can't kill the other dino's.- Flooting windows and other props.- Buildings, trees and other props with no colider.- Irritating low graphic video's.- Some Dinosaurs got the wrong name or size.7/10"
78912546420319423,Not Recommended,401190,21543540,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,TheBArber,that graphic ♥♥♥♥in lag. i use gtx970m and with minimum setting.still lag♥♥♥♥in♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,401190,35219866,Posted: 26 September,all,JammalCammal,much hunt many dino
76561198077651557,Recommended,401190,19305818,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,thespartan1994,worth the pricemaybe add steam workshop and its can be popular and fun
,Recommended,401190,32322924,Posted: 10 June,all,DinoGeek65,10/10 would read achievement descriptions again!
,Not Recommended,401190,18087231,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,Gr3ylok [H] Inventory [W] BTC,"Not sure what's worse, this or The Slaughtering Grounds, at least these dev's know it's♥♥♥♥♥♥and pretty much tell you beforehand."
76561198286354929,Not Recommended,401190,29849590,Posted: 11 February,all,Trixxx,the developers should be banned from steam they made 5 games with the same broken engine.
,Not Recommended,401190,29834999,Posted: 10 February,all,Lonesome,"If you like to play stupid games, buy this!"
,Recommended,401190,31307598,Posted: 22 April,all,LoverFromUFA,LoverFromUFA одобряет.
,Recommended,401190,21329273,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,☯ Halcyon ☯,"The most immersive, beautiful and brilliant game to ever grace the steam market."
,Not Recommended,401190,18097189,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,ItzPowers,If there was an option to put both yes and no i would becuase this game needs lots of work.Don't buy if you hate:1. LAGGG2. CONTROLS THAT ARE HORRIBLE!3. BEING KICKED TO THE MENU EVERYTIME YOU KILL A DINOSAUR/ZOMBIE!Buy If you like:1. The Concept of the game2. Cheap games that are rubbish3. A bit of fun3/10 - The Concept is there but it needs work!
,Recommended,401190,22966308,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Moms Guretti,"I think the game is fun, for the dragon expansion pack there literally needs to at least have four dragons instead of one, In the future I'm going to get the rest of the expansions, besides I bought this game for fourty-nine cents and it's about dinosaurs and extra cool stuff in the other expansions, which cost as much as the original game now."
76561198134620725,Recommended,401190,29501570,Posted: 26 January,all,AnnaRammsteiner,"For 0.99 it´s ok.The grafics are not the best, the movement is kinda not really smooth and at some points it´s buggy.But the sounds and the weapon-change are good.It´s a little nice trash shooter but more kind of a 'gap filler'"
,Not Recommended,401190,34720617,Posted: 3 September,all,atrix_shadoww,bad
,Not Recommended,401190,29078334,Posted: 6 January,all,machiwuto,"Disclaimer: This is a review of the game without the DLC. There may be some ""good"" content in this game if you buy the DLC but I'm not sure.This game is an uninspired shooter with mediocre mechanics and level design, a ""campaign,"" and a huge lack of diversity. First off there are around four maps, and six types of dinosaurs, not including any color swaps. The gameplay isn't fun in my opinion as there is really no diversity as the entire game is walking backwards to avoid enemy attacks while you shoot with the default weapon, which can kill most dinosaurs in a few shots. The only reason that you would need any other weapon is to kill any of the larger dinosaurs like the Spinosaurus faster than you normally would. Speaking of the dinosaurs, they are icredibly boring to fight as they won't do anything other than walk towards you in a straight line. Also, when youn kill any dinosaur their model will just turn completely red and fall apart, the falling apart doesn't look that good as it looks like they cut the dinosaur into straight pieces that fall over.As for the ""campaign,"" it is just visiting four maps over and over again following the red arrows on your HUD. After you have killed all the dinosaurs on the map you will run around for a little while and your character will scream something about being the ""ultimate warrior"" and a large dinosaur will spawn. As for the design of the levels, they are either plains with a few hills and maybe a tree every so often, some village that is layed out like a maze, or an extremely mountainous area even though the controls for climbing in this game are just atrocious. Thank god that the entire game can be completed in aroud forty minutes.In conclusion, this an extremely boring game that is very poorly designed that I wouldn't recommend to anybody. I got this game for the $0.49 promotional price and I feel like this experience isn't even worth that much.2/10"
76561198039527048,Recommended,401190,30875803,Posted: 1 April,all,Zerolink,I feel like the developer invested more time into creating achievements than in the actual game.10/10
76561198098673202,Recommended,401190,30902297,Posted: 2 April,all,3q,better than usher
,Recommended,401190,30935108,Posted: 3 April,all,Gnarl,Fun game very cheap u can get all dlc for 1.15
,Not Recommended,401190,21065414,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Filthy F@#kin' Spoon,Rather buy a 50 cent snack pack of crackers.
76561198135763898,Recommended,401190,18524275,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,rc42,"This is a very basic dino shooter ,but my son loves it . This is not a triple A title far from it but the dev updates every week trying to make it better.So from my son a big thumbs up , as for me i paid next to nothing for it and it is entertaining."
,Recommended,401190,32794086,Posted: 25 June,all,Danipips The Stunned Panda,1081 achievements for $0.411000/10
,Not Recommended,401190,32270399,Posted: 8 June,all,Zockerx96,Only to farm achievements.
,Recommended,401190,23160951,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Jeiz,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_KkBNSI42GkThe multiplayer is an experience you have to try out.
76561198083784517,Not Recommended,401190,34514678,Posted: 26 August,all,Wow,bad
76561198062661147,Recommended,401190,22968884,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Monster Boy,"This game has potential, let's just hope that the devs don't ditch it like Carnivores Dinosaur Hunter Reborn.Buuuut, there are several things the devs got wrong on the dinosaurs, velociraptor is not that big, allosaurus was bigger, spinosaurus was probably a quadrepedAs for the game itself, devs, you have a lot of work to do, if you want this to sell, you gotta make this game fun and full of eye candy, don't have the dinos have only one death animation for each species, make the game more realistic, make the different gamemodes actually different, and actually do your research on dinosaurs, don't base your dinos entirely on Jurassic Park.  This game has a lot of potential, and don't let that potential go to waste."
,Recommended,401190,34966477,Posted: 15 September,all,Milos The lovely Snekiboye,"Real♥♥♥♥♥♥ but pretty funny real♥♥♥♥♥♥And achievements, they are ( ( ( B E U T I F U L ) ) )Bought for achievementsI don't regret"
76561198006874437,Not Recommended,401190,18080438,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,A firm handful of mike asscheek,"♥♥♥♥ you, ♥♥♥♥ the developers, ♥♥♥♥ everyone, ♥♥♥♥ anyone and anything who has ever come in contact with or been apart of the team that has developed this game. I hate you, I hate your parents, I hate your family pet. I hope your dreams never come true and all the things that are good in your life explode into a vast pool of excrement. I hope your grandmother falls down the stairs on her fancy power chair. I hope stan lee invents a super villain to kick your♥♥♥♥♥ I hope spiderman and the green goblin actually DO team up to take over the city just so they can find where you live and kill you and your family. -Sincerely, Bugsy.http://i.imgur.com/HNLLE0N.jpg"
76561198271138604,Not Recommended,401190,23219746,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Vortex,this is not a good game it is not worth the money
,Not Recommended,401190,29654453,Posted: 2 February,all,HydroQuarintine,"a very poorly made game with cringy dinos, broken hitboxes and dead afonly worth it as a freebee"
,Recommended,401190,29744839,Posted: 6 February,all,☢» MACHIN3 «☢,"Recommended only for achievment hunters...That said let's look at the game itself:Horrible graphics - good game for those with slow PCsDino AI sucks - they are more like walking targets with no ""dino"" feelingBuggy aiming with guns - trying to use the scopes is frustrating as you have to click several time for it to workThis is more of a roaming target shooter with very easy achievments if you pay attention to steam guides on how to unlock most achievments.They recently added TONS more achievments that I can only guess is for achievment hunters as they serve no purpose at all for goals..."
76561198257311147,Not Recommended,401190,32416159,Posted: 14 June,all,Triple K Ranger,no
,Not Recommended,401190,31670041,Posted: 10 May,all,Fred Weasleys Ginger Ghost,game sux
,Recommended,401190,22891446,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Master Zolen,This game cured my Ebola
,Recommended,401190,31631346,Posted: 8 May,all,Nwnex_PT | #🐱‍👤ヌーノ,Recommended.10/10
,Recommended,401190,21607598,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Zhong Guo Ren,"This is the best game I have actually ever played,Better than Bad RatsBetter AmpersandAnd, i would even go as far to say that.....Woodle Tree Adventures"
,Recommended,401190,29885618,Posted: 12 February,all,Pacemaker,1081 achievementswelluhok
,Not Recommended,401190,18738014,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Dillan,"Dinosaur hunt; Africa Contract is a First person game in which you Kill Dinosaurs. That being said i havn't played or updated the game for a while and will probably wait for quite some time before making another review. to give the developers more time to update and fix the game. But i feel as though this game needs to be reviewd at this current point in time aswell.This review wont be to attack the developers or the game, it is strictly a review on how the game is at it's current point.Gameplay- 3/10To me it's really repetitive and simple, which may not be a bad thing alot of people enjoy the simple games. However, personally i enjoy something a bit more intracate. but that's just a personal opionion. The dinosaurs all feel the same, apart from looks and sizes they act the same and have the same movement paterns. The game does not feel immersive and the in game sounds just don't fit in.  But again the developers ( Racing Bros) are doing a great job at constantly updating the game and making it a little bit better each update.Graphics- 4/10 The graphics don't look to bad. the textures might not be the best but at least ( from my knowlage) Racing Bros are not taking assets and just plugging them into a game like alot of developers are lately. the sound design doesn't feel as though it fits in with the game as ( from when i last played) the dinosaurs all sounded the same. the map design isn't to bad but it could use some work as the areas feel lifeless and plain.Story- 2/10From what i gathered there is no real story in this game, you just kill dinosaurs and sometimes zombies/mobs. The campaign mode within the game is just finding a dinosaur within the map and killing it and repeating until you get enough kills to enter the next map.Overall- 6/10This game does have a decent overall score mainly due to the fact that this game is litterally the price of a lollipop. Racing Bros are not asking for much as anyone can easily rack up $1 that being said the game still needs many improvements to sound graphics and gameplay, and if you want something that is simple and cheap then feel free to pay this small amount. However I am still going to give this a negative review mainly because i feel as though the game needs to be completed more before being bought."
76561198045705212,Recommended,401190,18606626,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,MFWIC,"For this price, this is an excellent game. DEV is very active and ambitious about improving his game and communicates with community quite regularly."
,Recommended,401190,28486597,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,LazärheaD,This game is worth it just for the audiobook gamebook between stages.
,Recommended,401190,18998011,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,NotSoBrown,DLC SIMULATOR THAT ACTUALLY COSTS YOUR MONEY FOR THE DLC! BUY NOW BECAUSE THIS OFFER WON'T LAST!
,Recommended,401190,30719913,Posted: 24 March,all,rawzerk,The achievements descriptions made my day10/10
,Recommended,401190,32210324,Posted: 5 June,all,SK－ＤＤ❍Ｓ☬ ❍N,Ez to unlock all achievement %100
,Recommended,401190,28277894,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Diacrane,BEST GAME EVER 10/10!!!!!I MEAN IT HAS EXPLODING DINOSAURSINSTANT EJACULATION ON KILL
,Recommended,401190,31888393,Posted: 21 May,all,HockHard,Dinosaur Hunt: Exploding died DinosaursArk survival evolved: No exploding died DinosaursDinosaur Hunt > Ark survival evolved
,Not Recommended,401190,29182172,Posted: 11 January,all,Heaven Eyes,I am a geologist and I find this game offensive.2.5/10
,Recommended,401190,28742802,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Palästinalied on repeat,"I expected a good game. What I got was the physical, undeniable return of the messiah, Jesus Christ, to this earth.In this game you play as an elite supersoldier sent to eradicate dinosaurs and stop whoever is producing them. The game effortlessly merges story and gameplay using innovative cutscenes between each level of the campaign.Gameplay itself is very reminiscent of the early Far Cry games. You maneuver around a small section of wilderness and eliminate the targets, utilizing an advanced stealth system and an arsenal of diverse weapons. The AI is flawless, velociraptors travel in packs and will attempt to flank you from unexpected places. after all targets are eliminated, a boss will apear. Boss fights are high-tension events. defeating each unique boss feels like a monumental feat, as all of them utilize very different tactics that are hard to adapt to. You WILL die many times to each boss. This Dark Souls-esque gameplay makes the game very rewarding, and achievements are given only for the most monumental of tasks.The low price of this game is not an indication of it's quality by any stretch, but a testament to the saintlike generosity of the devs.The experience is only added to by each DLC which feature new and exciting challenges to your prowess as a gamer.Go ahead, buy it, if you think you're man enough."
,Recommended,401190,18296064,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Ocean,Do not buy this game expecting something actually good. The devs even state that it isn't supposed to be a top of the line game. Honestly this game is pretty entertaining. I feel how bad it is makes it more fun.Pros:CheapFunnyEntertainingMultiplayer updateCons:Looks badDoesn't run wellUpdate:What the f*ck is this game? Now it takes up over a gb and has 3d animations. WTF
,Not Recommended,401190,18458237,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,Draegast,it's bad lol
,Recommended,401190,19293888,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Dark Mamba,"Lots of content for only .99 cents, plus it has multiplayer. Fun joke game that you can actually play."
76561198231839176,Recommended,401190,32370917,Posted: 12 June,all,Trasto,"Good game for what you pay, easy to unlock achievements."
,Not Recommended,401190,29800156,Posted: 9 February,all,Negzy,Terrible game. Represents everything that is wrong with Steam indie game development. Only had time played on this game due to wanting 100%. Developer keeps adding achievements and has now added over 1000 new ones. Do not buy this trash.
,Recommended,401190,31722742,Posted: 13 May,all,RainboW,Its good
76561198060441169,Recommended,401190,32416173,Posted: 14 June,all,B For Bendetta,Achievements are killing me
,Recommended,401190,32611580,Posted: 21 June,all,CBroadway,"Darkness...Darkness is all I feel, darkness is all I have, darkness is all I want.Until you came and smiled in my life.That is when the light came in.My life started getting better but then I did some things to make it worse.But if there was a chance for you and me, the darkness would be gone FOREVER.When my heart was taken over by demons, you battled it for the ultimate prize: My Virginity. Only then would it be gone forever.The battle went on for decades until the demons won.At the point I was just done.I was cold, truly alone until you saved me.Now please just take me...AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH......................."
,Not Recommended,401190,31048505,Posted: 9 April,all,Leon24,Not enough achievements!But you get an Audiobook about dinosaurs with Miniguns!
,Not Recommended,401190,22618328,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,The Fennec Fox,THIS GAME SUCKS IT WAS AWFULL NEVER EVEN SPEND A SINGLE SENT IN IT.
,Not Recommended,401190,30037860,Posted: 19 February,all,HassLiebe666,Cheap and buggy game based on the Unity-engine.Downvote - just for the achievementspam. I hope Valve does something against this ♥♥♥♥.
,Recommended,401190,21124724,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Elias,brought this because it was 17 cents and I gotta say its a piece of crap but a great one unlike some other games *Cough DayZ standalone *cough cough*since I brought it it's also had more updates than DayZ standalone as well.
,Recommended,401190,32627987,Posted: 21 June,all,papa chilli,Best game I've ever playing on steam by a mile.
76561198055269808,Not Recommended,401190,29839532,Posted: 10 February,all,Sosig,"Even looking at the amount of achievements tells that the dev has zero effort on this game. It's not worth 0,99€."
76561198357978573,Recommended,401190,33594643,Posted: 16 July,all,Meek,"I refunded Dinosaur Hunt for 79p and got the collection instead for £2.19. Why? Being an ex smoker it's about a quarter of days cost (the best reason to NEVER EVER start smoking). Dinosaur hunt as a collection you can have a cartoon look, Killing Dino's, Zombies and Giant Spiders... It will bore soon but the pack varies it a little. I would recommend it only for the odd hours fun now and again when not looking for much but only when on sale for the £2 mark. Yes it is also an achievement spewing machine but it just adds to make it a bit more fun."
,Not Recommended,401190,18262911,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Sage,It's like a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ mobile game.Holy ♥♥♥♥.No.It's worse than a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ mobile game.
76561198107567754,Recommended,401190,31301496,Posted: 22 April,all,Camronicus,Shot And RPG. Now i am literally deaf10/10
,Recommended,401190,30943936,Posted: 4 April,all,K'Ripton,"As in 04/04/2017, i think the game is great. The graphics are amazing , i do think this game is fine. I bought it for 0.63£, and it worth it so much.Buy it and you'll see, its so fun. If you need more info, message me :)"
76561198216916108,Recommended,401190,29524624,Posted: 27 January,all,♔,"10/10, would deinstall again"
,Recommended,401190,18155240,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Flobby Rotten,YOU CAN SHOOT THROUGH THE F**KING TERRAIN!10/10 GAME. WOULD DEFINITELY RECCOMEND.
76561198321378213,Recommended,401190,26107380,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Artemis,this is a great game but more gamemodes or the ability to play as dino or more sandbox features would be awesome but this is a awesome game so good job
,Recommended,401190,31109047,Posted: 12 April,all,✪ Tommy,Are you looking for a game to destroy dinosaurs with many guns option and melee weapons?Do you feel you need some rock music while playing game that is included in the game already?Do you want to play fps game that the story does not exist?Do you want to get easy achievments without doing nothing and spend so little time?Fear not than this game is for you!( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
76561198028352831,Recommended,401190,26120455,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Muk,i dont regret any cent i payed for that game!
76561198135002401,Recommended,401190,23906999,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,A Cuppa Tea,"This game is surprisingly fun, and for 39p imo i think it's worth a shot!! I not had any issues with this game either."
,Recommended,401190,30949818,Posted: 4 April,all,insanity90000,Got cancer.Thanks!
,Not Recommended,401190,26037994,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Avocado,"I read the reviews about the game and expected it to be not that great, but after almost an hour of playing I've concluded that it isn't fun at all. You spend most of your time holding shift as you sprint around looking for poorly coded AI that get caught on everything. I'll never play this again and didn't enjoy myself."
,Recommended,401190,31338246,Posted: 24 April,all,aqua,achivement generator
,Recommended,401190,31748330,Posted: 14 May,all,Șpârlă,Troll ach :(
76561198192010411,Recommended,401190,29972644,Posted: 16 February,all,Keladran,Better than GTA 5
,Not Recommended,401190,31907242,Posted: 22 May,all,Hitzugy.J.Pax,1 hour = all achievementsMultiplayer=noobs killing you everytime you respawnonly buy if is on sale to get + 1k achievements
,Not Recommended,401190,28931876,Posted: 1 January,all,zzilla8,"It's cheap but just not worth money or the space on your computer, just a dull boring unfun game."
,Not Recommended,401190,19877466,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Dino the Shitking,achievements are the best part
,Not Recommended,401190,19722846,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,EvilAVP,Piece of♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,401190,31028032,Posted: 8 April,all,AnderS,ez achievements <3
76561198121737497,Recommended,401190,28277821,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Wystheria,"don't read this, I do this for badges only"
,Recommended,401190,34347031,Posted: 19 August,all,Windy ♡,"Buy the Special addition for 5000 free achievements, best game ever"
76561198164574232,Recommended,401190,30910582,Posted: 2 April,all,Anomalocaris,Better than ARK. 69/420 wuld recomend.
,Not Recommended,401190,18281222,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Chief Kneef,"So guys, do you remember that OG game that you used to get back in like 2010 on the original PSP called monster hunter? it used to come free with most PSP bungles yanno and it was like literally game of the year, they milked it and made like 4 sequals or some♥♥♥♥♥♥where you did they exact same running round mountains ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t and killing all those ♥♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥ ""monsters"" which can i point out where just dinosaurs with horns, anyway i aint slating that game, i'm here to slate this 79 pence piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ Now me and my friend saw this and were like hype a ♥♥♥♥ because who doesn't want to slay up some raptors with Bin Laden's Ak47 or George Bush's M4A4? (shoutout to my boy Big Bush, btw does anyone remember that tv show called lil Bill with the lil black kid doing daily♥♥♥♥♥♥ that was tight). Anyway, our hands were like shaking we were so buzzing man, looking like my nan holding her cup of tea (shoutout to my nan Jenny, she 63) and we bust out the wallet and banged in 79 whole english bronze pennies for this dino♥♥♥♥♥homicide game. We saw that multiplayer♥♥♥♥♥♥and we were ready to bust up Jurassic Park with these high powered rifles, then we realised you can't actually find any severs, it's like searching for dat youth Madeliene McCann tryna connect up. So we braved the♥♥♥♥♥♥alone but we be talking on CurseTalk (+rep CurseTalk only got it like 2 hours ago fam). So we in game on the map ""Africa"" and these raptors come charging over the hills like ♥♥♥♥ing Vikings my man, that was not tight, then i realised when you shoot this ♥♥♥♥♥♥ straight in the underbelly he goes poof like a crazy♥♥♥♥♥magic trick (shoutout to Houdini my boy). When i finally forgave the game for being so easy i ran out of bullets and hit up the UI, then those garish colours and♥♥♥♥♥♥shapes hit me right back, i wanna die right now i need laser eye surgery my man, I got bullets and sparked up the next map...There was not ♥♥♥♥ing dinosaurs, this♥♥♥♥♥♥turned into like an unseen episode of lost where Hugo eat all the other ♥♥♥♥♥es and ran solo. Final review i say don't put yourslef through the pain of looking at this♥♥♥♥♥♥ Peace out steam, ly and goodbye :-*"
,Not Recommended,401190,18346843,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Gaming God v69,"I've played the game again recently. There are a few confusing, poorly designed interface menus to navigate through before getting into the game itself. Single player mode has a ""campaign?"" that involves you finding the right dinosaur to kill before your ""home"" allows you to go to the next map. This is all I could figure out; the game tells you nothing but the default controls. There are a few voice snippets before loading a map, but it tells you nothing. The whole game tells you nothing but what the default controls do. There's no narrative or explanation for any features.When you shoot a dinosaur, the model shears like you sliced it with a sword, and then has poor physics once the dinosaurs drop to the ground. Not a great sign of quality.The maps look decent.One of the modes in the game the last time I played has been moved to DLC (zombies), which is incredibly stupid.I still don't recommend this game to anyone. It doesn't feel like a game that should be purchased with money; it feels like a hobby project gone rogue.----- Original Review Below ------The developer is trying really hard with updates to this game, which is the most commendable part of the game.There's a lack of satisfying gunplay and the game has very little content outside of shooting the same inconsistent AI enemies over and over and over and over and over and over and over again. No features to mix this up at all. There is very little challenge once you have upgraded your sniper rifle. The graphics were improved in updates to match the screenshots, but are still sub-par for a PC release and look much like the mobile version of this game."
76561198009595827,Recommended,401190,35187520,Posted: 24 September,all,Dickmeis,"Love me or hate me, it's still an obsession.Love me or hate me, that is the question.If you love me then thank you!If you hate me then .uck .ou"
,Recommended,401190,33502300,Posted: 13 July,all,Anck-su-namun,Had lots of fun playing this. However this game needs more music. Enough said.
,Not Recommended,401190,31782583,Posted: 16 May,all,PrakKorbl,"Basically, the real survival mode is ""how long can you stand random and arbitrary fanmade acheivements and being ambushed by dinosaurs with far greater damage outputs than you?"" Give this (and the many, many skins of it) a miss and track down Carnivores, or Carnivores: Dinosaur Hunter Reborn instead."
,Recommended,401190,34875189,Posted: 10 September,all,TacoLord424,Realized that this game is awful just like my soul. 10/10 would cry again.
,Recommended,401190,21065626,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,no swearing relax be cool,Amazing.0.1/10
,Recommended,401190,21178904,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Dr. Faustus,"it isnt so bad at all i think.the developer puts alot of effort in it to make the game better, its not a triple A title, its a 69 cent game.and for what u pay u get a fun game to play every now and than for half an hour."
,Recommended,401190,21359421,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,I_like_beer,"It costs a dollar.  Worth every penny.Seriously, I don't know why people are complaining about this lacking state-of-the-art graphics.  It costs a buck.  You hunt dinosaurs.  It's exactly as advertised, and it's fun.  I wish it had controller support so I can play from my couch, but if you want to shoot dinosaurs and want to pay a dollar to do so, here you are."
76561198031372582,Not Recommended,401190,23218294,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,HoSchi,"What a crap! akward control, cheap grafix- i regret even the lousy 0,59 € i spent on this spasm."
76561198042990004,Not Recommended,401190,18856820,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Future Spice,"For those considering purchasing this game, please read this review.Do not purchase this game."
76561198053169527,Not Recommended,401190,18865950,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,DingleberryJ,This game hurt my soul.
,Not Recommended,401190,19087732,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,Sir Feared Featherhat #FATTENED,"""Do you recommend this game?""Sure, just as I enjoy eating raw beef (I don't).Firstly, the textures? Made by a lazy developer who doesn't want you to even walk through a doorway.Secondly: The main menu. The options menu. The multiplayer menu. The quit menu. I have one word for that: perfect(please note my sarcasm)!Lastly, I could load a Battlefield 4 map for the time this game takes to load the settings."
,Not Recommended,401190,30331296,Posted: 4 March,all,Treat2Death,Stupidest hunting game ever.  Underpowered weapons.  Get stuck on every blade of grass in the game.  Raptors can eat a grenade.Worst programming I have ever seen.  Not even worth 49 cents.
,Recommended,401190,31807636,Posted: 17 May,all,✨Animu Hunter✨,"Cool game with different weaponsWhen killing a dinosaur, meat on the whole mapI advise you to play"
,Recommended,401190,32765529,Posted: 25 June,all,ⒼⒶⓎⓎⓁⒾⒺⓃ,This is what you see when you die
,Recommended,401190,21718072,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Bastydusty,"Its fun, and it costs less that small beerdinosaurs explode when killedsountrack is pretty coolanimations are funnybest purchease ever8/8"
,Recommended,401190,19865462,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Zavaro,good graphics options like bloom on/off mouse invert on/offstoll being updatedbuy the dcl for it!!
76561198120482938,Recommended,401190,22184427,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,My Nemesis,Could use some different guns and Dino's but other wise great. World th the .99
,Recommended,401190,25972555,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,DjBoom,"Let me just say wow... I really thought this game was bad untill I played it, the pictures make the graphics look bad but their actually pretty good. The only thing that is keeping me from playing this is my friends, they always want to do something. Since it has mixed reviews and what looked like bad graphics, I bought this as like a joke to make fun of how bad it is but its actually pretty good. But add some more maps :)"
,Recommended,401190,29224291,Posted: 13 January,all,Harix,"I bought this game with sale coupon, it's worth the money :)+Trading cards"
76561198272470328,Recommended,401190,35040691,Posted: 18 September,all,Gamer115_24_7,Very fun game if you like dinausaurs and lego very much.
76561198148950060,Recommended,401190,21478705,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Kakashisensei666,I really like this game... Compare to other games....  Well.. Not an AAA cat... But still good. Good price and the developers are working a lot on this game to make it better... I am really glad cause i dud get this one :) Thanks guys!!!
76561198248760596,Recommended,401190,22932425,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,BashupKing,Great game and very new! Its updated the day after i got it!
76561198206663888,Not Recommended,401190,24347391,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Big Boss,1.222222/1i cant run this its cancer
,Recommended,401190,26199375,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Admiral Latias,i love dinosaurs but not to kill them :(
,Not Recommended,401190,28448731,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Big_Gamer,"This game must be among the worst offendors in ""least effort put in"". The whole game is just a random map where a bunch of weapons get dropped in a pile and some dino models spawns and walks around. The AI basically just walks forward until it can attack something, but it does at least turn in the direction of you when you are close enough or shoot. The ""campaign"" is just a bunch of unrealated maps with some guy reading a script in between with a random dino image. I'm guessing the script is what they actually wanted to do but it was to hard, so you just get to hear about some guys fighting machine gun mounted dinousaurs and blowing stuff up instead of actually playing it.So to sum up, this is just a bunch of bought weapon and dino models thrown togheter and called a game.Points for listening to the community though."
,Recommended,401190,18093276,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,Lower Downer,"One of the best next generation games out there, possibly surpassing Grand Theft Auto V, Metal Gear Solid V, and Battlefield 4."
,Recommended,401190,18091371,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,Hot Pocket,"(DINOSAUR HUNT SPOILERS, READ AT YOUR OWN RISK)I've been playing Dinosaur Hunt for quite some time now. It's a thrilling adventure that's hard to put down. The pure rush of adrenaline that faced me forced me to put down my controller and surrender to its overwhelming power.When an experiment has gone wrong in a suspected sabatoge, dinosaurs escape from an experimental lab and wreak havoc on the earth. You are the only man who can stop them and bring peace, or so you think.Everywhere you travel to, there are several dead bodies of the same people just laying around along with every type of ammo in the game lying around in the pile even though you can only hold 2 weapons at a time. Those dinosaurs are playing mind games.You also don't start the campaign with a gun, you have to buy one with money the game gives you. I ran around the first level for 10 minutes while dinosaurs killed me before I realized this. I was a fool to not realize this was just a masterful game design choice far beyond my feeble mind. In addition, your character randomly yells sometimes. I think it's a metaphor of the release of anger within us that we all yearn for. When you think the game cannot get any better, it lays more story on you as you complete your first level.On your adventures, you find the scientist you were searching for who claims the incident was not caused by sabatoge, but by a freak accident. The dinosaurs in the lab had been carrying a virus that turned people into dinosaurs, since the lab workers were exposed the most to the virus, they were killed by the dinosaurs first(?). In desperation for a cure, the scientist sends you out to get samples for testing as you kill about 14 more of the same 4 dinosaurs that are sometimes a different color.In a shocking turn of events, the protaganist returns to the scientist only to discover he has become a dinosaur much larger and stronger than any other he has fought before (by that, he is exactly the same as the T-Rex you fought a few levels before, assuming that's meant to be him because the story is in no way connected to the gameplay.)After defeating the scientist, the protaganist realizes that the future of humanity does not look so bright as the only man who could ever make a cure has perished. He must continue to fight (I guess).This is all I have played for now, I will be sure to update my thrilling tales while in the world of the greatest video game to ever be blessed by an artist's touch.I rate Dinosaur Hunt 10 unity asset stores out of 10."
,Recommended,401190,18281467,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,JustJakob,クソたわごとの何山。どのようにこのゲームではあっても、これはどのように悪いです私の神オハイオ州のような蒸気になったのですか
,Recommended,401190,24003806,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Spartan L16,"Dinosaur HuntThis is one of the best games I have ever had the pleasure of owning.What an honor it is to own such a piece of art that is so very satisfying with extremely well made game mechanics.StoryThis is one of the best stories I've ever been so immersed in. The Witcher: Wild Hunt and Fallout 4 (including all DLC for each) are childrens stories compared to this and they really could have learned a thing or two from it. The story here will make you laugh, it'll absolutely make you crystill crying over that super secret ending with the two dinosaur loversmake you filled with rage, and you'll just be thinking about it all the way up until half life 3 is released it's that good. The amount of choice you have in the game really impacts the world around you in a meaningful way. The world also is genuinely alive and breathing.GameplayFirst let me start off by saying the graphics in this game are incredible. This game is seriously my go-to game for testing out new GPU's. One of the many features that you'll instantly notice is when you look down, you'll be able to see your feet. Instantly making you disgusted with Bethesda's Fallout 4. How can a supreme game like this that had a smaller budget than Fallout 4 include being able to see your legs and Fallout 4 you can't? Explain that to me. The game features many MANY MANNNNNNNYYY varieties of dinosaurs; each with their own unique look and attack styles. The enemies are also extremely smart and NEVERline up in a row for you to kill effortlesslyI'm so surprised at the A.I intelligence in this game and it just shows where we're moving towards in gaming.So this is a wave based shooter but there is a seriously fleshed out campaign story underneath it. The weapons in the game are extremely realistic, the animations for each reload will make ARMA 3 look like anunrealisticshooter. My only complaint is the base game only has about 80 weapons to choose from all unique and some sci-fi but in the big scope of this game, it's just nowhere near enough.it's possible that I may just be a bit dramatic.Also this game features co-op and it's just damn near fun because everything that's in the campaign is available in co-op and while the multiplayer isn't extremely popular, it still has one of the best leveling up systems that absolutely surpasses Call of Duty.Pros+ Extremely well thought and fleshed out story+ The lore is really interesting+ Weapons are great, very realistic+ Maps are all varied, and the sky boxes in each look photorealisticespecially the black empty skies+Intelligent A.I, varied enemy types+DLC's are highly enjoyable+help me+$1 price tag+Music will make John Williams cryCons-Only 80 guns-FPS dropped down to 101 versus 120 in a few areas-can't see your legs in Fallout 4-Will make you think about this game 24/7-No promises to a sequelsad face-Dinosaurs spit out some mean insults-T-Rex isn't the main focusOverall: This is one ofthe greatest shooter games ever madeand I whole heartedly recommend this beautiful gem. This game belongs in everyone's library. A fun adventure for the whole family!p.s turn on exploding enemies for a really fun ride.UPDATE:They/He just keeps adding more things to the game, you can absolutely tell he puts love into this game... On a negative note though, seeing your legs appears to be removed. :(plz bring back"
,Recommended,401190,18144647,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,toni,best game
,Recommended,401190,19231561,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Demo,-Best game i've payed in years.-I finally got Silver in CS:GO while training for my aim in this game.-Hand down best FPS game out there.-Very challenging and interactive.-I highly reccomend to everyone to buy it.
,Recommended,401190,26107767,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Jawnson | discord.gg/nt,"This is the best game ever made, 10/10"
76561198244070428,Recommended,401190,19078597,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,stop inviting me to csgo groups,"I honestly never expected to get jumpscared by an Allosaurus.Aside from that, although the game gets repetitive and sometimes bland, for 99 cents, it's worth it. The developers are constantly updating, and for the better for the most part. The only other notable dinosaur hunting games that rival this is Dino D-Day, which respectively has its fair share of pros and cons, and TheHunter Primal, which is no longer receiving updates.EDIT: Looks like the DEVs of The Hunter Primal came back around Christmas, and I totally neglected ARK Survuval Evolved. Still worth one dollar, though."
,Recommended,401190,30156742,Posted: 24 February,all,Microsoft-BinLaden™,im addicted 2 this game ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
76561198257666168,Not Recommended,401190,28168098,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,[DBG] SteezyNickNasty,THIS GAME IS TRASH LOL DONT BUY IT!! DONATE .99$ TO YOUR LOCAL CHARITY AND SAVE YOURSELF THE PAIN OF HOW BAD THIS GAME IS. 0/10
,Recommended,401190,18561918,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Robloxian 2,This game made me want to drink bleach.I executed a gargoyle with a single pistol shot though and decided it was alright.
,Recommended,401190,28093936,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Jebuxor,"-Cost 0,99€-Buy-Play-Dinosaurs.-cry-Refund"
,Not Recommended,401190,29041684,Posted: 5 January,all,WHITE SCAR,"Nah, I ain't no freaking RICH dentist."
76561198289103905,Recommended,401190,29810516,Posted: 9 February,all,Zorux,"I really like this game. It feels like playing CSGO in single player.The night is very bad made, but the sun effect on day is good. It is a easy game, and if you like achievements this game have a lot of them.For the price it is a good game."
,Not Recommended,401190,23300944,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Spizy Chicken,"It's .99 cents. You get what you pay for. The videos and screen shots are misleading and lies.The game is NOTHING like what they show you.This game is like playing some horrible arcade game created by a child with the IQ of forrest Gump. You've been warned!The only thing they got correct was that Dinosuars DID live with people.DNA discovered in Dinosuar Bones PROVES this. DNA can NOT last longer than 100k years MAX if kept at 32F the entire time.Carbon 14 has also been found in every tested Dinosaur bone. C14 has a half life of only 5,730 years.If you are finding C14 and DNA in Dinosaur bones, THEY CAN NOT BE MILLIONS of years old. That's a scientific FACT!Don't believe the LIES! Dinosaurs lived with people!"
,Recommended,401190,33821480,Posted: 26 July,all,Gunnii,"Very nice and chill game, graphics arent the best but looks okay. Really nice dev! :D"
,Recommended,401190,26123346,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,HeavenSloth,Worth the .49 I spent
76561198056260632,Recommended,401190,29755558,Posted: 6 February,all,Chaossniper,I paid <1$ and got about an hour worth of mindless killing of janky dinosaurs. I'm pretty ok with this.
,Not Recommended,401190,24427928,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Officer Bundgaard,"Just wasted 10 minutes of my life on the most buggy game ever, i haven't seen a more worse game since Call of Duty : Series10/10 Would put this in the Furnace*REMEMBER BUY ONLY IF YOU LIKE REALLY BUGGY GAMES AND LOVE CALL OF DUTY TOO*"
76561198162964313,Recommended,401190,33110628,Posted: 1 July,all,gordy,"I came two years late to experiencing Dino Hunt, and found the game on sale for five thousand dollars. I knew nothing of the Dino Hunt series and only that Dino Hunt was never popular among my friends. From the very beginning scene I was hooked. The deeper I dove into the game and its lore, the more reward I found. I continue to find more content and hidden secrets 600 some hours and 10+ playthroughs into this gem of a game. Hats off to Dinosaur Hunt and if you still haven't played in 1943, I would give this game my highest recommendation."
76561198103358136,Not Recommended,401190,23247235,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Fox,CANT EVEN PIC UP WEAPONS
,Recommended,401190,31091206,Posted: 11 April,all,Remex,"Best game ive played in a long time graphics are beautiful and gameplay is superb, the story is roich with detail and the dinosaurs really popwould definetly recommend11/10"
,Recommended,401190,19293892,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,*HoerncheN.♡.irinA.,"You can totally see, that this game is after all still in development. But the idea of the gameplay is pretty well made imO. I enjoyed the idea of the campaign and playing it. I'll keep waiting a few months for multiplayer modes to be enabled and to see what they made out of it.There are daily updates - and the price is fine!Thumbs up so far. :)"
,Recommended,401190,21410680,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Kiyoharu,One word; Elegance.
,Not Recommended,401190,33492019,Posted: 12 July,all,PICKLE,Smelly rubbish
,Not Recommended,401190,29140492,Posted: 9 January,all,Tolkad,"Not good, not good at all. Very bad. Please don't buy. Buggy assets with a barebones game."
,Recommended,401190,22040087,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,https://mplc.tf/s/jarrodtrim,"Alright, I wanna say some things here.Cons:- Dinosaurs are pretty bad quality (as in graphics etc) compared to the rest of the game- Minimap is terrible at telling where the dinosaurs are (keeps moving, telling u to run here, wait go back, wait no run here)- Shooting explosion texture is very bad quality. Also gun noises could be higher quality. -- May be being fixed- Massive map, the dinosaurs are so far away and takes u around 15 minutes to try and kill all of them in a mission, just because of the distance between them, and only being able to sprint for a few seconds- Campaign is just killing dinosaurs, no story or anything. Well there kind of is i guess.. but not much.- Survival is terrible, the dinosaurs should come in waves and be attracted to you, instead they just are sitting ducks waiting to die and waiting for u to spend 30 mins trying to run around the map ---- Fixed if you Turn up difficulty- Dinosaurs can attack random rabbits, and the rabbits are invincable.- You can still pick up ammo for your gun, although your ammo is full. You can't pick up health packs when you're at full health, so why should you be able to with ammo? --- Fixed- The health and name of dinosaur don't show when scoped in with sniper when they are at long range, so can't tell how much (if any) damage you are giving.- Dinosaurs barely ever attack you---- Fixed I guess if you turn difficulty up xD- The health you start with and get is WAY too much.- Can't check mission objectives.. (even though you pretty much only need to shoot♥♥♥♥♥♥ no need to check I guess)- Trailers barely show any of the game, and no gameplay. -----Fixed.- Sometimes the dinosaurs bits falling off dont make sense. As in ""I'll get a headshot, but the dinosaurs tail will fall off""- Dinosaurs can attack you when they aren't that close- Easy and medium are way too easy, you could literally be afk the whole time and survive forever on survival mode.- Rocket launcher sometimes does no damage to dinosaurs, and I do like it, but i think its kind of op having that much ammo for the RL- You don't know where the edge of the map is, so sometimes u get stuck.. and on hard.. you justs get♥♥♥♥♥♥♥by 10 dinosaurs.- The maps don't make sense, like Australia if you pick it, is not australia, its just some weird looking Western desert map with ancient walls on the sides...?. And Canada is very sunny, with fire and all... wheres the snow? xD- No splash damage with the RL (as in, if you shoot to the side of the Dinosaur, it still won't do damage)- No explosion from the RL hitting, apart from the health bar of the dinosaur, you wouldn't even know you hit it.- Zombies are wayyyy too slow in the DLC, like WAYYY too slow, way too easy to just be afk (ON HARD) and survive for 10+ mins- Sometimes the big dinosaurs can go over you when u run away and get to close, u get glitched inside of them, and they cant attack u, and u can sort of attack them on some shots.- Grenade counts as a weapon for the weapon slot.. should just count as something u could put in, and not need a free slot for it, like i would be able to finish the campaign before i can equip a grenade...Pros:- Gun graphics and map graphics, pretty good- Halarious as the dinosaurs parts just fall off when you shoot them- Good guns- You get to shoot stuff!- Trading cards ;^)- HUD is good- Good music- Day/Afternoon/Night scheme good- Sun reflecting on the dinosaurs well- Not sure if pro or con, but in scope the dinosaurs light up in the dark..?- You can climb any mountain by just spamming space. Try it! LOL- Hard is very fakin hard1 thing I haven't tried is multiplayer, can't say anything about that yet.Now as it looks like I have a lot of cons, i still recommened this game, I find it pretty fun. Just if the dev's fixed the cons. This game could be worth $20-25 and i'd still buy it. I love this game, just the cons can get on my nerves.Suggestions (apart from like fixing the cons and etc that ive already listed):Make it that you get a free slot every 2 levels (so if your level 2 u get 2 slots for guns, lvl 4, 3 slots etc)Make it so the grenades don't count as a slot thing.Add stats for the guns, when you hover over them before buying (damage, accuracy etc)"
,Recommended,401190,28509322,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Onion,Flawless game 10/10
76561198032251420,Not Recommended,401190,24467196,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Boooze,game's bad
,Not Recommended,401190,32967605,Posted: 28 June,all,turtle,I lost a bet...
76561197960641979,Not Recommended,401190,24478267,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Zerodistance,not worth it.
,Recommended,401190,32570941,Posted: 19 June,all,Bogle Is Just That Good Boys,m8 you cant complain for the price its pretty good and has lots of content
76561198037201526,Recommended,401190,28943761,Posted: 2 January,all,Bearmanic,"Fun game, lots of weapons and dinos. The biomes are small and can go just about anywhere on the map.The only thing that I was not crazy about was telling the story. I felt it was a bit long. Besides that great game."
,Not Recommended,401190,23748903,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Noodle,Not a very optimized or good game.
,Not Recommended,401190,23945348,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Codmasker245,im going to tell you now this game sucks and i want a refund but it wont let me
76561198011923340,Not Recommended,401190,21940170,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,NOTUnbornDrunk,Umm.. Just Plain Um...
,Recommended,401190,29038183,Posted: 5 January,all,Hi im Seinny Jerfield,"Im genuinely suprised by how far the dev's have come with this game, I would definitley give this a solid 3/10, but trust me, thats great in comparison to the old -10/10 meme of a gamethis is actually really suprising, im impressed!"
,Recommended,401190,31494785,Posted: 1 May,all,Lisp,"This game is amazing, the graphics really show the detail and the artstyle is great. There are tons of weapons to use, and the gameplay is smooth. I highly recommend buying this game."
,Recommended,401190,30951452,Posted: 4 April,all,Apollo,Good
,Not Recommended,401190,25809115,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Ignis,I want a refund of my fifty centsBuy this if you want a glitchy game and shooting the same dino over and over with a ak471/10
76561198091135788,Recommended,401190,30833035,Posted: 30 March,all,Bossgamerjesse,Funniest♥♥♥♥♥♥ever~6.5/10~
,Recommended,401190,30755940,Posted: 26 March,all,Moshi,"It's a dinosaur version of Blood and Bacon!Game still could use a lot of workRawr I am a dinosaur ';,,,;'''''''5.5/10"
76561198219283319,Recommended,401190,30757828,Posted: 26 March,all,GreenSavo,Amazing game
,Not Recommended,401190,21284320,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,EvilSquirrel,"This game is rather bad, at least thats what i got from it"
,Recommended,401190,29368774,Posted: 19 January,all,nicmeister,"what a cheap game , a bit fun to play. must try for fun :D"
76561198286036403,Not Recommended,401190,29341940,Posted: 18 January,all,RottenPumpkin,Terrible
,Recommended,401190,24833671,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,yowieman94,it was cheap when i  bought it and its great if you want to kill some time real quick
,Not Recommended,401190,24878433,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,DudeBastian,+graphic+music+few sounds are good..-..and few are bad-ai-difficulty-game mechanics
,Recommended,401190,33076188,Posted: 1 July,all,totempael,"Easily a fun game. You get dropped into a small piece of land where you need to kill all the dinosaurs. The difficulty increases at the end.+Nice controls+Nice guns and gun handling+Good entertainment+/- I unlocked 365 achievements in 9 minutes of gameplay+/- ""Guitar Hero"" music with dinosaur eh.. screams. Not just in the lobby but also in-game.-My footsteps sounds like I have a 300 pound man stomping behind me (I scared myself up to multiple times)"
76561197974684590,Recommended,401190,33109852,Posted: 1 July,all,-=9315+35/<r4/VX=-,"This game is by far not as good as Natural fawn killers. The animations are simple, the Level elements are put together poorly and the grafix are ...not the loviest.The achivements are fun to watch while they pop up continously and give a very good stock for decorating your profile. But they are not really achivements. You just GET them. ...all >1000!So why on earth play this ""game""?I can't tell. Seriously, I can't. But the cheap the game is, there is some level of interesting about the other modes / included DLCs.You play a level, finish it in a few minutes (depends on how much you wanna seachr for ""hidden"" extras) and think ""Hey, I made it. That was easy. Ooookayyyy, I do one more level."" And after you finished the next level, you think the same again.Then somewhen you simply wanna know what happens if you fight against zombies. ...or ""bacon"" (sounds more crunchy, than it is) and so on.Don't await a real game. Its not really more than the good old cheap PSX games (but with progress saves).Think it is a good choice, if you have only 50 cent to spend during a sale for the next card. So I would recommend it nevertheless.Personal remark:If you vote this review as ""not helpfull"", I would be happy if you could leave a short comment, what you would like to have improved on it. Thx!"
,Not Recommended,401190,25945352,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Gags5,"it dosnt work after 1st mission, it just crashes, i bought dlc and an extra copy for my friend, and it dosnt even give me it. and its just a bunch of free models, so ♥♥♥♥ this, dont buy this scam, i have warned you..."
76561198169560446,Recommended,401190,33426959,Posted: 10 July,all,Schinigami,"This is 1000+ Achievement Bundle... and also apparently, as a bonus, You get the opportunity to hunt for dinosaurs... In addition, various weapons can be used...;-D"
76561198149110596,Recommended,401190,25951343,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,GreySpider,"The game when i bought it costed like 40 cents. The game is not a call of duty but it does well his function, entertain.I give my congratulations to the creator or creators of this game. Good game and still working for better games."
,Recommended,401190,26107235,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Satanic | SpykillerXD,"WOW, these devs are updating more than most triple A developers do. Even more active. They are really trying to make a really♥♥♥♥♥♥game good and they really need probs for that (:"
76561198096319293,Not Recommended,401190,29836825,Posted: 10 February,all,YeOldFrog,"On the 5th of February, I finally got around to trying out Dinosaur Hunt.  It was exactly what I expected.  A low budget, basement-made, bundle-bait game.  Nothing wrong with that.  You get what you pay for and if you expect more for fifty cents (seriously, don't buy this at the list price) it's your own fault.That should have been it.  I would have walked away without feeling the need to give it a negative review.  Then, on the 8th of February, Dinosaur Hunt added over a thousand unnecessary (and unnamed) achievements.  You can ""earn"" them all in about 90 minutes.  Enough is enough.This is not a good game.  That should be obvious.  The fact that the creators are now admitting this by trying to drive sales with free achievements means that they deserve the thumbs down after all.(This review will be removed when the unchievements are)"
76561198255539012,Not Recommended,401190,24879393,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,MaBoizzzzzzz,"This game is Probably the worst game on steam, even games that really popular are WAY MORE popular then this peace of SH!T try the game your self."
,Recommended,401190,25062079,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,OhioMan,"I have recieved this game for free from developer for my honest opinion,The game seems really fun, and the Biogen Biome (oriental village map) really looks well done, the desert level does seem to need some work as it feels kinda slapped together or still being worked on,but its a step in the right direction.Game seems to run smooth tho I seem to have a issue scoping in at a dino from a little distance and even with a machine gun with the scope pointer right on it I cant hit it until it gets really close then the scope is meaningless, and I know how to shoot a real gun.The mini map needs a little improvement and seems a little confusing, and seems like it take a little bit of time to kill a small dino. The achivements seem easy enough to get, and not sure about the trading cards since I yet ever recieved any.Overall it is not a bad game,developer seems to be working on it currently and is working on trying to address any issues one may have with the game.Game is very decently priced and with a ton of really cool DLC content that makes it even better."
,Not Recommended,401190,23302276,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,God of Thunder,"Watching this game evolve is like watching a tarded toddler grow up into an adult that is still very much sped. Also, microtransactions for lame and half-baked addons that costs more than the game itself? Nope."
,Not Recommended,401190,24744898,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Jackthedragonkiller,"I got the game thinking that it was going to be a real dinosaur hunting simulator like The Hunter but with dinosaurs. Instead I got a game that just has waves of dinosaurs and only a shotgun. The models are very bad and when you kill them they litterly turn to stone. I maybe will change my review when the game gets better but I don't think it will. I would like to get a better gun than just a shotgun, if there are more guns in this game can someone tell me how to get them? If you want a dinosaur hunter get Ark: Survival Evolved or The Hunter Primal, or if you just want a standard hunter game get The Hunter which is Free to Play. I should have known that the game was bad since it's only 1 dollar. This game is a complete time waster. It's fun for a few minutes and then it's just boring."
76561198129838864,Recommended,401190,24873326,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,7Paghetti,"Good game for how much it costs, fun to mess with each weapon"
76561198194236150,Not Recommended,401190,23320367,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,I only eat gluten free pussy,At least it\'s better than killing myself.
76561198192247689,Not Recommended,401190,23228329,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,StormTrooper,i doesnt let me change weapons i try comma and e and period but nothing works plz help
,Recommended,401190,19372568,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,CGFW (Jayanta),This is a nice game and really the developer cares to make it better. This has campaigns and survival and both are enjoyble to play. This is ideal for achievement hunters also.
,Recommended,401190,23191796,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,Della,Grafics 10/10 Gameplay 10/10 Dinoaurs 100/10Game 10/10 Would fly in the Air again
,Recommended,401190,20870779,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,fth,Omg.Best game ever!
,Recommended,401190,21324809,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,BlackFalco,Dinosaurs split in half when you shoot them10/10 for realism
,Recommended,401190,23211296,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,The Worst Guy,It's so bad that it's bad
76561197991097142,Recommended,401190,19654869,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,jHn,"Update:My first impression of this game, some months ago, was terrible.But now I know that the devs are very active and put a lot of effort in it. Updates are released frequently, and with every update the game slightly gets better.Give it a try! It's also nice as another 100%."
76561198169321191,Not Recommended,401190,19104980,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,sheoway,Crappy I hated it not worth the 99 cents I payed don't buy
,Recommended,401190,30742688,Posted: 25 March,all,Surgical3ullets,The achievement descriptions would make a liberal cry
,Recommended,401190,32781533,Posted: 25 June,all,GILE,Refund button work well
,Recommended,401190,21775761,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Cap'n G2000TEK,"This game is awesome! What do you expect for such a low price? It's a super cool (and funny) shooting game! And actually, I put the graphics up to ""SuperUltra"", and the graphics really do look very nice, and also the map area is huge! This game can get addicting, although I only played little, I already know that I will keep playing this game! Also looking forward to buy some DLC, for example the Gargoyle, and the Medieval Knights pack. I recently watched an episode of Be Cool Scooby Doo, where the mystery gang has a mystery with gargoyles, and I liked that, so I thought this would be cool. (No, I am not 10 years old, I am much older, and maybe I am not supposed to watch Scooby Doo, but I like it very much, so that's fun!) By the way, I have a question for you Developers: What coutry do you come from? Greetings from Hungary :) :D"
76561198024374915,Recommended,401190,34879354,Posted: 11 September,all,-LNR-,"Fun to Play the game is very good  , i recommend it ."
,Not Recommended,401190,21691271,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,DoctoЯ,"I received this game for free, and i still fell ripped off."
,Not Recommended,401190,23185211,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,propain74,seems fun if i can get it to run in campaign mode. ill  thumbs up it then.
,Not Recommended,401190,23891064,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Mashishi,extreeeeeeme lack of content
76561198168489962,Not Recommended,401190,19323600,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,MasterHalo,this game is crap
,Recommended,401190,26200727,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Kia,Great game!First I downloaded it 3months ago and hated it.But after this 3 months it's gotten much better I love it!
76561198292489503,Recommended,401190,29094171,Posted: 7 January,all,FastFord,its a good game but really easy to beat the campaign
,Not Recommended,401190,19256104,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Whale,"I played this game only to make a video of how ♥♥♥♥♥♥ it was. In the four minutes of unedited footage I found that the game was broken both fundamentally and physically. The crossbow is a shotgun, it uses bullets, and the start-up menu looks so ♥♥♥♥♥♥ I almost quit on the spot. To give all reading this an idea, the monsters have varying HP on small and unfun maps which have you running up to kill a monster which will always spawn in the same area every time. You also get no bonus from killing a monster of greater HP, and the guns take foever to unlock, primarily due to the extremely small ammounts of cash you recieve from killing each monster. Each mission gives you 50 coins, and a gun is almost 5000.1/10 and a ""♥♥♥♥ You""I want a refund or a better game. I shouldn't be playing a game which costs money whch is less fun than a free game online."
76561198190357726,Not Recommended,401190,26095236,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Strong Wolves,"Doesn't work great, always freezes on me after playing it for a few minutes. I guess it's good for a time killer, but nothing really more than that. It's not worth more than the $1.00 its up for."
,Recommended,401190,29332635,Posted: 18 January,all,Grimie Browneye,"Even though I only gave up a dollar for this steaming pile of dino poop, I am still embarrassed to have it in my library. If it took 2 dollars to permenantly scrub this game from my library so no one ever knew I had bought it, I'd gladly pay. Can't we all just ignore the fact that I clicked ""purchase for myself"", please?It's games like this that ensure my inner being that there is a God after all. And indeed, she is an vengful ♥♥♥♥♥. What'd I ever do to her anyway? This is why creators of universes should never be women. How you can trust anything that bleeds for 5 days and does not die is beyond me. God made me pluck down a dollar for this crap and I'm♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥at her for it.Gendertrification who? ;-) Thanks sperm donors, this game is what happens when kids are left to be raised by street nuns.I feel I should share the pain, so YES!! I highly recommed this game. If only to punish those who have gotten away with wasting game development time on such a 1968 rendered pos. Thank you for your support. Trump for president, of game development. Who's with me?"
,Not Recommended,401190,18103148,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,Dodger Rabbit,Game is garbage. There are several reasons it is unplayable. The cursor stays on the screen instead of disappearing. Headshots do the same damage as any other shot. Windowed mode is completely unplayable since the window will not capture the cursor.
,Not Recommended,401190,18123889,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,Stealthxero,"This game is a bad port of a mobile game. While you can have some fun moments watching the gameplay breakdown, it's not really worth it.Still don't beleive me? Watch my video of the game and see for yourself.https://youtu.be/gs11YP_5fD8"
,Recommended,401190,18198022,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Retrokaiser,You get to hunt Cecil the Lion.
76561198263993179,Recommended,401190,21285236,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Corneliu Zelea Codreanu,ALTHOUGH THIS GAME IS PACKED WITH GLITCHES BUGS AND HAS OBIOSLY ONLY HAD A FEW WEEKS F DEVELPMENT TIME IF THAT IT IS ACTUALY KINDA FUN TO PLAY.....
,Not Recommended,401190,21508279,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,●DЯ. ЯΣΛPΣЯ MΛП™●,This game...offends me...
76561198014036162,Not Recommended,401190,30645401,Posted: 20 March,all,(-SP-) Suny.d,"""Hunt""Yeah.... No."
76561198026737579,Recommended,401190,18648603,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Moodster,Best bad game I have EVER played! :P
,Not Recommended,401190,24302872,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Rex Draco,"This game is mediocre. It is only a dollar, but it's a dollar spent on something you'll likely never play. I would go in depth about WHY it sucks, but I think the price tag alone pretty much does all the talking. The developer pretty much given up on improving the game and the method of increasing positive reviews is now not about whether it's a good game or not but instead about whether it's worth what you paid for.To specify the meat of the game, it's generic in every way. The only thing special about it is dinosaurs, something lacking for some reason in the game industry. You defend against dinosaurs, you survive against dinosaurs, you progress. There isn't a huge amount of variety in content, nothing special makes this game have you play it over other games of the same genre. At the end of the day, you might give Orion a shot if you want to play a dinosaur game. Orion was♥♥♥♥♥♥ but the developer decided to improve the game instead of slapping on a low price tag. This game? It just slapped on a small price tag.I wish there was more to say, but that's probably the problem. This game offers nothing special, thus it's really difficult to really talk about. I played for 40 mins and I cannot help but notice other people playing it longer. How!?"
76561198180044902,Recommended,401190,23718137,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,specialops728,"it's ok, I like the concept it just lags to much even on minmun graphic settings. i keep teleporting every time i move, if you have a good computer get it if not don't then don't."
76561198099318827,Recommended,401190,23935745,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Boinz,"This is the best game i have ever played, no hesitating. I love this game so much that i bought all the dlc for 20€ to support the developers, because i love them so much for making this masterpiece of a game. Better than Fallout, Better than Witcher, this game has some of the best AI i have ever seen and the best gameplay and graphics, i guarantee you that you will never go back to the recent AAA games after playing this because this is so good. This is by far the best game i have ever played and you should definetely buy it and all the dlc because it makes it so fun."
76561198067954361,Recommended,401190,18166134,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Magnificent One,Who knew there were so many dinosaurs in Africa.
,Not Recommended,401190,30859430,Posted: 31 March,all,Stingygamer,♥♥♥♥ing horrible. Glitched to oblivion and terrible graphics. Clunky controls.
76561198090019113,Not Recommended,401190,31429715,Posted: 28 April,all,Cranny Faggots,Absolute trash
76561198331030801,Recommended,401190,28237637,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,erlo,Great little game for a fair price!Has all essentials for a funny shooter
76561198233042004,Not Recommended,401190,25541662,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,220734,Waste of money!!!
,Recommended,401190,24040890,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,CommanderFox| gamekit.com,This is a fun game i have played one hour and its fun to cut the dinosaurs with a katana :p
76561198123353995,Not Recommended,401190,25598740,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,abramswolfdriver,"I purchased this for only .88cents figuring. ""Hey, why not?""This game lags horribly bad. It can barely render on my computer and the weapons vanish out of your hands and you can't equip anything else to use. And the grenades don't do anything but light up everything in a little yellow glow.I thought it sounded like a pretty fun thing to play given the list of things that you received in this package but I couldn't even play it. Twelve minutes of running around with only infinite non leathel grenades and a pistol that constantly dissapeared or re appeared stuck in a endless loop of reloading movements."
,Recommended,401190,25796010,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,alt3ma,nothing  tripple a but still fun to play with friends or wene you dont know what to play and you wanna play a not so serious game
,Recommended,401190,21848543,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Orito,One of the best games ever made 10/10 IGNRacing games please do more updates to this gameit has potential because dinosaurs am i right guys?Cough cough no sarcasm
76561198170098893,Recommended,401190,23533050,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,SomeRandomFandomHopper,"This Game Like FearReaper9 Said BTW I Copy And Pasted This See, this game definitely isn't a good game. By any standards. If you only play games that you think are good, this isn't the game for you.That said, it you like games that are so bad that they're good, buy this game. Immediately. If you like things that are so bad they're good, and you skip this game, shame on you. This is the type of game you play with your friends and just laugh. The game's graphics are hilariously bad, the gameplay feels like it was taken right out of a Unity sample game. It has terrible ragdoll physics. The guns all basically play the same. The way the katana kills is hilarious. It's all perfect.So, like I said: if you don't like games that aren't good, don't play this. But, if you are someone (like me) who loves things that are so bad they're good, and you skip this, you should be ashamed of yourself. I got the game for about 45 or 46 cents on sale, and it's definitely worth at least that. Thats What I Think Off This Good Game *player models are ok*"
,Recommended,401190,18244762,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,FrewtyPebbles,Omg tities in your face 24/69 hail nitas wud bang again fist me daddy ur dad♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me <333333333333333333333333333333
,Recommended,401190,18529225,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Albino_34,game 10/10 kill zombies in game called dinosaur seems legit bst gam on stem i r8 8/8 no h8 cos of the gr8 graphics
,Recommended,401190,18519399,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Usurer,best thing to happen to gaming since pong
76561198269326904,Not Recommended,401190,31508671,Posted: 2 May,all,dg gamer2,that♥♥♥♥♥♥is laggy
,Not Recommended,401190,31477726,Posted: 30 April,all,AdamantiumFang,"This game was worth every cent i paid for it. All 97 of them. Seriously though, this game is awful. Just no."
,Recommended,401190,31486943,Posted: 1 May,all,HoneyCombHearts,"Great game to customize your profile with its unique achivements. As for the game itself, for the mear dollar pricepoint the game isnt bad, Its playable and It'll keep you about as entertained as you'd expect a game your buying for a dollar would."
76561198134862931,Recommended,401190,18760757,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Thor,I origonally bought this game fora laugh some time ago and was very disappointed as it had alot of promise.I never touched it againfor about 5-6 months but in that time therehas been a significant improovement. I have not as yet been able to try multiplayer but it is one of those games that is rough around the edgees but you could have alot of fun with friends playing it. You only really compete with the game and as such you dont feel you have to be better and better all the time.There are still some things I would love to see changed simply for gameplay but as is it is a solid cheap game to get to have a laugh with some friends. And considering it is about the same price as a chocolate bar it will be money well spentSumary: Still has a way to go but its getting there and at less than €1 you cant really go too far wrong.
,Not Recommended,401190,30306626,Posted: 3 March,all,Bloodlessninja,sssoooooooooo.... TOoOOOOOooOO many achievments and waaayyy toooo much gore but yet satisfieng
76561198047730259,Recommended,401190,26359279,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Guyver 4,would have to say iv not played that much yet but i can say it will be played a lot as i am finding it a fun pick up and play game over all i would give it a 6.5 out of 10.
,Recommended,401190,26520201,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,MakaPaka12323,Game For Banter
76561198041371892,Recommended,401190,31507940,Posted: 2 May,all,oh hey ms piggy,"Honestly probably the best £1.52 i've ever spent, if you were to buy the basegame alone, I'd recommend reconsidering and going for the full edition instead. It includes some instant classics such as 'gargoyle' and 'bacon' modes, aswell as the famous bronchosaurus boss battle.The game's rich story and campaign is enhanced by the effort that clearly went into designing the in-depth, 3 dimensional, wide spread maps that sprawl the length of various biomes, my personal favourite was the map that clearly had taken some ancient chinese influence. The random staircases that lead to nothing really enhanced the mystery as to why there were dinosaurs in ancient china at all?Overall I'd give this game a solid 12/10, and I am excited to try Dinosaur Forest at some point in the near future, the games sister-edition, which is rumoured to hold similar grand accolades of gaming achievement."
76561198197046398,Recommended,401190,30622267,Posted: 19 March,all,breakingfry2,"1st review ever.I left a nasty message.Turns out, I'm an ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.Thank for still caring about something you created.""Let's see if he really fixed this thing...""*Start New Campaign**Start With Pistol**Point Blank Execution of Fallow Deer**Deep Sigh of Relief*10/10Thank you."
76561198067075317,Recommended,401190,30671037,Posted: 22 March,all,DerpaKarp,This game has stunning graphics and gameplay ahead of its time. 10/10 would recommend to anyone.
,Recommended,401190,32411396,Posted: 14 June,all,Adv Roesa cs.money sucks,"This is one of the best games I have ever spent my 1$ on. The content you get is not much, but its enough, + if you are a badge / achievement collector this game is for you! it has 1081 achievements and you can get all of them within 30 minutes. press Q to toggle the flashlight.The game has some very beautiful achievement names, such as:SURVIVAL CAPTAIN Could you ring back? I have to keep this line open for sexBAD JOKE Do you want to sleep with other people?Strong people don't put others down. They lift them up and slam them on the ground for maximum damageIf i had a dollar for every gamer that found this game unattractive, they would eventually find it attractive.I'm great at multitasking. I can waste time, be unproductive, and procrastinate all at once.The in-game action is enough to keep you for roughly around 20-30 minutes depending on your sanity.  BTW, The DLC's do barely nothing I recommend not getting them10/10 would get 1081 achievements again"
76561198290390080,Recommended,401190,32822986,Posted: 26 June,all,Diggity Digg,Pretty dank
,Recommended,401190,32946336,Posted: 28 June,all,Azzy ゴ ゴ ゴ,Pure gold
76561198117794277,Not Recommended,401190,31413748,Posted: 28 April,all,♪♪kreker☢,"For fans to indulge in the cheek with his little friend (candy) , and not what you think ,you little Horny dwarfs ! The game is often laggy."
,Not Recommended,401190,32335115,Posted: 10 June,all,Piper,"Worst 50 cents I've ever spent. Awful gameplay, no online players, textures from who-knows-when, and more.It spams achievements so you can't refund the game. The achievements are ridiculous and they even taunt the quality of the game here and there.Do not buy this game. It is the worst game on the market."
,Not Recommended,401190,30416594,Posted: 9 March,all,Irongut,It was a fun little experience when I first bought it more than a year ago.  Then the game was redeveloped in a new engine with what seem like stock assets from who knows where.It became significantly less fun and tbh the newer technology was a massive downgrade to the original game.Now to notice the developer's approach to how achievements are continuously added to it is ridiculous.  What little indie game needs 1000+ achievements? Horrible.
,Recommended,401190,33285794,Posted: 5 July,all,Nudelbarn23,verry goodill give it 9/10Needs more achivements
76561198063652099,Recommended,401190,30459933,Posted: 11 March,all,BinaryBlacksmith,"If Morgan Freeman's voice and the autistic screeching meme had a baby, it would be this game."
,Recommended,401190,32411126,Posted: 14 June,all,LYON -1337-,"The game is♥♥♥♥♥♥ yet it was kinda fun for like one hour. Also you get♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of achievements, which is nice ... I guess"
76561198281773169,Not Recommended,401190,21105873,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,RealDonaldTrump46,"The trailer gave me AIDs, don't feel up to running for President anymore.  10/10edit: The game itself turned my AIDs cancerous, please stay away."
76561198219710453,Recommended,401190,22137634,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Chris Hansen,Imagine Goat Sim + hunting dinosaurs. Thats the game
76561198178934802,Recommended,401190,33552388,Posted: 14 July,all,Papa Jon,"Best Game ever, better then Payday and CS:GO 100% recommend, the game is so prefect its like it came from heaven"
,Recommended,401190,32277947,Posted: 8 June,all,KrigarNooben,"Fun, Gun Game."
,Recommended,401190,33500661,Posted: 13 July,all,milkfan1 🤔,Possible THE best FPS dinosaur hunting game I have ever played.
,Not Recommended,401190,19556548,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,NELSOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOON!,"A completely unfinished, glitchy, terribly desgined product. Has a total of MAYBE 4 songs that all sound like they were ripped off from the Shrek OST. Guns do either no damage or kill enemies in 1 hit. levels extend forever or crash randomly, ammo falls out of the sky, enemies spawn from thin air and you can make everything pop up on your HUD by pressing T, basically allowing an in-game wallhack.Stay far, FAR away from this game."
76561198076063480,Recommended,401190,21902330,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,🌠✪ObamaCare✪🌠,Great game 10/10
76561198364054123,Not Recommended,401190,31907952,Posted: 22 May,all,ProGamerGirl03,It's so laggy.
,Recommended,401190,31982281,Posted: 26 May,all,Slajden,"It's actually quite fun, but basically just bought it for the fast achievements."
,Not Recommended,401190,25776387,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,MagicBurrito,This game is♥♥♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥♥ graphics. ♥♥♥♥♥♥ gameplay. Dont buy this. It's stupid.
76561198029743332,Recommended,401190,33342653,Posted: 7 July,all,Dust,:steamsalty:
76561197975067576,Recommended,401190,31427454,Posted: 28 April,all,Flammable,Dinosaur Hunt is possibly the best game ever made. But seriously it's a lot of fun to shoot dinosaurs. :D
76561198308490890,Recommended,401190,33727045,Posted: 22 July,all,gould20,Play for a level up.
,Recommended,401190,21016435,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,|QIG| Dr. Xeno,"Not bad, but i say add someother things, dont think its worth 0.99 right now"
,Recommended,401190,33704900,Posted: 21 July,all,Caboose,Its like if CS Source and ARK had a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ love child that was abused its whole life until it tried to commit suicide but the bullet only scrapped the brain causing permanet damage and then had its own♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ love child with Garry's Mod which was dropped down a well and forgotten for all of its childhood and then was found and ignored for the rest of its life.
76561198068478720,Recommended,401190,29542505,Posted: 28 January,all,Zorid,"Another cheap game just to fill time when dont feel like a big game, not very good gfx but was alot of fun. worth the price 7/10"
,Recommended,401190,27014656,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Yogurt Bear,"Top tier entertainment, hopefully EA will take some lessons.Yours Truly,Mike Pence"
76561198058932328,Recommended,401190,29610966,Posted: 31 January,all,jakkatubes,"The epitome of ""It's that♥♥♥♥♥♥ it's good.""Silly sound effects, poor AI and a laughably clunky feel make this a suitably ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ game to play whilst your other games are downloading."
76561198303777821,Not Recommended,401190,29533120,Posted: 27 January,all,magicman7773,this game sucks. 1$ thats a joke this game should be free for how bad it is. cant see the other player walk graphics suck. dont buy and if you already did refund it imediatly
76561198296592515,Recommended,401190,29432220,Posted: 22 January,all,DEATH DESIGNER,i like this game nice dinosaure hunting game nice graphics  and just  relaxing
,Recommended,401190,26003183,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,aksdm994,Good game for it`s money! I wish good luck to developer!
,Recommended,401190,26002767,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,LandScrape™,"This game only costs 99 cents (!) but still manages to include:Wave-based survivalDinosaursGunsBugsJanky animationsTerrible voice actingWait... that sounds familiar, doesn't it?Yep, this game is basically ORION: Prelude."
,Recommended,401190,23983739,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,SuperAyzeek,Super!
,Recommended,401190,25988891,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Tutti Fruitti in the Booty,"needs fixes like locked in weapon crates(crates that you and the dinosaur cant move they tend to flip and ruin the weapons), weapons on the ground and in crates bug out,  a safe area in the tent, better animations and harder everywave"
,Recommended,401190,31218658,Posted: 18 April,all,$$$TH3 VVYNNER$$$ Hellcase,Cool game!
,Not Recommended,401190,21302496,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,xiaoming h1z1swap.com,It's good game...If you want to suffer.
76561198013895537,Recommended,401190,21414889,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Dark Maledictor,"It's cheap and unpolished and a little crap, but it is the best kind of crap. The over the top, exploding dinosaurs with an axe kind of crap.Detonated rabbits by shooting them.10/10Would detonate rabbits again."
,Recommended,401190,21326543,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,frichte,so♥♥♥♥♥♥it's good :D
,Not Recommended,401190,18081066,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,Dazo,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NnYd-CiT2yM&feature=youtu.beUmm pretty much this video gonna explain why not to watse your money and time on it
,Recommended,401190,26021673,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,WhisperedEnvy,I don't usualy like first person shooter games but this i can really get into and enjoy. <3
,Recommended,401190,34439522,Posted: 23 August,all,KucingPoi.co.uk,This game teach me how tu hunting the dinosauruz!!! Really aesthethic
76561198408671944,Recommended,401190,34648935,Posted: 31 August,all,DevlinBlack666,"Ok. I bought Dinosaur Hunt for 49 cents reduced from 99 cents... I wasn’t expecting a masterpiece. After I blew $1.23 on Wolfenstein and $2.49 on Painkiller Black Ed only to find out they didn’t offer controller support I thought to myself ‘why not? How much worse could it possibly get?’Dino Hunt is as tacky as it sounds. Graphics are much improved with the cartoon shader enabled, controls are terribly optimized for keyboard and controller alike, the soundtrack is the usual generic 80s thrash you’d expect. For 49 cents, do I give a T-rex sized♥♥♥♥♥♥ Not at all.It has potential to be better, the game is a wave-based shooter but dinosaurs seem as scarce as weapons… kind of counterintuitive. I’ve no idea what I’m doing, where to find weapons or even what I’m supposed to be shooting at. The game is obviously too ambitious for its own good. It’s a good concept, poorly executed though I wouldn’t go as far as to call it a poor man’s Turok.I have no doubt it would be 100x better if the controls were optimized better and the HUD looked cleaner. I can’t even read the mini-map it’s so small.  For a wave-based shooter that couldn’t even hold a candle to the original Killing Floor, the developer appears to make a lot of rookie design mistakes and the way the game hands out achievements well…I think the developer might have severe ADHD, autism or a very sexually neglected wife .I haven’t been able to make it past wave 2, through no fault of my own – it just feels clunky. The dinosaurs go from being non-existent to being right up in your face and finding a weapon other than the starting pistol seems needlessly hard.At this point I don’t care whether a game costs 49 cents or $49. The design is just laughably bad. Upon reflection I wonder to myself, was the developer such a genius that he designed the game to be so flawed purely to troll the player base? Is he making a statement about achievements in gaming culture by handing them out like confetti at a gay pride parade?Do I recommend this game? No. Could I? Yes.   You’ll be averaging more achievements than actual kills.  The value of these achievements I couldn’t honestly say.  I’m not even sure if this game has a point, or an end.  If you can be bothered to tweak every setting to suit your play style and you keep your expectations low you’ll have a good time with it.It delivers what it promises, and the cartoon shader makes it look like Borderlands: Jurassic Park and even if I thought the game was pure unadulterated garbage from either a technical or artistic standpoint, nothing can hold a candle to Duke Nukem Forever.  Dino Hunt is bad, it is by no means perfect but in no universe it is as bad as DNF.I could put a ½ hour into this ‘game’ or as I call it a wave based achievement simulator, never look at it again and not feel bad however for under a $1 I’d be tempted to buy a 4-pack and give it to all my friends because on some base level it’s one of those games that’s so-god-awful-terrible-its-awesome.Would I buy the over-priced downloadable content for the game? Probably not unless it was minimum 75% off. I’m really quite annoyed having to pay real money to hunt extra dinosaurs.  The publisher’s deluxe bundle is $18.76 on sale, which would mean $23.45 with the base game. $25 for content that should’ve been in the game in the first place anyway…The game was called Dinosaur Hunt, then it has the audacity to charge me extra to hunt more dinosaurs? If were a AAA title… maybe. This isn’t Turok though is it? It’s not Primal Carnage. It’s not even Far Cry Primal.  Dinosaur Hunt has a whopping 13 DLCs are all relatively cheap if I understand the publisher’s bundle correctly.To me that says the developer is either incredibly greedy or incredibly stupid and if 57% of the reviewers who’ve played Dinosaur Hunt hate it, I’d say to that to assume reception was ‘mixed’ is being quite generous.  Seriously who in the actual ♥♥♥♥ would pay more real money for a bunch of weapon skins and to hunt herbivorous dinosaurs at that?"
76561198144272903,Recommended,401190,34703461,Posted: 2 September,all,Blitz,It’s also worth pointing out that Soviet attacks weren’t simply massive human wave attacks of no tactical value.It’s also worth pointing out that Soviet attacks weren’t simply massive human wave attacks of no tactical value.It’s also worth pointing out that Soviet attacks weren’t simply massive human wave attacks of no tactical value.It’s also worth pointing out that Soviet attacks weren’t simply massive human wave attacks of no tactical value.It’s also worth pointing out that Soviet attacks weren’t simply massive human wave attacks of no tactical value.It’s also worth pointing out that Soviet attacks weren’t simply massive human wave attacks of no tactical value.It’s also worth pointing out that Soviet attacks weren’t simply massive human wave attacks of no tactical value.It’s also worth pointing out that Soviet attacks weren’t simply massive human wave attacks of no tactical value.It’s also worth pointing out that Soviet attacks weren’t simply massive human wave attacks of no tactical value.It’s also worth pointing out that Soviet attacks weren’t simply massive human wave attacks of no tactical value.
,Recommended,401190,34553804,Posted: 28 August,all,xz,Best game I've ever played.
76561198146748037,Recommended,401190,25202707,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,WorldHippo75,"I find it amazing that a game that started out as small as this on could garner such an amazing community and sell so well. It has had a lot of updates and has an amazing developer. I had bought this game for a few friends and myself a while back and we had some fun for a while, but this game truly is a gem! Now it has a custom soundstrack, showing my point further!**You have to remeber that it is 99 CENTS!!"
,Recommended,401190,34520931,Posted: 26 August,all,Splinkerton Forkendoggen,"Amazing game. The dynamic fog, lighting, music, and overall graphic fidelity is revolutionary for 2017 and has yet to be matched in any other game. Many patrician game reviewers agree that for it's time, Silent Hill 2 for the Xbox and Playstation 2 has the best narrative in a game. It's time to move on, because there is no way that you can argue that Silent Hill 2 has a better narrative than this game, other than the fact that Silent Hill 2 paved the way for strong narratives in games like this one. This is the best co-op experience since Left 4 Dead and I have had a blast playing this game. Gameplay is fun and dynamic with many different modes to play for singleplayer and multiplayer alike. One of the best parts of this game is that it is an amazing purchase for achievement hunters like myself. There are over 1081 achievements and gathering each achievement is difficult yet fair and is not tedious at all. The skill gap for experienced players is huge and gathering each achievement is where a skilled player is allowed to show off their prowess and mechanical skill. The game allows a good player to be good, whilst still allowing for more improvement. 10/10 best bang-for-your-buck game."
,Not Recommended,401190,34643554,Posted: 31 August,all,Vykeen,This game is super good but all the annoying achievments and the sex jokes are awful enough so I cannot recommend
,Recommended,401190,34650932,Posted: 31 August,all,Ares5933,This game is by far the best game ive ever played in my entire life
,Recommended,401190,34677138,Posted: 1 September,all,MUZIKLEAFZ,less than 1h can get all achievement......achievement still come out but my game already closed....and I don't know those achievement means.......but shooting dinosaur is fun so.......瞬间拿到所有成就，游戏关了右边成就还在跳.....不过莫名挺好玩的......7/10
76561198069960287,Not Recommended,401190,34488388,Posted: 25 August,all,Nicnac72,"do not get this game. even if it's on sale it's worth nothing. the graphics look like the inside of a toilet bowl and the gameplay is awful. If you like dinosaurs then get ARK, i've heard it's actually good."
,Recommended,401190,19529186,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Bill Nye the Destroyer,"""The new CS:GO"" - Your mum gaming"
,Recommended,401190,28413183,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,b0omhauer007,makes for a nice laid back game to play when i want to play something but not sure what.
,Recommended,401190,33987688,Posted: 3 August,all,♰Noxah✨Nukem♰,It's decent for 1 dollar. I'm just recommending it for the 1081 achievements you get by playing trough the campaign for about 20 minutes.
76561198154932042,Recommended,401190,34942064,Posted: 13 September,all,The Grease KING,"This game is absolutely everyting any gamer could ever wish forTo start, this game has a deep, exciting, story. It is easy to tell that the developer put extensive work into well-rounding the lore and the story.This games level and enemy design is absolutely FANTASTIC. The sheer detail and acuracy of all of the dinosaurs was unbelieveable. Especially the spinosaurus and allosaurus.The weapon design is also flawless and captivating. The double barrel shotgun and minigun looked fierce and deadly like all the other weapons. LOVED the detailsThe achievements of the game were challenging to obtain and felt rewarding when you finally got them. they were EPIC undertakings that any gamer would want to succeed in.I rate this game an indisputable amazing out of okay-ish. WAY MORE THAN I EVER EXPECTED! WOULD LOVE TO SEE MORE OF THESE GAMES!"
76561198135064652,Recommended,401190,34805230,Posted: 7 September,all,pusssybone,that's lit fam
,Recommended,401190,20860921,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Jums,the perfect game 10/10
76561198012276314,Recommended,401190,18495586,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,Pixel Paintbrush,"Quite a decent Budget shooter.   It's not 4A, not 2a, maybe not even ""A""  but it IS a really neat arcade shooter that's not to be missed!, the dev is active with this game and while absolutely stupid as hell, this game is also fun as hell.   It's basically a slaughterfest, no real goals, no story, just shoot Shoot SHOOT! it's easily worth that $1  not sure if the game started as a side project, a joke, or a learning experience for the devs, but what it does do is entertain for short 20 minute bursts.  I can't wait to try Multiplayer out later to see how that works out!"
76561198391728611,Not Recommended,401190,34857939,Posted: 10 September,all,IndoxToToxic,What the ♥♥♥♥...
76561198277345639,Not Recommended,401190,34870838,Posted: 10 September,all,slow rick farmskins.com,bad game. nothing like the videos
,Recommended,401190,34873825,Posted: 10 September,all,LemonMadness,This is one of the best games I've ever bought.I'm not even joking: it's a living meme.Must have 10triceratops/10
76561198042940307,Recommended,401190,19147383,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,Arnold SchwarzeNigga,"Honestly this game is pretty neat, 0.69$ for a game is an amazing price and the devs are really trying hard to make this an enjoyable experience (although it already kinda is). Great price for a game like this, not something you could sit infront of for ages, but still a fun game if you have nothing to do. Great alternative if i get mad at WoT..."
,Recommended,401190,18843629,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Daddio,"Started this game way back when, periodically check back in, the devoloper has been doing work! He listens to the community and the game just keeps getting better."
76561198157178196,Recommended,401190,19080559,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,FrostBight,"If you're looking for an amazing story, this game is not for you. If you want extremely sharp and polished graphics, this is not for you. While this game is not perfect, it is fun. For $1 you can kill dinosaurs with various weapons and unlock new weapons to do the same. i've bought the game and it's 2 current DLCs and overall it has been worth it. The game is far from AAA quality, but it is fun."
76561198216316681,Recommended,401190,18931544,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,fixi_88,Nice game.. certainly for that kind of money.
76561198113833439,Recommended,401190,18991534,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,ollyeta,"Dinosaur Hunt Africa WeeeeeeeeHaaaaaar! Now lots have put this down! Why? I realy like  it :) yes its not the best dino game out their but i do see what the dev is trying to do here. Bugs! Bugs! so what!! in the past two days ive had more updates to the game, and now got the DLC for this. 4.3 Hours play to date and will play more :). To the dev thanks for your game but if you can tweak some thing`s like thud sound`s to some of the dino`s and more enviroment sound`s added this would make so so better, I like to play with no music to get a better feel for the imersion of the game if you understand what i mean? maybe some sound`s of wind, and when walking through grass the sound of my feet would change. Well done. :) Oh! one last thing the map can switch on and off :) can we have a switch the hud on and off too? :) this game is fun to play if you like dinos like me ha!!.Gfx 7/10 well drawn nice lighting, some maps need work.Sound 6/10 ok could do with some additions :)Game fast good shooting no lag on my system :)Updates regular :)Bugs yes so what!Price cheap :) worth itDlc yes :) hope to see more :)Fun yes :)"
76561198059675972,Recommended,401190,18993021,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,Braixen - lvl100,"Saw a Spinosaurus walk on water in the middle of the ocean... 10/10 !!!But seriously, this be my second play of the game and i wont lie. Its been massively updated. It's far better then before but its still lacking a lot. For one theres no sounds. other then gun shots, foot steps and roars. Even if there were I would not of heard them, seeing as I had to turn my speakers almost all the way down do to the annoyingly loud foot steps and gun shots. However dinos will now give full chase on you once disturbed and are VERY over powered. Two hits from spino and I was done, although I did not see an animation when he hit me so he basicly killed me by poking me with his snout. The menu is very quick and simple which I like and has very fast load times. However I could not find any in depth options for the life of me like aim speed. all in all the game is very much improved and is now well worth what I bought it for.""BUT"" its very quite with very few sounds at very high volume, Its hard and the dinos take way to much bullets to the head to die. I felt more like I was playing some prehistoric screen saver flash game then an atcual dino hunt game.final word is 5/10Worth having for a quicky game if you have a 5 minute break or lunch.."
,Recommended,401190,24736172,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,ItsPatty | gamekit.com,"Considering the low price, Its definitely worth the $. I bought it on sale for 54 Cents and thats a great deal taking to account all the things that come with this game. Graphics are good. Gameplay is fun, Altough glitchy, Guess thats why its so cheap. Multiplayer, although no servers. Im sure if you got with your friends it could be a decent amount of fun. Dinosaurs need to be updated to be slightly harder, maybe add some blood. Not too much though. The gun availability is great. Gun Mechanics are decent. Dinosaurs if threatened only run straight at you though, so Headshots are quite easy. Even despite all these flaws, for 54 Cents? Grab it my friend. Its still great fun and I didn't regret buying it. I haven't even finished the game and I've had alot of fun with it. One more thing. I like how the night looks when it comes by. So Beautiful."
76561198206358379,Not Recommended,401190,34344750,Posted: 19 August,all,cotcasek,its hord mode
76561198017248458,Recommended,401190,21224436,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Kim Joong Dong,this game ddosed me10/10
76561198074490600,Recommended,401190,21566706,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,drop777.com¤gametame.com[35],its a fine game could use more updates i got it for 0.37 if there are cooming some more updates it gotta be a fine game for the price
,Recommended,401190,21273995,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,wsyp,I actually kind of enjoyed the game even though I bought it just for trading cards.My ratings at the moment is 6/10 +1 for trading cards!
76561198129279604,Recommended,401190,23225390,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Whore Owl,best game overwatch killer
76561198071604692,Recommended,401190,23192404,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,D0M1N80R,"A lot like Turok, but a tad glitchier. But totally worth it for the price. And there's co-op!"
76561198060584400,Recommended,401190,18172818,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Dial D for Dobly,"Do you like Dinosaurs? Do you like big guns? Do you like repetitive levels? Well if you awnsered yes to any of the questions above, then this is your game! Extreme fast paced action coupled with awesome awkard controls will create a level of immersion that one has not seen before! I would recomend this game to my mum, I would recomend it to my family, heck I would even recomend it to a dog. If you haven't bought this game yet, then you need to, you haven't lived till you play Dinosaur Hunt: Africa ContractPROS:-Fast Exciting Gameplay-Easy to use control-Can Run on potato-Great Price Value-Easily 100 hours of gameplay-Teaches you about the many different Species of Dinosaurs-Many Different Guns-Non Repitive Gameplay-Constant Updates with exciting new gameplayCONS:-THERE ARE NONEOVERALL:This is easily the best game I've played in all of my life and I would recomend it to everyone!"
76561198069505286,Recommended,401190,23183122,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,mr.oliborg,this is a fantastic game.after the recent updateds the game got extremely good
76561198152843881,Not Recommended,401190,25050311,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Adam Botha,ok so i try to play with my friend but it did not workbut by myself it is good5/10
,Recommended,401190,32241419,Posted: 7 June,all,Selnik :),Love it <3
76561198308148665,Recommended,401190,33386769,Posted: 8 July,all,Altis Spinax(Trading RL),This game was a solid buy for .99$. Updates rendered it unplayable.
,Not Recommended,401190,18420685,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,You'll Float Too,WHATTTT ARE THOOOSEE?
,Not Recommended,401190,21858443,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Splat Tim,"I bought this for like 18 cents or what. I would call this game ""18 cents of dissapointment"" because this is literally the worst game I ever played."
76561198086426122,Recommended,401190,25320547,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,stefan13261,"Cant see my friend in COOP, Dinos don't have brains and this game needs alot of improvement but has alot of potential."
76561198221371780,Recommended,401190,25448279,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,FireWalkWithMe,"THey've completly re-made this game, new graphics and everything! Multiplayer finally works too. Cheap, fun, worth it."
,Recommended,401190,21038415,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Bronut,"Achievements for those true hardcore gamers, affordable and well-thought out DLC, rifles with spray control comparable to Counter Strike, what more could you want?"
,Recommended,401190,32985186,Posted: 29 June,all,HumanLunchMeat,what is this....
76561198355028136,Not Recommended,401190,33022097,Posted: 29 June,all,FrankDaMLGGod,♥♥♥♥♥
76561198118658946,Not Recommended,401190,23102154,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,busky42,fails to launch when it dose run it crashes a lot has clunky controls have tried KB and M and 360 joy pad and both are awfull even in sale this game is somthing i would not recomend all i got to play was one game and when i died the game crashed  buyer beware this game has issues. and so do i !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198028043802,Recommended,401190,23618416,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,The Galaxy Invader,the coolist♥♥♥♥♥♥since Drive Angry 3D
76561198018884216,Not Recommended,401190,33019014,Posted: 29 June,all,Hyking,meh
,Recommended,401190,18424976,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,zerohurt,"It did what the Dev said it would make me laugh ..thankyou ..On another note its better than a lot of these 20 quid early access survival junk titles that lie about what they are,no lies here just a good cheap time waster ..3 thumbs up matey ;)"
,Recommended,401190,30715503,Posted: 24 March,all,Rettungssocke,"Well this Game is a bit trashy but cheap,has alot of Game Modes,12 in total including Campaigne,Survival Mode,Hunting Mode and so on! It has alot of weird Achievement Titles,tons of Weapons (at least if you got the DLC´s),nice music.It feels a little bit like Serious Sam but with Dinosaurs :D Worth buying? Yass!!!!"
,Recommended,401190,23373595,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,UwU,"THIS IS THE BEST GAME ABOUT HUNTING DINOS IVE EVER PLAYED 10/10 YAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAWhen I first downloaded this game I wasnt expecting much considering it had mixed reviews, but after the first level, I ♥♥♥♥ed everywhere. my mum came into my room and ♥♥♥♥ed because of it. my father, who was a monk, came into the room and thrused his♥♥♥♥♥♥into the outlet. I electricuted him, leaving behind a large quantity of ♥♥♥♥ in the outlet. He died saying,""CHARGIN' UP""This is the single best game i have ever played. THANK YOU"
,Not Recommended,401190,25465407,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,ॐ Ŵ Ĩ Ł Ł,"If you like buy garbage, buy this game!"
76561198286620532,Recommended,401190,30797622,Posted: 28 March,all,selver_zenica,GREAT GAME OK
,Recommended,401190,18097320,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,HmmmNice,Sickest game i have ever played. it has all you will ever need.Pros:Flying dinosaurssexy graphicsbetter than cod and halo combinedCons:Non realy
,Recommended,401190,18576750,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Thrax™,This would have to be one of the Best Worst Games ever made.It's so Downright Bad that its Fun.9/11 Praise Allah & The Dark Lord ChinChin. -IGN
76561198003539813,Recommended,401190,30434841,Posted: 10 March,all,⟹Kairo the Dino⟸,Dinosaurs.
76561197995202357,Recommended,401190,25775725,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,CrashDefeat,What pisses me off is that I can't buy this game and gift it to my son.  I also can't buy the Diamond Edition Pack nor the Gold Edition Pack as gifts.  What the !@#$!#$!$.   Love the game and enjoy it.
76561198344136543,Not Recommended,401190,30898611,Posted: 2 April,all,the expert,the defenition of garbage
76561198237940332,Recommended,401190,18344832,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Xd,wonderful game its in itself a pure art of history in world of dinosaurs the game tells excatly how dinosaurs used to walk in jurasic park they move so smoothly it looks like i am playing 3d game with 4k monitor totally amasing game would rate 5/5 suggesting for everyone
,Recommended,401190,18127735,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,Grahamoth,"This game is wonderfully made.Ever wanted guns that feel like shooting a wet paper bag? This game has itEver wanted misleading ammo counters? ♥♥♥♥ing checkLittle health and nothing to do about it? BingoFloating dinosaurs? You betWant rocket launchers that sound and work like shotguns and a 7500 coin weapons (at 250 coin per mission kill) that does less damage than most guns in the game? Of course you doSeriously, this game is absolute♥♥♥♥♥♥ It started with the worst keybindings in the world and there was nothing you could do about it but press E to run and Right-click to reload. But to be honest, I haven't had more fun finding bugs in a broken♥♥♥♥♥game that only cost me 60 cents. That's right, A whopping 60 goddamn cents is all this cost and I have been laughing at the dumkbest things that happen in this game. Dinosaurs spawning on top of each other, weapons that don't have models, and maps becoming blank for no reason. Seriously, someone call TotalBiscuit and let him see the gun models in this game, he will rant his lungs dry.Good game/10, bugged dino mechanics. Can't wait for the next patch and the sequel.And because buying this game pushes patches, I have spent an astounding $2.40 and ""gifted"" it to all my friends with the addition of a flood of messages like ""What the F--K is this?"" and ""What amd I playing"" and also ""Why is the ADS for the shotgun way off?""Don't take the game seriously by any means whatsoever. The dev added some patches and bug fixes but there are so many and like the description says, If you were looking for a top-notch game, you are in the horribly wrong place.This is The Slaughtering Grounds with actual working AI and is worth how much it is. You could buy a bottle of soda, or 4 copies of this game; a nice date with your girlfriend (assuming you don't spend an eternity in this game) or enjoy your life."
,Recommended,401190,18281096,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,whiffers,"The games multiplayer worked brilliantly! First of all it didn't exist. The guns in this game are next level, alike games such as anything made in unity with a creator who found the assets off a cheeky youtube video made by the underground russian mafia. Next, the UI. You know when you were 8 and you used picnik to edit your facebook photos as you were unable to usepaint.net, the dev took inspiration! The dinosaurs were awesome, you have the choice to either put around 3000 shots into a Dino to kill or you can just one shot headshot it! This game is wonderful if you're looking for a good 2 and half minutes of fun in a multiplayer server by your self with exploding dinosaurs. Overall I do feel like I need to re-evaluate my life, this game is like relapsing on crokodil. Thanks, folks."
,Recommended,401190,26072766,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Call me Faggot,"49cent, would recommend10/10 IGN"
,Recommended,401190,29005177,Posted: 4 January,all,Moustafa ELwasif,Better then Orion: Prelude
,Recommended,401190,18177371,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Cal,I fell off the ♥♥♥♥ing map!10/10 IGN
76561198044229474,Recommended,401190,20482654,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,"Oh look, JJ is here! (AFK)","I bought the title back when it was africa hunt, and i followed the evolution of this title. From staggered movement and a barely stalling campaign, this has shown true potential and growth. I like the DLC feed to continue the lifeblood, and i love the touched up achievement sheet making me want to return.I can thumbs this up, after the changes made. GG and WP. Worth a look."
,Recommended,401190,18086016,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,Super Sneaky Cream Puff,Best game 2015
,Recommended,401190,30132720,Posted: 23 February,all,Eris!,"Having experienced Dinosaur Hunt and the other games created by Racing Bros, I can say without any doubt that these are among the finest shovelware EXPERIENCES ever made. Not games. No, they're so much more than games. They're a journey through stock assets, crude controls, abysmal visuals, and astounding writing.This is failure and mediocrity at its absolute finest. I give it my highest recommendation.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZZLqnij_Rww&list=PLlQHFEvV52W7C9CDg-Xnk_vpwiLIi73Vs"
,Not Recommended,401190,19531731,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Kreisi,"Cheap Call of Duty ZombiesBTW, bad game"
,Recommended,401190,18090468,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,Obi-Wez Kenobi,"Ok... This game gets hate, but atleast they tried. I mean, theres worse out there."
,Recommended,401190,18127154,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,Trevader24135,"Easy to say, not the best game I've ever played. you get what you pay for. However, with it being a brand new game, I get what I paid for, AND MORE! this game has lots of potential. give it a campaign mode, make the dinosaurs faster, give them special traits (ankylo and triceritops = SUPER tanky, medium damage, Velociraptor = Extreme damage and low health(also VERY fast, maybe multiple at once, brontosaur: medium on both, etc) things like that would make this game AMAZING. maybe even add multiplayer hunts! I would like to see larger maps, more maps, and maybe a randomize option. better controls, and menu would also be great. the store kind of sucks right now, so a better model of a store, and money would be good. OVERALL: AS OF 9/20/15, I give this game a 5/10. I would reccomend getting this game sooner rather than later, as it will probably cost more when new content is added. This game will be super fun and I am excited!"
,Not Recommended,401190,27434296,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Schneider,เกมกาก อย่าไปซื้อ
,Not Recommended,401190,25881402,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,🎃 Spooky Eggs 🎃,extinct me
,Recommended,401190,33239757,Posted: 4 July,all,INTERNET GIRLFRIEND,probly the best game i have ever played great graphics fun mechcanics and big dinosaur tities
76561198119383541,Recommended,401190,29246335,Posted: 14 January,all,KennyX,"Haha, really fun game to cool off"
76561198000457125,Recommended,401190,33183846,Posted: 3 July,all,Storn,DINOSAUR EVERYWHERE THIS GAME IS ♥♥♥♥ING WEIRD
,Not Recommended,401190,24971168,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,DWADMINRyukotsusei,"THIS DOWNLOAD DOESNT WORK!! I downloaded it and it took forever, and I was pretty excited at first when it opened up because the graphics were pretty good for this kind of game. so I click load, the suspense is building and if my mouse hand had a mouth it would have been drooling. The game takes 20 minutes to download and by this time I had faded into patiently watching Netflix while I tried to contain myself from bursting through to my computer's little brain and screaming and shaking it like an hateful stepmother shakes their now neglected stepchild for getting a fleck of mud on her new amoir. I hear a manly voice and helicopters. It wasnt from Bob's Burgers so my heart leapt with excitement as I nearly tripped over myself groping for my computer. I grab the mouse and click and low and behold! The game has begun and it looks FANTASTIC. Then suddenly, it begins to load the first action sequence, and everything freezes. So I wait... and I wait.... and you guys dont want to know what occured after that!"
,Recommended,401190,18084295,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,Daddy's Little Girl,What is this game...
,Recommended,401190,30758363,Posted: 26 March,all,Tischgehirn,Bought this for 50 cents. For this it is ok. Thumbs up for the support from the developers side :)
,Recommended,401190,25488063,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,LuckyVirus,Not a bad game....
,Recommended,401190,25492335,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,report fucker,"OMG THIS IS THE BEST GAME EVER!!!!I was wwatching Anomaly stream, and he was playing this stuff. And i'm like ""Hey, i wanna buy this game at Summer Sale for 50 cents,my dude"", yes, 50cent my dude.So yeah. Definitely this game so much fun then ""Digger Online"" or Dota 2... Just kidding Dota is just a crap. GOT EM'!!!"
,Recommended,401190,31534887,Posted: 3 May,all,Zorua,"A fun little dinosaur game, thats cheap and full of achievements"
,Recommended,401190,21326845,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Tonkinese,A fun silly game that gets better with each update and now it has a minigun
76561197971482266,Not Recommended,401190,18152964,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,GoreBringer,no mouse seesitivty
,Recommended,401190,19425412,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,PICKLE RICKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKK XD,"You know what, for a game that's less than a single freakin' £, I don't think you can♥♥♥♥♥♥talk this game.Sure, this game may not be perfect (and trust me, it's not.) but that doesn't mean that's it a ""bad game"".I think you should give this game a try, it'll be worth it."
,Recommended,401190,24587446,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Grande,"Very fun game, I bought a few copies for my pals. It has some quirks but nothing is perfect. Only major issue is most times I begin a campaign it'll crash the first try or two."
76561198154279957,Recommended,401190,23818886,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,orionHATESGAMES,hey thats pretty good
,Not Recommended,401190,23026772,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Zapoke,"I would play it and probably like it...If it didn't crash everytime it loaded the game (Or in the cutscenes!!)Sorry to devs, but I'd have to give it a no."
,Recommended,401190,30226066,Posted: 27 February,all,Maggi Würze ☭,Good Game Easy
76561198155953992,Recommended,401190,30353916,Posted: 6 March,all,AznRiceFiend,"This is a very repetitive game. Gets dull after only a few minutes. Considering the price though, it's not a terrible game. It kept me entertained for a little bit."
,Not Recommended,401190,23128353,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,AO✦ schyena |LOOKING TO TRADE|,"This is a very bad game, poor graphics, poor settings, wasn't able to move at all. DO NOT BUY THIS BAD GAME! I was very upset!"
,Not Recommended,401190,30413507,Posted: 9 March,all,Wild Bullfango Of The West,"Dinosaur Hunt	* 3/10I'll be honest. I've just bought this game for the badass soundtrack heard in the trailer. I hoped to find it in some folder. After all the game was sold for very few bucks, it's and FPS, there are dinosaurs, so I thought ""Why not?"". Because reasons...Dinosaur Hunt is a very simple FPS arena where you're in the middle of big open space arenas like jungles, deserts, small villages, destroyed town and so on. You fight a fistful of different Dinosaurs. End of the gameplay description, simple as that. You can play in coop with friends or online, of course but for some reason I wasn't able to find any server or player at all. I didn't inquire further because I wasn't really interested.Anyways that's not the first problem or bug in the game as the game seems nothing but a draft. In Single Player Campaign you see random cutscenes made of static pictures and a voice is blabbering about stuff. Obviously no subtitles are included. Seems legit to me. Every time you start the game in the arena you find right next to you boxes with weapons, some ammos and medikits. For no reason at all every time you spawn in the map there is an explosion right next to you and items might fly away. This doesn't help at all the fact that it's kind of odd and hard to aim the weapon or medikit you want to pick up to press use (yes, even medikits and ammo has to be taken, walking on them won't do anything at all), as the ""pickup icon"" appears kind of randomly and if weapons fly all over the place piling one over the other that's more than useless: that's dumb. But the game can be dumber than that. It's irrelevant that the game will bother you for achievements for EVERY SINGLE ACTION you do, but as you proceed with the game you gain points which will automatically reward youwith new weapons at the beginning of the arena. So this means more weapons will be tidily shown up, right? nope, they'll be randomly thrown all over there. And that's al*BOOOMMMM*. Yes, I forgot the explosion, they're all messed around...Enemies AI is plain, dinosaurs will just run towards you and you'll just take them down without too much effort. You could virtually go on forever until you end ammos, if the game wasn't so boring without even an enemy representing a real thread to you.The game is a draft, as I already sadi before. In game you press ESC to open the menu and maybe tweak a couple of options, but if you don't click on ""back/Resume"" with the cursor and directly hit ESC instead, you will end up with the game proceeding but with the menu still showing up.The game is a draft with ridiculous problems, such as the rocket launcher... Or should I call it ""Sniper Boomer""... Yeah, the rocket launcher simply has a shooting sound unedited and badly balanced that will make your speakers clip and bleed. But no rocket will show up. No explosion will happen. The rocket launcher works like a damn gun. Why, God, why?Like I said I bought this game for the music. Guess what? Disappeared. In place of that there was a boring plain atmospheric bunch of tunes... Luckily with a recent patch they brought the Metal music back, but, again Why? Why taking them out them bringing them back keeping both kind of musics and allowing the player to choose between the two genres? Unluckily for me I wasn't able to find any music track. They claim to have the soundtrack available for free download in their website. Too bad it's the atmospheric soundtrack...that's all... Actually not. Icing on the cake? The engine is Unity! OK, actually I have nothing to say about unity this round, but the details for maps, weapons, dinosaurs ( fistful, really) is not that great.+++PROs+++SOUNDTRACK. The metal one, of course...---CONs---DRAFT. This game is nothing but a draft. A plain gameplay, with buggy menus, plain AI, game mechanics broken and unbalanced. If you buy this game you will pay to get bored.ACHIEVEMENTS. Really? An achievement for every single weapon you pick up and every map you visit? There are a huge bunch of weapons... And most of them are the same... Just why?I played this game on this machine:Intel Core i7-497016Gb RAM DDR3GeForce GTX 660Windows 10 Professional x64"
76561198289397290,Not Recommended,401190,29074367,Posted: 6 January,all,DEV1L,IT WASTED MY ♥♥♥♥ING MONEYNOBODY PLAYS IT
,Not Recommended,401190,28993384,Posted: 3 January,all,Troop98,"This game is somehow worse than my life, how could this happen?(The devs added an achievment named after that, thanks papa developer)"
76561198173756138,Not Recommended,401190,24728382,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Bread Zepplin,"This game is a total waste of money. The story wouldn't even load, there's a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of bugs, and the gameplay that you do get sucks even worse than the bugs. 0/10"
,Recommended,401190,30666888,Posted: 22 March,all,J. 👽,4.5/10
,Not Recommended,401190,28894720,Posted: 1 January,all,๖ۣۜƒℓαяєσ๖ۜ༻,SUCKSI wasted my money expecting to have a good game of dinosaurs but it sucks dont download
,Not Recommended,401190,28871685,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Reaperinow,I buyed it but didn't liked it. looks nice but when you play you don't think the same now its in my games library gainning dust
76561198112254747,Recommended,401190,33404626,Posted: 9 July,all,libront,wow
,Recommended,401190,33720014,Posted: 22 July,all,mycroftkiller,"I searched for this game on AltaVista, but they didn't have it because the game was too new and the graphics were too good."
,Recommended,401190,26837486,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,ᖫⓓⓘⓖⓘⓣⓨᖭ,fun
76561198117325300,Recommended,401190,28093743,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,NACHOZ,The game is really fun but it needs a nerf to the Katana (It is to overpowered).
76561198152336324,Recommended,401190,23540828,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,TheRealHulkHogan,The only thing more exciting than this game is pulling back your foreskin to find Madeleine McCann's ashes
,Recommended,401190,18083076,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,Blue Robin,The most overpowered handgun since the magnum in Halo:CEhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mrwQ-JtdRDY
,Recommended,401190,33734951,Posted: 22 July,all,Alice In 8bit,"I am really tore by this game, It's ""The Room"" of games it's terrible it does everything wrong but somehow it's fun. I don't know what it is about this game but even though it's terrible it's still worth playing it's dumb fun killing a bunch of dinosaurs and in no time you'll have a huge pile of weapons too pick too kill them. It is bad and you will get bored but it's one of those games that you have too play too believe.Pros+ A ton of weapons+ An Hour of Dumb Fun+ Easy Achievements (If you are into that)+ Steam Trading Cards (If you are into that)Cons- Long Loading Times- The Dinosaurs Are Either Too Easy Or Too Hard- The Maps Are Boring- Glitches (Not sure Pro or Con because the glitches can be funny)All in all this game is an polished turd you'll have abit of fun for up too an hour but then the novelity wears off but the game is cheap so actually i oddly recommend it :)"
,Recommended,401190,33820290,Posted: 26 July,all,Feel My Walrus | CSGOgem.com,"Enjoyable to take a break from reg shooters, and blaze up some bots. Gr8 community work."
,Recommended,401190,26239730,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Corbinho,"Honestly this game when I first got it was a♥♥♥♥♥♥show, but the devs are updating it quite frequently so watch out, this gonna be the next call of duty.Edit: April 3rd 2017, easiest 1081 achievements of my life."
76561198198794294,Recommended,401190,31684486,Posted: 11 May,all,ToxicSaltyDog HellCase.Com ツ,yeah its ok
76561198175127865,Recommended,401190,25954136,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Codstaman_89,"This game is AMAZING I cant stop playing it, keep up the work and i think this game will be really good.there are some minor problems such as Scopes do not line up correctly. AND i would also like to see a mode were you can have a tick box on multi player when hosting a game to be able to control what dinosaurs spawn in such as the Spinosaurus or the Grey T-Rex. I Highly recommend this game if you are into hunting and slaying beasts, it gives you quite a rush."
,Recommended,401190,31222511,Posted: 18 April,all,ＣｏｏｋｉｅＭａｚｅ,"I really enjoyed my short playthrough of this game due toAwesome AchievementsBeautiful/aesthetic map designSimple fun FPS actionI will post this review on the store page of Dinosaur Forest, Machine Hunt and Survival Zombies The Inverted Evolutionas well because they are pretty much the same games, but with different levels and stuff to do of course"
76561197992492004,Not Recommended,401190,29992790,Posted: 17 February,all,Ninja Gaiden,Failed after play. It's not like intro on steam. Not recommend to purchase for anyone
76561198257869030,Not Recommended,401190,29911940,Posted: 13 February,all,Imladris,Don'tBuyThis♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,401190,24746876,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Pattern Detections,sucks as ♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,401190,31131889,Posted: 14 April,all,M O T O K O,This is just the worst game ever.Dino's spawn randomly next to you.Bad gameplay and AI
76561198056667928,Not Recommended,401190,18078011,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,IIIxCoserIII,"This game is like what you hunt, a dinosaur. 10/10 would click outside of screen again."
76561198105065307,Recommended,401190,18187491,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Gay Jew rapes Child with acorn,This game reminded me of my african boy soldier days. 10/10 would bang again.
,Recommended,401190,33918687,Posted: 30 July,all,sam,quality game. achievements are fuego
76561198204386747,Not Recommended,401190,30782514,Posted: 27 March,all,m0kebe,Come on.. This is unplayable
,Recommended,401190,26444165,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,SunflowerTwix,"Honestly, this game is awesome. If you're going for realism though, go and join the army (and imagine the enemies as dinosaurs...)Anyway, I guess this kinda' fits into a 2003-04 styled game? (even though released in 2015) I got it in a bundle (I think) and I'm glad I did. I had a lot of fun in it so far! The whole multiplayer concept is a bit strange however, I didn't know if I was clicking on a server browser or hosting one. Still didn't know what i was doing. lol. Anyway, I spent about 30minutes in multiplayer (though I was by myself) working out how everything works, wave after wave. Nazi Dinosaurs.After that I went to the main menu, noticed there was a single player mode. ""Huh,"" I thought, ""an odd game for single player. But okai!"" off I went. It has a whole storyline and all! Sure the gameplay is a bit repetitive (wave style multiplayer/ target based single player) but all in all it was a lot of fun!The dodgyness of it makes it so much fun too! You can Skyrim-jump any mountain, if you throw a grenade and jump at the exact same time, it throws you into the air with the grenade! (like promod nade-strat mode)After my enjoyable time in Single Player Mode, I went back to the main menu and the ""extras"" caught my eye. That's when I noticed you can replace dinosaurs with heaps of stuff! Zombies, aliens, cows?!!!! All true! It's awesome!Dear ANPA.US (Developer), I really do feel like this game started off as a project for school/college for an assessment then you turned it into a full pledge working game based off old-school shooters.NOW THE BEST PART OF THIS GAME!!! IT OUT-DOES COUNTER STRIKE!!! IT HAS AIM DOWN SIGHTS ON ALL GUNS!!!!!!!!!!!"
,Recommended,401190,22227939,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,bunnygum,With all the new updates this is actually worth the doller now xD.  But seriously it is actually pretty fun for being a $1 game.
,Recommended,401190,25354325,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Rambow145,"I have seen this game when it was new and seen this game when it was broke! I see they fix and update this game close to everyday! So if something is wrong I see it gets fixed fast! I like this game it is a good game to past the time and I think the mp is being worked out now! I have bought this game many times for give aways! And at the start of this games life the devs said this game is not much, This game has came along better then some $40 games I have bought! lolhttps://youtu.be/DpP4y98Fr7w"
,Recommended,401190,18400786,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,Pirate Platypus,"Costs as much as Orion Prelude (which is better), but still, even this game is better then ARK"
76561198083004730,Recommended,401190,18179751,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Sweet T.,"The game had everything it needed, Dinos the same sound for every dino, glitchy dino killings, and best of all, its only $1!! Why spend lots of money in COD or CSGO when this has everything! and just when it cant get better the zombies are highly detailed and fun to play."
76561198202679163,Recommended,401190,21660805,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Dr. Jones,BEST GAME I'VE EVER PLAYED!!!! Reminds me of Africa and when i♥♥♥♥♥♥myself in-game like i did in Africa. I recived a loving gift of every cancer know to man kind right when i loaded up the game. Upon playing it more the cancer got worse and ended up like my family.... ridded with cancer. Aiming is the most real i've ever seen in any triple A game on the market. would rate 1042069/10. I will grind and get 100+ hours on this game and invest all the time and money i have into this game.
,Recommended,401190,23266689,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Master Wu,"This game is absolutly fantastic, but the co op and multiplayer needs a little work so it has privatly hosted games ect... but other than that i would recommend this to all of my friends <3"
,Recommended,401190,18789063,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Tafara12,lel
76561198083481197,Recommended,401190,32995460,Posted: 29 June,all,Fuck The Revival,♥♥♥♥
76561198276706251,Recommended,401190,23140944,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,dragonfire674,good game worth the money must buy good guns and playthrough
,Recommended,401190,25916911,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Alpha Wolf™,Played 1 round so far. That T-rex sound made me think it was coming to gobble me up.Gameplay though is a bit wonky. I had to turn the mouse sensitivity almost down to nothing. Not to mention getting stuck on nothing at all. lol10/10 just for the T-rex sound.
,Not Recommended,401190,29756715,Posted: 6 February,all,Paar'nahkrin,"NOT RECOMMENDED, as usual, early acces, lot of word, then dlc, no upgrade and achievements scam for money"
,Recommended,401190,25707706,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,Gavrillafzya,nott badd
,Recommended,401190,18468216,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,CHiDvD | Thrive,"Zombie mode is better than COD Mod, just for 1$ (you get an girlfriend too)."
,Recommended,401190,29778156,Posted: 8 February,all,Hyruxs,"Oh boy, were do I start...This... masterpiece of a game is just... just beautiful in almost everyway possible.This game is just amazing. ""How?"" You might ask, well start off with:Gameplay: This is a FPS (First Person Shooter) game, there arn't many FPS (First Person Shooter) game's out there these day""s... but this game is one that everyone should play. ""Why?"" You might ask, well it has zombies, freaking zombies I mean come on, everyone loves zombies and zombie game's these day's right? RIGHT? Good, It's not called ""Dinosaur Hunt"" for a reason, no it's called ""Dinosaur Hunt"" because it has zombies... and other beloved charactors (there not important). The zombie animation is just amazing (the other creatures have good animations...), they are unique in everyway from walking to running, moving arms to moving fingers and this list goes... There are also these creatues that have amazing animations, I like this creature and that creature, I also like this creatures animation too but most importantly this creature has a very good animation. Apart from that the gameplay is good.Next we have-Campaign: This is probably if not one of the best, no wait this might have the best Campaign you will ever play, I bet you are begging to know why? Well, I'll tell you why. At first I thought to myself ""This can't be good, this must be the best"" and so I played it just to make sure and here I am, I was ""Speechless"" to find out how good this turned out to be, it was just beautiful, amazing and speechless>Next we have-Environment: This game has environments you barley see in other games such as:Snow: You barley see snow in other popular games such as Call of Duty and Minecraft.Rocks: This is very good one.Grass: This is the rarest one that you almost never see in other popular games sych as Minecraft and other popular games that don't have grass.Mountains/Hills (They are both the same): This is a big one (Get it?).Trees/Plants: There is not enough of them in this game :( but I hope the dev can add more...Next we have-Weapons: They are just divine in almost everyway possible, even better then Battlefield and Call of Duty (You know, those unpopular games that no one plays since its been out). The animation for them are spot on, from the minigun to the RPG (Rocket Propelled Grenade) and ammo wise, well there is plenty of it...Last thing-Animation: It good.Conclusion:I recommend you check this game out or even better, buy it and play it, it's worth playing and if you don't like it, well you don't like it I guess.But overall this game is a must have, so I'm giving it a fair score of-11/10 because it is unique and you can see the dev put a lot of time and effort in making this masterpiece of a game."
,Not Recommended,401190,24231304,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,GMKGoat,Shot a T-Rex in the face with an RPG.10/10
76561198000710651,Recommended,401190,28000322,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Jase,"Veri seksi game, gut game buy now"
,Recommended,401190,18100665,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,Fidget (se joka pyörii),"I ♥♥♥♥ing love this game it is a great dinosaur experience, better than anything i've ever witnessed in my whole life. Me and my friend bought this game and from the first minute we were hooked for life. The versatility of the weapons is insane! And the textures and details of this game are simply breathtaking. Definitely one of the best game of this century. 5/5 2 spooky 4 me"
,Recommended,401190,30130885,Posted: 23 February,all,Wiking,This game is proof that god loves us and wants us to be happy.
,Not Recommended,401190,22905343,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Plank,gay
,Recommended,401190,18132221,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,pauldavies630,"Nice little game for the price Jurrasic Park meets World of Guns Shooting Gallery. Guns easy to use if sights work and automatic reload when you are shooting at Dinosaurs really helpful. Not having to search for right key to press before you become a Dino dinner. Sniper rifle really nice to use and telescopic sights let you see what you are shooting at a distance. Really addictive and good fun. Some bugs but looks like being worked on to improve it. Sights don't work on machine gun, Uzi? or Missile launcher but can still hit dino if you point and fire in their direction and large calibre snipers rifle now has sights that work but transparent so hard to use.  Nice animations on Dino's and can build up large scores in survival mode if you overlook spot were wave charges from and pick them off. Controls better since tweek as easier to use left and right mouse keys for fire/sights and scroll for next/previous weapon and can now use esc to leave game. Your graphics for shooting just as good as World of Guns and if anything easier to aim/reload in your game. Would be nice to have name of gun you are using on screen. When you manage to floor Dino with one well placed shot you will soon get hooked. Looking forward to future updates."
,Recommended,401190,18109944,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,Captain guinea pig Luigi 22,"Well it is what is says. The dinosaurs must have gotten very fat after all those years of being extinct. My turtles move faster then them. The maps are small and there is not much to do. It gets very repatitive. What i would recommend is the following: add more enemies along with the dinos, make the dinos a little faster, BUT NOT LIKE CRAZY HOLY CRAP FAST, expand the maps or add more objectives, like saving someone from the dinosaurs or somthing. Just some feed back like you asked. I spent my money on this game and im trusting you to improve it. After a couple updates i hope to be able to change this review for the better. It is so bad its funny though, and it was only 69 cents.Update: Now that you have updated this game it is a lot more interesting. The new maps and game modes are great. There is zombie hunt, terrorist hunt, animal hunt, and zombie hunt. the button layout makes more sense now and you added music so it is not so akward. The devs of this game are some of the best. They really listen to what you have to say and try to add/fix whatever you ask for."
76561198218131395,Not Recommended,401190,18404833,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,THE Erector pili muscle,aweful runs at like 0.0000000000000000000001/2 fps
,Recommended,401190,19210938,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,Toad™ ツ,♥♥♥♥♥♥ buggy game but good for acheivment hunters
,Recommended,401190,29174024,Posted: 10 January,all,🅱🅱🅱🅱🅱🅱🅱🅱,"this is a game that knows that its a game. even in the settings you have an option for ""cliche voice overs"".so, in this game, you shoot some dinodooors. you get your pistols, smgs, shotguns, very bad mele weapons. you know, standard stuff. since i havent gotten that far (will explain later) i dont know what else you get. maybe a sniper?now, i havent bothered completeing it because, it runs like♥♥♥♥♥♥ with all settings turned down, still a consistent 17fps. PLEASE fix this.over all, its a pretty decent game considering its 50c. i mean, what would you expect?"
76561197997419024,Recommended,401190,21177007,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,ns2000,"I bought this game for less than a buck, so my expectations were pretty low.  The game has it's problems,  yes, there are a few bugs (maybe more than a few) and it's got a clunky UI, but the dev has got to be the hardest working dev on Steam. I've got over 3600 games and my updates are set to manual, so I see each and every update to the games, and this dev seems committed to improving the experience.  He averages updates two to three times a week, and I'm starting to see a really fun game come together, to the point that I've bought every one of his DLC's to keep him motivated. Support this dev and this game!"
,Recommended,401190,30685944,Posted: 23 March,all,Deathsabre,"Hello. Today, I will be reviewing one of the most ♥♥♥♥♥iest game, yeah '♥♥♥♥♥iest' game.♥♥♥♥♥ier than Activision's Call Of Duty Infinite Warfare. That's right.So this game is♥♥♥♥♥♥ and basically we are talking about how ♥♥♥♥♥♥ this game is. It contains actual♥♥♥♥♥♥First, the models are♥♥♥♥♥♥ Entering a menu is♥♥♥♥♥♥ you know why? It has a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ loading screen with 3 ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s in it. Yep that's right. Plus it has ♥♥♥♥♥♥ velociraptors around the 3 ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s.Now when u play, video settings doesn't save, especially for ♥♥♥♥ing potato computers.*retard girl saying 'I count to potato!' in the background*Ok so the developer is awesome. Yeah. Thanks for the ♥♥♥♥♥♥, funny game that u gave us,Its worth it. Worth it than Battlefield 1.Why did I include Infinite Warfare and Battlefield 1?I just want to.Review is done.♥♥♥♥♥♥af."
,Not Recommended,401190,28948767,Posted: 2 January,all,iKuroMii,no it♥♥♥♥♥♥bad and incomplet♥♥♥♥♥♥thousand mile need removed and refunds
,Not Recommended,401190,21960597,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,Zanjiri,"bad graphics,AI and gameplay"
,Recommended,401190,19347747,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Kookuhrawn,this game gave me testicle cancer20/10 would recommend this game <3
76561198294342651,Not Recommended,401190,33090761,Posted: 1 July,all,BRO MAN SADDAM,♥♥♥♥♥est Dinosaur game ever!You ♥♥♥♥ing get achivements for doing♥♥♥♥♥♥all!Might aswell be called Dinoshit Hunt!
76561198055552167,Not Recommended,401190,28537985,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Drontes,"Most pathetic, gives-you-praise-and-victory-on-a-silver-platter-for-negative-effort-game ever"
,Not Recommended,401190,28655474,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,winduptoy7,do not buy multiplayer doesnt work everyones invisible
,Recommended,401190,19349332,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,En Fisk,"You enter, You get scared AF by the stepping sound effects, You delete the game 11/10"
76561198297064919,Not Recommended,401190,30652627,Posted: 21 March,all,R3cJuR,"OMGGGGGGGGGGGGGG, I NEVER PLAYED A GAME THIS BAD IN MY LIFE YOU SHOULD PLAY THIS GAME EVEN WHEN IT WAS FREE THERE IS NO PIONT OF PLAYING THIS GAME .THERE ARE AS MUCH PIXELS AS DONALD TRUMP HIS HAIR ,"
76561198134432100,Not Recommended,401190,29433393,Posted: 22 January,all,Knight Solaire,my sh*t pc cant handle the lag.
,Recommended,401190,29749227,Posted: 6 February,all,Daddy Weed 420blzeit,"I've got to say, this is probably the best 0.79 p I've ever spent in my life. Getting the acheievments is SO FUN!!!!"
76561198321221491,Recommended,401190,29866075,Posted: 11 February,all,hardwired,cool
,Recommended,401190,24978087,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Shapitizer,10/10
,Recommended,401190,32178024,Posted: 4 June,all,Commander Shopard,Funny game to relax killing some big reptiles!
,Not Recommended,401190,18099585,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,SuperJBGAMER,"just played the game again after the game developer asked me to take another look at it, I gave my most onnist opinion on the new video it has been vastly inproved looks much more better will post a link when uploaded.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zfAkSZg_DOY"
,Recommended,401190,18325025,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Me!,I think the game is devoloping.. Try it guys
,Not Recommended,401190,21486695,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Retzerbil,Don't buy this trash
,Recommended,401190,25208370,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Herr_General,"Great game! Very fun, very cool!"
,Recommended,401190,18084365,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,halfbeast,my personal GOTY 2015.
,Recommended,401190,18136653,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,ＰＥＮＮＹＷＩＳＥ,17 out of a possible 6.
,Not Recommended,401190,22896361,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,ALTA2017,0/10 Would not hunt again
,Recommended,401190,20434006,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Daniel,"The Greatest Low Budget Dinosaur Hunter Game Out There:""Fantastic"" - NGI""Brilliant"" - GLM""They Better Make A Sequel"" - Communist State Of Uganda"
,Recommended,401190,33819726,Posted: 26 July,all,Bosch Electronics,ok
76561198105509670,Recommended,401190,18077560,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,toot,"One of the worst games i've ever played and if I happened to not own Superman 64 back in the day this would be the worst game I've ever played.It's like Big Rigs of 2015 the dev(s) must have said ""its pretty much a game....send it out""The concept seems so cool and I would love to see a good game with this style. Make it like Monster Hunter but, with Dinosaurs and guns. It would be awesome!I feel ripped off paying 59centsUpdate 10/10/15 - The game is now very unoptimized when it first released I was getting a solid 500fps now I can get no more than 40 fps. I have no idea what happened in that regard but, the game didn't really change much in the graphic department. A ton of bloom was added and grass not much else.As for the gameplay I have no idea if its changed because im not playing a game so unoptimized. It might be better It might be worse if you are curious you can check it out yourself.Update 10/19/15 - The FPS issue is fixed so now getting well over 100 fps and that is perfectly fine. The gameplay seems better than the first build Dino's still glitch sometimes one completely froze while I was shooting it but, only happened once. The dinos atleast move around now and aren't potato shooting bags. They move and attack almost like jeez i dont know an actual game. The game is improving and the developer seems to care about it so that's good. Seems like its worth the 50 cents now or however much.If you are looking for a short burst of fun of flash game level this is not a bad game. It appears to have multiplayer now so that's cool. I have not tried it thoughchaning my rating to a positive."
76561198111949596,Not Recommended,401190,30351508,Posted: 5 March,all,EnricoMezza1981,I put my controller down and walked away for 5 minutes and when I came back I had a 142 achievements
,Not Recommended,401190,22804845,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Rynoknarr14,"WTF This Game Is So Buggy, Tons Of Bugs, Do Not Play This Game.Pros:Easy AchievementsLots Of WeaponsCons:Lots Of BugsBland LevelsTo Easy To DieI Give It A 4.5/10"
76561198080033648,Recommended,401190,30773471,Posted: 27 March,all,Stampede,"It´s absolutely crude, basic, unpolished and you´re almost forced to say unfinished.Other than that it´s fun. Blow up Dinosaurs and level up.It´s probably even easy to mod for absolute beginners i suspect.Get it when it´s on a 90% sale and you surely wont regret it, maybe, you probably will...i give it a solid meh/HOLY BALLS!"
76561197967787986,Not Recommended,401190,23189912,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,Pitdeadite,Installed game. Started game. Game crashed. Uninstalled game.
,Recommended,401190,18089131,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,pidgyt,Possibly the most innovative game of this millennium.
76561198146434472,Recommended,401190,18089396,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,Icyndragon,bruh its 59 cents.
,Not Recommended,401190,24690894,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,ACC HACKED,-1 Weapon- Multiplayer bad- no graphic settings
,Recommended,401190,29074838,Posted: 6 January,all,KittyTeam,uNJOYBLE 10/10 ING WOULD PLaY AGSIN
,Recommended,401190,18076476,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,Knockout678,"If Dinosaurs standing still that look like they were made in a game fom 2002 is your fetish, prepare for the night of your life"
,Recommended,401190,18141909,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,bigchs,I actually found a review online from a reviewing blog that does Indie and under appreciated games here:http://samplebloggerbrothers.blogspot.com/2015/09/gamer-review-dinosaur-hunt-africa.htmlI thought it was quite generous.
,Recommended,401190,29250864,Posted: 14 January,all,Zazgor,This is the worst game I've ever played.
,Recommended,401190,18122207,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,laktosintolerant mögel,"""Dinosaur Hunt: Africa Contract is an intense action shooter that will take you on an epic journey of hunting the world’s most horrifying animals!""Well, this was not that intense...You could only walk, everythingwas slow, even the rendering was slow...This game, well, no words to decribe it...This was not an epic journey, this wasnot a journey at all!9/11 - IGN ""This is true art!""""BUT If you are looking for AAA quality, ace & crack, top-grade Dinosaur Survival MultiPlayer Open World Game, with millions of details, whatever, there are better positions out there, so please move on - DO NOT BUY IT. ""Just ignore all ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t and lookat the end of it. I actually agreewith that, but, you shouldn't buyit at all, you want 1 euro for this♥♥♥♥♥♥give me a break...  And yes, 1 euroisn't♥♥♥♥♥♥ but, we wouldn't ♥♥♥♥ingmock your sorry♥♥♥♥♥if thiswas a free2play game.9/11 IGN ""There isn't words to decribe such beauti""""BUT If you like Dinosaurs, Zombies, shooting, explosions, bullets, slow motion, bullet follow and all the things that will make you LAUGH - GREAT - you are going to have fun with this one.""Slowmotion is crap, probably stolen,the bullets are non-existing butthere is slow motion bullet air effects,but, without the bullet of course....I got one word left to say...It's not just a word but ♥♥♥♥ it...I am tired...>Open the door>Get on the floor>Everybody walk the dinosaur"
,Recommended,401190,18083091,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,woodlandfaerietruck,"hello everybody its me payde fore the clown here with another payde for review!for years, top scientists have been saying that dinosaurs have been incorrectly portrayed in the movies and on television. they are seen as intelligent hunters, and sometimes they can even talk! only one dev has been brave enough to portray these creatures in an accurate light. ladies and gentlemen, i present to you.... dinosaur hunt: africa!this is probably the most educational game on steam today. you can see dinosaurs as they really behaved when they roamed the earth 4ooo years ago! all the top scientists claim that dinosaurs would behave a certain way when they were hunted by humans, and i am proud to say that this game displays the hunt with near perfect accuracy!you see, the dinosaur mind is a simple mind. when a dinosaur is shot with a bullet, it completely ignores the fact that this just happened. you can shoot the dinosaur a second time and achieve the same result, much as top scientists of today have proven using lizards and komodo dragons. things get tricky after the third shot. the dinosaur will turn and face its attacker and walk in a straight line directly towards them. if an obstacle gets in the way, it will continue to try to walk right through it, even up to the moment of death. this is why so many dinosaur fossils are found near rocks, because the dumb animals just kept on trying to walk through the rocks until they died from exhaustion or gunfire. all of this has been proven by top scientists, but the world governments have tried to keep it a secret!  you actually get to witness this process over and over again in this game! you are so lucky!in closing, i give this game a 14000 stars out 5 rating. it is easily the most educational game on steam, and will likely be used in the classroom to teach about dinosaur behavior for generations to come.thanks for reading another payde fore review. feel free to check out the new payde fore curations group athttp://steamcommunity.com/groups/PAYDEFOREfor more games that have payde fore approval!"
,Recommended,401190,25298268,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Shark^,"My Grandfather smoked his whole life. I was about 10 years old when my mother said to him, 'If you ever want to see your grandchildren graduate, you have to stop immediately.'. Tears welled up in his eyes when he realized what exactly was at stake. He gave it up immediately. Three years later he died of lung cancer. It was really sad and destroyed me. My mother said to me- 'Don't ever smoke. Please don't put your family through what your Grandfather put us through."" I agreed. At 28, I have never touched a cigarette. I must say, I feel a very slight sense of regret for never having done it, because this game gave me cancer anyway."
,Recommended,401190,18075233,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,Mikoto',"Game for 0,59Euro <3!Gameplay 9/10Lobby 5/10Graphic 5/10Sound Effects 7/10"
,Recommended,401190,18072241,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,Grandma,"This game in its current stage is almost unplayble. However, I see a lot of potential for this game. There needs to be major improvements. The Ai needs to be fixed, a dinosaur spawn needs to be added. The armory needs to be easier to use. Also there needs to be an exit button, or if there is one it needs to be easier to see. I had to go into window mode and exit the game manually. This game has a lot of good ideas though and is overall an interesting concept. For that ill rate the game up. Ill be looking forward to see what improvement there will be in the future. That will determine my final verdict on the game.As a final note, YOU CAN'T BEAT THE PRICE!!!"
,Not Recommended,401190,29065488,Posted: 6 January,all,Game Cooker US Rocks VR,"If you like very old school feel or have a crappy computer and need something to play this is a game for you. This game is not what I would call ""good"". SO it has a lot of dlc for sale. Does that make it any better? No. Sorry. This is good for some co-op with friends or if you are card sellers who need to sell cards to make money to buy games but again that does not make a game good. Cheap or not this game is not ""good"". It is a game yes but not ""good""."
,Recommended,401190,18076619,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,Rusty,Gave me AIDS
76561198101069443,Recommended,401190,18070209,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,Truehunter™,"Ok, I Have Played enougth to give my opinion on this game... It is mehThe game is fun at first but then gets to repetetive and the dinos get alot easier to kill, survival mode is quite fun for 5 mins but then gets boring. ovarall the game is fun for like 30 mins then its just not gonna be played again. this game needs alot of work but i'll be here for when it next gets updated.So Far 6/10"
,Recommended,401190,18069499,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,GameDogLP,The zombie mode kept me entertained for an hour. 60 cents well spent lol.
,Recommended,401190,18072713,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,Ongo Gablogian,best game 1867
76561198001814214,Recommended,401190,18070231,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,Señor Dickhead,"It's not bad. For 60 cents. It's excellent: Graphics suck, AI sucks, you can't buy any weapons, but you can still kill dinosaurs for just 60 cents with an AK-74. It needs reworking, sure, but I hope it will get better. I want to get a minigun and mow down a T-rex."
,Recommended,401190,18073065,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,Nate,GoodGame
76561198053422627,Recommended,401190,18069000,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,Zaxtor99 ® YouTube,"After 130 of 171 found my initial review of this game ""helpful"" and 77 of those thought it was ""funny"", I am REVERSING my initial negative thumbs down review on this game.  (At launch, I couldn't even get the game to launch)https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p334c8IxBbsThis game allows you to work through several different maps, each with a different theme (swamp, forest, jungle, cave, winter mountains, etc) and either hit your comma key to engage a survival mode where many enemies will attack you until you either die or turn off the survival mode by hitting the comma key again... OR.. you can simply kill and fight one enemy at a time on most maps, taking you back to the menu after every kill.  Each progressive map requires more total kills to unlock.By far the most fun to be had in this game is the final zombie map, where hitting your comma key creates an endless invasion of zombies (Think Red Dead Redemption: Zombie Horde Mode) While it's not a AAA game like RDR, it is quite a bit of fun, especially watching the zombies and demons you blow up shatter into pieces with each kill.There are unlockables that you can reward yourself with as you score coins for each kill you make in the game.  These include more damaging weapons, new weapons, and more.The game is too easy in my opinion, but you can always greatly increase your challenge by putting your gun and crossbow away and taking out your dagger, and then turning on the survival mode as well on any map.This game is EASILY WORTH IT""S 99 CENT PRICETAG!  While it likely won't offer you dozens of hours of exciting gameplay, it should definitely give you many times its pricetag in overall value for perhaps a few hours of fun over time.My video details my review and exactly how and why this game score an impressive 78% from me.  It's an impressive score for a game that costs under a dollar.Enjoy!  Highly recommended for any dinosaur or zombie slaying fans who don't mind less then amazing AI and a few glitches."
,Recommended,401190,18073210,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,mr-T,It has dinosaurs. It has pew pew. Still better then Jurassic World.6/10 Chris Pratts
76561198052639410,Recommended,401190,18068891,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,Shadow_Scale,"Good potential, as the game states it's not meant to be great! it's a good start for a decent dino hunting game. i would suggest getting this in support of it in hopes he does fix a few minor bugs"
,Recommended,401190,18070571,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,Saturday Night Ride,"Game description told me not to buy this game if I sought AAA quality.Hey game developer, you're not my DAD and you don't tell me what to do.---E: Didn't expect to play this game, ended up putting an hour into it for curiousity's sake. It's a nice skeleton for a game, but lacks the meat which will make it anything more than an impromptu spontaneous buy. It works wonders as a proof of concept for a dinosaur hunting, or dinosaur slaughtering game. The hunts are easy and integral aspects of hunting like reward for shot placement are overlooked. The dinosaur survival mode probably needa a lot of work too, it's just dinos spawning at the same spot of the map which are 1-hit kills.There's flaws, sure, but the game's not pretending to be anything it isn't. It might even be a great timesink, similar to the appeal of clicking games ala clicker heroes. Do a mundane task over and over until you acquire an item which makes that mundane task slightly easier than before only to continue ad infinitum.The most fun thing to do for sure though is to not buy any rifle upgrades and play the zombie map in survival mode. I can't say much for the rest of the game really, but this is actually awesome. There's three types of zombies: crawlers, walkers and some gargoyle-esque creature. Gargoyles tank a lot of damage, crawlers are reasonably fast and hard to see (especially when the field is laden with corpses) and the walkers just...walk. The gamemode forces you to prioritise the gargoyles, but while doing this a lot of other zombies are crowding you and you're constantly checking your feet.It is important to note that for this gamemode to be most fun it's imperative that you kinda just sit around for a bit not killing anything while the zombies spawn so that there's more of a horde feeling to it.Otherwise, if the developer puts more work into it I'll be watching the game with a keen eye. It is ultimately worth the money if you think you're going to play around in it anyhow."
,Recommended,401190,18069463,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,ANCHOR FOREVER,Wtf
,Recommended,401190,18069229,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,no summer no cry,Skyrim with guns. 2/10
,Not Recommended,401190,30463204,Posted: 11 March,all,ZillaRex,"Don't buy this game. I put 5 and a half shameful hours into this some time after buying the whole bundle for around $1.50. The soundtrack is decent and the controls are surprisingly kind of responsive, but other than that it's a dull, boring, buggy, repetitive FPS with about 1050 (No, that is not a typo) achievements too many and DLC that doesn't add anything substantial. 3/10."
76561198271989369,Not Recommended,401190,21370722,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Demon_Turtle65,LAG
76561198009422163,Recommended,401190,21371964,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,James,"Edit: I've decided to change my negative recommendation to a positive. The game, although playable, is still far from complete. The reason for my change is the developer is still very active in making changes and striving towards making a quality product and I want to support with positive reinforcement. Please don't disappoint.Many years ago there was a game called Carnivores that I tried playing but either my machine would lag too badly or by the time I finall got a computer that would run it well it was already dated. The game wasn't perfect but I did enjoy it for a bit.So I'm looking through the Steam Store and I see Dinosaur Hunt. It has mixed reviews but it's only 49 cents and I just happened to have two quarters burning a hole in my pocket. So I figure how bad can it really be and I give it a shot.I really want to like this game and I do like it,but in its current condition I cannot give it a Yes recommendation. If there were a Neutral recommendation I would select that.I think this could be a really great game with more work. I would even purchase the DLC's if this game shows some major improvement.On the positive side,One of the fastest loading games I've played in a while.It was inexpensive.The landscapes look very nice (although I've never seen palm trees growing out of solid rock before).The biggest annoyances for me were;Constantly getting hung up on the terrain and having to jump alot to move around.The sounds need alot of workThe music is tolerable for about a minute and that's it (fortunately it can be turned off).It always sounds like your stepping on wooden floors and it's too loud.When you crouch and move the sound of the foot steps still sounds the same, just spread further apart.The dinosaurs don't sound like they have any weight.The only time the dinosaurs make any sounds is when they are attacking you. It feels like there should be ambient dinosaur sounds.The game would not remember settingsI turn exploding kills off and for the current level it stays off, but when I die or go to the next level it's turned back on.I set the detail to max and it returned to lowest.However the music did stay turned off and the Shadows setting did stay turned on.Is the scale of the dinosaurs correct? Some seem smaller than they should be.AI: It looked like a deer chase down a dinosaur so that it could be eaten.Some of the menus need explanations. There is one screen which I am assuming is difficulty select. There are two pictures, one with one dino and the other with two dinos. Minor, but the game mode selection screen could use short descriptions when you mouse over the different buttons.Details on the weapons and ammo on the selection/purchase page when you select them would be nice.Although I figured most things out (it's pretty standard FPS stuff, Use the mouse wheel to bring up your weapon) some instructions would also be nice.Minor: my arm looks like it's made of plastic and so do some of the dinos.Nuetral;I think they could have worked the tracking system into the story. Possibly even making recovery of the trackers part of the missions.The comments get repetitive after a while. Maybe an option to turn them off.The campaign story, at least what I have heard so far, is meh, but plausible. I know this isn't a high budget production, but the narrator needs improvement on the voice work.My biggest hope is that the devs are still working on this to make it a great game."
,Not Recommended,401190,21381696,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,Coreavus,NO! just no!It's more of a prototype then a game...so if you find bugs and terrible gameplay/progamming funny then go for it..otherwise...NOT complete
,Recommended,401190,30546900,Posted: 16 March,all,Toothbrush,"It's bad in a good way, kind of like goat simulator. it's worth the 50 cents or whatever it is but it's not worth more, can give a few hours of silly fun if you have nothing to do a saturday evening."
,Not Recommended,401190,18232257,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,ハニズミ 배그기사님찾아,졸라 재미없음 완전 조잡조잡하고할인해서 몇백원에 샀지만 그거조차 아깝게 만드는 게임진짜 무슨 굴러다니던 뼉다귀들이 연습용으로 만든 게임 수듄
,Recommended,401190,18850653,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,"RebelD, Empress of Death","This game was a bit of fun to play but I honestly don't know if I would constantly play it. For the price, its a really good game. You might have to turn graphics down a smidgon for smoother gameplay but even on the lowest settings, the graphics are still really good. The concept is that you are in an area (there might be walls or water preventing you from wandering too far) and there are a specific amount of dinosaurs with one in particular you need to kill. There is a vast array of weapons to use, ammo is cheap, and eventually, it will become a walk in the park for you. It's also a very easy game to get a perfect in. There are some glitches but overall, it's a very decent game.Pros:-Vast array of weapons-Health and ammo throughout maps-Simple-Interesting-No ""one shot"" kills-Decent map layouts for most maps-Fall DamageCons:-Some glitches (i.e. dinosaurs can ghost through buildings and push you into objects which can get you stuck and sometimes your gun will stop firing for no reason)-Some repetitivenessMehs:-Very few achievements (its good if you want a quick perfect game but bad if you want a more rich experience)Overall, I rate it at a 7.75/10"
,Not Recommended,401190,18818186,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,JoeBot64,"I'd rate this game ""meh"" since I only paid 60 cents for it. The interface looks straight out of a Windows 98 game, its sorry. The basic premise is to hunt dinosaurs at various locations, but the locations suck. Dinosaurs will clip through a building and push you around. ALL HAIL PREHISTORIC POWERS! Maybe there is some depth to this game, but it's really hidden. The only good thing about this game are the dinosaur textures are decent. Regardless this is still more fun than a root canal or enima."
,Recommended,401190,18317137,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,barfbot,"Has dinosaurs as advertised. Survival mode gets stuck, spawning dinos endlessly, making it the best survival mode available on steam. Developers upgrade the game aggressivelyMULTIPLAYER IN BETA:10/10"
76561198097164341,Recommended,401190,18348803,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Veganism,"despite what people say, this cured my ebolafree ammo/10 would play same map again"
,Recommended,401190,18390986,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,Bababua,Its not bad for what it is i enjoyed the small amount of time i was on it keep up the good work on updates and im sure itll gain some credit
76561198040557124,Recommended,401190,18386069,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,Lazero,The price is excellent. The developer is working hard it seems. And is not a bad little game.
76561198115303508,Recommended,401190,18404043,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,Sir Straus,"everybody in the world should own at least 4 copies of this game, its beautiful"
,Recommended,401190,18113134,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,vMeezo,"11 Oct 15:At the request of the developer I opted to give the game another shot.  It has improved quite a bit since it's original release date.  The problems in my original review are gone, and the game almost seems like a brand new environment to play in.  The maps are improved, the dinosaurs are a little more active and provide some challenge in killing on occasion.  At this point, it is enjoyable.At 59 cents I didn't expect much.  Somehow I got less than I expected.  You've got a few locations to kill a random dinosaur in.  Africa, Asia, Caves, Winter, Zombies, Swamp(with bamboo forests even).  There's a bullet cam effect for when you shoot the sniper rifle.  It mostly gives you time to think about the moments in life that have lead up to this moment.  Most of the environments consist of a floating island that you can easily jump off of towards your death.  There is also a survival mode that makes the dinosaurs explode after one or two bullet wounds.  If you're close enough to the explosion you'll get shot into the sky...  You can also find a nice cornerr of the map to sit so multiple dinosaurs can load onto the map.  Some will get stuck in trees, some will appear in the sky.  All of them will appear through a moment of firey teleportation.You earn coins for killing dinosaurs, and zombies, which are then used to buy upgrades to your weapons or new weapons entirely.  You can buy other things too.  You can even buy bullets for free, which seems to make the process pointless.If the pointless endeavors of the game haven't persuaded you elsewhere, the technical problems might.  1.  I hope you like your mouse cursor, because you're going to see it a lot.  2.  Prefer to run the game windowed?  Enjoy clicking off screen as the mouse does not get locked to the game.  3.  There's no quit button, so you need to Alt+F4, Alt+Tab, or Ctrl+Alt+Del your way to a better experience."
,Recommended,401190,18426273,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,neurt,"it isn't the best dinosaur game out there but for 0.99 the game was great. there are various maps and modes , you can also go vs african animals or zombies, there are loads of weapons you can unlock via a coin system and the music was fun, for only 0.99 this is a must own"
76561198082952934,Recommended,401190,18151227,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,[chrysanthemum],This game is good to kill some time and i would recommend it as the little penny you had to paid will totally worth it aside from the fact that AK47 in this game is introduced as one kind of a sniper riffle.
,Recommended,401190,18631548,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Schtoo,Only complaint is that its almost to good. 9/10
,Recommended,401190,18651098,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Top hat Jack,its ok
76561198013556749,Recommended,401190,18594200,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,wolf35900,"Do I like the game? Yes. Does it need some work? Oh yes. The biggest thing is the fact that 15 ton dinos don't walk silently. I am on level 27, and they keep sneaking up on me. How can something that big do that? I know it was a 99 cent game. I get that. But that is just such a big detail to omit. Plus usually the first time I spawn into the arena, it put me right in front of like 3 dinos and they eat me before I can even take a step. But this is a fun game for those that just like to run and shoot stuff. I hope they keep developing this game. It might be worth more one day if they keep working on it and inproving it. While I recommend it it, I still say that it needs a little more polish, then it will be a good time waster to blow half an hour on right before you go to work or something."
,Recommended,401190,30578237,Posted: 17 March,all,Daedrin,"Lol, what can I say about Dinosaur Hunt...   Well, it's not very polished but I'm sure the 12 year old who made it is proud of himself.  The single player campaign is really, really short.  The hitboxes are wacky and that all but makes the sniper rifles pointless.  At least the weapons are fun to use.  A few of them cause explosions and the sound effect is ridiculously loud.  The achievements are mostly padding and you get one for pretty much every kill and headshot up to almost 1081 at last count.  Good or bad depending how you look at it.  Would I recommend this game?  For .99 cents, you get what you pay for, not really much else you can say about it."
76561198111193111,Recommended,401190,18228198,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,SomeLazyOtaku,"At first glance it, this game seems like just another hastily thrown together, gimmicky FPS on steam, but it actually has an undefinable charm for me (as well as exploding, splitting dinosaurs in survival mode). Even tho the first 5-10 minutes into the game felt like they dragged on forever, after a little bit I just couldn't stop playing, and just having a blast at seeing the goofy dinosaurs dinosaurs teleporting in from explosions, and spiders explosively growing 3 times their size after I kill them. And in the 2 weeks since I've bought it, the dev has patched so many things and added quite a few more maps and enemies. It's by no means an indie masterpiece, but it's the most fun I've had for $1 in a long time"
76561198105480744,Recommended,401190,18228268,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,TheIndieAnimal,"this game isnt very advanced when it comes to graphics, but that doesnt mean it's bad. (to me atleast.)the game is obviously cheap and might not be very pretty but for the 65 cents i payed for it i really enjoyed. the weapons were cool there were lots of dinosaur species theres even a zombie level. There are a couple of game modes in this seemingly small game. however the survival mode had me laughing my♥♥♥♥♥off with the amount of dinosaurs i was being chased by XDin short if your expecting a reeeally great game from this then you best look elsewhere but for a dollar or less this game is a worthy passtime, and there have been a couple of updates recently to help improve the game so its obviously getting better quite quick. :)"
76561198096751836,Recommended,401190,18126753,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,TritiumH3 12.32,The mouse was fixed. I love this game it is actually pretty fun.
,Recommended,401190,18155068,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Origin,best dinosaur game i've played on steam 10/10
,Recommended,401190,18180072,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,sK|TheHyperion14,A really great game to play when you have a bit of free time on your hands. And just to mention that this game is getting better with every update it gets so I highly recommend this game for everyone to play.
,Recommended,401190,18187061,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,NorthK,How to to get the free-all achievement map guide.1.Buy this2.Install this3.Run this4.Select the survival and buy the 1000 bullets5.Select the Africa map6.Camp on the rock and kill dinosaurs7.WHOA! You got all achievements unlocked!8.Idle in the menu9.Get the cards for idling10.Sell the cards in the marketPROFIT! You got all achievemets and your money back.
,Recommended,401190,18196622,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Frostbreaker 437,"I ran around and shot dinosaurs, a good stress reliever at first.The main issue is Menu buttons.Putting the cursor on them will not press them. It's litterally blindly floating around the menu until a button lights up.Developer then contacted me and the update fixed the issue. Thanks!Great Game for the Price Tag."
,Recommended,401190,18256504,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,Nick Colletti|2.0,Pretty good time waster.
76561198146650376,Recommended,401190,18253436,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,aripley129,"This is one of those games thats so bad its good. I mean this game is addictive. Is it still on sale for a dollar? Definitely reccommend in that case. Here are some things that I thought were good and not so good.Pros:Fun gameplay if you like this sort of thingGraphics(too much hate!)Maps were ""easy"" to find dinosCampaign is decently long""unlimited"" ammo!Cash comes QUICKCons:Graphics(not up-to-date enough for some)Maps(the third one is ridiculous and it only gets worse)Can be hard to get a hitmarker/headshotToo easyButtons are offset to the left of where they should be.Play it for the first 38 levels of the campaign and to get easy achievements. The levels after that are what I could call ""strategy"", some would call ""sh*t"""
,Recommended,401190,18076999,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,Stephen Stills,"REWORK:: My initial review may have been just, however unlike most of the♥♥♥♥♥♥posted to steam greenlight the Dev is actually working with the community to better the game. Needless to say this was a huge step in the right direction for Dinosaur Hunt Africa Contract warranting me to re-do my review. It was nice to hear that the developer is placing time into his game that he cares about similar to the dev for UNLOVED. Okay so contrary to the previous review was written on a previous build but the game seems to have done a complete turnaround.The combat seems to have improved with the dinosaurs now moving alot faster than their previous. With that said it still has some flaws with damage taken/done but nothing to detrimental to overall enjoyment. It was also nice to see some small things changed I.E. animations so the dinos don't just slide around at a really slow pace, the dinosaurs actually seem to carry a weight so props to the dev to knocking that out. On top of that the progression seemed to have a change as well with each level having a set of actual objectives to complete rather than the old version which was nothing more than go in kill one to two dinosaurs and leave. So this was also a pleasant surprise.Overall the game is certainly progressing in the right direction to become something worth owning especially with it's fixes from it's original version it may be worth the small 99 cent pricetag. The amount of fun you will have with it is pretty much based around what you enjoy. Is this what it would be like to hunt dinos? I really still don't think so and I also don't think this game was made for me but don't let that stop you from giving it a go. In it's current build with what time I've spent with it my 2-3 major gripes are relatively small. For one you do too much damage to the dinos nearly one shotting everything especially with the shotgun. 2 the dinos spawns are random and so are yours so you may spawn next to or even on top of a dino and some of them have the ability to kill you in 1 hit and revert your progress on the level so that would be nice to see fixed. And lastly an addition of a more refined UI and shop would be nice to see but polish certainly should be the last things on a devs mind.To finish this review I would like to say thanks to the Racing Bros (The Dev)  for contacting me and informing of a new build so I can give a more fair review to the new build. And also good on you for caring about your game and tailoring it to be an enjoyable experience for the people who bought it. I wish you nothing but luck in your future endevours.If you would like to see gameplay here is a link. (This is pre-update footage. I will update this with the new build when I get the chance.)https://youtu.be/I8XYKR3uWQQ"
,Not Recommended,401190,18153035,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,hvsh,"Not worth the paper that i potentially could have printed it on. i'm all for the videogame-as-shenanigans concept, but this fails as a videogame on all levels and doesn't even have the decency to be the shenanigans it claims to be.i'd rather have swallowed 47 individual pennies than have spent them on this."
,Not Recommended,401190,18158044,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,SmashBro722,"Here's my recorded experience with the game. And unlike these devs, I put effort into this.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=piJjHq3fn0M"
76561198048349089,Recommended,401190,18590765,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,The Hidden Squid,"Probably the funniest $1.19 Ive spent. The innital ""What the ♥♥♥♥ is going on"" is totally worth it. The price is just right for what your getting. You spend a dollar on a game, you get a dollars worth of game. But dear god you need to turn of movement blur, or this game is unplayable, in my experience anyway. 8/10 would dinosaur again."
,Recommended,401190,18692088,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Mike,"Fun game, but needs some work. I'm a game developer trying to get hold of the developers of this game so that I can hopefully join the team. So if any of you guys see this feel free to msg me through steam, or on my youtube channel:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HxsspsPpejE"
,Recommended,401190,18087014,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,Curtains,"So ive played the update, It has changed alot since i first played for a game is 74p on steam i cant complain anymore, The Dev has put time and effort into this game now! not like most of these INDY devs how make a game then run! this dev has stood by the game and is trying their hardest to improve !i still dont recomend this game for Pro dino hunters looking for a sim! play this for Laugths !Edited again on the 26th/10/15Im now changing to recomened ! this game may be bad but its fun ! Sorry to doubt you"
,Recommended,401190,18075951,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,MartiEscageda,"As I thought, after some updates, for the price, is OK.- Old Review -I paid half a buck for this, and I regret it. I forced myself to try it until the zombie survival thing 'cuz of the reviews...I've played Freeware games so much better than this one. It's really broken.While it does have potencial to become a $1 worth game, it feels like an amateur experiment on 3D; maybe after a lot of updates it will be good."
76561198143774290,Recommended,401190,19495229,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Lichformed,I played it for 10 minutes.It's not the best game you could ask for BUT it's well done for a game that costs 0.41€Here's a link to a♥♥♥♥♥♥video I madehttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BhhAqrYcJvY
76561198047940086,Recommended,401190,19603476,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,Footloose20005,One of those games that you know are bad but still have a lot of fun playing it
76561198081926875,Not Recommended,401190,19595225,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Black Ops,LAG
76561198165217989,Not Recommended,401190,19595887,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,:: Drongo & Iggy ::,I wouldnt even ask money for this game.It plays worse then any game ive seen.AND ANY OTHER GAME IVE SEEN LOOKS BETTER ALSO IT RUNS♥♥♥♥♥♥WHEN THE OTHER GAME IN MY LIBRARY RUN BETTER.TELL ME THE LOGIC BEHIND THAT.1 OUT OF ♥♥♥♥ING 10 Also if you make it free to play ill give you a 2 out of 10 :3
,Not Recommended,401190,19662424,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Raiju,This is the least optimized game I have ever played. I can run Crysis 3 on Ultra but cant get more than 10fps on this game. Doesn't feel like the creator put any effort into this game what so ever.
76561198152396752,Not Recommended,401190,19662775,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Zedly,"Oh I need to kill this dinosaur but wait it’s walking on water 200 yards away. I’ll just walk over there and shoot it, oh the water instantly kills me…can’t really complain when it was only $0.52 though. Only thing good about this game is that it’s a decent time waster. The music is awful too."
,Recommended,401190,19656071,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Rattlesnake8,"If you are looking for a cheap game to get a quick easy 100% achievements in, which also has trading cards, then pick this up on sale. 100% in 55 minutes. The game isn't that bad for how cheap it is. While playing I kept thinking how a Vietnam setting with a story mode and multiplayer could be awesome using the same assets."
,Recommended,401190,19685753,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Mr. Gross,Broken piece of worthless garbage
76561198205723668,Recommended,401190,19691747,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Techno Duck,"This game falls under the category of ""so bad it's good"". Although a few parts of it are terrible, it's suprisingly good overall for how much it costs.  It's also the only game where noscoping is viable."
,Recommended,401190,19165364,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,took a fanta,"Im not gonna lie, it seems like a sick game but multiplayer is buggy af, and the dinosaurs run too fast in single player."
76561198095647922,Recommended,401190,19408227,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,war_instigator501,"Trespasser-esque, but with major improvement!"
76561198179598422,Recommended,401190,19538273,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,SlendersRobocop,It is a good game so far but sometimes it is annoying by how it gets like 3 updates a day that don't really do anything but when you are playing it's fun!
,Recommended,401190,19253766,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Yarwin,This game has dinosaurs and guns. It might not be perfect but for 70 cents this is great fun. You can beat the campaign in a few minutes (literally) but I had a lot of fun with it.
76561198145100722,Not Recommended,401190,19202480,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,LxMJO,i played the game and i have too many drop and i want my money back pls. i cant play on this game with 10 fps.
76561198205404781,Recommended,401190,19576931,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Peachie,the game got better than before less buggy so yea i changed my mind on how i judged it before
,Not Recommended,401190,21221712,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,tom,i want my 15 minutes back 0/5
,Recommended,401190,21283506,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,taryar,Is this even africa ?
76561198261659032,Not Recommended,401190,20812731,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,THECRUSHER,This is the shitiest game ever
,Recommended,401190,20496629,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Theomenkid_0,So a while back i would have said no to getting this game but now i think that the perfomance has improved and the game has gotten nicer i would reccomend getting this one
,Recommended,401190,18899139,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,S0YxSauCe,"Dinosaurs that can pass through walls, Can't climb stairs. Is this a joke? Hands down one of the worst dinosaurs fps game ever.*Updated* The developers regularly update the game and I value the efforts of the developer (Hard trail). He is so persistent he even use a dupe to attack me because of the bad review rofl.He added a very good rock music in the campaign too but I'm not sure about the in-game bug is fixed or not. And because of that I will give this a positive reviews just for the lulz.But this still one of the worst dinosaurs fps game out there lol"
,Recommended,401190,24188941,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,SuicidalCat666,9/10
,Recommended,401190,24173137,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,I_Do_Good_Job,"Beautiful game. Although a few bugs here and there, I would definatley recommend this game for the $1 price tag."
,Not Recommended,401190,24215910,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Lord Danal,"A downvote? Well yes but. No, not for the reasons you may think.I bought it after seeing how hilariously bad it was on RossBoomsocks' channel on youtube.So not long after its initial release as Dinosaur Hunt: Africa contract. 12-14th of Feb was when i played it.I had immense enjoyment even if only for 40 minutes. It honestly has been the best 50 cents i've spent in my entire life and was well worth it.Unfortunately since then its been updated, (I never knew it had) the game overall has improved to what ever its trying to be.But the horrendous effects (which you can still enable but aren't quite the same) and overall atmosphere which was intentionally designed to ""be"" good which ended up being horrible. Is where i got my enjoyment and what gave it a so bad its good charm.I feel kinda disappointed in a way that the game has improved somewhat :(I loved the looped daggy♥♥♥♥♥rock music, bad polygon splitting at ridiculous speeds on Dino kills, and the fact i could screen shot the hilarity and show my friends how amazing this cheap game was.I don't know if the dev will see this but i loved your initial release without patches, it was amazing."
76561198045911891,Not Recommended,401190,24289377,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,{{{ KNUCKLES }}},ALL I CAN SAY IS IT SUCKS!!!!!!!!!!!!! EVEN FOR 99 CENTS I STILL FEEL LIKE I HAVE  BEEN RIPPED OFF!
76561197982111095,Recommended,401190,23491288,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Heisenberg,so much conent in this game its crazy fun
76561198150166066,Recommended,401190,23130689,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Pepper Coyote,"Having played this game for a sizeable amount of time, i have dicided that it is one of the best dinosaur games out there, if not the best. It is extreemly fun to play and the graphics are not too too bad. All in all i give this game a 7.5/10 as it is extreemly afforable"
76561198176093546,Not Recommended,401190,23293760,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Dunal Duck,Game is really unconfortable to play. Mouse sensitivity is to high and can not change it and overall the game is badly made
,Recommended,401190,23442622,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,demo,"You shoot dinosaurs,& thats it.-A simple shooting game, -  Just lots of dinosaurs running at you, & you shoot em.It`s not fantastic, it`s not complicated, but it`s fun & It`s just 79 pence... and yeah, it`s worth that."
,Recommended,401190,23436377,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Sir 73 ChrOMozones,very easy to get highscores
,Not Recommended,401190,23738241,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Siontix,"Well, maybe this will be the humble beginning that one day leads this developer(s) to fame.But, uh, personally; even for $1.00 I feel kind of embarassed to have played this piece. For the price, I suppose it's worth it; (keep in mind you could buy a soda for an even higher cost) but at the end of the day you just waste a few minutes (or hours) that could have been spent doing something more productive--or playing a better game."
,Recommended,401190,23573221,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,GMVR,"Feel like a big DINO hunt?This game is ok. If you want you can pretend you are in Jurassic Park. Shooting down Big Dinos is not only educational, it's also fun! And bloody! Challenge a friend to a hunt in Multiplayer mode. Espically when you see a giant T-Rex in yourread more"
76561198109144936,Recommended,401190,23858974,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Christ my Daddy,"Best game, good waste of your money.If you buy this, you're a moron"
,Recommended,401190,23944584,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Swordbro,"It's not a long game or an extremely unique game, totally not what I expected.Killing Floor with stock Dinosaur sounds.7/10 totally worth the money"
,Recommended,401190,23941990,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Mr. Flamingo,"it's cheap, and its worth the price. you get what you pay for."
76561198179426894,Recommended,401190,23942194,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Pinkboo,This Game Is Amazing Worth every Penny plz support this game it has high potentail
,Recommended,401190,23915109,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,StealthFundip,WOULD YOU RATHER...See your character's own legs in a FPS.ORPlay an FPS with a good shotgun.11/10 IGN
,Not Recommended,401190,23934589,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Assassinj13,"Buggy, poor controls. 3/10"
76561198306732474,Recommended,401190,23564826,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,windedviper21,amazing game for only a dollar incredible there is multiplayer and coop its just amazing if u have an extra dollar u should use it on this game u wont regret it i was unsure at first but just trust me its amazing!!!!!!
,Not Recommended,401190,24013501,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,MachoPungrotten,"bought this game to play with my daughter, no coop element and dinosaurs seems very static, in paths etc."
,Recommended,401190,23891392,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Pyroinsanical skinhub.com,"It looks like it would be a fun game, if I could play. The game has lots of lag on my computer. I have a Mac-mini, so maybe it is just my computer. It lags to the point where I move and turn very slowly. I would recommend it for anyone who has a Windows computer"
,Recommended,401190,21314319,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,RyanCuro,beast game
,Recommended,401190,21316053,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,MONKYMAST3R QS> LowCrafts,"For this price, this is an excellent game. DEV is very active and ambitious about improving his game and communicates with community quite regularly. Its not fair to campare it with big and more expensive games of big game engines! 5/10"
76561198061828475,Recommended,401190,30717502,Posted: 24 March,all,Microsoft Visio,"I play this game with my freinds when we are very bored. The maps are unfinished, the mouse acceleration is DREADFUL and to be honest its a massive heap of♥♥♥♥♥♥but I love it anyway and i love the developers for contiuously updating this amazing game!Things to fix:MapsMouse acclerationVaried Spawns"
76561198153585013,Recommended,401190,21660640,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,SHARKYPLS,This game is great it reminded me of when i went to africa.... i killed alot of dinos..... everything about this game is amazing theirs dinos theirs gun and theirs guns...... i deffently will be playing this alot more i have 700+ hours of CSGO and i cant wait till i have 700+ hours of this game....... the sights in this game make you feel like your aiming a real gun it just feels right....... the dinos look realistic like the are actually staring at you just waiting for you to kill them..... their is an great verity of weapons and dinos...... the map is nice and easy to get around when you play this game it makes you feel right at home in the heart of africa..... in this game their is enough ammo to just bearly make you threw and their are knifes and you will need them..... this game is great i rate 8/8 would play again
,Recommended,401190,21224462,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Todd Howard,im 80% sure this game is malware
,Recommended,401190,21232791,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Awsum bets.gg,"Just bought the game and played 1 missionThe game is very cheap but fun to play (50 cents for a copy when the game's on sale :0)Well the DLCs are too pricy, maybe you should lower the price a bitGood graphic and animation"
76561198043924269,Recommended,401190,21233663,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Eye_Memory,enjoyable but short on content bought for 24pence and well worth it for a cheap pick up and play shooter :-)
,Recommended,401190,21234509,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,kit-hc,So bad that it's good. The stupid things you can find on this game are just hilarious. Obviously if you want a serious game which is ACTUALLY decent don't get this game but if you want a couple of hours of fun and laughter this game is a goodm option  :)
,Recommended,401190,21226727,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,JTheMandalorian,Enjoyable.  Liked it more when there was a hunt mode where you could select the map and only have a limited amount of dinosaurs to kill.  Worth $0.49
,Recommended,401190,21187333,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Nano`,"Go to Store (Featured), Click on Games, Narrow by Feature (Steam Trading Cards), Relevance (Lowest Price).Then skip to Page 9 or 10, until you find the .50 - $1.00 games.Add them to your Wishlist, games that are a dollar can go on sale and you may be able to purchase for cheap!A game at .50 may give you that value back in trading cards.Search and Install ""Idle Master"" which will run your games even without the game being installed.I may or may not ever play this game, but some games I have installed and messed around with on a rainy day!@ .50-$1.00 it's hard not to recommend!"
76561197995365441,Recommended,401190,21258321,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,steve hedband,"Now ive played some bad games but this is the worst looking and feeling and doing game ive ever done, i would rather eat my own♥♥♥♥♥♥then play this again. And you wonder why barmaids eat their young..."
,Not Recommended,401190,21263857,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Nosiyboy850,ITS SO BAD XDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD btw i dont recommend this game because ♥♥♥♥ing REASONS!
,Recommended,401190,18962169,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Jo,Gonna make it short and simple.Fun game.The game Really Improved after those Updates.The developer cares for the Players opinions and keeps updating the game wich is kind of rare  nowadays. Thanks!
,Recommended,401190,18141866,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,Ol' Frankie Blue Eyes,Most fun I've ever had for the price that didn't give me herpes.10/10.
76561198222417628,Recommended,401190,20982330,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Mongopeen,"has a lot of potential. Dont get discouraged. you need to fix multiplayer is dont see my friend move i see him blink around. solo and campaign is pretty cool. needs hotbar so i can see what weapons i have, and needs to be more ""campaingy"" BUT, I DID ENJOY IT"
76561198235861144,Not Recommended,401190,25048941,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,WhatAnApe,It used to be good but then it got bad.
,Not Recommended,401190,26188454,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,Kev@n,"really really bad game. Bad gameplay. bad graphics...well, it's awful, and it's the first time I give a totally negative review."
76561198099519566,Not Recommended,401190,26365273,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,ericblank91,Ran around the entire level looking for dinosaurs for 10 minutes without finding a single dinosaur.
,Recommended,401190,26057973,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Salabao,"Nice time killing game.Game is nothing just shoot dinosaurs and so on.In sum, it's a good game for the price."
,Recommended,401190,23872547,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,MastaFoo,"If you are still miffed that Jurassic: The Hunted never came to pc, this is an option I suppose."
76561198332123907,Not Recommended,401190,26374695,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,{FX} το ένα,its nt as good as i thought it would be
76561198271293088,Not Recommended,401190,26440380,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,NeoVevo,dont play this game
,Recommended,401190,26636606,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Vodka Salad,"I got this game for free by trading cards for dosh, I expected a crappy game (no offence) but I actually like it a lot. Highly recommend it."
,Recommended,401190,18688811,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Soviet Pupper,"Truly a game which tests one's mental and physical capabilities. I've never experienced such a life like and thrilling dinosaur hunting game in all my years. With each bullet fired, I felt it. I felt euphoria. I only needed a minute to realize I was enlighted. I have seen and lived through the lifetimes of every single dinosaur on Earth through the experience of this game. I can feel the souls of every dinosaur permeate my body as I relentlessly shoot them down. I can only roll back my♥♥♥♥♥as this ♥♥♥♥♥♥ic electricity run through my very existence. As I give these dinosaurs their absolution, I can feel my genitalia tingle. It is truly a 10/10 game. Truly..."
,Recommended,401190,26703536,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,pennywise the child beater,"it's a good game, but it needs a few tweaks. Could you add a stealth campaign? Plz."
,Recommended,401190,25592294,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,BigMoneyBigMoot,The Chemotherapy is strong with this one.
,Recommended,401190,18298795,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,oxymoronking,"i thought this game would be jurassic park genocide, but it ended up being jurassic park genocide11/10 will play againi will say i miss being able to kill african animals without DLC though"
76561198044146965,Not Recommended,401190,24828530,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Kogashuko,the latest update is KAK
76561198085708242,Not Recommended,401190,24305400,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Bappy,"I brought this on a dare.... Why, god, why."
76561198153881266,Recommended,401190,18831680,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,<Spellbondage>,"This is a game that is only about hunting dinosaurs. I paid 59 cents for it and I love it! It runs well, usually looks good and I banged out all 4 achievements while watching the WSOP and drinking Sake. That's a damn good night. I've paid 10 or 20 bucks for games that weren't as much fun. I hope the makers pump out more like this. The game is always being improved.*****Since the time of my review, there have been several additions. It's not just about dinosaurs anymore and more achievements have been added."
76561198083854463,Not Recommended,401190,20424807,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,AceBass,"Crashes when i press ""Play"" or ""Multiplayer"" :( Looks good and i am getting 1000 fps! So if i could play it maybe a thumbs up!"
76561198036041534,Not Recommended,401190,20015284,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Elkstone,DOOM 1 is a better game than this.It's a good tutorial learning to build a game project but as an actual game it is incredibly lackingAlso beat CAMPAIGN
,Not Recommended,401190,20468360,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,[WOLF] UnforcedMonkey,this game at this point in time needs a metric♥♥♥♥♥♥tonn of work it is buggy and not even worth the 99 US cents i paid for it seriously finish a game before 1 you take it out of pre-release and 2 add DLC
76561198180769383,Recommended,401190,20462500,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Dudewhateven,It's honestly a good game for only $1. Assassin's Creed Unity is like $20 and the fps on that range from 5 to 15. This game looks like they took a $30 bugget and made an impossibly good game with only that that much.7/10 Good Stuff!
76561198134135489,Not Recommended,401190,19927876,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Morrow,"Needs fixed on so many ways. Servers are super dead, co-op needs to be improved; All i could see was my friend walking but going nowhere and not doing anything( they said the same thing was with me on their screen, even though we were taking down the dinos.), take the ""again with the fighting"" off of multiplayer menu as that gets annoying really quick. So many glitches ranging from falling through buildings and bridges, to dying for no reason, to getting teleported 300 feet in the air somehow and dying from the fall."
,Recommended,401190,19891755,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Sir Russianlot,"EDIT: Game recieved huge update on 8 January 2016 and is now even better. Some of the improvements are:New gun models (Machine gun is now gorgeous)New player and animal animationsSome dinos got updated models and graphics (allosaurus looks much better)Game also runs a bit smootherAnyways original review below:By just looking at the screenshots, first thing that probably comes to your mind is:Holy Mother of Jesus what is this♥♥♥♥♥♥! Why did you even bother?Well let's look at this and see what it has to offer :)Let's start with the positives1.Game looks decent and runs pretty well. Sure it's no Battlefield 4 (when you think about it, it's not even Half Life 2) and some of the models look a bit cheesy and weird but I think it's completely playable.2.There is a whole lot of guns in this, 24 to be presise. You got everything from melee weapons, assault/ sniper rifles to shotguns and RPG. Some weapons like AK Sniper and Crossbow can also be upgraded 3 times.3.Maps are huge and quite varied. Locations include some medeval castle, Iraq (?), swamps, city etc.4.Game is under constant change and improvement. Developer listens to community and constantly updates the game. Since I bought it, there have been over 15 updates that changed main menu, balanced guns, overhauled campaign mode added multiplayer etc.5.Some of the dinosaurs look really cool.6.Price. Costs almost nothing. Good price, I like! Yes.Now, if it looks like I was scraping at the bottom of the barrel to find positives, you're kind of right, because this game is basically Early Access at best.And so the negatives begin:1.I said game looked goodish. Well, it kinda goes both ways:You see, some of the things like shadows, lightning and water are ok, while others are downright terrible like some buildings, trees and ground. Sometimes when you deal very much damage to a dino, it explodes in these half colored bits and it looks just... plain bad.2.Dinosaurs behavior is downright crappy. They simply walk aimlessly intil they get shot, at which point they beeline stright towards you in hope of tearing you with your 1 000 000 hp to pieces, at which point they usually die by you hand. Some dinos like raptors can be seen hunting rabbits on some maps, but man that is not something you see often.3.Campaign mode is can be completed in about 10 - 15 min. There's nothing more to be said about it, other than it would get pretty damn repetitive if it lasted longer. While maps are huge and some are even great, objective is always the same.4.Weapon models are hit and miss. Granted I haven't unlocked everything yet, but some like M99, AWP like sniper, Crossbow and LMG looks pretty damn bad. Same reload animations and models that you can see through. Some guns are also very underpowered while others are waaay to overpowered (M99 and LMG comes to mind).5.When you play survival, your FPS will tank in about 5 min, no matter how powerful you PC is. This also happens in campaign and Hunt mode (have not tested online yet), so optimization is needed here.6.There are some bugs and glitches here and there.TL;DR and/or conclusion:So at this point I basically teared this game a new ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, and you think I really hate it.And while it is kinda bad, even terrible at times, I still enjoy it from time to time and/or after update.Also, if you think that this game looks bad now, you really have no idea how it looked and played at launch.I actually respect the developer of this game, for not abandoning this like a quick cash grab, but instead, standing up and constantly working on the game with patches and improvements based on community feedback. Seems like they have ambition to make this into something special in the future and I truly hope they succeed. By looking back on it, I think they are well underway.P.S.Game is incredibly cheap. I got it on sale for almost nothing, so basically there were no regrets to be had either way."
,Recommended,401190,18128877,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,Spyro Teh Dragoon,"As a reptilian myself, I am personally offended by this. There is also a zombie mode. It's eh."
76561198117780430,Recommended,401190,18133542,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,ryanks100,"this game is amazing, i hope there are alot of updates with new stuff and if you like killing dinosaurs, GET THIS GAME"
,Recommended,401190,18137935,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,professor apple man,This is such a ♥♥♥♥ing good game
,Recommended,401190,18172554,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Dolanisti,I love this game
76561197993100945,Recommended,401190,18172586,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Littlemama,i like this game alot and it is like  cabelas  hunting in slowMOTION  with dinosaurs  ...great :)
,Recommended,401190,18216051,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Calamity Joe®,this is game is an good gamegood time wastercheap and easy to get intoweapons are more than subpardinosaurs are mediocre at best(when the spinosaurus isnt being a fnck head)all in all i dont regret buying this game
76561198086743161,Recommended,401190,18277641,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Horseborn,i quite like it
,Recommended,401190,18285667,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,AgentOrange96,"When I first started playing this game, the controls were beyond horrendous and once you ran out of bullets you couldn't play the game anymore because buying bullets was broken, but it was still really fun! I must say, though, the developer has been really on top of things and is constantly improving the game and it's actually graduated already from hillariously awful to pretty decent and a lot of fun, (and still pretty ammusing!) and while yes there are small quarks and bugs, the game has a lot of potential and is well worth the $0.99!"
76561198089401361,Recommended,401190,18168074,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,lord showerhandel,for a dollar game of this premis it is the quallity i expected. yes the campain isnt complex and its a run around and shoot. but the weapons are fun and the dinos and maps are cool. the othere thing is that tho it may have bugs they are fixed quite rappidly and updates are constant. over all for the price its very good and a great little game
,Recommended,401190,18183102,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,SpudroTuskuTarsu,This game might be the game of the year for 2015
,Recommended,401190,18155947,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Triste Cordis,"Wow. Maybe this game isn't bad (devs warn you about that), it's very bad, but I like one thing - they still fixing it. This game gets better and better. Give them a chance :) I've changed my mind. Now I recommend it. Make it as good as you can!Review before last few updates:They warn you that this is a bad game, but it's much worse. It looks and feels like first map created in Game Guru. Enemies stand still until you shoot them! Pistol is more powerfull than sniper rifle. Devs - read some ""making maps in GG for dummies"" and fix this set of horrible maps."
,Recommended,401190,18163022,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Jimpan,"As you would expect with any game for 99¢ (i got it for 59¢ which is even less), it's not perfect and it has its flaws. At first the game was really buggy and boring, but after the most recent patches the game got a little better, less bugs and more of everything. This game has a campaign, where you basically snipe dinosaurs, survival mode which is pretty fun but after a while drags down the performance drastically, zombies mode which is neat too. The graphics are okay, 2010-2011 graphics, with no lightning engine, but for 99¢ you can't expect top notch graphics etc. There are a few achievements, weapons and upgrades which is neat, only perfect game i've in terms of achievements :D The devs are active patching the game and adding new stuff (atleast for now), didn't expect that from such a cheap game but i love that! The hit detection is better than call of duty :D Now remember the game is 99¢ so it's not great but it's great for the price. There are more things that are covered in the description, sorry for the lenghty review, but i felt i had to explain the game, which not a lot have gone deep in. With some more patches and work the game could potentially be pretty good. 6/10 for me"
,Recommended,401190,28263320,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Codyawesome28,"Not that bad, it's not a bad game, could use some updates maybe adding some new dinos and fixing some scopes. I'd say 99 cents is right. 7/10"
76561198087030219,Recommended,401190,28176765,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,TestedHawk,"Good graphic, great potential, it doesn't really live up to the name though. Updates such as making the AI smarter would be fantastic and making the AI less attracted to the animals would be great as well"
,Not Recommended,401190,28207191,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,YodeMcJohn,It bad
,Recommended,401190,19790630,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Mr.ChickenS,When I bought this game couple of months ago it was unfinshed peace of shiz. I played it once for 30 minutes then i didn't touch it for at least 2 months. In those two months I saw updates coming in almost every day. Then I finally opened the game and there was so much more content and stuff. The only thing that this game needs now is maybe multiplayer.This game is under a euro and there are so many games out there are more expensive and♥♥♥♥♥♥compared to this.
,Not Recommended,401190,29037636,Posted: 5 January,all,inn0s,"unplayable, don't bother"
76561198139125169,Recommended,401190,29013695,Posted: 4 January,all,Led Zeppelin,The graphics are bad but it's enjoyable
,Recommended,401190,24064147,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Project_Dinopad,"For the first time in my life, I feel like I have cancer. I think I just lost a bit of hair too.In all seriousness, even though I recommend this game, it's not good. At all. If you want something good, Orion: Prelude or Dino D-Day will do you fine (or ignoring dinosaurs, even Call of Duty is better. I don't think CoD is all that bad though). This is something you buy for a bunch of friends because it's so cheap, and just screw around and have a laugh with. This is something I'd expect Cr1t1kal to make a video on. This is something a game design course shows you to teach ""how to not design a game."" That's how bad-its-good it is. I don't even care that I have cancer now.For a tl;dr on the content itself, the physics suck, dinosaurs are fast and OP, but you are also fast and OP and can one-shot most everything with a katana. Or snipe with an assault rifle. Plus the graphics suck but tank my (crappy) machine on normal settings; I hear people with decent machines tank as well.I can only wait to see what all this DLC does.10/10 too many dinosaursUPDATE: I've come to find that dinosaurs can climb hills/walls with ease. Guess we have spider dinos. Guess my sniping spot is bust."
,Not Recommended,401190,30183830,Posted: 25 February,all,Subtextual Surprise,99 cents that was capable of making me question my very existence.
,Recommended,401190,18103760,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,☯Coco☯,It is a very funny little game and its worth the $0.60 i hope they will get full screen in the game soon :D
76561198153851244,Not Recommended,401190,30158671,Posted: 24 February,all,Broken イエローウェーブ,"Amazing 10/10 IGN ""game of the second award"""
,Not Recommended,401190,30198441,Posted: 26 February,all,HarrisTheJew,Sorry but ANPA.US this game will never be good not matter how much you add to it Just make a new game
,Recommended,401190,31180210,Posted: 16 April,all,♦FatBoy♦lolicon,this game is fun and it so cheap
76561197995735824,Recommended,401190,31204112,Posted: 17 April,all,Yurrk,You need to play about 30 minutes to get all 1081 achievements! So thumbs up for achievements and thumbs down for game itself...
76561198029757850,Not Recommended,401190,29190941,Posted: 11 January,all,Tommycore,"Truth to be told, this game is so bad, I couldn't bring it over me to get it refunded. How desperate has one to be, to upload this low quality and believe you can sell it. Let these poor souls have it.- It's unbalanced.- I get stuck in the terrain regularly.- The maps are uninspired (seriously, I've written procedual map generators that made nicer maps).- The art is a nightmare, nothing fits together (likely bought from some asset store).- There's a 'sneaking' system without any use - take any weapon you like, and within one or two headshot every enemy seems to be dead. Even a hoard swarming you is... rather ineffective.- The story is told by being read to you between levels with a single picture being shown.- Yadda yadda yaddaI could keep going all day. This looks like the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ work one can expect from a bunch of freshly graduated gamedevelopers from any private academy.Dinosaurs are cool, but they just aren't enough to make you game interesting. Expecially if the rest just sucks.P.S.: The Allosaurus was 8.5m tall. So unless the player is roughly 10m tall - What the ♥♥♥♥ have I fought? A scaly, featherless rooster on steroids?"
,Recommended,401190,29157203,Posted: 9 January,all,tylerullery,This game is really good for the $0.50 price tag I payed for it and most of the dlc. Pretty good graphics and it's good for letting out aggression or wasting time. Haven't tried story mode but I love shooting the spiders.
,Not Recommended,401190,30094927,Posted: 22 February,all,Plasma Dome,"This game is not good. I beat it in one day, the graphics are not the best, and the game is the same cycle over and over again."
76561198240378486,Not Recommended,401190,29864636,Posted: 11 February,all,chris.gillihan,This is absolute crap and unplayable i wish i had never of bought this
,Recommended,401190,29807873,Posted: 9 February,all,Genocide Provider,baby girl your spicy
,Recommended,401190,31032136,Posted: 8 April,all,gb,"For how cheap it is, and the possibilites of the achievement it offers, I can't see why people get really mad at this game. It's not fantastic, but it did provide some fun. I'd recommend it to those looking for a cheap way to get a lot of achievements, that was obviously intended by the developer, so don't expect much more than that. It's a meme, but a good one. :buddy_boulder:"
,Recommended,401190,30065009,Posted: 20 February,all,Birckk,"Worth it for the achievementsSo if you didn't know. The developer ""Racing Bros"" has made a series of games including this in which you are able to get thousands of achievements in mere hours. The achievements are made so that you'll get achievements from each kill, headshots and some standard achievements etc. All of these games are primarily the same with the exception of the opponents/enemies and maps. To everyone saying these games are good or bad let me state this. These games have a clear purpose and you are either against that purpose or not. The games are what they are, and aren't meant to be some AAA title or anything like that and are not made for the gameplay experience. These games are for having some fun with some bad physics and insane explosions when killing enemies. They aren't meant to be played for a very long time and that's really fair considering the really low price of these games and what the reason to play them are. All in all these games are solely for the achievements and maybe having a small laugh and that's why you should buy this game and nothing else. I personally found the games fun, and they did feel a little grindy of course but nothing I didn't like or mind.This game is about shooting dinosaurs, it does have a few maps and some different reptiles but nothing special or spectacular. It does have 1k achievements so if that is of interest then go for it. Other than that is it just a dinosaur shooter."
,Recommended,401190,31036009,Posted: 9 April,all,k.,"1st Hour gameplay review.Well, this game is not that bad, I kinda enjoy it actually.For gameplay, you are a single hero battling many dinosaur in maps, you have to kill them all. in campaign, there is one or two wave of small dinosaurs and then followed by final wave of single boss (big & powerful dino). The price is so cheap but not much to complaining about, it's good.✔ Graphic is average good.✔ Sound, music & voice act is good.✔ Well optimized for my low end pc. And less bug.✔ Game mechanic is good, easy to understand (standard FPS control scheme), but...❌ Feels weird in selecting & switching weapon.✔ Customizable environment, in game option: slider for time (day-night), rain, etc, but...❌ Night vision & Thermal vision is pretty useless❌ And too much light bloom❌ Campaign story is bad, but have you ever play the first Star Wars Battlefront (2004)? It's campaign is comparable with this, but the battle is enjoyable.✔ Easy achievements and cards (if you care about it).How much I like this game score:7/10How much I want to recommend this game score:6.8/10 - I don't think everyone who like FPS game might like this one, but if you like player vs. dinosaur that have a decent single player campaign, lots of dlc (buy it in bundle) with Zombies, Dragons, Knights, Monsters, etc. I think you might like this."
76561198056238708,Recommended,401190,31514487,Posted: 2 May,all,Left 4 Sharkbait,Not only is this game fun but it is absolutely hilarious. It is a cheap but great time killer. I have never found such a great dinosaur game you guys need to make more of these. I am willing to test any future games
,Not Recommended,401190,31516568,Posted: 2 May,all,FAT,this game is worse than♥♥♥♥♥cancer. i would rather bath in the♥♥♥♥♥♥of an ebola patient than ever play this game again.
76561198379198640,Not Recommended,401190,31446985,Posted: 29 April,all,mark_langdon,"Its a really good thing I bought this for $1.09, it came with 3 games which were the exact same but with different skins put over them to make them look like i'm playing a different game. This is just complete trash. dont waste your time downloading this at all. I like to actually earn my achievements. I HATE it when games just automatically give me 300 plus acheivements for playing the game, It defeats the purpose of an achievement. I mean, it's in the name. If I didn't achieve anything, then why am I getting it? Anyways, back to the game. Basically you just find dinosaurs on your map and kill them. VAGUE story line, with no objectives, no plot, no other characters. It takes up an awful lot of ram for a crappy no graphics game. Just complete garbage."
76561198065260334,Recommended,401190,31280793,Posted: 21 April,all,The Mad Hatter,You know I thought this game was going to be sh!t but it isnt in fact its really good don't get me wrong the graphics arent the best the game is very repetative and the story is terrable but it's still soooo fun to play..... i think theres something wrong with me. :/
,Recommended,401190,31387147,Posted: 26 April,all,Wok,want more achievments then the number of friends you have?Then this is the game for you. (or any other game by that matter)
,Recommended,401190,32281149,Posted: 8 June,all,b_cooper04,"Very fun, but if you use a controller the sensitivity is pretty low, otherwise very good"
,Recommended,401190,31789898,Posted: 16 May,all,Shaun Ryder,game of GODS
,Recommended,401190,31740105,Posted: 13 May,all,MLg Ez LoL oMgggg,gggg
,Not Recommended,401190,18834302,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Abaris,"2/10Currently, total ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.You get to shoot dinosaurs with an arsenal of weapons.While you do so, you get 1000+ achievements automatically.Nothing more to it."
,Recommended,401190,22439437,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,supreme,I will destroy sean
76561198106679290,Recommended,401190,18135598,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,PiggyBiceps,1 shot a Spino with an AK 4710/10
,Not Recommended,401190,32228657,Posted: 6 June,all,point,"I'm so confused about what I just played. This game is unfathomably confusing and it made me feel like the developer had serios emotional issues during the creation of this game. Mainly due to some of the acheivments kinda being edgy, or werid, or both :(."
,Not Recommended,401190,32322986,Posted: 10 June,all,BrandFlip,"Not a good game.It's very poorly made, it's way too laggy. dinosaurs are way to hard to kill and it's just generally cheesy."
,Not Recommended,401190,31611486,Posted: 7 May,all,ｍｏｔｈｃｕｂ ♡,A really simple game with a bit of humour where you shoot waves of dinosaurs and get a lot of achievements. Recommended for those who've had a drink before playing.
,Recommended,401190,32560190,Posted: 19 June,all,Zanfeth,"This game has come a long way since it first came out.  If you want to have a game to just blow off some steam ans blow away dinos while getting a good laugh at a game that almost seems self aware of what it is, give it a shot.  Unlike many such games on Steam the devs are still putting work into the game and actually making improvements as they do.  Kinda a guilty pleasure game really."
76561197972443524,Recommended,401190,32485239,Posted: 16 June,all,Muhfugga,Better than ARK!
,Not Recommended,401190,32522352,Posted: 17 June,all,Battlefrog,"Not worth any sort of money. Stinks of a lazy, asset flipped Unity game.Don't buy, even as a joke."
,Recommended,401190,18131220,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,Egossi,"Being an Adam Sandler film I went into the preview expecting the same Adam Sander film which I do enjoy quite a lot, sometimes it's great to escape and not get too critical about the film you are viewing. I went in with this mentality to Dinosaur Hunt: Africa Contract and I was surprised with how good this film really is. A lot of the time people that write comments will judge a film without seeing it and it gives the film a bad name. Ignore what you hear about this film and take a look, I'm sure you will be surprised with it also. Adam Sandler has shown that he is capable of playing a serious character in contrast o the aggressive and funny character he normally plays in his film, Dinosaur Hunt: Africa Contract is no different, Sandler is both funny and serious at the right moments, Kate Bekinsale is great as Donna his wife, and Christopher Walken is excellent as always as Morty, the Bed, Bath and Beyond Employee. David Hasselhoff, Henry Winkler, and Jennifer Coolidge are funny in their supporting roles in this film. Australian audiences expecting to see Sophie Monk in a major role will be disappointed as she is honestly a very minor character in the film, in contrast to what the Comedy Chanel is running about her on Foxtel/Austar.All in all I do recommend seeing this film, if not to learn a valuable lesson about priorities in life, but to have a laugh and to enjoy a film that is better than what was expected of it."
,Not Recommended,401190,32526608,Posted: 17 June,all,Luigilogik,"I'm normally for free speech, but It should be illegal to call this a game.  Punishable by an open hand slap from every developer on steam this ""product"" insults with it's existance.I wouldn't recomend this to my worst enemy, who now happens to be the 12 year old at ""Racing Bros"" who released this dog turd of a thing."
,Recommended,401190,33536360,Posted: 14 July,all,LUC1FER,"Well I just got 1,085 achievements in less than an hour"
76561198034698785,Not Recommended,401190,25311292,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Sir Gaylord Speckle,"I used to like this game just to mess around with friends and we could get by its broken mechanics, reloads and all its bugs but then we left it for a while and came back and found out that the entire game had been spliced up into DLC... wow nice. so i do not recommend this game anymore because you have to buy things for a broken game."
,Not Recommended,401190,33688749,Posted: 20 July,all,Sir Noot,pretty ♥♥♥♥in gay
,Not Recommended,401190,18748739,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Lotica,"Note: Using the same review on this developer's games, since they're all the same. Don't blame me, they give me nothing to work with.A cheap♥♥♥♥♥asset flip with mindless action that's no fun to be a part of.  It's garbage. Also, if you love achievements, you're in luck! You get an achievement for just about everything you do. Just lovely."
,Recommended,401190,30211409,Posted: 26 February,all,sbondo1234,Ye ok.
76561198310281693,Not Recommended,401190,34150608,Posted: 10 August,all,Mildly Agitated Microwave,Even though it was only a dollar it was terrible not worth the money and I refunded immediately I thought
76561197987900147,Not Recommended,401190,35065942,Posted: 19 September,all,Timelord Crono,really boring and bad hordeshooterand the over 1k achievments dont make it better imo
,Recommended,401190,34272056,Posted: 16 August,all,Ama,"I thought this game was just a mythI was wrong.This was truly the best game of 2017, lots of achivements that took hours, days, months to grind, the gameplay was truly ground breaking the budget of this game must have been over 3 billion dollars. The time and effort has changed gaming for me COMPLETELY.. Thank you devolpers of this game, you have really changed my entire life."
,Recommended,401190,33393083,Posted: 8 July,all,Ｌｅｗｄ白猫,Good meme
,Recommended,401190,34763766,Posted: 5 September,all,MinionGamer155 csgolive.com,this is seriously the best game i've ever seen in my life. ez 1081 achievments. i rate it 10/10 would play again.
,Recommended,401190,34772277,Posted: 6 September,all,EMPIRE,This Is Amazing Game But Little Buggy And Low Graphics Just Need To Fix These 2 Problems And Game Works Really Nice
,Recommended,401190,34443130,Posted: 23 August,all,Kody_,"I bought this game for close to 4 USD, I wasn't expecting much. When I started played, it is so broken it is funny. I would recomend this game to others just to have a good laugh at how broken it is."
,Recommended,401190,34700493,Posted: 2 September,all,green beans,"i mean, for $0.49 it's worth it. i dunno what's up with the achievements, you kinda just get them for running the game, but hey, i'll take it."
,Recommended,401190,34844909,Posted: 9 September,all,Lambchop,"Not a very good game, but it was on sale for only $0.49.Graphics are far from polished, it's pretty easy, but still fun for maybe an hour.Loses appeal pretty quickly, there are better games around but if you just need a quick game to play for a day this is cheap."
,Recommended,401190,34842992,Posted: 9 September,all,FurryBriel,Imagine if we send this to Aliens so they can see our culture.
,Recommended,401190,34800682,Posted: 7 September,all,Zoltrix,This game is pretty cool. Graphics are not bad either on beautiful settings. I will be playing this some more! for like $0.50 CAD it's not bad.
76561198382219225,Not Recommended,401190,34880131,Posted: 11 September,all,AsrielPhantom,Not very good. Save your money and buy something else
76561198342871873,Recommended,401190,35395115,Posted: 1 October,all,only1p1ay3r,"Got the game plus the dlcs, and expected nothing more but to kill dinosaurs. So when i first started i played the levels and thought the game was pretty fun and expected it not to e amazing since it was only $2.20 for the game plus dlcs. Overall it is a fun experience."
76561198147987704,Recommended,401190,35255929,Posted: 27 September,all,Largeman2kan,Skuxxanator
,Recommended,401190,33029070,Posted: 30 June,all,Sharp Income,"Simple FPS. you get to shoot dinosaurs. buy the special edition bundle (or publisher bundle) and you get to shoot all sorts of stuff. This game isprobablydefinitely(as time of this review) the highest value in the dev's series if you get the publisher bundle. The other games tend to not have as much extra stuff or variety in them and come off as more of a cash grab - release another clone w/ small variations.+ rebindable controls (allows keyboard / mouse / gamepad for each action!) and sensitivity+ lots of different play options: campaign, wave based survival, horde survival, hunt (single target)+ gameplay/graphics options (set time of day, use nightvision, cartoon shader, fog on/off, rain; change the environment to your liking!)+ skippable pointless story audio playing during a nice pic of dinosaur in between levels+ aim down sights (i'm a big fan of it)+ cheap+ ""guns.... lots of guns""- rough, unpolished feel (but can add to the simplicity/feel - jump right in, not trying to sell you w/ flashy graphics)- aim sensitivity too slow relative to normal sensitivity (IMO)- simple AI, they come straight for you, OR sometimes they go after the wildlife which is nice, gives you a chance to reposition yourself and is more realistic in terms of AI behavior (other games in the pub bundle lack this, so this is kind of a + as well, relative to the other games)- I miss the buying weapons/ammo mechanic the game used to have. now you just unlock weapons and they're all laying on the ground for you to pick which ones to use."
