user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198004127352,Not Recommended,401360,24064344,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Mortimer the Butcher,"The Aquatic Adventure of the Last Human.It's a title fitting for an amazing film, and to be frank, this lives up to that. Let me explain why:The Music:TAAofLH uses masterful music right off the bat. It captures the feeling of amazement of the underwater world as soon as you enter, filling one up with a feeling of curiosity, exploration, and gusto. The timing of the music could not be understated when one stumbles upon some amazing things, or a boss-battle, or other events in the world. When there are vast expanses of the open ocean, the music can really capture that wide, open feeling. When confined into tight spaces, the music races like my heart did. It's great. The only problem one could even find with it is that there's only one track that loops endlessly in most areas, which is unfortunate.The Setting and StoryThis game has a gorgeous setting, filled with tidbits of what happened to humanity. The writing, although with a couple of typos, is superb and sets a feeling of futility as humanity struggles outwards with a rapidly changing world, and inwards with shifting demographics, differing ideologies, and desperation (I did find all the holotapes). The story and setting are flawless, and it I can say anything good about this game, it would be that the writing in this game is one of my favorites of all time.Exploration/EnvironmentLiving up to the vein of the Metroidvania genre, this game has wide-reaching environments with lots fo explore. If someone wants to just take it easy and explore, they can do that. It's calming to coast through the ocean and find nifty things hidden away, or to see the sights the developers have left us. It's a nice experience. Even the darker sides of the world have an eerie and unsettling vibe. From beautiful colors, to dark, forboding drab, this game has it all. Even the wildlife in the background or in the foreground are just great. Beautiful and fun to watch. The game even uses certain animals to supplement the world (in some very interesting ways.) Overall, the environment feels alive, and that, readers, is impressive.Now you've heard the great parts of this game. I think it's time that I go ahead and highlight the bad:GameplayAs beautiful and as well-driven the story of TAAotLH is, it feels squandered on a rather poor chassis for gameplay. I'm playing on a pretty decent rig and, unless you disable particles, this game will suffer MASSIVE frame drops at random times. And for no good reason. Though, that can be overlooked the moment you turn off particles.The gameplay itself feels slow, and although it can capture the feeling of being a small sub in a big ocean, it just feels like you're a clunky thing. I've gotten through most of the game, and I can say that the array of weapons is disappointing and through most of the game, you'll be stuck with a measely harpoon gun that, quite frankly, feels underwhelming at all stages of the game, despite upgrades. Spoiler:Even with the secret upgrades such as the triple-shot the Harpoon feels atrocious.The other weapons you gain access to are practically impossible to use, and one of those clunky and inaccurate weapons is necessary to beat certain bosses.  Spoiler on what weapon it is:The Torpedo Upgrade.Another spoiler on one of the upgrades:The upgrade, the dodging mechanic, that allows you to dodge damage is very wonky. It can quite literally break the game as I've used it to getinsidebosses our outside of maps. This can occur especially around bosses with ""arms"" such as the Tranquil and the Guardian.There aren't any real dangers outside the bosses. The other entites that are a danger in the game are pretty much immobile and it's pretty hard to actually die to them. The rest of the time, is spent gliding through pretty, though empty, spaces on the map, backtracking back and forth because the save stations are far and few between. There's also no use of visual cues to guide a player through the labyrinth of different biomes and where a player should go and to which boss.And here's the big part that I think alot of people wanted to read about.BossesWhere do I begin?The bosses are all extraordinarily unique (aside fromThe Guardian. Each one has its own quirks and takes getting used to and are very nice to look at (when they're not tearing your sub apart.) I can't say that one fight felt like another, with each presenting its own challenges and traits, timing that had to be learned, etc. They even utilize or have environmental hazards which just skyrockets the challenge even more. I think there was only one boss that I can say that wasn't difficult (though that boss did scare the EVER LIVING HELL OUT OF ME.)Now, being special snowflakes, there are quite a few bosses who seem to have insta-kill or near instant-kill attacks. Here's a list (Spoilering it so that people who haven't played the game won't have to see this if they still get the game.):1. The Worm (Can just straight up eat the player, that probably won't happen. Still a possibility.)2. The Fathers (Shooting waves at you so you hit the clams on the wall and die.)3. The Forgotten One (When he's sucking things in, his gass bubbles, and his ghost form).4. The Tranquil (His tentacles can bug you and get you stuck inside of him where you die, or he can just hit you with a spray).5. The False Light (Can just eat you)6. The Chain Gang (Instakill bite, mines that explode and can instakill you)7. The Defiler (Just a straight-up instakill)8. The Experiment (Laser beam, blood clouds)9. The Guardian (Laser Beam)So out of the 11 bosses, 9 of them have instakills or near-instant kills. That's kind of stupid and makes for already challenging bullet hells or run-and-guns ridiculously hard. That difficulty, coupled with the freedom to pick and choose your fights (which boss you want to fight and when) can make the game very frustrating. I couldn't count how many times I got fed-up with throwing myself at a boss that I picked another boss and fought them instead for an upgrade that wouldn't even help with the last boss I had been fighting.These bosses are the only substance to the game. They're the only enemies and they're also very unique and fun. However, there's one boss that I've spent 3 out of my current 8.1 hours on:The Guardian. Even with all the uber upgrades, even with exploiting the broken mechanics, this boss is probably the straw that broke my back and why I'm going to give a thumbs down to the game. This boss, and the achievement of beating him, I feel like only 10% or less have actually beaten. This guy is ridiculous.One last thing, sort of an afterthought:RuntimeThe game is painfully short. I'm at the last boss in under 5 hours. Most the rest of that time is spent on a particular boss. For the amount the devs are asking for seems a bit high. I think I bought the game at a discount, but for $15? That's a bit high.ConclusionThe game is fun for the first hour or two, and is a challenging experience that can make a Dark Souls fan weep into a corner. It's beautiful, with a great setting but is ultimately tied to a lethargic and slow gameplay chassis. For some, particularly Metroidvania fans, this game may seem pretty good; but to those who are not into the genre, it might be best to look the other way.The game seems to hedge its bets on the journey, not the destination, and the journey was just a bit too bland for me.PS: I love the game. I'm not saying anything here out of spite. Just honest criticism that hopefully the developers will see and continue forward with."
76561198083333318,Not Recommended,401360,21071669,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Brabbit,"I don't know about other people but pretty visuals will only get me so far with a game, I need substance there too.This game is really lacking in depth (parden the pun) and really had me more frustrated then anything else in the long run.There's no encounters with enemies, only bosses, which would be fine but when you don't know where to go and you spend 2 hours back-tracking in circles to places you've already been too, you start wishing it was more interesting.The hazards that ARE there are mostly stationary and don't really do much besides stop your incredably slow-moving sub to a complete halt. A few times I ran into hazards only cause they blended into the background so much, the slight flash isn't enough to decern the BOMBS THAT ONE HIT KILL YOU sometimes.When you aren't lost or slowly moving to where you need to go, you're fighting a boss of some sort.I regret to tell you that none of these are really interesting and a few are just frustrating. You'll never do much more then move slowly and shoot slowly, a good deal of the bosses are easy to figure out but have a lot of health to knock out with a very slow rate of fire, but a few bosses have this mantra of just being hard rather then interesting.Few spoilers here, but the Chain Gang boss is literally a big shark with a million little sharks alongside it, which was frustrating because not only would they occassionally bump me into one another and kill me instantly, the sharks also blend in with the background too much to see them coming most of the time. The Heart of the City boss is annoyingly filled with projectiles, some of which are way too small to see learly to dodge properly.I'm really not feeling this game here, it's so frustratingly slow and frustratingly difficult. I assumed it would be a calming ride under the ocean, but when the game remembers it needs gameplay it pulls from a twinstick shooter with bosses that want you to bob and weave between their attacks which is impossible in the slow little sub you pilot.It's pretty on the surface, but empty under all of that.To sum it up:The chainsaw in this game is useless."
,Recommended,401360,20905114,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,Lienwrath,"I came, I saw, I contemplated my life choices.This game's a load of fun with varied gameplay that encourages replayability. Anytime someone asks me about this game, I liken it to Megaman, but underwater. The boss fights feel very similar, the upgrades feel similar, and some of the boss strategies feel exactly like something I'd expect playing a Megaman game. Now, that's not to sell the game short and say that it's a rehash of an old formula or anything like that, the game does a very good job of making its own space in the action/adventure genre, but the similarities scratch that nostalgia itch in just the right way.Be forewarned that some of the boss fights can be outright rage inducing, but they are challenging in a very fair way. There isn't a fight in the game that I'd consider overly influenced by luck or requires this upgrade or that upgrade, in fact there's an achievement for beating the game with no upgrades at all which adds yet another layer of challenge to a game that already has a fair bit of replayability.TL;DR: If you like challenging boss fights, environment-driven narrative and beautiful pixel art with a great and ominous soundtrack, you've come to the right place.If you'd like to watch some gameplay, check out myAquatic Adventure of the Last Human playlist."
,Recommended,401360,20963897,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Ruds,"Several of the helpful positive reviews used the word Metroidvania to describe this game, and that set a certain expectation. I was very quickly disappointed, as the gameplay is basically ""exploring"" empty cooridors with the occassional environmental hazard or upgrade until you reach the next boss. What these reviewers meant by ""Metroidvania"" was true in only the barest sense: get new weaponry -> use to open path to next boss.Well, nevermind my expectations, this isn't the game I thought it was. However, it's quite a good game for what it is: a challenging Boss Rush Mode similar to the structure of Shadow of the Colossus. In that regard, it's a pretty great game.Pros+ great pixel art+ great music and sound+ great boss design+ fun setting and styleCons- boss fights devolve into bullet hell towards the end (I suppose they're very well done, if you like bullet hell)- ""exploration"" that feels more like ""aimless wandering"" due to a lack of threats, direction, and frame of reference- has some frustrating one-hit-kills that blend into the background or come from nowhere"
,Not Recommended,401360,28781175,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Paragonsolstice,"Synopsis:The Aquatic Adventure of the Last Human is, as the name suggests an underwater metroidvania about the last living human exploring the submerged ruins of their civilization after millenia away in the desolation of space.Set in a now frozen Earth and armed only with a mounted harpoon, torpedo, saw, and a pitifully slow spaceship/submarine hybrid the player invades the homes of the new denziens of Earth, brutally killing them for no apparent reason. All the while gaining silvers of information pertaining to the human race's demise and collecting shiny upgrades for your vessel.Review:Pros:Sounds: The music is wonderfully done, and with the visuals it sets the game's atmosphere nicely. Though some of the more common tracks do get old after you've been to an area multiple times for backtracking or exploration, but the boss tracks all fit the mood and visuals of the bosses. The ambient sound and sounds of the bosses all make the bosses and environment feel alive.Visuals: Both the backgrounds and foregrounds are stunning, and help sets the atmosphere of the game. Ruined buildings co-mingling with massive fish and stalks of seaweed or masses of coral help emphasize the feeling solitude and petiteness the game conveys. All the bosses look very nice (even if their fights aren't that great).Cons:Gameplay: While I'm sure many people think that metroidvanias are overdone, I'm personally indifferent to the game style, and I am usually a fan of SoTC-esque (only bosses) gameplay. However when most bosses have instant kill attacks that (due to how slow the ship is) can be incredibly difficult to avoid, when some are so easy that they are easily forgotten, and when the majority of fights devolve into kiting the boss around the arena taking potshots at it with a fully charged harpoon until it dies, I am not a fan of the gameplay style. As I said the ship is slow, making the treks between bosses or backtracking to find that upgrade/secret you missed a painful chore, I find this surprising for a game that encourages exploration. The non-harpoon weapons were not that useful in most stituations, apart from where they are used to clear paths or when you are forced to use them in battle, I found myself using the harpoon 90% of the time.Technical Issues: The game was made using Game Maker: Studio, so the technical issues I have are most likely due to the engine's limitations, but I feel that the devs should have taken more steps in decreasing these issues. The biggest issue for me are vertex buffer crashes, which occur when (I assume) too many things are happening on screen, thankfully turning off particles fixes this (but not for the final boss, though the dev's fix to vertex buffer crashes worked it for me). Memory leaks, causing crashes and freezing also happen a fair amount, less occur with particles off. This last issue isn't game breaking, but I find it odd, either the game is periodically sped up (by around 150% or so) at random intervals or during most of my run of the game was slowed down. I found the game to much more fun during the sped up periods.Story:The bits of exposition you find lying around the game's map (unless you're writing it all down) are difficult to follow, with no way to view holo-tapes you've previously found. Though with the simplicity of the game's story it barely matters, the story being the mash of two lazy tropes; ""Humans destroyed the world, because climate change"" and ""Out of control AI destroys all humans, because they are the true cancer of the world"". I realize that the deluxe edition has a digital booklet that provides more story, but I'm not keen on buying information that should already be in the base game.Verdict:Buy the game if you want a short experience that looks and sounds nice, but has little to give in any other department. Otherwise I'd give this one a pass."
,Recommended,401360,32725463,Posted: 24 June,all,jimbotherisenclown,"Most games have a good middle and a beginning that you have to work past. Some games have a phenomenal intro, but quickly lose steam afterwards. The Aquatic Adventure of the Last Human starts strong and keeps that momentum for the entire game. It's tough in places, but it is always fair when you lose. Once you get into a rythym, expect to be thrown for a loop. Expect to die and get frustrated and probably curse at the screen, but when you're done with this game, don't expect to forget it."
76561197970899855,Recommended,401360,20653282,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Cryptodynamic,"I didn't hear about this game until about a week before launch, but I'm glad it did get pointed out to me. It's short, but sweet. My first run through took me a bit over 4 hours, with some getting lost but not finding every upgrade.The Metroidvania style exploring is fun, although a better map would be nice. Toward the end of the game you get an upgrade which lets you see more details on your mini-map, but it would have been nice to have something like that from the start. Or at least let it apply once you've explored each area of the map.For the most part, the boss battles hit a perfect level of challenge for me. A couple of them were pretty easy, but most of them required a number of tries, sometimes dying very quickly, but generally learning a bit more about their patterns each time. Some of them have definitely got some bullet hell going on, so hopefully you're into that kind of thing.I found the music generally pretty suitable. The pixel art on some of the non-hostile fish was a bit blurry, but everything else looked quite good. I think a good job was done on the sound design, too. Especially the squelching noises.If you're easily frustrated this might not be for you, but if you're up to throwing yourself into a grinder to get a little bit better at a fight each time, there's fun to be had here. Just try not to curse too much when you get trapped between an enemy and a wall and torn apart in a second."
,Recommended,401360,20653569,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,The Lawyer,"I can't remember the last time I played a game this breathtakingly beautiful. Sure, AAA games can have pretty graphics, but the awe-inspiring pixel art makes this world come alive.The music is equally important, perfectly conveying the mood of each location.Overall, this game has STYLE. It feels so unique, the feeling of vastness conveyed so perfectly that it makes you, at your computer, feel smaller than the smallest insect.In terms of gameplay, you really do feel like you're in a submarine. The game has no real enemies except for bosses, but the game really makes sure that you remember those bosses. Other than that, the game is just exploring and marveling at the world, and it's wonderful.9/10, best underwater level I've ever played."
76561198036548927,Recommended,401360,20710859,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,SaltedPookie,Never before has a game made me go from relaxed to pure panic so quickly.
,Not Recommended,401360,29309181,Posted: 16 January,all,freemusic.exe,"The points Aquatic Adventure of the Last Human gains for style, detail, and intrigue, it loses threefold for a lack of coherence and even playability.I will preface by saying I have not been able to finish this game for a critical reason I will discuss further in this review.I bought this game during the 2016 Winter Sale and was thrilled to immerse myself in a ""MetroidVania"" styled deep sea exploration game. While I usually roll my eyes at pixel games I was impressed at the level of detail put into the general atmosphere of this game. Watching scores of monstrous fish swim through the ruins of immense undersea cities was a sight to behold within the first five minutes of gameplay, and I smiled a bit when I saw electronic signs and lights on buildings briefly flicker to life. There was clearly care put into level design, and the pixel aesthetic wasn't just a cynical cash-in of nostalgic retro appeal.As an exploration game, it goes without saying that the game is non-linear and the player has a degree of autonomy in deciding where they want to go and when. However I felt truly lost in this game, wondering if I had unknowingly stumbled into a boss fight I was simply not well-equipped enough to win due to not having scouring the depths for upgrades to my submarine. Adding to my confusion was the holo-notes I occasionally discovered. As they are not found in any sort of coherent sequential order and are the only real plot source, the fate of the Earth is something the player must frustratingly piece together themselves.I have come to an insurmountable roadblock during the fight againstthe Defiler.  Whenever I destroy the rocks blocking the path to my escape, I encounter one of two errors that crash my game. One is due to the game's inability to render all of the crumbling rock debris. I am unable to progress any further past this point. Other players have experienced a similar problem and have brought it up on the discussions page, where the developer has attributed it to a problem with the game's engine and has claimed to fix it. Evidently something was overlooked.The most frustrating aspect of my experience was not being able to enjoy a game I wanted very much to like. I was tempted to offer this game my forgiveness after yet another ruined attempt at the boss fight.The screen then turned black, and an error message popped up, informing me of a shortage of memory.I closed the game."
,Recommended,401360,20622456,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Ditto (@dittomat),"Bosses are effing huge and scary and difficult, killing them makes you feel like a god.The sea is beautiful and filled with wild life.The atmosphere is thick and exciting.Oh and you get to go through a dead worm through its butt hole.10/10"
,Recommended,401360,21958220,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Synthesthesia,"A very nice mix of underwater exploring with Metroid elements (A personal favourate game/ genre of mine). The game isn't for you if you don't like difficulty...as some of the bosses are brutal, and you can even go into areas you're not really meant to be in sometimes...Overall a top quality game that I had no issues with at all. I'm definitely looking forward to whatever this developer produces next. Loved it."
76561198182930201,Recommended,401360,20670213,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Anonymous Sharkacabra,"I fricken loved this game. Bautiful art, gameplay and an interesting story.  Had my buddy over and we were both intranced by it for the short three hours it took us to shoot through the main story. It was rather shirt and we even collected all of the records. A bit over priced but if you find it on sale buy the sucker, you won't be disappointed."
76561198034983007,Not Recommended,401360,23107414,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,nick,"The environment design is really nice and this game is pretty to look at.It's just not fun.Basically, besides wandering the world, you take on a series of bosses. This isn't bad in itself. I love Shadow of the Colossus. But all you have is a slow moving submarine and a puny harpoon that you have to charge to be effective. So that means every boss fight is you looping your little sub around, trying not to get hit, while holding down the fire button. Each boss has a huge amount of hit points, so you follow this pattern for a long time. Meanwhile, the water you're moving through is murky and dark, which makes it hard to see what kills you. And every boss has at least one insta-kill move. So you die. A lot. And since same pattern applies to every boss, it's rinse and repeat ad naseum. It's just tedious.It's too bad, because the game sure is nice to look it. Too bad it's so frustratingly repetitive to play."
,Recommended,401360,30806285,Posted: 28 March,all,TrevorDFox,"Never played or curious? Then watch this:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1gpDsmRqDK0Since I was young I feel necessity to play Metroidvania games. The Metroid serie still my favorite of the genere, althought I can't let mentioned Aquaria, created a decade ago (and that game was impressive) and then... I saw The aquatic Adventure of the Last Human and I Thought: I'm not sure... Is it a good game? Should I buy it?But I never seen games more games ""Aquaria Like""... I was searching for something nostalgic... and finally I decided to buy it.I played almost 6 hours through. When I was finalizing that game I said to myself: worth it!Despite of the simple pixel graphics, wonderful enviroment, simply mecanics, good playability and sound, I found a game made by people that really like games.Explore areas, find new equipment, defeat boss and repeat. (Like Metroidvania games) No secrets here.The highlights are the boss battle, it is challenge! Usually is necessary to create strategys and have good reflex to avoid attacks. Stay prepared to see the game over screen a lot! (like Dark Souls!) however it's very rewarding find the way to defeat it.I really recommend it!"
76561197993454734,Recommended,401360,24510033,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,SparkyNinja,"First things first. This game is f***ing hard. If you like a challenge, I recommend this game. It's basically a ""explore until you find a boss, get upgrade from it so you can get to new area to face new boss, repeat"" kind of game. The bosses are HARD. I think I only killed 1 or 2 of them on my first try. There was a lot of swaring while i played this game xDThere is a story but I didn't find it all that engaging. The graphics are cool but it won't tell you where to go next. After you complete the game you can NG+ or try Boss Rush but I didn't feel like playing through the gaame again tbh.Overall I liked it. It was a good challenge. But one playthrough was enough. Get it on sale if you're on the fence."
,Recommended,401360,24289652,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Dr. Rockso M.D.,"Charming game. You will die, repeatedly, attempting to find out how to defeat each boss, but you will enjoy your victory, if you are persistent.Great pixel-art style with an atmosphere that fits this futuristic, underwater, post-apocalyptic game."
,Recommended,401360,30879360,Posted: 1 April,all,Pogo,"I previously posted a negative review for this game, but because my complaints were more about obnoxious gameplay/design decisions rather than errors or sloppy craftsmanship, I reconsidered and will instead rate it Neutral, which due to Steam's rating system I will have to round up to ""Sure, go for it, I guess"".Do yourself a favor and max out the game's brightness setting. I'll explain that later.It's a well-crafted game, but some portions are just infuriating. It feels as though the game was conceived as just a series of boss fights. The boss fights are smart and interesting, but traveling between boss areas is linear and pretty boring. Path forward is blocked by some type of obstacle. Go the other way, fight a boss, win a new tool or weapon that will allow you to circumvent this obstacle, then find new type of obstacle, rinse, repeat. Similar in that regard to Metroid games, but on a narrower scale.You can collect text logs for an achievement; they add a small amount of flavor and background context, but they have no meaningful impact on the actual game.The game begins with a ""please adjust your brightness"" indicator, which I foolishly calibrated as instructed. It makes a lot of sense for a deep-sea game to have some very dark environments, but the darkness is a net negative. Floating mines provide you with instant death. Jets of black corrosive liquid are invisible in the darkness. Background and foreground lose contrast and you, the player, are confused about what is a valid path. One of the earlier boss fights (already challenging due to a claustrophobic space, multiple enemies, instant-kill wall hazards, and heat-seeking projectiles) was made even more frustrating due to low-light conditions.It is also worth pointing out that this game has gorgeous pixel art which is often hidden by the darkness. Creatures in the background, chunks of dilapidated buildings sloughing off, distant geological formations, all flavor that goes to waste if the player can't see them.In addition to save points, certain rooms (usually leading up to a boss fight) have auto-save. This is both a blessing and a curse. Many hard-to-see elements in the game will instantly kill you, and it would add considerable insult to injury to have to do a lot of traveling to get back to an area where you died. At one point, I was collecting upgrades which were previously inaccessible due to barriers. After collecting a weapon, I was thrown into a chase/escape sequence through an obstacle course with multiple segments and brief breaks in between. Annoyingly, a death in any segment of the chase will result in having to start over from the beginning of the first segment. Due to previously-mentioned visibility problems, I was repeatedly killed by practically invisible entities or objects and had to waste time repeating the early segments just to get another attempt.Figure out how much frustration you're willing to put up with in exchange for some novel boss fights, and you'll know whether this game is right for you."
,Recommended,401360,21881687,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Unravel,"In a way, even if it's not intended, this game is a spiritual successor to Insanely Twisted Shadow Planet, another glorious metroidvania game where the player takes control of a upgradable vessel to explore outlandish environment and solve ecological problems. Aquatic Adventure discards expendable enemies, turning every single encounter with hostile wildlife into unique boss battles; basically, that's the main attraction of this game, besides the picturesque seabeds. In further comparison of the two titles, the current subject matter severely lacks puzzles based around the unlocks you get, but makes up to it with backstory insight diaries scattered throughout the game. All in all, I recommend The Aquatic Adventure of the Last Human, because it has a sense of style and interesting 50/50 focus."
,Recommended,401360,21109894,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,TWChristine,"I've really been enjoying this overall; I love the idea, and the graphical representation (it often reminds me of a short browser game called Small Worlds).  There's been a few bugs, ie: when I had the first boss down to minimal health it just sat there and let me kill it, but nothing game-breaking. The biggest annoyance I've found is that the game slows down considerably when it pans in/out (which happens a lot) and when there's a lot of stuff moving on the screen (which again, happens a lot because: fish).  This has made the second boss I encountered a real pain as there is a mix of fast and slow moving attacks..which both seem slow until suddenly the game picks back up.  And the slow-down is really the only downside I've encountered thus far; I'd certainly reccommend giving it a shot."
76561198094242999,Recommended,401360,20656751,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Bunny,"I really enjoyed this, so far the game has kept me feeling pretty tense about going anywhere remotely dark and the boss designs are pretty amazing. I.E absolutely horrifying, especially the implications.The Forgotten One/The Parasite anyone? Anyone at all? Yeesh.The text blurbs are fun to read, over all there is an omnipresent sense of /dread/ to the whole thing because the deeper you go, the scarier things get and its keeping me shivering in my chair. 10/10 I recommend it!"
,Not Recommended,401360,29598927,Posted: 30 January,all,🐤 Thalq,"I did a full playthrough bar hardcore more, which took me around 4 hours of gameplay.My verdict is: MehIn short: TAAotLH shines in very specific aspects, but it's performance ranges from poor to just okay-ish in all others.The Gameplay: Sometimes good, sometimes bad.Consists solely of two bubbles: Exploration, and bossfights.The first one is pretty good, the level design puts a lot of map hazards in your path, forcing you to tread carefully, and just stay in one place long enough to scout for secrets. The map is quite open and allows you (early on) to choose which zone to explore first, so you can get most upgrades in any order you want. There are a few secrets which are easy to find, which is sad given the map's scale. The LD does a good job leading you where you have to go without a wor-*Big EXIT sign at the end of the Defiler fight*Okay nevermind.The bossfights are all huge monsters in small, enclosed areas and/or have a tendency to fill up the screen with tentacles, trashmobs or projectiles. They are the game's main difficulty spike, and really break the game's slow pace with demanding and nervous difficulty. Think Castlevania Dawn of Sorrow's Gergoth fight, or most bossfights from Super Metroid/Fusion/Zero Mission, but without the smooth learning curve brought by common enemies. Some of the bossfights are really cool and make great use of the ship's mechanics and weapons, some others (parasite in mind) don't and are extremely frustrating.The main mechanics are cleverly used most of the time, however there is one point which makesHALFof one's deaths unfair and frustrating: The combination of extreme knockback during hitstun with strong screenshake and a very short invulnerability window. Taking a hit will propel you in an usually arbitrary direction, which you will have difficulties reacting to because of said screenshake. In most situations you will bounce from a hazard into another like in pinball, leading you to your death.Some hazards are also deceptively damaging and often results in an unexpected instant death (e.g. Final boss 2nd phase: It is more efficient to get hit by the boss' projectiles which you are supposed to avoid, than stay for even two frames in green fumes).The Visuals: ABSOLUTELY HARAMThis game doesn't respect the basic tenets of pixelart (limited palette, use of pixel grid), by making use of Rixels (Rotated pixels) and Mixels (Mixed size pixels) which are aF***ING HERESY.This shows a big lack of research and investment from the devs, and a half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥attempt at surfing on the pixelart hype wave.Sprites are ugly and unreadable, and most of the time pillow-shaded. Animations don't respect the twelve principles and have a short framecount.The Audio: MehThe BGM is inconsistent. Some tracks are ok, the rest is bad. It does a good job setting up the mood for the game, though, but that's all. All of it's melodies are forgettable and sound like the composer didn't know what they were aiming for with them.The SFX also are inconsistent, but are much better than the music. Some of them sound like they are completely out of place, but most set up the ambience really well and sound great.The Story: Wasted potentialThe game's setting is great and has a LOT of potential, unfortunately lost by a predictable outcome, a lack of depth and some incoherences. What are the crystals for plot-wise, for instance? They serve no purpose.The good point in the game's storytelling is the fact that one can read the journals scattered in the map in any order and enjoy the game's exposition without difficulty.It is enjoyable but could have been so much better in all aspects. I hope it's devs will use it as a mean to improve their skills and dedication."
,Not Recommended,401360,33596605,Posted: 16 July,all,Choaya,"The visuals are good and the music is great.The combat is only against the bosses, the rest of the game is exploration.The Defiler fight is boringThe Parasite and the Forgotten One randomly throws you around, making you take a lot of damage and dieThe rest is fine, but The Chain Gang was my favoriteThe harpoon can only shoot beneath you until you get it's upgradeThen you can shoot both beneath and above you""Well now if i shoot forward i can use both shooters at the same time right""NoThe saw can cut anything above and beneath youExcept in the boss fight because ♥♥♥♥ YOUWeapon circling is just ridiculous, the game would play better with the Harpoon on the left button, the Torpedo on the right button, Saw and Drone activeThen the game that was about exploration turns into a bullet hell at the last boss fight because HAHAHHA IT'S A HARD BOSS FIGHT XDDDDwhat the ♥♥♥♥ man"
,Recommended,401360,20645229,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,punkonjunk,"Absolutely excellent game - if you like metroidvania or exploration games at all - buy it.If you liked insanely twisted shadow planet - buy it.if you like pixel art - buy it.The exploration and lack of constant, extreme hazards was really excellent - the bosses were well designed and challenging both in working to defeat the AI, and stay alive while you do.It's worth the ten bucks. I spent about 15 hours pounding through it, and I got about 80% of the secrets."
,Recommended,401360,29430803,Posted: 22 January,all,Hominghead,"TL;DR: The Aquatic Adventure of the Last Human is a great, albeit someplaces inconventional, metroidvania and agarophobia simulator.Long:Awesome Metroidvania. Very immersive, managed to interest me in game's story without wasting alot of my time. The pre-story (is that even a word) is explained in a simple cinematic and you get thrown right into it after that. Unlike other complaining people, it was simple for me to find a way to proceed in the game, i didn't get lost, the minimap and main map from the menu are very helpful. Unlike most metroidvania, you aren't being hindered by enemy obstacle npcs inbetween boss fights, you just mainly explore rooms and traverse from one boss to another, and it works really well for this game. I enjoyed it alot.I also developed agarophobia.After a couple of rooms you start to realize that the pattern of ""big room = boss"" kinda repeats itself, so this is what happens:Me: *enters a giant room*Me:♥♥♥♥♥♥Me: *starts sweating*Me: not sure if just a giant room or boss fight*queue spoopy music*Me: aaaaaaah ♥♥♥♥ i knew itSome people were complaining that the game boils down to kiting a boss and shooting it from max-range by a harpoon, well, not true. Git gud scrub filthy casul. Didn't have to do it once.Take it a notch further and it could've been a great horror game too. Like when ""The False Light"" appears. Legit spooked.Game is worth it."
76561197995245990,Recommended,401360,24638315,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,spybotplus,"Great game.  Finely tuned gameplay.  Beautiful atmosphere, unique graphics, well done music and sound effects.The boss fights are difficult but fair, although I can see how some people might like to tone down the difficulty a tad.  One example is on the forgotton boss, he is pretty tough to begin with but after a while there are poison clouds everywhere that make the fight even harder.  I can imagine an 'easy' level where you could fight him without the clouds it would still be fairly challenging.Exploring the world provides some challenges but is more of a relaxed pace to decompress between boss fights.The game could use some better hints as to where to go next.  I get that exploration is part of the game but I ended up exploring dead ends for half an hour which was tedious.  After finding this map things were a lot easier.http://images.akamai.steamusercontent.com/ugc/496889904278154503/0D18B411D19DD92ECC314A0EEAC898093B57544B/It would also be nice if you could save anywhere, the game currently has a metriod like save mechanism which auto saves before boss fights but then only when you visit stations.  The boss saves are nice but having to go to station if I want to quit elsewhere is kind of inconvienient.  I get that it is kind of an homage to metroid but if metriod just had a crappy save system because of technical limitations why do we need to drag that along with us 30 years later?"
76561198024735043,Not Recommended,401360,29581265,Posted: 30 January,all,[E.K.] puzzle,"Bought this on a whim during the last sale.  It was cheap, looked interesting and has good reviews.  Had a couple of false starts where the game started unresponsive with a blank white screen.  Eventually got into the game and started floating my little sub around.Found the first opponent/boss.  Died to it 6 or 7 times before I started counting how many slow charge-up, restricted angle firing peashooter shots it took to kill it.  I counted 41 before the game tossed up an error screen and exited to the desktop.I don't know that I have it in me to face this boss for the 9th time.This may be the final log entry of the Last Human, my Aquatic Adventure is over for now."
76561198156529123,Recommended,401360,31657786,Posted: 9 May,all,Alpha&Omega,"It might be just pixel graphics, but it's really a joy to immerse yourself in this beautiful aquatic apocalyptic wasteland. This is a game that can truly relax you in your journey, to then deliver a real thrill and challenge when facing each boss.This is the ""Titan Soul"" of the sea and definitely a title a can recommend..."
,Recommended,401360,21061520,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Fred,Good game for the first playthrough. Second time around there's not much to do as you will have already found all upgrades and know the environments. Unless of course you like the challenges of boss rush or hardcore mode.Great music. Nice environments. A lot of fun boss-fights.Could be considered short i guess. Finished it in 2 and a half hours with half of the upgrades.
,Not Recommended,401360,31127184,Posted: 13 April,all,31 CABBAGE,"I think everything about this game is quite pretty. Great backgrounds, decent music. The game is punishingly hard. Another user mentions the quick-dodge thing. This game literally makes my hands hurt on a controller within about 5 minutes. Any longer and I think I might sustain actual injury. The controls just aren't great and getting single hitted by every boss just leaves you looking to repeat some fights hundreds of times. You shouldn't have to cheese bosses to beat them, sometimes player skill should come in to it. But this game doesn't leave a lot of room for that. A nice little game ruined by a few overly tough fights, would have loved to play it until the end but there are games that do what this one does MUCH better. Give it a try for 1.99 if you can get it that cheap during a sale."
,Not Recommended,401360,29412009,Posted: 21 January,all,Shipbreaker,"I love this game. The art and soundtrack are fantastic, and I enjoyed the combat well enough. The dev used to be helpful with concerns. But these days there are too many bugs that crash it for me to reccomend it."
76561198013459859,Recommended,401360,28964388,Posted: 2 January,all,ringo,"This was a pretty good game.  A 2D version of Shadow of the Colossus but underwater.  You explore the seas looking for boss monsters that drop upgrades that let you reach further areas into the game.  It really shines in terms of colorful backgrounds and beautiful background music.The boss battles are tough but beatable.  If you're having a hard time with one, try to come back later when your ship's more powerful.  The game's not linear so you go around and kill bosses in different orders.  However, there are areas that will require you to have certain upgrades to your shift to proceed.The game isn't long but enjoyable.  It definitely puts up a fight so you either ready your reflexes or learn from trial and error.  Definitely a worthwhile experience."
,Recommended,401360,20652863,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,"Seriously, Fuck You.",Neat.
,Recommended,401360,29495988,Posted: 25 January,all,Palpz,"First off, I'm going to mention that I did run into some performance issues while playing; at times during some boss fights, the game would experience some lag, which essentially slowed down the whole gameplay. So if this is a deal breaker for you, I'd probably suggest passing.Other than that, it's a fairly charming little pixel art metroidvania. I liked the art direction; it and the soundtrack did a wonderful job of building the atmosphere or this sunken abandoned earth. Obviously, all the humans are dead, it's right there in the title; you're coming back from a space exploration mission, a la Interstellar, to find there's no one left to present your results to.So you set off to see if you can find either anyone, or figure out what happened to everyone else. And along the way, you fight some fish.All in all, not too challenging, not too long, but overall a fairly enjoyable performance.I'd highly recommend playing with a controller though."
76561198007636529,Recommended,401360,23154391,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Fafnir67,"An Aquatic Themed Metroidvania Boss Rush ShmupWhat is it like-Titan Souls meets Metroid or Herocore.Why-+Amazing atmosphere (Graphics and ST)!+Very nonlinear as reflected by some alternate boss strategies.+Scant story but the use of text logs is clever in its emergent nature.+Generous checkpoints that waste no time getting you to a boss (Usually).Why not-+While the game is superb in using darkness for ambiance, at times (Hail of homing bullets) it can get annoying.+Slight lack of  weapons.+Some minor bugs.Great Moment-Defeating a boss after a lengthy battle.Personal nitpick-The final boss is too scripted.Who should get it-Fans of the isolated feel of Metroid and/or fans of boss rush games, such as Shadow of the Colossus or Alien Soldier.Who shold not get it-Shmup haters, fans of the grindy nature of some metroidvanias.Overall: 8.5."
76561198082689223,Recommended,401360,31990247,Posted: 27 May,all,SpiralSigil,"This game is an absolute freaking gem - I had a blast from beginning right up until the very end.  It's Metroidvania in style, with an emphasis on exploration and boss fights to secure different powerups/abilities to make new paths and find more bosses and man, does the atmosphere ever run you through the wringer.  Seriously pick this up if you're a fan of exploration and combat games, or hell if you just have an unrivalled passion for killing aquatic life - You'll love it."
,Recommended,401360,24801297,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,VEGAS JORDAN,"Excellent game !This is a Metroidvania which takes place on a flooded Earth.Like said in the digital booklet, you will learn a lot about the lore by watching the different levels.The bosses are well designed and various, and the soundtrack fit perfectly well with the visual.Totally worth the price !"
76561198013746553,Not Recommended,401360,29506278,Posted: 26 January,all,Infinity1967,"The Aquatic Adventure of the Last Human - visit the remains of future Earth under tons and tons of water, discover it's new small & monsterous, peaceful & dangerous inhabitants alikeWhat I liked:- graphic pixel style leaves your own imagination fill in the blanks- Exploring the remains of Earthly civilization under water- interesting boss monster- (fairly weak) upgrades of your sub- decent musicWhat I didn't like- some very long tedious boss fights only- your weak weapons against mostly single hit kills of the enemy- game speed not constant - slow vs suddenly fast without reason (annoying in boss fights)- non-configurable mouse buttons which can hinder your boss battles (ex. weapon selection button)- hard mode only- freeze games bugsAll in all, I got fed up battling the same boss over and over and getting killed by one hit or the sudden faster game speed.Not recommended for the casual players."
76561198059714844,Recommended,401360,21036236,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Horizon | Tirakoni.de,"I played trough this in 4 hours, and I really liked it even if it is pretty short. Here are some things I like and dislike (And some suggestions)Positive:-The bosses were all amazing and fun to fight against-The design is neat-The backgrounds and creatures were all stunning and beautiful-The music was also very atmospheric-It's just fun to play-The monster encylopedia. I just love to read about the monsters I fought in video games!Negative:-The submachine is pretty slow, which makes following point even worse-Maybe I am just being stupid (and I was pretty stupid sometimes) but the game is really confusing sometimes. I fought many of the bosses in the wrong order (Or can you fight most of them like you want? I'm not sure)-I felt like I was watching Captain Planet when reading the Holotapes sometimes. Geez, I get it, Humans are ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s but you can adress that a bit more subtile-The endingSuggestions:-Give the player a map. It does not have to show the upgrades and holotapes, it would just prevent a lot of backtracking and maybe show where the bosses and the travel stations are-Make the sub a bit faster(SPOILERS)-Make more endings. I did not kill more than 5 sea creatures other than the bosses and the latter all attacked me! I even really tried to get past the octopus peacefully! And Osiris is supposed to make me feel bad about it? Well excuse me, next time I'll try to talk with the gigantic zombie fish that's about to eat me instead of fighting it. And there are surely more than one gigantic worm and a kraken in the whole world, so I still do not feel sorry for defending myself. The Experiment was obviously better off dead, the Parasite is really not something that should belong in a healthy world, same for the Forgotten One and the giant Lobster walked into the machine all by himself! Enough ranting, I wanted to suggest something (oops, forgot about that lol) there should be something like good, bad and neutral (or maybe more) endings based on how many creatures you killed (Excluding bosses, because duh) so maybe you can talk with Osiris and let him spare you / or spare him. ( I also really didn't like that the protagonist in shot at Osiris in the end. It felt forced and unnatural(SPOILERS END)All in all, I really liked this game (Even if the wall of text seems to say otherwise at first glance). Even if it was short. But it was really and expierence for me, despite the flaws it has. It was really fun and very beautiful. But you're at the wrong place if you looked for some ultra action packed shoot em up game, because this game is more about the art, atmosphere and the message behind it.Hats off to the developers for making such a amazing game!"
76561198026700243,Recommended,401360,24707864,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,haozertree,"Beautiful and haunting game.  The atmosphere and music are simply fantastic, the gameplay is good.  The bosses are great.  The difficulity may put off some people but if you survived the first boss the rest of the game is great.  In a nutshell if you like pixel graphics, challenging gameplay, good music, with some exploring and major boss fights, this is the game for you.  This game certainly went above my expectations."
,Recommended,401360,20652880,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Ishman,"All combat is only against bosses. Pretty fun metroidvania. Quite short, I beat it in a single afternoon.Very pretty.Extremly patronizing message, very greenpeace."
,Not Recommended,401360,31914201,Posted: 23 May,all,Cohen The Barbarian,"The Aquatic Adventure of the Last Human is a hard game of exploration/adventure/action game with beautiful aspects but undermined with its difficulty.Pros:+ Beautiful pixel art+ Relaxing soundtrack+ Wonder factor+ Cool conceptNeutral:~ Controls: its very tiresome to use a controller, keyboardwise youll lose reflex moves and this game demands of it a lot~ Price: Price looks a bit steep.Cons:- Difficulty: im not against games delivering a challenge. But in a game like this it can become frustrating at times.5/10 Sadly it is a great game and a gem on the surface. Difficulty level of it just didnt work for me. I would have enjoyed the entire game with a more 'relaxed option'. After playing for a time, i ended up quitting it."
,Recommended,401360,20620298,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Busillis,"Finding this game from a Vice article interviewing the creators of the game, about the game, my first impressions from seeing it on the thumbnail was something like ""Wow, look at that art-style!"" and I decided to purchase it.This review is subject to change as I play more of the game, seeing as this is after my first 20 minutes of the game.It's pretty. The ocean is pretty, the graphics are pretty, I really like the aesthetic, the first boss was not pretty and that's a good thing.So far this game is looking pretty-good/10."
76561198238531960,Not Recommended,401360,22385445,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,Arakhion,"TL;DR: Very nice visual style, good boss fights, but that's about it.Aside from the bosses, there is no combat or meaningful player interaction whatsoever. The game is basically wandering around looking for the next boss, and the nonlinear style and incredible hugeness of the environments make it occasionally frustrating, and honestly, a little boring. While there definitely is good lore, backgrounds do look amazing, and the bossfights are challenging and enjoyable, there just isn't enough there to keep me invested. This is all just my personal feelings, so if you like games where the only enemies are bosses, then get it. Otherwise, it's not very entertaining."
,Recommended,401360,20774967,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,CircumSamurai,"A great challenge of a game that has pixel art absurdly filled with detail.+Fun and frustrating unique boss battles not too dissimilar to the boss fights of Dark Souls, just in 2D+Exploration & upgrades reminiscent of Metroid, or Castlevania+Great environmental & enemy pixel art designs+Interesting environment with tidbits of backstory scattered about-Lots of backtracking, but somewhat alleviated by nice scenery and finding new upgrades (And killing lots of innocent fish)-Not much in terms of enemies besides the boss fightsThis game is definitely a worthwhile experience, and is quite a challenging one at that."
,Recommended,401360,20834038,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,Googeish,"This is one of the most difficult game's i've played, with much to explore and beautiful surroundings and awesome music the game really had it all for me.If you're a fan of merciless fun and running into mines, this is the game for you."
,Recommended,401360,20759290,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,Varkhan,"The Aquatic Adventure of the Last Human is a pretty straight-forward journey through the flooded remains of Planet Earth, but it's incredibly satisfying. It scratches a bit of the Metroid-Vania itch, but in a more streamlined fashion. It's mostly about the boss fights and damn if they aren't cool! Figuring out how your lackluster arsenal will function against certain bosses is a treat, albeit frustrating at times. Each time I see a room that looks like a boss room, I am overcome with dread for a moment, only to then steel myself and prepare for the fight to come. It's a fun challlenge that requires skill but also presence of mind.The game is mechanically sound, and while there are some restrictions early on that don't seem to make sense at first, it soon becomes clear the developers had to leave room for progression.The real achievement, in my opinion, is the visual and sound design. I absolutely love the look of it, even though the popular consensus about pixel art, seems to be that it's overdone. In the case of this game, it still feels new and fresh and manages to give depth to the environments as well as the boss fights. The wildlife and underwater flora simply look fantastic.Lastly, the sound design of the game is very interesting. Some sounds are a bit odd, but the underwater atmosphere is oppressive but also comforting at times. The sometimes soothing, other times unnerving sounds of the deep really add depth to the environment. In addition, the musical soundtrack is just perfect for the game, each ""district"" having its own song.Overall, this is a fantastic game you should definitely play!"
76561198031526796,Recommended,401360,20752337,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,Eggsngaming,"Short but sweet Metroidvania style underwater adventure. Eerie and dangerous atmosphere. Bosses are definitely the highlight, with great variety and challenge without being unfair. Incredibly detailed pixel art encourages slow traversal over racing to finish the game as quickly as possible. Having said that, this has potential to be a great game for speedrunners (like many Metroidvanias do)."
,Not Recommended,401360,22138149,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,WHAM,"The Aquatic Adventure of the Last Human tells a story about a little submarine, with said last human inside, roaming through the undersea remains of human civilization in order to piece together what happened to us.****** SPOILER *****We all died.****** SPOILER *****Still reading? Cool.The game tries to be a bit of a metroidvania -sort of affair, with new paths of exploration opening up as you gain new abilities. However, the game is surprisingly limited in it's offerings. The small dev-team and limited resources, unfortunately, show. A few of the boss battles are frustrating as hell and incredibly repetitive (I am looking at you, giant octopus!). The game also lies: it says it can be played with a gamepad. I did, but I would not recommend it. Especially towards the end you need to be able to aim fairly precisely and switch firing directions very quickly, so a gamepad simply could not provide the required level of accuracy, which led to even more frustration.So the gameplay is a bit repetitive, the bosses are frustrating and long and the game has precious few new features to unlock, so what about the story?Sadly, the story, too, is lackluster. There is very little story to go around, most of it is pointless in the end and the method of delivery is boring as well. Almost all story is delivered either via the few large screens that play looped newscasts (no sound) that describe the final moments of humanity, or via text logs you can find in certain buildings.After beating the game, even if I have to admit I like the premise, I didn't enjoy the experience enough to recommend.Playtime: 5+ hours (Single playthrough)Ratings (1-10)Visual: 7Audio: 8Story: 5Gameplay: 7Overall: 7"
76561198014471076,Not Recommended,401360,24146586,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,AigisABC,"tldr: Lack of exploration, wonky controls, wonky boss fightsIf you are looking for a game about exploration, freedom, mysteries, and what lies below the water, basically just a huge game where you explore the ocean depths, you are NOT in the right place. If you are looking for something that looks beautiful but plays like a bad metroidvania, here is your game.I was super excited about this game, I thought it would be a deep sea exploration game. Immediately I was wrong. The game gives you the feeling of being massive and full of exploration, but the game is p much a straight line. You're given the illusion of choices of where to go but are then turned away by roadblocks. This would be fine, Castlevania games do this too, but in Castlevania games this is normally done with shortcuts, special items, or story progress points. Not with whole areas to explore. If the first word in your game's description is ""explore"" and you don't even let your players go to various areas without following the path you want them to go and only letting them go to new places when you want them to, then make a book or a movie. When I play a game I want to ""play"" a game, I want to be active and do what I want to do, not just follow a path until I hit a sign marked end.The controls are also wonky. Your ship is not slow enough to dodge certain attacks and enemies. The harpoon/attack button is on right trigger (playing with controller), which would be fine except holding down attack just makes the attack go further. To do multiple attacks you have to repeatedly press trigger quickly, which hurts after a while. If you are gonna have an attack that requires multiple presses and not a hold down to make it rapid fire, put it on a face button (X, A, Y, B), y'know, those things that are meant to be mashed.Finally, the bosses. The first boss is decent, and it shows attacking and movement. It's a bit clumsy, but still is cool. The second boss is a mess. There is good way to do damage and avoid damage, you are always taking chip damage, and the boss has no tells, so planning your attacks based off what attacks the boss will do is moot. Sometimes the boss does this, sometimes it does that, and its all up to random ai. Furthermore, there are parts in the boss fight that are barely visible. Low visibility, randomness, chip damage, and constant damage do not make a good, interesting, challenging boss, but one that is obnoxious and incredibly boring. Even the other bosses after this are not much better."
,Not Recommended,401360,21050900,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Tro The Chain King,"I know i will get hate for this, but: heres my honest review.The game is not fun. at all. unlike other games in the Metroidvania genre.It isn't about it being too hard, The hotline miami was bloody hard, but i loved it, it's about me not sinking time into a game that feels unbalanced and a waste of my time.maybe one day i will play it again and seee the light. not likely."
76561197993154730,Not Recommended,401360,28947092,Posted: 2 January,all,Argyle Sox,"The atmosphere is beautiful but the bosses aren't fun.  I got to the first one with it's huge HP bar and my pea shooter harpoon and decided it wasn't the game for me.  I like metroidvanias, love underwater games, and loved the atmosphere, but I hate montonous boss fights.Would try again with an easier mode, and that's pretty rare for me to say."
76561197961778348,Recommended,401360,28698345,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Kijuta,"One of the most impressive metrovania's ive played in a long time.  Imo best modern one atm, only way you'll know is by seeing the first few minutes of the game.  Look up gameplay on youtube, make sure not to spoil anything in the game.If you're a fan of old school style metrovania's, you should absolutely like this game!  The story and gameplay mesh perfectly with it, imo i think the story is better than nearly any metrovania i've played(sept the original super metroid of course :p)"
,Not Recommended,401360,26648864,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,crowbar,"This is a barebones game. The only thing that it offers you are boss fights, but even those are not really good, mainly because they are extremely tedious, no matter how good you are. If a boss is no challenge to you, no threat, but you still need to shoot him for ages, then it's just terrible boss design. In between boss fights there is nothing you can do except finding the next boss room. You can find hidden upgrade crates, which are supposed to reward exploration I guess, but exploration in this game is also extremely tedious, because of slow and boring movement. Maybe the game changes things up a bit with new equipment? Not really. You get new things, but you still use the harpoon 99% of the time. It doesn't help that the game comes with some very ridiculous and unneccessary metroidvania elements that don't make any sense.And the ""open"" level design also doesn't help the game in any way, except delaying the time until you find the next boss.Soundtrack also isn't good, but not annoying at least. Apparently a low budget game, and I'm sure hard work and passion went into it, but it's really not a lot of fun imo, mainly because it is just tedious 99% of the time."
76561198004388775,Not Recommended,401360,29380174,Posted: 20 January,all,Sexual Chocolate,"Cool atmosphere, really cool graphics (especially considering it's pixel art), but the bosses are way too over powered for how slowly the sub moves. I bought it on sale for a dollar so I'm not complaining too much. If it's on sale, check it out, otherwise, wait for it to go on sale."
,Recommended,401360,28965152,Posted: 2 January,all,GiggleSquid,Great and interesting game but too many instakill moves from enemies
76561197990194469,Not Recommended,401360,24002501,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Varshyl,The game is fun and I do like the general concept.  It's also quite challenging and the gameplay mostly consist of boss fights.  The main issue I have with this game is that the art direction make it very difficult to see what's going on and many of deaths are due to difficult to spot hazards or attacks.
,Not Recommended,401360,21348954,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,DarkDork,"I really wanted to love this game, becuase it's utterly beautiful. It's stunning Literally, the art is better than I have seen in a /long/ time. It's got some serious atmosphere and the msusic fits the landscapse like a glove. I mean, visually the thing is a masterpiece. The trouble comes in at the gameplay portion. Game is made up of a bucnh of big ol' bosses that you have to go and kill in a wonderful underwater setting, but swimming around this dystopian waterpark isn't as fun as you imagine it. The real meat of the game is just the bosses and the to and fro is... really kind of dull. Sure, i'ts visually stunning, but all of teh obstacles are repetative and few and far between, you rsub is pretty slow making navigation slow going, and theres really nothing to do or find other than a couple bland text explanations of the story through journals and some power-ups that buffs defense or attack a tad. Other than that the entire world is really just a crossroads for the bosses.Now this would be alright if the bosses were pulse pounding fun buns, but they're... In my humble opinion... By far the weakest link in the game. The best way to explain them is ""So hard it's hard."" The diffuculty doesn't stem from challenging maneuvering or puzzling ways of defeating them. It's lame design. The speed of your sub manages to make dodging things a real pain AND feel un-exciting. The bosses attacks are generally far faster than yours, and a lot of the dodging factor is either luck orpainstakinglycalculating each attack and dodging them just so you can get a hit or two in, which generally lands you at ten-minute unvaried battles, only lengthy becuase of how much time you have to spend swimming away and not fighting. Your primary weapon, the harpoon, was probobaly my least favorite part of combat. It requires a really long charge-up period to actually get some good distance, which even FURTHER adds to how lengthy and tedious the battles are. Even then the range is poor and you'll probobaly end up just barely falling short on most of your shots. My final problem witht he game stems from the bosses themselves. Most have them have balls to the wall massive health bars, and though they're all varied in terms of gameplay strategies, they're generally all a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥ By far the top culprit for me was The Tranquil, which sucks. I love octopuses. The Tranquil kinda just sits there as it flails four massive tentacles at you, that slowly move back and forth across the screen. Even touching them wille eliminate roughly a third of your health and if you get caught against two or one smashes you against the wall? Game over. Back to the beginning of the fight. (By the way, this doesn't just apply to the tranquil. You die? Back to square one.) You have to slooowly take down the segments of the tentacles, chop them off, and only then can you shoot it's eyes and mouth to take down it's health. At about a third it will suddenly regrow all three tentacles and start it all over again, but with an extra flail attack that is practically unpredictable. It's tentacles extened waaay farther then their normal length and if you haven't already gotten out of the way, you're doomed. This really brings it all down to luck. Wrong place wrong time? Start over for you. You have to repeat the tentacle chop eye process a couple times and then its dead. Eeeeeeh....I'm sure there are some people out there who cleared it all on their first try and look at this thinking (Lol$ n00b.) But for me, I found it way more frusterating than challenging. The bosses wern't difficult becuase they made you put your skill to work, they were difficult becuase beating them meant a whole ton of long and tedious trial and error, and boring camping technuiqes that drew the fight out way longer than it should have.I really respect the game's art and I think they did an absolutley amazing job in the department, but the gameplay is just really under par."
,Recommended,401360,23386618,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,geminidoesgames,"Not too bad of a game, but could have been presented better, I think.https://youtu.be/kbkvQeq0egY"
76561198027254193,Recommended,401360,28147605,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Bob,Worth every cent
,Recommended,401360,21867548,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Arby,Best
76561198170220230,Recommended,401360,30072091,Posted: 20 February,all,Winston,"While the boss fights are almost too difficult, they are still fair. I like the aesthetic and soundtrack too."
76561198035399253,Not Recommended,401360,29758822,Posted: 7 February,all,Ty,"This game is really good. It's really really good... BUT.But after spending 45 minutes on the final boss (A good boss, most of them are) and finally killing him, the game crashed with an ""OUT OF MEMORY"" error. He was still alive when I reloaded and I watched the ending on Youtube.I recommend this game, but only to people who are going to read the negative reviews and can take the bad with the good. There's a lot of both. I had to turn off particle effects early on because they kept crashing the game. The text boxes are almost unreadable because the strange way the font scales does not agree with my 1280x720 TV.There are no invincibility frames after getting hit, so enemies and hazards hurt you as fast as they can collide with you. You bounce away when you're hit, which alleviates the issue when you're up against a single enemy, but if two or more enemies come from opposing sides they will trap you in the middle and kill you in literal miliseconds, and the game LOVES throwing mobs at you. Most fights end very abruptly.All that aside, The Aquatic Adventure of the Last Human is a very open underwater exploration game in a harsh apocalyptic world. It's most comperable to Titan Souls, if you've played that. You spend long tranquil periods exploring the world. There are environmental hazards, but no actual enemies besides the bosses. The bosses are huge, varied, creatively designed both visually and mechanically, and really make the most of the concepts of the game's setting. If you liked the gameplay loop of Titan Souls, if you liked the madcap world of Ace of Seafood, if you're looking for a Metroidvania that doesn't bottleneck you mercilessly or hold your hand, and if you're willing to put up with some real BS, check it out."
76561198096612257,Recommended,401360,26678995,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,tk,敵のデザインが中々グロくて見応えあってたのしい
76561198357392882,Recommended,401360,29435025,Posted: 22 January,all,Cyan Pawn,amazing
,Not Recommended,401360,33896733,Posted: 29 July,all,Krogoth,The combat is average at best and frustrating more often than not. That's a pity since the game looks great and has a solid soundtrack.
,Recommended,401360,28777050,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Scarecrow,Beautiful game. Really makes you feel small in a big world. Game is comprised of boss fights and navigating to them.This game won't hold your hand.A rare gem. Strongly recommend.Edit: Great devs. Mentioned bug and it was quickly fixed :)
76561198127710459,Recommended,401360,28888673,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,zerimir,"amazing game and great story, its a tad bit difficult though. but its basically a horror/gore styled underwater metroid game. it needs alot more spotlight on it and its roughly a 5 hour game. sadly, there isnt much replay value for me with this because i hated two of the bosses cause he was such a pain."
76561198051457650,Recommended,401360,24541234,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Teknodiktaattori,"The atmosphere is great, the bosses are great, the music is great, the controls are great.All in all...Great game. 8.5/10"
76561198086243495,Recommended,401360,24683331,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Scooter,"Fantastic game.  It's very tough, very beautiful and very fun.  Ghostly and relaxing,I fought these crazy bosses a thousand times just to see a lower level of mankind's self-destruction!"
76561197970993826,Recommended,401360,20687059,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Crazed Hobo,A great game.  Fun and calming to explore with a nice variety of bosses.  Short but as long as it needs to be without needless padding.
,Recommended,401360,20678952,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,DecalService,"EDIT: Recommending game again. There was a bug that prevented progress, but dev fixed it in a very quick period of time!I played it and yelled ""YOU PEANUSSSS!"" at every boss after the 5th+ attempt at beating them. See, I'm not the most patient guy when it comes to tough bosses, but this game made me want to keep trying. That, right there, says a whole lot. Don't get me wrong, it's not Ys level of boss difficulty, even on normal, but it's still challenging and requires precision and methodology.Recommended. Someone said this was like an underwater Shadow of the Colossus and I fully concur."
76561198071697160,Recommended,401360,20693039,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Deckard,"Wonderful artwork, great soundtrack, and fitting atmosphere. I've only played this a wee bit and I can already tell I'm going to enjoy this game thoroughly. Being the last human alive (assumedly) is a little sad and it's this feeling that draws me into the game. What happened to the Earth? Where was my ship all this time? Why is all the aquatic life three hundred percent bigger than when I left? Pick this game up if you like Metroid, SOTN, or explor-y type old school games. Or just plain pick it up anyways, because its damn good."
76561197970815119,Recommended,401360,20699286,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,cyb-009,"It's all relaxing exploration and taking in the atmosphere, wondering what happened to all the humans......untill you get run over by a giant worm as high as a skyscraper that spits it's babies at you.And the bosses only get more dangerous after that.The good:Beautiful pixel art underwater world with lots of (mostly) harmless fishies to admire, or shoot if you feel like it.Fun exploration, every part of the map feels new and different, exploration pays off and the save system makes sure you do not have to travel too far if you get yourself killed.Interesting story and haunting visuals of slowly collapsing cities.Good save system that (mostly) saves your game right before bosses so you can decide to look for more upgrades if you feel overpowered.And the bosses, oh those bosses. Every boss is unique and requires a different approach and sometimes clever use of the weapons you found to defeat them. Experimentation and finding the right tools can be the difference between success or failure.Bosses are sometimes VERY difficult, but not in a very frustrating way, since you always get rewarded for experimenting with your weapons and tactics, plus you can destroy some of their ""weapons"" to skew the fight in your favour.The devs are very active with bugswatting and advice in my experience.And the bad(ish):The quicktravel map is not very clear, but gets the job done.No total map view as far as I could find, but this is just a minor quibble.One irritating save during ""The Chaingang"" bossfight, but you can escape the fight if you explore the arena so you can tackle it later.A few crashes, but nothing game breaking and it looks like the devs are on top of it.So it's  a lot like shadow of the colossus, underwater with monster fish and that is a very good thing."
,Recommended,401360,28428379,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,eltee,"(8.5/10)An interesting little gem in retro-exploration-bossrush-metroidvania style.  The fights are some of the most daunting but extremely satisfying I've ever seen, and the overall tone is both intriguing and melancholy.  You don't fight because you want to, or because theres things to be gained, you generally fight because you have to, and theres no other way out of each encounter.Beautiful but haunting music throughought, very spartan but appropriately so retro visuals, and extremely responsive but limited controlls really add to the overall aesthetic experience.Highly reccomended for those who like any of the above genres, and want both a challenging but overall satisfying run through a fallen/empty world."
,Not Recommended,401360,25791292,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Löchetic,"Great idea overall, but the implementation was flawed. Considering the price range, I would have expected more out of the game."
,Not Recommended,401360,33503187,Posted: 13 July,all,Pierzasty,"Terrible pixel scaling, floaty visuals give me vertigo, overall game feels clunky, unpolished and crashy. Seeing as the forum doesn't give me any solutions but tons of bug complaints , I requested a refund."
,Recommended,401360,21646963,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Infin8,Boss fights in this game had me clenching my buttcheeks with excitement. Pretty innovative stuff too. Fair to compare it to dark souls heh.
,Recommended,401360,20669820,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,moonge,10/10
,Recommended,401360,25642115,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,fare67t,"Pretty good game.Abit short, frustrating, and lacking of endgame contentpretty much all you unlock is a boss rush mode and the exact same game, but with all of your upgradesBut hey, still decent and beautiful.PS: I beat The Guardian in one try (2nd form took 3, but still)"
,Recommended,401360,23144522,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,hshhhhh,Should you buy it? Should if you like Knytt
76561198253019509,Recommended,401360,21199377,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Maryp0ppins,"Great game, not much else to say."
76561198050072837,Recommended,401360,28191090,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Undertaker Infinity,"-Great ambience-grungy layered pixels give it a touch of retro-exploring is nice but there's some backtracking, though the game is not that big and there's fast travel at save stations.-no enemies outside of bosses-bosses are good-some boss mechanics are unclear-some bosses have lengthy intros and you will die very often. Seeing the intro for the 10th time in minutes is not fun.-No epilogue"
76561198086097077,Recommended,401360,21169322,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Local_Wizard,This game is good. Real good.
,Recommended,401360,20778210,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,🍌CBw/C🍌,"Tastes like classic sci-fi novels and bullet hellwere there not other people in the room, the octopus would have made me cry :'("
76561197991960188,Not Recommended,401360,23285183,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Zen,"I wanted to love this game. Actually, I was sure I would. Metroidvania style? Check. Awesome graphics? Check. Cool Music? Check. Awesome setting? Check?My issues stems from 2 things that have realy negatively impacted my experience.1)I cannot use my dualshock 4 gamepad to control the game, and since I'm playing on a laptop without a mouse, I have immense trouble fighting bosses.2) You travel too slow. I'll die and respawn about 5 minutes away from where I want to be.Check it out but understand it is rough around the edges and very difficult."
76561197998826460,Recommended,401360,22729677,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,chubbop,"This game is nice. It is like Dark Souls just with submarine. I like it, but it wasn´t nothing for me (like Dark Souls)."
,Not Recommended,401360,24213411,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Cartof,Unfortunately i really cannot recommend this game. While the pixel art is not bad i think the boss fights are a bit hard.. reaction times are too fast and the 2-3 hit deaths are awful.. Also a bit overpriced title. Really sorry.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n8cGtKAyotY
,Not Recommended,401360,20644361,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,JamieTheD,"Fights and struggles, whether those of Humanity's last moments, or those with aquatic beasties that I'm assuming are descendants of Humanity's final ♥♥♥♥ ups, ought to make you feel something. The concept that humankind actually managed to not only preserve some documents for 100,000+ plus years after their death, but also a McDonalds building should make me feel something. A giant worm about to wreck my♥♥♥♥♥♥ or seahorses, or some of the magically regenerating other bosses (No really, it's FM: F-ing Magic) should make me feel... Well, *anything*.But I feel nothing. I don't feel any adrenaline during the boss fights, because often, it's a matter of dodging the boss while waiting for a few seconds to charge my harpoon, release at roughly the right moment, rinse, repeat (Until you're then asked to use saws, and torpedoes)... No rush, no disappointment when I die (Because usually, it's either because I failed the fight, didn't know how the boss works, or, occasionally, something wasn't quite as saw-able or torp-able as I thought it was at first), no ""♥♥♥♥ you, game!""Nothing. No annoyance. No amusement. No adrenalin rush. No enjoyment."
,Recommended,401360,28238048,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Dr. Shrugs,Fish tank adventures.
,Not Recommended,401360,20684594,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,🐧 crow,the controls in this game are unforgiveably bad. all other positives pale before the simple fact that it sucks to actually play this game.
,Recommended,401360,29450149,Posted: 23 January,all,High Hopes,I havent played a lot at all but its fun. The art style is amazing and the soundtrack is good too. I got it on sale so I wouldnt say this is worth 10 bucks but if you see it on sale then definitely pick it up.
,Not Recommended,401360,28757250,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Makadon,"Yet another metroidvania, in disguise."
,Not Recommended,401360,20650898,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,azirphaeli,"At devs, as much as I want to enjoy this game, spending hours trying to fight a single boss because his damaged tentacles somehow hit you anyways and one shot you or knock you to your death is not very fun. Especially when the entire mechanic of the fight is that you are supposed to cut through them so you can damage the boss.Also, not sure if the devs are native english speakers, but there's a few typo type errors and some of the logs are hard to understand or are confusingly written.You may want to address the glitchiness. I'll change it to a yes when it feels finished."
,Not Recommended,401360,28686883,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Slinky & Snudis,"I want to revew positive because I like the game style, I don't mind the slow moving sub, but my first few encounters with the first boss killed it for me. The worm sucks, it's a boring boss, a grind, I want to explore more, but I'm not prepared to get RSI just to beat the boring worm."
76561198100401897,Not Recommended,401360,20648334,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,ehkay40s3v3n,"I would like to recommend this, but after playing for literally 3 minutes the game keeps crashing upon the very first boss battle (big worm)....very annoying when you knock him down to 1% life left to have it freeze over and over.  Who the eff allowed this to launch when you have game halting bugs in less than 5 min of gameplay?"
,Not Recommended,401360,24668876,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Threskiornis moluccus,the dark souls knockoff of bathtimes
76561198067219045,Not Recommended,401360,22734848,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,HalfPint,You assumed I wanted to play
,Not Recommended,401360,20638448,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,5 Bears On Patrol,"♥♥♥♥ this horrible backtracking, slow as balls, waste my time with a massive corridor then a locked ♥♥♥♥ing door.This game is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t."
76561198045752399,Recommended,401360,21183519,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,"Krog, Almighty Toad","This game is a great experience that will leave you stunned when you finish. If you like games that you can learn stuff about life from, then this is for you."
76561197970606429,Recommended,401360,20650482,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Will G,Since my first play of this there have been some fixes so lets take a look again. Things are looking good but I'm still confused as to what is going on.Check out my latest video below for this game and subscribe for other gameshttps://youtu.be/WZIi2aNPBX0
,Recommended,401360,21578962,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Razdan,"Short game with a ton of unlocks and replayability! Has a very cool visual style and fitting soundtrack, I'd reccomend this to anyone and especially to Metroidvania fans!"
76561198246586850,Recommended,401360,25845213,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,christianmabe,"Simple, yet not shallow at all, The Aquatic Adventure of the Last Human has been one of the most entertaining games i've played in years. The beautiful world is captivating as well as challenging. Boss battles are unique, each boss bringing something new to the table forcing the player to adapt in order to overcome. The boss battles are no cakewalk either. I found myself going back multiple times in attempt to beat whatever crazy creature was in front of me. As difficult as the bosses are, they're not impossible. In fact every failure at beating them was always my fault. In the spirit of Dark Souls, when a boss is finally beat, I felt a great sense of accomplishment.   My only complaint with TAAOTLH would be how short the game is. It was only a few hours long and I was dissapointed that it was over so quickly. All in all this is a fantastic game that is well worth the money. Its short but sweet story is something that I will not be forgeting anytime soon."
76561198192282402,Recommended,401360,25849953,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Dante Z,"Good game,fantatic music,but bugs keep me upset.Nearly beat The worm,game crashed  :(Died two times facing The forgotten one,game crashed :(By the time bugs fixed,I will change my point.（So now I change it）"
76561197973052125,Recommended,401360,29389199,Posted: 20 January,all,Lord Dyran,Pretty pixel graphics.  Open-world Metroidvania style game.  Really hard boss fights.  It's a lot of fun.
,Recommended,401360,29618155,Posted: 31 January,all,_Uli,"An unique Metroidvania with an Atmospheric settingOne of the highlights of TAAOTLH  is how inmersive and atmospheric is the game, very unique and fascinating to discover , Gameplay is fun with strong emphasys on Boss fighting and overwhelming opponents , definitly a worthy experience !Some words of warning !!........ this game has very brutal difficulty and is the kind of ""Early game hell"" wich is part of the oppresive experience , if you feel frustrated check the steam forums, you will discover useful tips for beating the game and having an enjoyable experience."
,Recommended,401360,29633214,Posted: 1 February,all,Sex Goat,"This game is really hard to recommend. The atmosphere and ambience are definitely there. The boss battles are pretty good for the most part. Challenging, frustrating at times, they all feel fairly unique. However, there is nothing in between them, but the scenery. Sure, you'll be dodging the occasional mine or other hazard, but there are no enemies in the game, aside from the bosses. Which isn't a big problem for me, but some people may not like the style of the game. There isn't really much of a story to the game itself, not much reason is given as to what you are doing. You can uncover some backstory through the audio logs, but there isn't much context for them since they are just 1 or 2 sentences and there is no indication of when the events described happened, and the slow speed at which the words appear will make you not want to read them anyway.If you do plan on buying the game, be aware that there are some serious issues with the game crashing. Some people are incapable of getting past certain points because their game consistently crashes. I myself have had the game crash because of serious errors multiple times.Overall, if an underwater exploration game with boss fights here and there is what you are looking for, this is a pretty decent game to put some time into, though consider waiting for a sale, since the game is not very stable."
76561198328032171,Recommended,401360,29959699,Posted: 16 February,all,Gaiden,"The game does an amazing job at immersing the player into the game with the story and gameplay style. Only flaws I found was that the game would slow down at random point seldom occasionally and lag and crash. Other than that, great game."
76561198038821249,Recommended,401360,29785183,Posted: 8 February,all,"Lunk, #1 hero",This game is amazing! Hard enough to be challenging but also extremelly fun! Just be sure to disable Particle Effects in the graphics menu because otherwise the game will not work properly.
,Recommended,401360,29808233,Posted: 9 February,all,Pluffles,This game is fun if you don't want to beat it because it will always crash when you beat the final boss. Also if you click in a screen transition. or when you die. or sometimes just for ♥♥♥♥♥ and giggles.
76561198086744770,Recommended,401360,30255940,Posted: 28 February,all,Rin,"A wonderful little game to briefly mystify and challenge you, causing you to grin as you finally fell one monstrous creature, uncovering a new component to add to your ship, that just may clear a once blocked off path.With one achievement related to killing some fish aside, a 100% run took me approx. 5-6 hours. I don't usually review games, but I felt that i should share my thoughts on this little gem that you may stumble across...First off, I played this through with a controller. Worked perfectly fine for me, however I did not once try out keyboard+m, so how those controls handle are you for you to discover. Controls were simple and easy to learn and did not once trouble me throughout my session. Which is definitely a plus as even one control bug would have probably made a c e r t a i n encounter my last.I encountered no bugs at all in my playthrough, so mechanically, everything was sound. These two points I want to get out of the way first, the reason being that, if there had been a single control or gameplay issue during any of the difficult parts of my experience, I would have most likely quit then and there. Thankfully, that was not so.Now, this game is a metroidvania, of sorts. There is not a single enemy to be encountered asides from the bosses, of which there are a good many. As you travel between bosses, you'll encounter typical paths that are blocked off until you have equipment to handle obstacles later on. Most of the bosses you face will generally drop critical upgrades to your ship.The bosses are all different, no two boss behaves quite the same (well, with the exception of the aforementioned encounter,) and you'll most definitely die numerous times. However, the respawn location is immensely forgiving, dropping you right outside the boss chamber every time (except, of course, with mr. problematic.) Some of the bosses may vex you a little, especially early on, but you generally are not limited to that one area, and can (most of the time) back-trek and explore a different path, and may encounter a boss that you'll have a better time with, that just may provide you with something helpful.I enjoyed almost every boss I fought, as the design of the encounter, their own artistic design, and the music were all engaging and intruiging for me to push forward. Hell, even one of the bigger(est) bosses that challenged me for nearly an hour was just such a great battle that I pushed through multiple (stupid) deaths.Now, while you're pushing through, there are a ton of secrets hidden away in many many different places. Chances are you'll probably miss a good amount, and eventually begin questioning how to find one of these. My advice is to stay as blind as you can going through the game. If you pay good attention, you'll find yourself stumbling upon more secrets than you'd expect. Whats more, you'll find a certain thing towards the very end of the game that will help you find any secrets you may have missed. SO keep that blindfold on.There are two secrets that, honestly, I don't understand why they're secrets. One makes every normal-behaving boss fight a cake-walk once you get it, the other I couldn't imagine surviving beating the game without. Both are hidden away quite well, and I'd strongly recommend keeping an eye out for potential secret areas once you get deeper into the game.With all of that out of the way, if you're still trying to decide whether or not this game is for you (Hint: its cheap enough that i'd strongly recommend it), I have some words about the final boss you face. Spoilers, even though I'll still keep it rather toned down.The final boss, compared to all of the other bosses (ok, all except one that hardly counts,) the Final Big Baddie is the most ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t thing you can run into. Your initial weapon, the weapon that you have relied on for the entierity of the game, is now completely useless. It does not help whatsoever. The only way to kill the first phase is by using the last weapon that you probably got just under an hour ago. And its kind of stupid. Also stupid is, while it may have just been a bug for me, i did not respawn just before the boss, but instead at the save station a little distance from the boss. A mild annoyance, i guess, but considering it was the first time I didn't spawn right at the boss chamber, and I was already annoyed at the boss and had to go an extra distance to get back to it, eh.Its the second phase, however, where I really got annoyed. Not only are you still restricted to the one weapon you just got, you can now only hurt the boss when its weak/exposed. Which takes some time to happen. And did I mention that the projectiles on the weapon are kinda ♥♥♥♥♥♥ to aim, in that they shoot in the direction you're facing, and thats it for your aim? Yeah.So now you have to survive until the weak point is exposed, to get one shot off. You have to do this four times, and each turn becomes more excrutiatingly difficult and easy to die in. If I had not gotten an upgrade for the (otherwise useless) drone that allows it to absorb projectiles it comes in contact with I would have most likely gone to the tipping point of giving up, for the boss adopts the mechanics of an earlier boss in that you can (rather easily) get trapped in its tentacles and instantly crushed to death if you trip up slightly.For how engaging almost all of the other bosses in the game turned out to be, the final boss almost pushed me to the edge of quitting, however I got lucky on my last go and managed to fight it in one of the more ideal spots. However, I can not possibly imagine how this fight would go if I had not gotten the upgrade prior to going in, or if I would have had a chance of winning.With that one (although its the final) encounter aside, I genuinely enjoyed much of the game. It was a good 6 hours spent over the past two nights, and, honestly, if you have the coin to spare, this is a pretty decent gem to pick up."
,Recommended,401360,33700352,Posted: 21 July,all,N00byGamerPlayz,This game is good! I love underwater metroidvania! I can be challenging but fair.
,Recommended,401360,34402839,Posted: 21 August,all,OC/DC,"Explore a thriving ecosystem, growing over the ruins of civilisation, and do what humans do best.Classic action-exploration formula, but with a tragic twist; empowerment and progress are placed behind ecological destruction and aquatic murder."
76561198062710245,Not Recommended,401360,34556017,Posted: 28 August,all,snapperfisch,"caant be arsed to♥♥♥♥♥♥about with bosses that attack outside of my viewing range a camera i cant control and doesnt extend to where im aiming and a laboriously slow main attack that i causing me rsi, have you ever played a flash game before? maybe use some of the advancements in that genre, you may have to go back to 2006."
,Recommended,401360,34795110,Posted: 7 September,all,MM2 Woodman,"The first enemy you encounter is a boss with a one hit kill, good luck"
,Recommended,401360,35456132,Posted: 3 October,all,Quickdraw Kid,"A nice exploration game. The artwork and exploration are the main draw, but the boss fights are also pretty good.You will spend a lot of time backtracking and wondering where you are supposed to go.It is possible (not a bug) to screw yourself by missing key upgrades and getting stuck in a near impossible boss fight. So, if a place is dark and you lack a lantern, think twice about going in there."
