user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,401680,23123523,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,TAKE CARE ALL :),I'm waiting for Postal 2 Redux ;)
,Recommended,401680,23104229,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Junpei,"If you loved the original Postal, you'll love this.If you love Postal 2, give the first Postal a look before buying, it's a completely different type of game.If you don't know what Postal is, keep reading.Postal was released in 1997 and created a ton of controversy for it's violence. Sure, it may be tame by todays standards, but back then, this game was targeted by tons of groups. It wasn't that the game was bloody (though it is), but the manner in which the violence is depicted. Roughly 1/3 of the people you get ot kill in this game are civillians. Some of them will crawl along the ground after being shot, saying things like ""I can't feel my legs"". It does paint a pretty disturbing, if a bit darkly humorous, picture.So what's it all about?That's almost a mystery. What we know is, there's a guy named ""Postal Dude"" who is evicted from his home and is getting shot at by the authorities. If you read the manual, he believes a large portion of the population in his town have some sort of sickness. However, in-game, the messages before the levels are just bleak and sometimes downright evil. Aside from these messages, there isn't much to go on. As such, you can draw up tons of conclusions in this game. That's one of the things that makes it so intriguing (as well as the atmosphere in general). The whole game takes on a very, again, disturbing tone. Not quite Manhunt level of disturbing, but it can still be pretty unsettling.The game is played from a top-down perspective. It controls, now, like a modern twin-stick shooter. Each level has a set number of people you have to kill (or you can opt to kill the entire population on the stage). Once you kill enough, the exit will open. It's a fairly short experience. Each level will take 4-5 minutes to clear (with the later stages taking a bit longer, obviously). There are 17 stages in all, as well as a Rampage mode where you try and string together kills to get a high score.Gameplay-wise, the game is simple. You point, you shoot, you walk, you shoot some more, you pick up more weapons and health, repeat this until the level ends. It's simple, and pretty fun, but it does wear thin pretty quickly (the game will be over before you're completely bored with it, though). The AI isn't particularly smart, but it does seem like some of the pathfinding issues have been ironed out since the original.Graphics-wise, the game looks fantastic when compared to the original. I thought that the newer character models did give it an overall more ""cartoony"" feel, but it's still a great upgrade. The redrawn maps are beautiful, and everything is animated nicely. However, if you don't know what to expect from the original Postal, this game will still look extremely dated if you're expecting a modern-looking game.Some of the sounds have been revamped, but most of the levels are still devoid of any kind of music. You still get the creepy ambient sounds, the great environmental sounds, and all the other good stuff, but I really wish that RWS would have composed some tracks for the campaign. Rampage mode does have music, and it's very up tempo and fits in with the gameplay.Overal, Postal Redux accomplishes what it wanted to. It updated the graphics, gameplay, and overall experience of the original Postal. Is Postal still a good game to play in 2016? It's definitely fun in small doses, but it does come off as very primitive these days. I still enjoy myself, but I can understand how someone would favor newer twin-stick shooters over this game.+ Graphical overhaul+ New weapons+ Rampage mode+ Still as atmospheric as ever+ Revamped controls- Short- Very basic when compared to newer games of its kindFor fans of the original Postal: 9/10 (doesn't include expansion levels)For newcomers: 6/10It would have been a bit higher, but $15 for this game, if you've never played Postal and don't exactly know what you're getting into, it might seem a bit steep. It's a definite purchase at <$10"
,Recommended,401680,32780103,Posted: 25 June,all,kinky steve,"metacritic can go fᴜck itself, this is the most fun i've had with a $1.50 since my trip to taiwan"
76561198073244588,Recommended,401680,23109411,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Bad Luck Bootsy,"First off, I would like to congradulate Running With Scissors for not making a top down shooter that controlled like a tricycle missing one of the wheels. On a serious note, the control is FAR better than what the original POSTAL had. This time around, I was able to ambush and bomb rush the enemies that are out for my blood. With the new controls, I was able to dodge missles and other projectiles more easily than in the original game. As for the presentation, the hand drawn stages look really nice and mesh well with the 3D models of the characters. Another thing that I liked was the wide variety of NPC's that you can kill and the animations that play when they're not quite dead yet.  I also enjoyed the inclusion of the revolver, as it allowed me to kill most enemies with one hit. Additionally, the new Rampage mode is tons of fun, as I found it thrilling to gun down as many people as I could in the area around me.Although I find POSTAL Redux a good game, I have some issues. First off, although I praised the presentation earlier, sometimes dead bodies clip through the various objects in the scenery, which kind of bothered me. Another thing I didn't like is how they didn't elaborate of Postal Dude's background and why he's doing this whole thing in the first place. Instead, the game just throws you into the action after the title card for the level. Additionally, I disliked how the enemies in the stages didn't really try to come after you once the level started. Instead, they would stand around until you approached them or shot them while they were standing there. Finally, I don't like how the game doesn't elaborate on who the people at the end of the game are, as it leaves us wondering who are the people keeping the Dude locked up.Despite all this, I find POSTAL Redux to be far superior to the original game that came out in 1997. If you are a fan of the POSTAL series, top-down shooters, and shooting everything in your path, than this game is for you. If this doesn't quite tickle your fancy, check out POSTAL 2 instead.My final score is a 8/10"
76561198154098479,Recommended,401680,23101679,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,468528456,"Finally, I got my red coat back.It's POSTAL in a better engine with better controls, if you enjoyed the original then pick this up. The art is gorgeous in HD.For all others, go play something else."
,Recommended,401680,23175520,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,erik6767,"After waiting for this game to come out since the moment it was announced, I'd say that my opinions about POSTAL Redux are a bit mixed. I like this game, but I wanted to love it. Here are the pros and cons.Pros:*Better gameplay than the original, it plays like an actual 3/4 isometric shooter, no-more tank controls.*Rampage mode is awesome, especially that alternate ending!*The new remastered OST is amazing, I just wish that all of them were remastered and not just most. Also amazing are the tracks for Rampage mode*The levels are even more gorgeous than the originals, and I like how animated they are with car lights flicking on and off and flies around garbage, among other things.*The new revolver and carnival levels are awesome, I love shooting clowns!Cons:*Biggest one, the new ending. I understand why RWS changed the original ending, but what they replaced it with is just boring. The original ending sequence with the school kids was shocking and gut wrenching, it left me shivering by the time the credits rolled. Here, the ending is just...I don't get it. Why is he at a grave? Why is he fainting? The original ending had an obvious meaning showing the depths of the P. Dude's madness, here I have no clue what's going on. And as much as RWS may deny it, they certainly did change it because of outside influence, Vince Desi even says as much in their recent Playboy interrview.* The new cutscene art is a mixed bag. While they're certainly faithful recreations, I feel they're too smooth, too digital. Maybe this is due to tech limits of computer screens in '97, but the original artworks had texture to them, they all looked gritty and acidic, like you'd burn your hand if you reached out and touched them. In Redux, some of the art is amazing, like the Construction Site and Trailer Park, but others like the Parade and the Mine look cartoonish, almost like they're from a children's story book. I wish RWS had gotten Randy Briley, the original artist from '97, to do remakes of his old work.* Weapons need for umph to them, right now they're rather unexciting to use. They need to sound louder, deadlier, they ought to push the player back, have recoil, feel like actual guns. Also, they oughta be balanced more in terms of when the player gets them. Halfway through the game the player already has most weapons.I suppose that's it, besides some misc. glitches which I'm sure RWS will fix through patches. Like I said, mixed feelings, but I'd go so far as to say that if you love the POSTAL series and wanna support RWS and don't mind the cons listed above, go ahead and buy it."
,Recommended,401680,28668072,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Atlan,Better than Hatred
,Recommended,401680,24712080,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,TheDisableBore,Postal 1 and Redux : Legitimately terrifying game of a man who goes on a killing spree for ambigous reasons with mental instability and madness themes.Postal 2 : Do chores for your crappy wife and cope with being married and bipolar.
,Recommended,401680,23137017,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Box,"mom made you do homework? dad told you to wash the dishes today? never fear, 13 year old angst child, this game has got you covered."
,Recommended,401680,23130936,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,CAVALOCANTE,"When I first played the original Postal, I didn't like it wery much. I liked the concept, but the game itself felt broken. This version fixes the problems the original had and adds some new features. I reccomend it strongly."
,Not Recommended,401680,23835474,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,camXmile,"No school in the redux version? Cut off your balls, Vince! But I guess you have none already. And the new achievements pictures are bad."
,Recommended,401680,25763315,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,MicrowaveOven♔,Keeps those mass shooting urges at bay
,Recommended,401680,25596085,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Munkee,"I was happy with my classic POSTAL and even my POSTAL 2 games.Few days ago I was sitting here with some cash, and was considering buying Hatred instead, cuz of how much I loved POSTAL. Then it clicked, why buy a game LIKE POSTAL, when I could just buy a game I loved originally and with improvements?The classic's main issue for me, is it felt like 99% the game you just could use your default rifle, cuz the rest of the weapons minus rpg was kinda useless to play with..This game made all weapons fantastic and fun to play with. Even the throwables, even if I rarely use them.The game is fair, only issues I feel is that corners feel a bit off. Like, I will be on the middle of a wall and somehow it looks like I am shooting through a whole building into a enemy.Only way I can see to improve this game, maybe multiple endings? Like if you only kill hostiles, kill everyone, or just kill whoever you feel like.Or if they let you grab someone and just instantly kill them. Kinda like when they crawl on the ground. Cuz sometimes I am missing a shotgun point blank so would fix that problem.9/10"
,Recommended,401680,23105636,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,♥ Boner ♥,"Running With Scissors did everything right, thats how a remake should be, its exactly the game we love just in a new look, and some new stuff.Bad things first: Badly... the game is... a bit easy....So much to this, now the good things.A new level.A new weapon.A new Mode.They changed the ""School"" ending to... oh no i dont want to spoiler.The levels are now connected to each other to creat the look of an campaign.Grenades and Mines are no longer weapons, you can throw them seperately.Spraycannon (now AA12) and Shotgun dont share the same ammo anymore.All at one, it creats a different gameplay to the old gameFor postal fans a MUST HAVE, the game feels RIGHT (except of the dark design you know)Newcomer better buy the non-remake game, if you dont like it you dont waste so much money.The combination of ""story"" and arcade works damn good, and it feels more different from the old game as it looks, but that means to be good."
,Recommended,401680,23104352,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Brick,"Good old Postal, but now more user-friendly than ever.Right now it might seem to be a bit shorter than the older version, and the ending is changed. That doesn't really affect the fun, though."
,Recommended,401680,23143024,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Hopsa Häjsa Kolokejsa,"First off I would like mention that this game (and also original POSTAL) are very different from POSTAL 2, while POSTAL 2 was a political satire game POSTAL and POSTAL Redux are very different... So what is POSTAL Redux? POSTAL Redux is a high definition remake of original POSTAL. In this game you take control of guy named Postal Dude who (as his name suggests) is going postal. Your objective here is simple: Kill anyone who stands in your way before he can kill you. You can choose from wide variety of weapons that have been in original POSTAL, but also whole new revolver weapon. You have chance to see 17 levels from POSTAL remastered in high definition, including a new level called Carnival.  The game now of course has much better sound quality and also HD loading screens art, HD sprites and HD levels background. Oh and the controls are nowmuchbetter, while the controls in original POSTAL felt kind of clumsy, in this game they are pretty nice... So will you like this game? Well that's very subjective, so I can't really tell for sure but if you are fan of POSTAL or similar games i think you may like it and even if you haven't played POSTAL (or any other game from Postal series) i still recommend you to at least give it a shot and see if you like it."
,Recommended,401680,31886829,Posted: 21 May,all,IvanLeTerrible,"Postal was a cult and controversial game released in the 90ies.The controversy spins around the fact that in the game you play the role of a mad man, known only as “postal dude”, who basically goes into a rampage, killing everyone around him based only on his own delirious ideas of “purifying the Earth” or something. Another controversy is that the game hints a few references to some macabre school shootings that happend by the time of the game’s release in the 90ies.GameplayThe game is an isometric shooter, where you move your character around the evironment while trying to aim and shoot everyone on sight. Scattered around the corners you will find new weapons, ammo and a few power ups that will help you in your journey of insane murder. You will be running around towns, parks and a other populated areas, all filled with random “innocent” people and also hostile ones, like cops, rangers, soldiers and other agents of the law trying to stop you. Kill 90% of the hostiles and you can move to the next level.Redux versionThis version has a LOT of improvements to add, starting with the controls, which are much, much better now. The combination mouse+keyboard has now a very fluid gameplay, with resposive controls, unlike the 90ies version, where controls were clunky AF. Also, all the DLCs were added and a few more singleplayer modes were add too, making the game much larger and potentially replayable. There are also a few easter eggs, like some references and modes related to other games, such as Hatred and Such.I Rate it 4.8/5.0"
,Recommended,401680,23104064,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,NuikopeaDemon,Well hell.... I wasn't expecting this to run on my laptop but.... IT DOES!!!!If you ever played the First POSTAL Game then you know the story :DKILL KILL KILL!!!!DON'T GET KILLED :)You should def get this game if you love the Series :)
,Recommended,401680,23103198,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Lazombie,"Hands down one of THE best games of the year! About as good as Fallout 4.Ever played POSTAL back in '97? Loved the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of it? Wished you could go back to it, but a little, I dunno, more ""modern"" and ""aych-dee""? Is that how you kids say it?no really is it please helpGet to do the same all over again, except this time you've got some new tricks up your sleeve. Hoo boy, RWS have been busy...Not just with POSTAL 2 either, highly recommend you pick that up as well.The detail they put into reworking each and every one of the original levels is staggering, and very faithful to the original. New weapons, like the Revolver, and old classics such as the Napalm Launcher, Spray Cannon, and Landmine, give you a nice tactical advantage over the people who want you dead, that is, everyone with a gun.If you're feeling bored of the Campaign, there's always the Rampage mode. Always a fun way to kill some time and work off some stress. And if you still ain't satisfied, then there's a Co-Op mode. Drag along up to three friends (provided you can find some, if not, then there's a Clown AI mode) for the ride!You also get to change the Postal Dude's coat, from the standard black, to the classic (and I DO mean classic) red, to even pink, so pick your favourite color! Show off some pride while you're at it!Highly recommended. And, as always, have no regrets."
,Recommended,401680,23141440,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Vanilla,I really loved the game. I played it for 5 hours for the past two days! Thank you RWS for making this game. The Rampage Mode was amazing and the Campaign was very well done too.
,Recommended,401680,32747344,Posted: 24 June,all,IX,"Improves on everything the original Postal in '97 had to offer. All the bonus Postal Plus '01 and region-locked Japan levels are included as well. The additional VA work is incredible, and it doesn't take away from the experience at all. All the additions are top notch, really. Only complaint is that the ending level was altered fromthe Dude going crazy after failing to shoot up a schooltothe Dude finding his own funeral and going crazy after that, but I can understand it at the very least. All in all an excellent remaster and one I would recommend anyway at the full price (£4.99), but if you catch it on sale, ESPECIALLY a sale like it is now (79p - WEW) I can't recommend it more."
,Recommended,401680,25806591,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,zilly,"First thing to know is that POSTAL Redux is NOT a funny game like POSTAL 2.The original POSTAL and Redux are both pretty dark and grim in comparison to POSTAL 2.I'm areallybig POSTAL fan, but I'll make this one short:This is theDEFINITIVEversion of POSTAL.-SAY GOODBYEto those old clunky controls and welcome in the new crosshairswhich show you enemy health levels indicated from green to red(dead).-IMPROVED 3D MODELSthat aren't too demanding of even my very low-end laptop.-TOTALLY RE-DONELevel art!-BRAND NEW  Rampage Mode!(Earn a grade from F through A+ on each of the levels)-CO-OP MULTIPLAYER!-BRAND NEW weapon-the revolver!-6 FREE mapsjust added on Sept. 30 2016 from Super Postal(Tokyo and Osaka)and POSTAL Plus(EZ Mart, Shanty Town, Earthquake, and La Palamino Resort)-1 ENTIRELY NEW MAP created just for this game-2 SECRET PLAYABLE CHARACTERSfor online and solo play!-NEW ACHIEVEMENTS- Unlock 'em with your friends, OR make somenewfriends to go'POSTAL'with!** The classic M16-styled assault rifle from the original game has been replaced with an MP5-styled SMG that has a smaller range, but improved firing speed.Anything wrong with how the first game played in terms of controls, etc. has totally been re-vamped. With the huge imrpovements AND the free added content and free DLC,EASILYa must-buy.Even at full price, in my humble opinion.10/10"
76561198046660646,Recommended,401680,23185723,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,NEONA,still better than postal 3
,Recommended,401680,23105239,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Real Human Bean,"POSTAL Redux is a loving recreation of an old cult classic that harkens back to the heyday of isometric shooters. The newly remastered art is fantastic and really makes the colors pop. A new Carnival level takes advantage of the new 1080p style with lots of colors and high resolution art. Not to mention the much improved controls. It controls beautifully now, a massive improvement upon the original which was one of my biggest gripes of it.Along with this, Redux adds a new Rampage mode that is very fun and fast paced. It is a score based mode which rewards fast and creative gameplay. The new Revolver weapon also packs a satisfying punch and Rick Hunter's sexy voice is still the stuff of legends.Unfortunately, the game is not quite finished yet. A co-op multiplayer mode will be coming some time which I am sure will be great fun for friends who want to go postal. Along with this, the DLC maps for Special Delivery will be remastered and released in a future free update for Redux.That being said, I don't know why the old ending was replaced with this new one other than the old ending was too controversial even for RWS to redo. This is a shame as the original ending level was one of the most shocking moments I ever faced in a video game, and the new ending leaves no impact other than a big ""huh?""Botched ending aside, POSTAL Redux is still a very well done remake, but I say wait a bit until either the multiplayer and DLC maps get added or there is a sale to purchase it.  Also PLEASE add Steam Workshop upport."
76561198303344414,Recommended,401680,23104019,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,johannesbammer8,"For old fans of the franchise it definetely is worth buying solely for nostalgia and fun. But also fans of Postal 2 should get it, firstly because it is fun overall and secondly because you support RWS and they can make POSTAL 4. So either way, everyone that likes POSTAL should get the game, because you can definetely spend some fun time with it and assure Postal 4 to be made."
,Recommended,401680,23211220,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,NameNoMatter,"Holy hell RWS you sure know how to make me interested in your games.I got into the POSTAL series very late. I received POSTAL 2 from a friend only a couple years ago. I played POSTAL 1 shortly after falling in love with POSTAL 2, and once Paradise Lost came out I was in love again. But then, once I'd played Paradise Lost as much as I could, I fell out of the loop again. Until recently anyway.POSTAL Redux is an HD remake of the game that started it all, POSTAL. And I couldn't possibly be happier to say that it's nothing short of amazing.Positives:+Rick Hunter. I don't care if this is a cop out. He has a voice of gold, and as long as he lives, The Dude will live.+It kept it's dark humor. When I see games based on ""Dark humor"" I always get worried what they mean by that. Do they mean that they occasionally make a slightly offensive joke, or do they do it RIGHT. POSTAL managed to do it right, and Redux kept it. When you pull a flamethrower out and hear the words ""Need a light?"", or pull a revolver out and hear The Dude laugh, you know that it's just good.+They actually added stuff as well ISN'T THAT FUNNY FOR A SUPPOSED REMAKE. No but seriously, a lot has been added, like a new ending, the ability to change your character to multiple separate colors, even back to the ORIGINAL Red Trenchcoat, a completely new game mode called rampage which is basically the rampage missions from the early GTA games in which you kill as many people as you can and count your score. Then there's my favorite, they added executions for all the different weapons. Now you're no longer restricted to executing with the M16/SMG, now you can execute them all with them all.+They fixed the controls. The original POSTAL controlled like a no armed man trying to use a chainsaw. AKA IT DIDN'T. The controls in Redux are now smooth, and best of all: PLAYABLENegatives:-I have had the occasional bug. LIKE THE ONE WHERE AN ENEMY ROCKET KILLED AN INNOCENT AND IT COUNTED AS AN INNOCENT CASUALTY AND THEREFORE I LOST MY ""NO INNOCENT CASUALTIES"" BAR AND I WAS NO LONGER AVAILABLE FOR THE NO INNOCENTS KILLED ENDING AND I JUST HAPPENED TO BE BLOWN INTO THE EXIT WHEN I HAD ENOUGH KILLS SO THERE WAS NO DAMN WAY FOR ME TO KILL MYSELF AND RESTART AND THEREFORE I LOST 13 LEVELS WORTH OF KILLING NO INNOCENTS AND DYING BECAUSE I ACCIDENTALLY HIT ONE OR I TRIED TO AVOID ONE.8/10 is good"
,Recommended,401680,28363701,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Adenru,"A noble hero is fighting the plague which drove all the poluation insane.Classic remake. Better than original. I really enjoy hand-drawn backgrounds and new cutscenes, also higher difficulty offer better plot which aclually explains a lot."
,Recommended,401680,24615022,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Raven,"Postal, The legend, the classicWhat's the defining factor for a medium of entertainment to be worthy to be called a ""classic""? It varies, it greatly varies. The most common ones, the ones that everyone can agree with are those which receive a ""universally acclaimed"" status, the innovative, genre-defining games, or the highly stylistic ones, though it usually lack on substance. And then there are the arguable ""so bad it's good"", ""niche"", ""bold"", ""guilty pleasure"" one. And that, everyone, is what embodies the original 1997 Postal.  A game that echoes controversy since it's release, panned by critics, yet loved by many. It's bold, it's a niche, sub par quality all across the board, it's certainly a guilty plleasure. It's the ultimate slasher B-movie of video games. Edgy, disturbing, tasteless, and pretty much senseless. But why? Why a game with such ""quality"" receieved a classic status? It's simply because Postal is self aware, it capitalize it's strength perfectly, it has one solid and clear purpose, that is GOING ♥♥♥♥ING POSTAL.Simplicity and straightforward-ness is the key, Postal is a ""twin stick isometric mass murdering and maniacally laugh your♥♥♥♥♥off while you do so"" game, and that's it. Compared to the more well known, evenly infamous, satire-laden successor, Postal 2. Postal 1 has a darker, more serious tone.  Adapting an arcade style level where you have to kill a certain percentage of total hostile in order to continue (would be a good way to teach kids some math). It's a game that knows it's audience (read: Edgy teens that constanly has a bad day but well aware that burning down their entire neighborhood is illegal). And that's why it holds a special place on the rank of classic video games.Twenty years and ""Mass murdering and laugh your♥♥♥♥♥off while doing so"" games are getting more accepted, more open, mainstream, and ""inventive"". Games like Postal is considered comical violence this time around, so when the news arise that this little diamond is getting a remake, I can't help but wondering, is it really the right move? Yes, it is!Adding the much needed substancePostal Redux, to put it simply is basically the entirety of Postal has a major conversion to Unreal Engine 4. It's 1997 Postal as you know it, with much improved graphic and effects, reworked sound design, and having a modern control scheme. Aside minor gameplay tweaks, a new weapon, and the Rampage Mode, Postal, at it's core remain unchanged. Gameplay is more faster paced and more fluid, since the transition from 2D sprites to 3D model and much better aiming are the most welcomed changes. There is also a Rampage mode that turns Postal to a fully arcade game, with high score and kill multiplier that adds some replay value and challenge. I'm glad that RWS know exactly what they are doing, working on what really matters on modern video games, it's the pace and fluidity.Though, with these overhaul a little bit of things has to be ""sacrificed"", with the much cleaner, more professionally handled sound design and softer, more HD looks of the game, the creepy and disturbing tone of the original Postal is noticeably toned down, the overall roughness and budget-tier production of the original is the defining characteristic, which is unfortunate.(Almost) perfect remake, definitely not perfect timeWhile I think Postal Redux is one of the most successful remake for me, the game itself didn't age well. As I said earlier, people are no stranger to violent video games as of now, in fact they are getting more open, complex, and inventive. Simplicity is both the strength and weakness of Postal Redux, I won't go to the strengths because I've allready cover that, let's focus on the weakness. Simplicity brings repetitiveness, most of the time. There is simply not enough replay value on Postal Redux, finished the campaign 2 times, get all achievements, and the rest on Rampage mode everytime you have a bad day. ""Is it the whole point of Postal?"", you ask. Well yes, it is, but with ""only"" that, I think the price is bit too high. Yes, I know RWS will keep it updated just like they did with Postal 2 (which is awesome), but I still think it's kinda lacking. Opening the gate for mods, at the very least a level editor will be a welcome addition, and MP seems cool.It lives, and it's glorious!In conclusion, Postal Redux is a remake, done right. RWS knows what makes Postal good, and don't tinker with it, instead they worked with something that really matters in order to ""modernize"" a game. Postal Redux is a glorious reminder of the infamouse 1997 classic, brought back to life with all of it's mindless fun-madness. It's a throwback of the simplicity of 90's games, a proof that you just need a clear purpose and capitalize on it to make a fun game, though it did bring lack of replay value, with the absent of mods, for today's standard."
,Recommended,401680,34263732,Posted: 15 August,all,GamersEatCrisps,"This game improves on Postal a lot, 4K, 60FPS, Better Controls, and this game is extremely cheap during sales, I recommend you purchase this game!"
,Recommended,401680,23103507,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Dem Bones,"Really solid twin stick shooter, controls feel 100% on point. Graphics are really nice and fun to look at if you even somewhat appreciate art. Sounds fit everything just fine. You can wear a pink trenchcoat, which I don't think even exists in real life. However I don't think I can give this full recommendation, Postal dude doesn't scream ""FIYAAAH"" when he's caught ablaze :p"
,Recommended,401680,25027394,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,The Bread Overlord,They fixed the controlsThat's an auto buy for me!After I posted this review they have also added co opThis is a must own game
,Recommended,401680,28340739,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Spizy Chicken,"18+ only and mentally sound players ONLY. This game is simply about KILLING innocent people. Cops and Civilians in level after blood filled level. Shot guns, Machine guns, Hand guns, flame throwers. Pointless really, but if you are of adult age and sound mind, it's fun to pass the time. The new REDUX is far better then the Original and much smoother.My Postal collection is now complete!"
,Recommended,401680,25346651,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,QuarantineTarantula,"THEY FIXED THE CONTROLS!Instead of aiming and shooting with the arrow keys you can now just use the mouse to aim, so the game no longer feels like you're playing Dance Dance Revolution with your right hand, and the game is worth the money for that alone.Also, you can now shoot in any direction instead of just 8. This means you can actually hit moving targets instead of having to wait for them to stand still until you can get a decent shot.You can also run while shooting, so that when you're busy murdering a police officer and some♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥decides to shoot a rocket your way, you can actually dodge it without giving your victim time to get up, load his shotgun and pump 5 shells into your back.The only negative point that I have is that the loading times are ♥♥♥♥ing atrocious.After every level you have enough time to get up, go to the kitchen to make a cup of coffee, realise you don't have any milk, curse a god you've never believed in, go to the totally all-American grocery store to get some, decide you don't want to pay $5 for a carton of milk, go through the back door, fight off a group of angry terrorist women, jump out of the window, smoke some crack to get your health back and go back home just in time for the next level to be done loading.But overall, it's a huge improvement on Postal, and totally worth it.EDIT: Loading times have been fixed9/10"
,Recommended,401680,24027265,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,CorvusCorax,"Since the vanilla game is still available for purchase, I'm going to focus only on the differences between that and the Redux version.+++ All the levels have been reworked and now have HD graphics. This means better looking, higher resolution maps with added effects such as sirens for the police cars, falling leaves for trees and animated water on the bridge level.+++ The most noticeable of all are the 3D characters - no more pixelated Dude and NPCs; everybody looks very detailed.+++ Fast-paced combat: The game is now much faster, thus more enjoyable.+++ Better aiming system: It helps to see the crosshair appearing on enemies that can be shot from a certain distance already. Bullet spread is also visible. Overall better weapon handling - if you're a sharpshooter you're going to love the new revolver which is a great addition to the already existing weapon selection.+++ Beside the campaign we now have a Rampage gameplay mode which makes the game a little more arcade-ish with the added score system. Multipliers keep increasing with each kill but only for a short period of time. This is a great mode for hardcore fans and for those looking for an extra challenge.--- Several missing levels. I understand the absence of the high school (with the ongoing school shootings this is perfectly understandable), but other levels such as the holiday resort or the city devastated by earthquake are also missing. A new carnival level has been added with machine gun wielding clowns but it does not make up for the missing ones.UPDATE (October, 2016). The game now has coop and the missing levels such as earthquake and mall are back. There's also shanty town and two Japanese maps. They are hilarious and heaps of fun to play.This is how you do a remastered edition! This is a great version and is a must for Postal fans."
,Not Recommended,401680,23745425,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Jag Of Troy,"Started playing this game.. wondering why I don't hear people suffering on the ground, crying for help, leaving blood trails as they try to crawl away..All that good stuff in the original? It seems they toned down this remake a lot, even Postal Dude's language is ""softer.""Better graphics didn't make for a better game and as much as I love RWS, I don't recommend buying this even for the 50% off discount I got on it."
76561198095816496,Recommended,401680,29613948,Posted: 31 January,all,Xspore456,"Ok, this game is to addictive. Bought this game four days ago, I already unlock alomst all the achivements. Now i spend my day's in my room playing Postal Redux. The graphics are pretty top notch for a remaster, the weapons are fun to use and the level design looks awesome then the original Postal.I regret nothingWhat are you waiting for? Buy this game already!"
,Recommended,401680,23105051,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,MrNagasaki,RWS making video games great again.
76561198169968474,Recommended,401680,23127190,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,MR Tuxedo,I Regret Nothing.......
,Recommended,401680,23873186,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Blades,"What do you mean ""the Elementary School level would trigger SJWs""? What do you mean ""we replaced the Elementary School level with something that has less edge to it""? What do you mean ""people gotta pay a tenner for a POSTAL Redux without the Elementary School level""? No, please, give us back the Elementary School level!"
,Recommended,401680,23105934,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,ExiledAlchemist,"Postal Redux is an isometric, twin-stick shooter, and is an amazing remake of the original Postal. This version was remade from the ground up and is even using a new engine. The new artwork and graphics look great and are well made. The contols feel great when using a keyboard & Mouse. The music, sound effects, and voice acting is excellent. The original Postal Dude's voice is back again and sounds great. The weapons feel well balanced and gives you a large combination of ways to handle any situation.Just like the original the main game is short at about 2 hours on a full clear of all levels. Don't let that detour you from the game because the new Rampage Mode extends the games life. In Rampage Mode you have to clear the map and try to rack up a high score. You will get a number of weapons to use and many ways to complete a full clear of the map. Enemies are more challening in Rampage Mode adding a level of challenge and fun to the game.  It has been stated by the devs that more free content is on the way. Special Delivery and Multiplayer is planned and will be released once it's ready.If you are a fan of Postal and Postal 2 what are you waiting for just buy it, and have a ball, because this game is well worth it. Hatred players come on and give this game a try too. For anyone that loves twin-stick shooters give it go as well, because this game is perfect for you. For anyone else that may be new to the Postal series just give it a go and see if you like it."
76561198069113247,Recommended,401680,23117372,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Armesi,"Notice: this is probably the first and only serious, full length review I'll write for a game, since this game deserves it.The blessed are the meek, for they make easy targetsPostal Reduxdoes a near perfect job on what it wants to be, a twin stick shooter where you gun down as many people as possible. While the gameplay never really evolves past just shooting dudes, different weapons and level layouts keep the experience interesting.Postal Redux is more than just a graphical update, it improves the weapons, controls, enemy AI... everything. For example: In the original Postal only a couple of weapons actually felt useful and did decent damage. In Postal Redux all of the weapons serve a purpose, others are better at clearing out hordes of enemies and others are better at taking down strong individuals. Even the originally pointless mines are actually useful now!However even though the game is near perfect, there are still flaws. The screen is a bit too small and there's no way to look around like in for example: Hotline Miami, so there will be times where the enemy gets some free hits on you from off-screen. Original Postal did not have this problem since the enemies had admittedly bad AI, but here since they're so much smarter, you end up in some frustrating situations at times.But all that aside Postal Redux is a fantastic game and I highly recommend it to anyone who thinks they would like some old fashioned mass murder.And ♥♥♥♥, it's still better than Hatred."
,Recommended,401680,23104974,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Lopper,"Short game but very fun and not too difficult either, great improvements over the original and it runs at a solid 60fps maxed out, can probably play it on any old specs. It's like Hatred but much better. 10/10 time to go postal."
,Recommended,401680,30459326,Posted: 11 March,all,Colekrout6399,"LOVE THIS GAME!!!! Love how creepy and dark it is. A game for the altimate postal fan. And your a new or die hard fan, take my challenge. Play through the entire game... in the dark..... at night. Try not to get the creeps. 😈😈😈 And remember... I Regret  Nothing"
76561198122636406,Recommended,401680,29033783,Posted: 5 January,all,Infinity Josh,recommended!+ gore and humor+ good gameplay+ nice devs support+ run on my grandfather's pc10/10
,Recommended,401680,23111100,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,You got the chaingun!,Buy this game or I'll follow you home and kill your dog!
,Recommended,401680,28081788,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,wo7f,"Good game, but terribly awful HUGE UNEXPLAINABLE loading times. Wtf!"
,Recommended,401680,28660546,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Steel Horse,"POSTAL was cool, but the only problems were that it played like absolute garbage and controlled like it, too. I always liked the themes that underlay the original POSTAL, the disturbing transitions between levels marked with the diary entries and surreal imagery, either of abstract horror or of hazy, grisly violence. POSTAL was a journey into insanity, with some fun gameplay mixed in.POSTAL Redux made it that much more fun, though. The game is actually legitimately fun now, controls well with keyboard and mouse (I've yet to try it with a gamepad), and has a nice sheen of polish while also staying true to that trademark goofiness characteristic of the first POSTAL, such as ducking underneath rockets to make them hit whoever might be behind you, or the Dude's gruesome but cheesy one-liners.In a sentence? It's like Hatred, but actually good. It's like POSTAL, but better. There's also 4-player co-op if you want to Eric & Dylan through some challenge levels with a friend or three.Overall, I'd recommend, especially if you grab it on a sale-the Winter Sale I bought this on knocked the price down to $1.43, and Running with Scissors loves to do these huge sales every time there's a Steam sale.So what are you waiting for?"
76561198030632826,Recommended,401680,25810960,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,fighterdoken97,"Great remake of a classic game, everything has been improved and co-op is really fun and chaotic. The soundtracks are eerie and makes you feel psychotic. The new update includes ""Not Important"" from Hatred which is great, I also love that game and it's great that RWS and DC are friends. Would definitely recommend if you want a fun mass murder game with eerie soundtracks and artwork. 10/10"
,Recommended,401680,25125833,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,The Horror Network | Embalmer,"Review for Postal:Here.The year 2017 will mark the second decade since the landmark, cult-classic game POSTAL was released into the world. Controversy sparked from every corner of the dark title, especially due to its gruesome ending and remorseless killing. It took Running With Scissors a few years, but they finally latched on to the success of the series and eventually birthed POSTAL 2 and 3 into the world; those are reviews for another time, however.POSTAL Redux is not just a simple graphical overhaul of the original title, instead it's a complete revamp of the game done in Unreal Engine 4. The makeover definitely shows, not only in the aesthetic presentation of the game, but also the fluid, up-to-date controls that make the Redux so much easier to play over its predecessor. There are many notable differences between POSTAL Redux and the first POSTAL, which will be taken a look at within this review.For those who have played the first POSTAL, feel free to skip this paragraph. Those of you questioning what the game is all about, stick around. In POSTAL, you play as an antagonist who's simply known as The Postal Dude; some say he's schizophrenic, some say he's a madman, some like to believe he's a pretty nice guy. Either way, The Postal Dude has a theory that his hometown of Paradise, Arizona is being flooded with mind-altering substances; he starts believing that he is the only individual who is unaffected. Once he gets evicted from his home, he starts a murderous rampage of blood-lust, and doesn't stop until he reaches the Military Air Base; where he believes the source of the noxious gas is stemming from.For long-time fans of the series, you may be upset to know that Running With Scissors have changed the iconic ending in the Redux. There's no longeran elementary school with children running around at the end of the game, but the laughter of the children can still be heard as you wander along a cemetery. The interpretation of this is up to the individual, but the same end cutscene is still present after the last ""level"" plays out. In my experience, the new Redux ending is much less impacting than the original, and the game loses some of its overall morbidity due to it.The original POSTAL had 21 levels, plus four extra levels from the Special Delivery expansion pack, the Redux only has 17 levels in total with one of them being the newly created Carnival map; so it's safe to say that Running With Scissors trimmed the fat a little bit. As well, the difficulty of this title is nowhere near that of the original, and seasoned players will find even the hard difficulty severely lacking in comparison to POSTAL's ""11"" difficulty setting. However, this could be something that is fixed in the future, as the Redux has been receiving regular updates since its release in May, 2016.The developer claims that the visuals are a ""faithful"" recreation of the original, and quite honestly I haven't seen a difference in them other than the fact that they're of higher resolution and thus much more clear. This is a good thing, as it genuinely looks as though the original hand-painted backgrounds have been re-scanned in a superior format; if someone redid all of the backgrounds, kudos to them as they look like the real deal. As for the character models, they're noticably upgraded from the Playstation 1-era models from the original game, and you can even change The Postal Dude's trench coat color.It's safe to say that the Redux functions like any other modern top-down shooter now. In the original, it was difficult to control The Postal Dude with both the keyboard and mouse, due to the games age and engine limitations. The Redux sees to it that the mouse control is extremely fluid, as is the aiming/targeting system and ability to switch between weapons with the scroll wheel. Not to mention, the Redux can also be played with a console controller, for those who are not fond of keyboard and mouse controls.Other than the upgraded visuals and lack of levels, POSTAL Redux has some other notable changes. One of the biggest additions is the new executions. In the original game, no matter what gun you were using The Postal Dude would switch back to his AR-16 for the execution of downed enemies, now each gun has its own unique animation. Another fantastic feature is when playing on Hard mode, the journal entries that show up between levels read as they appeared in the original manual of POSTAL; on Easy and Medium they simply stay the same as what is shown in the first game. There's a new revolver weapon, the machine gun (or SMG in this version) has a higher rate of fire and range, the shotgun and spray cannons do not share the same ammo any longer, the journal entry dates all read 2017 as opposed to 1997, and the newly introduced Rampage mode is a bit like the Gauntlet Challenge from the original game.Sadly, POSTAL Redux does have a major downfall; the game likes to crash... a lot. The amount of crashing that still occurs despite the numerous updates to the title is unacceptable. Running With Scissors just released an update that implemented 4 player co-op, yet they cannot find the time to rectify crashes that skew the players experience with the game? That's just hard for me to believe. The game will crash during level transitions, during start up, but most of all during the Rampage mode.With that being said, if you can live with the amount of crashing that this game likes to do, then POSTAL Redux will be a great addition to your collection of violent, twisted, dark humored games. The complete engine overhaul has really brought the classic POSTAL title up to speed in the modern world, although it would be nice if Running With Scissors left all of the levels intact instead of picking which ones to keep in and leave out; it would've also been nice to have the original ending. The audio is also completely remastered, so The Postal Dude's witty and sarcastic comments  can be heard crystal clear now. As well, I'm sure the newly introduced 4 player online co-op will appeal to a large range of gamers. If you've never played POSTAL before, this is an excellent starting point. If you're a long-time fan of the series, you won't be disappointed.Rating:4.5/5.0- Excellent, highly worth playing.The Horror NetworkCurator|GroupClick for Gore"
76561198050434471,Recommended,401680,31066241,Posted: 10 April,all,celbrion,"Played the original one back in the day, as a kid. No parential advisory at those days :DOriginal Postal was a very controversy game when it came out. But at the end, I did not turn intto a phsyco because of playing this game, nor the other thousands of players, I think.As the original, Redux is fun as hell. Sounds are very very satisfactory and the graphics, while sustaining the original 2d style, are perfect. But the main element of the game is gameplay. It is fun to shoot around mindlessly.The only negative aspect of the game is the altering of the ending. Since the Postal Dude can not kill the kids in the original one,  I found the lack of the elementary school scene unnecessary."
,Recommended,401680,29321230,Posted: 17 January,all,Non-binary fallout 4,I regret nothing (Screams the postal dude in a remastered voice)
,Recommended,401680,29495402,Posted: 25 January,all,Liquidsnakehpks-joa,"What can be said about postal that hasn't been already said before, i was curious to see how a 1997 game could be remade for today's gaming atmosphere , I loved the original postal game and played it back then on a Pentium 2 pc , So after playing Postal Redux i can honestly say its worth the money, for new players of the series, But for the older players it's a sticky deal only purchase affair. I think a lot could be focused on making the in game experience better than just the graphics.Note : i will not be covering the co-op / online/ rampage  modes , never a fan of those modes. I dont think this classic needs those modes either. When the game name already says postal.Here are my Pros and cons on the game.Pros:- New levels, the  Excess Postage campaign of 23 levels is amazing  playing those 23 levels alone in one go is enough to make you go postal and understand why this series is a hit with many fans.- The graphics are updated and its much more easier on the eyes now. Good visuals and effects.- Co-op mode , should be fun although i stayed away from it due to the bad pings i get<regional issue not the game>- They have added neat retro stuff like filters you can try em out to ruin your eyesight.- Retains the tank controls , love it.Cons:- No improvements to the guns , i think the guns are much worse here in accuracy and range here than the original game, the flamethrower is practically useless since it gets blocked out by the objects, frequently, the machine gun replacement is way worse than the original gun. shotgun, pistol , rocket launcher are your only accurate options specially for non civilian kills.- Heavy system requirements , i think this will be a major turn off for the older fans who ran the original game on way older systems that this game demands minimum of 8gb ram.The devs have explained the requirement here do be wary of ithttp://steamcommunity.com/app/401680/discussions/0/152393186493151563/?ctp=6#c141136086911895129-Long initial loading time this has been major turn off because in game like postal you tend run through the levels quickly and death is frequent visitor . I have never seen such a complex loading system in a game before to break it down.- There is one loading screen when you select single player mode.- There is one more longer loading screen ( it might take upto 5 minutes depending on your config)- Between the levels there instant loading sometimes and a bit of loading later.- If you die , expect another long loading screen to reload.RWS please please put a % or progress bars for the loading screens, so that people will know whats happening.- Not sure how to put it but the new engine is not that smooth, although it ran great for me most of the times , there was a lot of slowdowns and freezes in various parts. i hate to imagine how this would be in the multiplayer/co-op modes.-Maybe i did not pay any attention to the loading screens before the level starts or something but the original ending has been changed and i have no idea what the new one means...the older one made sense to the madness but the current one meh..., i guess its the PG era we live in now.Final Thoughts :It was a sting of nostalgia playing postal again in the modern redux, But i would jump into the original game any day , it just shows how complex gaming has become today just grab the original and play it and see the difference. It is just so much easier and fun to get in and play.Knowing how good RWS are with the fans and supporting their game releases , i expect them to smooth out the game even more and fix the issues. Smooth gameplay should be the focus of the game over other things, that fast and easy gameplay is what made the original a classic.Hoping for a good sequel to postal 2 , the other one must not be mentioned.The game is easily a 6.5/10 , would have been my favorite postal game  if the game was easy on the hardware requirements, which would have allowed many of the casual gamers with entry level hardware to play it."
76561198076703228,Recommended,401680,34891593,Posted: 11 September,all,Yago,“Humanity is a disease and I'm the cure“
,Recommended,401680,32071766,Posted: 30 May,all,Schmuddel,"I wouldn't have recommended this game prior to the most recent update, but the insane loading times have finally been resolved for good. As for the game itself, it's all the goodness of the original Postal with modern graphics and controls. It runs buttery smooth on even the worst hardware and it's no-frills fun. In the words of Steve Austin, you arrive, raise hell, and leave. Add the Hotline Miami-esque Rampage mode and four player coop (even coop with bot support) and there's a lot to love here. Running With Scissors is a top-notch, community-focused developer who deserves every penny."
,Recommended,401680,23115987,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Boris The Spider,"RWS have never let me down and this game is no exception. A faithful remake of the original Postal, with better controls and some cool new features. Rampage mode is pure fun! Co-op is a bit meh though."
76561197972301374,Recommended,401680,23177833,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,Phobos,Its the postal  you always wanted to play but couldn't be bothered to or did so and lamented for it's poor controls. Now you can play properly with just about everything having been tweaked to glorious perfection by RWS. Its got great replay value thanks to the rampage mode too and the coming free updates RWS promise should add even more content which is more than welcome.  Love that the napalm launcher is actually useful for killing things other than myself now lol.The ending may have some fans up in arms over changes but honestly I thought it was rather fitting and whats more important is the core aesthetics of the game haven't been messed with nor has the creepy atmosphere so revered from the original.On a side note: imagine postal 1 in fps...someone needs to make that happen. think of the multiplayer possibilities too.
,Recommended,401680,23299662,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Cap'n Red Ivan🍕,"El Edito: as of September 30th or something, the game has Co-op play, the special delivery expansion and the 2 japan levels packed into a new 6 level campaign, more voice lines including classic ones like ""Has anybody seen my ear?"", the greatest secret code ever, and overall better volume mixing. I am still open to performing the act of fellatio on anyone within RWS, except for whoever put bread in the toilet.First off, if you don't know what the gameplay in Postal is like, its a slower paced twinstick shooter. It not blazing fast like Hotline Miami, nor is it some top down tactical shooter, but its also not a standard twinstick with a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ of people being thrown at you, like Total Carnage or Smash TV. To describe it, I'd say its like a bunch of seperate scenarios being put together to make a cohesive level. Some levels are smaller or more populated and end up playing out as almost non stop fighting, as you inevitably will anger one crowd while fighting another. Other levels are more spacious and allow you to come up with a simple strategy to follow through on when you move in. Its a great mix of thinking before you act, and acting without thinking.The improvements all around from the original Postal 1 are all welcome. The controls are smooth as silk, and you no longer need a controller to have twinstick style controls. Some weapon rebalancing is also present, and working with the new control scheme the gameplay has more skill and strategy to it rather than just ""crawl forwards slowly and pray to ♥♥♥♥ing jesus you dont die."" The overall sound design is fantastic once more, and the atmosphere is just as stellar as it was in the original game. Also you can wear the original Red Coat, or pink if you're feeling particularly gay like I do sometimes.Currently though, one thing to remember is this game as of whenever this is being posted, the game is an investment. Right now you get a solid campaign that lasts different lengths of time depending on the difficulty (about 1 hour on normal, 3-4 on hard), and you get the rampage mode if you enjoy score attack type stuff. RWS has confirmed co-op, deathmatch, the expansion levels, brand new levels, iirc a nightmare mode difficulty, and potentially a few extra things if all goes well. RWS is really ♥♥♥♥in' passionate about Postal Redux and it shows with how much they're talking about it. RWS is a fantastic company and you are certainly going to get more content than there is in it right now. Hell if anything just buy the game to support RWS cause they're ♥♥♥♥ing awesome people.also Mike J Vince Desi Toploader/Kamek I'm still open for performing the act of fellatio on you fellas. The rest of you at RWS I don't know who you are but I'll do it to you folks too if you want. Women are only allowed to pat me on the head however."
,Recommended,401680,28066125,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,DoMonRai,Best self-defense simulator ever!
,Recommended,401680,34341646,Posted: 18 August,all,PrinceCharming,This game is old-school twinstick shooting with just badass gameplay. Fun as hell!
76561197973999066,Recommended,401680,25787272,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,McfistySlackhole,"Mindless, fast paced mass homicide. Elimate hostiles to progess to the next level, but your proberly get the erge to finish off all the civilians before you head for the exit. why? because its great sadistic fun. For the price you seriously cant go wrong.Perfect for killing a bit of time, each level takes 5-10 mins to complete.Well polished, fluid high fps, responsive controls and mouse aim.No bugs to report."
,Recommended,401680,25862101,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,░░▒▓ Jae ▓▒░░,"In postal you play as a mailman going on his daily trip delivering mail but the bad aliens from doom 3 come and get angry at mailman so mailman do what mailman do best, pickup every weapon in sight, carry over 10 of them at once and kill everyone he possibly can because mailman is good at job."
,Recommended,401680,33463177,Posted: 11 July,all,๖ۣۜSpooktra,Postal Redux is a really nice and well made remaster. Well done Running with Scissors!
,Recommended,401680,29119239,Posted: 8 January,all,EnforcerKiller,"Game is pretty hilarious if you ask me, the light humor appeals to me very well, and I'd suggest you getting it for your child too, if you're a parent.View more info below.I am not responsible for what I just said before being taken seriously. The game is actually good, fun, really violent,fun for the whole familyand it's quite dark. It improves from the first game alot, and people underestimate this game just cause it's top-down. The textures are 4k, and they scale down to your resolution. Though you shouldn't use a potato, as you might suffer from long loading, and you may not be able to play deathmatch. Though the singleplayer is just as enjoyable. Also, get all the games (except POSTAL 3) while you're at it! Even the old POSTAL!"
,Recommended,401680,23124757,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,JarethMordecai,"A damn good remake of the original controversial Postal, the controls in 1997 Postal have aged pretty terribly in my opinion and that has been completely fixed in Redux. The revamped graphics are also nice.If I were you, I'd pick this over Hatred."
,Recommended,401680,23176553,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,FiReWaTeR,"its good old postal with a new paint job. im loving it. i realy like the fact they fixed the sounds from the origanal, it was annoying listening to people get shot."
,Recommended,401680,29022064,Posted: 4 January,all,Reyedog,RWS is a pretty cool team of game devs - for it's price this games awesome so is their second game.  And i'm ignoring that terrible garbage bag of - D's the third one was that hurt RWS cause of a shady third party.Any hoo . Love this remake.
,Recommended,401680,30328803,Posted: 4 March,all,Fresh Prince of Nigeria,"If you want to play the original postal, this is the only way you should play it, and also you dont get completely earraped when you start up the game, still loud though. Also literally everything people had complained about in this game has been fixed."
76561198075990209,Recommended,401680,31334400,Posted: 23 April,all,Absoulewt,"""Feels good."" - Postal Dude"
,Recommended,401680,23293739,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Dr. Pyro Dude (GER),If I had a timemachine I would go back in time and tell every german to buy the POSTAL games on steam before they get removed.
76561198119626448,Recommended,401680,23102393,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,I'm Serious™,"Overview: Do you fantasize about killing authorities? Or maybe stupid bystanders. How about both? If so, this piece of art will fulfill your needs!When I purchased the original Postal 1, the controls were bad enough to make me never play it again. Now that I've found out that the mouse is used to aim and shoot in this redux, it definitely changed my view simply cos I can finally see what the hell's going on.Postal Redux is funny in the most minimalistic way, just look at the loading screens. anyway, this game definitely outperforms Hatred by a long shot, with a plentiful variety of colors, a better narrator, replay value and quite artsy level transitions. Aside from the feeling as if you've already zoomed past the whole game once you've played it, or that the hostiles are easily exploitable, I say if you like Postal 2 and a few aspects from Hatred, then it's definitely worth a try. I also thought I should mention the women of this game. I'm no mysoginist, but ♥♥♥♥ I really hate them. You should too. I think it's meant to feel that way.Also, unlike playing the unedited Postal 1, I've actually completed the first stage."
,Recommended,401680,23156225,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,wantwon,"A fond trip down memory lane with a few twists, plenty of optimizations, and more additions to come. The most polished and smooth release by Running with Scissors so far."
,Recommended,401680,27038441,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Bowling4Kleers,The options menu includes controller deadzones.How many devs even bother to include ANY controller rebinding nowadays?
,Recommended,401680,23161557,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Heat,"Really good game. The original reworked and modernised (the controls feel good now too, so that's nice). Added lots of fun things, even a new gamemode, and there's more stuff planned down the line."
,Recommended,401680,25612024,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Vagabond,"I am now china's only hope for population control. Oh and we all know that if a workshop is released by power harnessed by daemons or something someone will start making a sandy hook map that very same night. Good game RWS, I'll be waiting around the corner breathing irregularly whilst you develop your next game. Gotta love my stolen jokes."
76561198341503808,Recommended,401680,34282926,Posted: 16 August,all,Sadmax44,"A really great remaster on the original game, with improved controls, music, graphics, resulotion and gameplay.My only problem is the hit detection with the rocket launcher."
76561198096038504,Recommended,401680,29156965,Posted: 9 January,all,puppeteer,"I played first postal and i just wanna say thanks for bringing it back..love the new look,new levels and challenges. On my way to complete all acheivements."
,Recommended,401680,31430147,Posted: 28 April,all,MaggotyMax,Top down-ish isometric arcade shooter...Except you can kill civilians..or notClassic from the day it was released8/10
76561197972222245,Recommended,401680,25815095,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Watered Down,"I am just starting the Mines level, but so far I like this game, because after all these FREE updates, it is clear a lot of time and attention to detail went into making it. The sound efects are great and the graphics are really detailed. Be sure to go into the Performance menu and select the Ultra settings. I want to play multiplayer, but so far I see no game to join. I wish there were a bit more story to the game, I heard ther is a background to it involving the air force and the delusions of the Postal Dude, but nothing about that is described in the game itself."
,Recommended,401680,31576757,Posted: 6 May,all,BEATRIX,"""An artifact marked POSTAL REDUX a precious and holy relic from future times"""
76561198110640919,Recommended,401680,23281604,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Oddheads,"Honestly brilliant.  A remake of the quaint little 1997 isometric shooter known as POSTAL, in which you battle to survive in a world gone mad... or are you the mad one? It's left up to interpretation, as is most of the story which is great, gives everyone leeway to put THEIR story into the game, not one that someone's made for them. Gameplay-wise, it's similiar to the original 1997 game, but about 10X better. There's a new weapon too, as well as most of the old weapons being suitably updated. The game itself is fun and addictive, like a classic arcade game, in which you always feel compelled to have just one more go... and another one... and another one. Great stuff, currently having to play it on a friend's PC as my own isn't exactly up to scratch. However the devs did say they're working on a 32-bit build, so hoorah!11/10 would recommend to anyone."
76561198120594782,Recommended,401680,31303162,Posted: 22 April,all,Glajimator,"Good little game to relax after a long day at work and ease your mind.Easy to pick up and very enjoyable.The world is cute and well designed and pretty fun overall.You can really feel the improvements compared to its predeccesor.I do not understand why it got such a low critic score in first place.My only complaint is performance issues even though i meet the requirements and big loading times.I would definitely recommend,you should also try its latest little brother <Hatred> if you want to completely heal your soul. 8/10"
,Recommended,401680,33048101,Posted: 30 June,all,emimele,"Nice old game finally remastered, a must buy during sales!Now I'm waiting for Postal 4 (or Postal 2 remake), c'mon RWS!"
76561197964866568,Recommended,401680,23106249,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Crusader_bin,"A decent remake for the hardcore audience that is old enough to remember it.This does not replace the original in my opinion. It has minor issues. Auto-aim of sorts? Weaker looking explosions,weaker sounds. But I still like it, as I liked the original.By todays standards, it's not a product that a new player would be satisfied with I think, so keep that in mind, if the original Postal is something alien to you..."
,Recommended,401680,31228262,Posted: 18 April,all,Ktasz,"Feels great, looks great, it's a ton of fun, cheap, and has co-op!Not much reason to not pick this game up."
,Recommended,401680,33483577,Posted: 12 July,all,LazärheaD,This is the game as meant to be played. Wreack havoc among the normies! REEEEEEEEEEEE
,Recommended,401680,24368160,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Elwood (WJ),"Bring forth the apocalypse once again in the chaotic POSTAL Redux! This takes the featured of the first POSTAL and improves upon them, the controls are much better (along with the graphics) and there is a new Mode called Rampage that contains altered versions of the Levels from the regular campaign that are much more focused on fast paced action. Along with this there are various Weapon balances added to the Game such as the Machine Gun (Which is now an SMG) firing much faster and the Full Auto Shotgun having its own Ammo instead of sharing it with the regular Weapon, there's even a new Gun in the form of the Revolver which does a load of damage but only works at close range and uses a highly rare Ammo Type. These changes highly improve the Gameplay and make Redux something truly worth getting. This is what the original POSTAL should've been!"
76561198074428067,Recommended,401680,29125211,Posted: 8 January,all,MoonMan,Now when the loading time is kinda fixed i'd give it 9/10
,Recommended,401680,29108177,Posted: 7 January,all,MadMatt2185,"Every small issue I had with the original, fixed and modernised, pluss missing levels, and better yet Online Co-Op and Versus modes!  THE GUN KNOWS!"
,Recommended,401680,24650744,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,John Doe,"This review is gonna be quick since I recently finished this game il just leave the things I thought were notable to the experience.The game plays like a twinstick shooter being a remake of one, but considering the age of the original title the new art and engine is to quite a high standard with ai supression being a thing with stun anims to the AI not being Hatred AI so the civillians arent completely counter intuitive to escaping.This shouldnt however be confused for a Postal 2 game as the focus is less on parody and more on the weapons and levels.Mighty boot seems to be missing but if I recall it was never originally present (maybe add it?)For the price its not a bad postal game, if you have already played the original postal you might not spend so much time with it but their does seem to be some promise of future updates and changes so watch this space.Im looking forward to seeing more from this game as it was fairly enjoyable to play through and it could only be made better with more things and people to blow up and shoot."
,Recommended,401680,24628855,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,"French fried potaters, PhD","Awesome game- one of the funnest I've played in a while. The gameplay is more difficult than expected and requires you to take your time blasting through the ""hostiles"". Although fully supported, using a xbox controller is a little awkward and hard to aim. Playing with mouse/keyboard is way more enjoyable and I wouldn't plan on using controller personally."
,Recommended,401680,23625616,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,E.K.M,"its the first postal game but updated with little visuals and way better mouse and keyboard controls.  It did had some changes here and there (its not censorship so dont worry!) but its still the same game, but with better controls, some new weapons and couple of new levels thrown into the mixmy only problem with it is it doesn't have the same amount of maps like in the OG game but from what i've read they're gonna update the game with these maps and add multiplayer deathmatch and co-op soon for free, like it always should be."
,Recommended,401680,25875918,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Cpt. Roosto,"POSTAL Redux is an excellent remake of the original game. Now supporting co-op, you can go POSTAL with up to four of your friends. This game is fun, fast-paced, and the graphics look a lot better than they did a decade ago. You will definitely enjoy this one if you ever played the original and weren't apalled by the nature of the game."
,Recommended,401680,29534600,Posted: 27 January,all,Slojoe17or76,"The original 97 Badass topdown murder everyone because you are a f***ing psychopath game that everyone hated...You know the game that did Hatred...in 97...yeah...the original just went open source...go have fun with that and then buy this because it's still better than Postal 3...and will help fun the future of actual good postals, Because all of us RWS fans and Mike J absolutly are enraged at the outcome of Postal 3."
76561198075108742,Recommended,401680,29024664,Posted: 4 January,all,crypticachaotica,All the world is a slaughterhouse and you are the curator
,Recommended,401680,23105306,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Ammy,"it's a good game, harder than the originalrampage mode is fun but the game feels like it is lacking content that isn't just replaying the campaign for achievements. waiting on multiplayer, rws"
76561198155217313,Recommended,401680,34406474,Posted: 21 August,all,junekolo48,"For nine bucks this is a fun party game. i beat the campaign in about half an hour. Its a fun time killing, 2-d shooter. And a less edgy version of hatred."
76561198010027542,Recommended,401680,31087069,Posted: 11 April,all,MustaBeenRatz,I regret nothing.
,Recommended,401680,31306973,Posted: 22 April,all,Naufal_Diz,"Best game ever . can you make Postal 4 , LOL ."
76561198095142057,Recommended,401680,29219012,Posted: 12 January,all,Domi-Nation,"This game makes me sooo happy! ....or maybe it's the fact that I bought a can of peanuts today. Either way, this game is a masterpiece!"
,Recommended,401680,33417335,Posted: 9 July,all,Dr. Shenanigans,"classic flavored ultraviolence, with a smooth and spicier movement set for those who couldn't stomach the chunkiness of the original.comes with 50% more mindf**k,"
76561197970347698,Recommended,401680,26328102,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Mart,"Played this back in the old days when Postal was new.Great remake of the game with all bits and options available, including the co-op mode which just makes it fun to mow it down with your friends :D"
,Recommended,401680,25852792,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,OwTheEdge™,My genocide crusade begins here.
76561197970765092,Recommended,401680,25781249,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,BAAL,"He was such a nice, quiet boy... before the remake"
76561198065035060,Recommended,401680,23107902,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,stankmouth,"Great Game, totally worth the money, If you have never played the other POSTAL games, this proabaly won't make sense. However for POSTAL Fans like myself, it's great, gory fun."
,Recommended,401680,23123849,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,ShellShotty,"Postal Redux is a fantastic remake of the original Postal. The controls are much much better overall, the new art looks great, and the new content is pretty nice too. If you enjoyed the original, you'll definitely love this version even more. Not an extremely difficult game by any means, but any fan of isometric shooters will probably enjoy this for what it is- a stupid fun ""kill everything that moves"" type of game.If you're a fan of Postal 2 that hasn't played the original, you might not like this. Postal 1 is a completely different game. As well as being a completely different genre, Postal 1 is far less tounge-in-cheek than it's sequel. It has a rather dark atmosphere and is even a bit ""edgy"". It's still a great game, just don't expect the wacky comedic tone that Postal 2 is known for. But if you just want more Dude shenanigans in general, this remake is a must-have for any Postal fan.I've made a video showing off the first five levels of the game. Anybody interested in wanting to know what Postal Redux is like should check it out:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LXvE477oQJg"
76561198094258271,Recommended,401680,25977886,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,LoopyLocokiller,10/10 Inspires my everyday life.
76561198070468748,Recommended,401680,30930056,Posted: 3 April,all,SoyBoy,"My Dad used to play this game every Christmas...don't ask, but this remake is hands down the best remake of a game I have played yet! Kudos to the people who took the time and effort into this game, 10/10 would blow something up again."
,Recommended,401680,23123839,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Skunky,"Fun for the whole family!Seriously tho, it's good."
76561198048922116,Recommended,401680,23104356,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Rookie,11/10 Would regret nothing again.
76561198099477600,Recommended,401680,29177053,Posted: 10 January,all,sevcrimsonkilla,"A refresh version of the first Postal game. Incase you don't feel like buying the actully first game because of the graphic (I still recommend buying it), then this one is for you. Gameplay is overhead and fast-paced. A updated version of the game which is good. Another game to add to your Postal collection."
,Recommended,401680,30225472,Posted: 27 February,all,^5demon5470™,"Good graphics, crisp sound and (finnaly) good controls. Just fun, mindless, addictive shooting. The loading times for a 1gb game are kind of bizzare, but barebale. Get this on a sale for 3 euros, trust me, it's worth it."
,Recommended,401680,29119308,Posted: 8 January,all,obsidianCarnageX12,"A well crafted remake of the original mass murder simulator :) , some minor changes that enhance the experience like a new weapon .Visuals keep the original tone and are upscaled to look nice even in higher resolutions like 1440p and 4K.New map(s) .Well done!"
,Recommended,401680,29858457,Posted: 11 February,all,CheeseDreamer,"For me a bit of a much needed remake, the game dosen't control like you are trying to traverse through quick sand whilst on an acid trip, the new levels which are fun, the multiplayer which if you can find a game or friends who own the game can be really fun the game has a difficulty feature that makes the game easier or harder unlike the original and the new rampage mode is so much fun to play. Basically, POSTAL Redux is POSTAL 1 but good. (Final score 8/10)"
,Recommended,401680,33978538,Posted: 2 August,all,Birdassasin,"Aside from some perspective issues and sometimes hard to find enemies, tha game is pretty fun and challenging. Good fun for the price!"
,Recommended,401680,33976264,Posted: 2 August,all,TheBeker,"A classic, atmospheric genocide simulator that was controversial but isn't so much today, it remains fun although repetitive, you can blaze through all the levels, including expansion in three hours or so (even in hard), also there's lots of technical issues, freezing at the start of every level, gpu can get hella hot for a game that shouldn't use so many resources, so you should get it at a discount. Still i had fun"
,Recommended,401680,25840720,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Letax CZ,"I tried the original and the controls were so annoying I coudn't play it. Then I discovered this and I thoroughly enjoyed myself. Though Hatred has better graphics, story, and fully destructible environment, I enjoyed Postal just as much. The comparison is apt, because there are many similarities between the two games, some of them striking. Everything is nicer than the original, too.Who played Hatred and wants more, Postal Redux is a great choice. And vice versa, of course."
76561198029242857,Recommended,401680,33511217,Posted: 13 July,all,^1BigBossMan1978 [BE],Welcome to the jungle baby.... It's time to dieeee!!!
76561198163704510,Recommended,401680,25941260,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,xXx_Mason_xXx,"An overall better version of the original postal. I'd say many major improvements were made and the graphics are incredibly better. However, one major flaw is the clown bots on multiplayer are more than brain dead and their ai is terrible."
,Recommended,401680,30345940,Posted: 5 March,all,Diamond Sadie,"Some pure, unapologetic fun like the games of old, plug in your controller and get ready for hours and hours of madness. Who gives a damn about overly-expensive and sanitized triple A games when this one perfectly encompasses what gaming should be about: gameplay and difficulty. I've been a Postal fan ever since I first played the second one years ago and RWS always delivers, hats off to them! They're awesome and I feel like we need more developers like them around."
,Recommended,401680,33920008,Posted: 30 July,all,kaczynski,beta uprising simulator
76561198286620532,Recommended,401680,30104478,Posted: 22 February,all,selver_zenica,great game super special multiplayer
,Recommended,401680,30797469,Posted: 28 March,all,TwiliSailor,"The original Postal while famous for it's controversial themes and gameplay had aged extremely poorly. Postal Redux, the new and improved remake of the first game is a much welcome suprise from Running with Scissors. The controls are far simpler and make the game playable in this modern era. Two new levels have been added along with all of the past bonus content added to the original.Other than this very little has changed. Everything is as you remember the original game to be, only with new, improved artwork and unfortunately a lot of the same issues. Level design is still a bit awkward and despite attempts to make the camera and traversing buildings work smoothly. It still becomes very hard to see what is in front of you and where your character is located in the urban levels.Some people may want to avoid the high impact themes but mainly these devolve into teenage style angsty violence rather than something actually offensive. If you were interested in the original and found it too hard to play, or was already a fan, this is something you will enjoy."
76561198276824211,Recommended,401680,32066387,Posted: 30 May,all,cleaningcolumbine,"Amazing fun little shooter.  It isnt for the fient of heart, but in a new PC world we need an old monster from the old world to be remade to kick us in the♥♥♥♥♥again and thats exactly what we got. Dont expect anything ground breaking here, but what you can expect is a solid game and a great time waster. Strongly reccomend for fans of the old game here.  There is everything you know and love and some fun little extras and fun cross over I wont spoil but you probably already know about!In the words of Postal Dude. ""I have no regrets"""
,Recommended,401680,32022113,Posted: 28 May,all,Wingzzzzy,For me Postal Redux is one of the best way to play the original postal
,Recommended,401680,33936512,Posted: 31 July,all,Bushwomann,Best possible outcome of a remaster a game can get. The graphics are good and the gameplay is amazing too. Definitely recommend it.
,Recommended,401680,23114658,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Pepe Silvia,"Just old school fun, reminds me of why I started playing video games in the first place!"
,Recommended,401680,23263048,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,76561198027781948,-insert edgy review about school shooting-
,Recommended,401680,29121483,Posted: 8 January,all,Red7349,"Probably the best game ever made, and you should buy this for yourself, for your family and all your friends.I am clearly unbiased and have no financial ties to this product at all, so you can trust my judgement!"
,Recommended,401680,26257861,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Charlie McRapekit,"For those of you who never played the original Postal, I'll let you know that it wasn't a wacky and silly game like Postal 2 is. This game tried its hardest to be as offensive as possible. It was an isometric shooter that had only one goal in mind: kill as many cops/swat/soldiers/ect as you could while innocent civilians run around in the crossfire, until the game allows you to move on to the next level. Postal 1 caused quite a stir during 1997 in both the media and in politics, but combined with mindlessly fun gameplay and dark attempts at humor, the game became the definition of a cult classic.For those of you who have played the original Postal, this redux version polished a lot of the old things while adding in a bunch of new things. The graphics look far better, there's new levels to play on, there's a brand new ""rampage"" game mode that adds more playability, it supports 4 player coop, and there's a new revolver to shoot people with. But probably the best thing about this Postal Redux is that the dreadful controls from the original have been fixed. Gone are the tanky and sluggish feeling the old game had for controls, they've been replaced with full mouse support. Things like moving around, aiming, and shooting feels natural and is a breeze to do now.My only real complaint is that it feels like there's much less dark humor in this redux than there was in the original. However, if you're a fan of the postal series, or just like playing games with wanton and senseless amounts of violence, Postal Redux is well worth the $8.99 to buy it. 4.0/5.0"
,Recommended,401680,27173923,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,art mifo,"I, like many others, had always been familiar with and lovedPostal 2, whilst never having played the first instalment.The situation has changed recently, and I must say I'm satisfied, though I didn't really have any expectations.It's different.It's simple. You could say that there's no plot (none that matters, anyway) and not much humour, justkillingandpure madness.Still, playing it has been genuine fun. There are great many ways of completing a single level, depending on which weapon you choose, how you use covers and explosives (both stationary and hand-carried), whether you are killing civilians (intentionally), etc. You should give this game a try even if you've already played the original version, what with the new engine and small things.The loading screens, however, are truly ANNOYING! They actually give you enough time to make yourself a cup of tea each time you're dead and have to start a level again."
,Recommended,401680,26328834,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Richard,"POSTAL Redux brings back the original isometric from 1997 to a new and a fresh style, with a fully working co-op mode and the Special Delivery expansion.Play again as the Postal Dude, with a touch of a psycological horror loading screens and music, clean the earth from human vermin.Well, what else i can say about this game, it has passed a long time since i didnt played the original postal game, i was extemely hyped.I got this game when i had the moneys, like always, and it definetly worth it.If you are a fan of the postal series you should definetly get it."
,Recommended,401680,28976100,Posted: 3 January,all,ВОКРУГ КИЕВА ПОЯВИЛАСЬ ВСЕЛЕННАЯ,"Very long load maps, you can drink tea. All in all great game"
76561198055338667,Recommended,401680,28340421,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Majima Jeff,"It's less than $2 right now. What you see is what you get. It's nothing like Postal 2 but if games such as Robotron were ever your cup of tea, this should be a no brainer. Harder to recommend before due to outdated controls and no gamepad support. Thankfully, RWS is one of the few companies that listens to their fans and they have made all the necessary adjustments in order to make this game playable in the modern age.Buy it, support a good developer. Buy Postal 2 while you're at it and avoid 3 like the plague."
76561198056970174,Recommended,401680,30107689,Posted: 22 February,all,Spyro Jyro,POSTAL Redux is much better than the orginal POSTAL. If  you liked the concept of the orginal POSTAL but found the controls unusuable than this game is for you. Since this is a remake of the original POSTAL the story is very similar but they ended upchanging the ending.The variety of weapons and levels make the game intresting till the end. And since there's Cooperative you can be a monster with your friends! This game is pretty dark so I if your of a weak constitution then I'd consider that before buying.If you like isometric shooters I would recommend this.
,Recommended,401680,26415282,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Skwatch,"I heard many rumours about this game as a kid. At school many other kids talked about a game even crazier and bloodier than GTA 1,  which at the time (1997 - 1998) was the most brutal game on PS1 we knew. But nobody knew anybody that played Postal. Later I discovered Postal 2. A friend found it on Bearshare together with some crazy malware and we played the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of that game.But I never saw Postal 1 till I bought this game recently for 1 euro on steam and it's indeed crazy. It's like they took the rampage missions from GTA and made a whole new game with that concept.It's a dark twin stick shooter. You are just a murdering maniac shooting down as many people as you can in public places.It takes you back to the nineties, when brutal, bloody political incorrect games were something new and threating. Feeling like you were doing something that you shoudn't do. Making parents scared that you were being turned into a terrorist.BTW,, remember Phobia II? Probably not.... That was also another sick twin stick shooter from WAH software. It was a cheap game based on Starship Troopers. I played that game with a friend. One played with the wasd keys another with the arrow keys on the keyboard. And somehow it brings that nostalgic feeling back... Totally different games but released the same year... The graphics are on the same level... Whatever, buy this game. It's part of gaming history, essential to play."
,Recommended,401680,29111218,Posted: 8 January,all,Freeman1255,"I'lll try to write the most relasitic and understanding/mature review of this game that I can(warning, some strong language used)First up I just want to get a minor annoyance/gripe out of the way, Postal and any games similar to them (Hatred. Party Hard etc) aren't some evil games that were made by messed up people, don't get me wrong, the games are grim and can get pretty morbid, but just because you play this game doesn't mean your messed up or that only ♥♥♥♥ed up people play this game, there have been books and movies where literally the entire premise of them was to be as morbid as possible (ie. the hills have eyes or the film rampage by uwe boll)Anyway, on to the reviewPostal Redux is an HD remake of the orginal game with improved graphics, additional campagins, multiplayer, and most importantly, BETTER CONTROLSLengthwise the game is short, I literally beat the game the exact night I reviewed it, not to mention in one binge, which took 3 hours, the game's not very lengthy, but the grim/black kind of humor, references and funny dialogue (ie. finding RWS's logo in the background or lines like ""has anyone seen my ear"" can make you laugh as you go crazy just blazing everyone like a madmanThe game is far from perfect, as there are times where turrets literally don't give you any time to move and get out of the way (rocket turrets to be precise) and I think the game would be nice if it had  an area builder/editor, that would strongly increase its replay valueDon't get me wrong, the rampages and additional modes can be nice extras and multiplayer can get crazy if you tag a buddy along, but similar to the game rampage, this game is meant to be quick, mindless fun, and unless you are a big fan or want to beat the game on the hardest difficulty, you won't want to do the entire campaign more than onceTo conclude this review, this game is an interesting, funny, and crazy way to waste time, not everyone that plays it is messed up nor does this game cause u to become an evil ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, (you'd have to be crazy to do what you see in a video game anyway or your way too young) and while the game has its moments, the best route is to get the game while its discounted (I grabed it during the winter sale) and played in short bursts"
76561198108050382,Recommended,401680,29112136,Posted: 8 January,all,skullsmasher144,"What is there to say about Postal REDUX, well the only thing there is to say is that it is worth every penny of your moneyand its FREAKING AWESOME definitely pick it up and support Running With Scissors."
76561198148598345,Recommended,401680,31367553,Posted: 25 April,all,RealStreetJesus,My experience so far.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7LZjIlc1MHM&ab_channel=HomosexualTrapezoids
76561198050517705,Recommended,401680,29118183,Posted: 8 January,all,docxks,"It's ♥♥♥♥ing Postal! What more do you need to know?It's FREAKING Awesome!!!!!Buy the game, suppurt the developers"
,Recommended,401680,29120823,Posted: 8 January,all,Supergailey1,"I am not able to get this game fully functioning because I don't have the right software, but once I do, say good night to the many people being massacurred! >:)"
76561198070761874,Recommended,401680,29106122,Posted: 7 January,all,Ruxan,"An amazing game of mental illness and jumping into the mind of a funny psycho killer, Postal is one of the best games I have played in 2016 I say that you should play it as well."
76561197976242246,Recommended,401680,23558048,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,ScrubE,"If you have to read reviews of this before purchasing, you are a mongoloid.  Buy it now!  Thanks for another classic, RWS.  Hope to pass this one down to my grandkids!"
,Recommended,401680,23572257,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Kenny_MCII™,This game is proof that video games are art.
,Recommended,401680,28621117,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,yummycake_xian,"PROS:-brutal murder action-good old game, only better graphic this time-small people is so cuteCONS:-not yet to find a con"
76561198373847005,Recommended,401680,34985536,Posted: 15 September,all,Cheap Rugs,"keep your medkits close but your crosshair closerPretty good gameif you like postal 2 you are bound to like postal reduxIncludes: First game campain, rampage mode and 2 other campainsPrice: $8.99Value: $5.99Score: 8.75/10recommend"
76561198370375711,Recommended,401680,31850745,Posted: 19 May,all,r.pasheek,every bit as enjoyable as the original. A++++++
,Recommended,401680,30269689,Posted: 1 March,all,Ekenwars,Reminds me of games I used to play as a kid.Yes I was a troubled kid.7.5/10
,Recommended,401680,26379976,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Jay,"Faithfully recreates the original Postal game with high(er) resolution graphics, and great quality sound assets.Pros:It's Postal! The original classic game, inspired by the lone gunman, a psychotic killer with nothing to lose. Our protagonist: The Postal Dude, a trench coat wearing, one-liner spitting, patriotic killer.It's control scheme is much easier than the original with support for controllers and mouse and keyboard, plays bit like a twin stick shooter in that respect.Cons:Loading times. Seriously. The start up loading time is stupidly long, I'm gonna have to move this game to my SDD and hope for the best. Returning to the menu can take a long time as well. While the first level you load might take a bit, suprisingly the load time in between levels is not anywhere near as bad. But that start up loading time borders on GTA Online bad."
76561198076823903,Recommended,401680,27900553,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Alien,"""Guns don't kill people, people are killed by other people with bigger guns. We need gun control. Vote for me and I'll kill those ♥♥♥♥s!""- Postal Dude the 46th, 2020 - 2028"
76561198060425410,Recommended,401680,26438352,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Toasty,"It's incredible to see how far RWS has come. The difference between Postal and Postal Redux is night and day, and I welcome this high definition re-creation of Postal."
,Recommended,401680,25791685,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,DaggerfallNerd,"Ive gotten as far as the Carnival on this game, 112 minutes as of writing this review.I have to say its better than the original, FAR better. ive never gotten this far on medium on the original before.the originals controls felt clunky, tank controls are what they were called. The gamepad support is spot on, the original didnt have this. The postal dude seems to be faster this time around, the switching between weapons and throwables are quicker and easier than ever.The art, new enemy models, and additions to this make this version far superior.this game THRIVES on being a Twin Stick shooter.the only downside i can see is that starting the game takes forever, the original booted quickly, postal 2 took a while to start up but wasnt this bad. Even DOOM (2016) doesnt take this long to boot up to the main menu. it took a few before POSTAL appeared in a box on the screen, showing up on the task bar on my computer. and even after that it felt like a whole minute i had waited once it went full screen and the Running With Scissors logo stopped spinning and it dropped me to the main menu. Additionally the innitial loading screen when starting a new game seemed a bit long too, but not as long as boot was for me. I just dont feel like on a HDD running at 7500 RPM on a high end gaming computer should take 10 seconds to load the first level of a game like this.     ---- but honestly this was all minor, because after the first level, the second level only took about 5 seconds to load, and every other level took the same amount of time as the previous one took to load.Additionally there are a few jabs and knocks on HATRED, a similar game inspired by the original this redux was based on. there are color modes in the game and one filters the colors to be nearly like HATRED has in the games art style. and if you hit ""T"" in game, and type ""MyNameIsNotImportant"" and hit enter, you will unlock ""NotImportant"" a fully voiced and modeled character of the HATRED dude. im suprised they included this. you need to go to GAME in the menu (when you pause) and press A or click on the option for color (not the left and right variables!) to change your character.Honestly i like this more than HATRED, i havent finished HATRED due to its bugs, the game does look better than POSTAL Redux... but it plays the same and has litterally ZERO BUGS.POSTAL Redux includes several other filters for coloring, CO-OP (havent tried yet), the POSTAL PLUS Levels, multiple colors to use for the postal dude, a clown to play as, extra levels, civilians that flee from buildings that add more to your body count. and the rocket launcher guy i swear looks exactly like Sargent Killgore from Apocalypse Now....Bottom line, THIS IS GOODTHIS IS AN IMPROVEMENTRWS MAKE POSTAL 4 ALREADY!!!! TAKE MY MONEYEDIT 3 hours into the game, finished with the special levels finished, i have to say even at full price which i believe is around $ 8.99 USD. This game IS worth it. ignore the metacritic reviews, those nearly all of those outlets ive never heard of, not even polygon, IGN, Gamespot or Kotaku has reviewed this yet, so no one of note has written a published review. this game has ALOT of content, and is really worth its full price."
,Recommended,401680,32131232,Posted: 2 June,all,Computer Player,"According to Running With Scissors​ own Mike Jaret, POSTAL Redux has not sold well. So you're gonna have to buy it. Pwease? It's a good game I promise. '3'"
,Recommended,401680,31320003,Posted: 23 April,all,RAMA,Very nice game. I wanted to buy it a long time ago and suddenly checked 84% discount. So I bought it and I am very pleased:)looking forward for some updates!
76561197975363993,Recommended,401680,31985364,Posted: 26 May,all,ooossslllooo,i.love.this.game
76561198142114298,Recommended,401680,33408450,Posted: 9 July,all,thomaselliot811,"awesome gameplay, awesome levels, awesome story from start to finish, plus it's got the antagonist from hatred in it so it's pretty much got everything you would want in an isometric shooter."
,Recommended,401680,31780446,Posted: 15 May,all,UncleKitchener,"A refined re-release of the original Postal for modern systems taking modern controls into account. Both mouse+keyboard and controller setups are supported well compared to the original game which had some old-fashioned controls. The new display and rendering options also makes this very easy to set up on modern setups.Still the same old arcade-style shooter with loads of different weapon options. The new weapons and AI make Redux a new game, albeit with the same levels. If you have played the original, this is well worth the purshase since it's an improvement over the original."
,Recommended,401680,23120428,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Margeknox,"If you loved the original this is definetly a  must buy. It really was terrible playing the original at first espcially with the broken controls, but this one's near perfect at the moment! Can't see what else is coming for this!"
,Recommended,401680,24831349,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,𝓐𝔁𝓲𝓲,"TL;DR at BottomIf you enjoyed this review,consider giving it a thumbs up!Being a psychopath has never been this funRecommended Purchasehttp://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=734792995Postal Redux is an isometric shooter with a very dark and unnerving spin since instead of killing demented demons or aliens, your job is to slaughter civillians and those who would come to their aid. Postal is a very unique game since in many other games you might play as the noble knight who vanquishes demons or maybe an elite special ops soldier who stops terrorists but Postal poses a very unique question, what happens when the demon is you? Postal is essentially a game that takes the traditional good guys beat bad guys mindset and turns it on its head and puts you in the role of making sure that the bad guys win. This is a very unique game since even in the other Postal games they're more comical and here in the original instead of laughing while peeing on people you're setting towns aflame and fighting with the demons in your mind.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=734792963Postals game mechanics are very simple and very sweet, if a bit repetitive at times. Postal gives you a variety of weapons you can use ranging from basics like a revolver or a shotgun to a flamethrower and a rocket launcher. The problem is that you're given so many weapons but you only end up using one or two of them since you can use those same weapons for just about every situation in the game. I wish there was more variation with the enemies as well since they're all the exact same thing with the only difference being their models, weapons, and the amount of bullets they soak up. The levels however, are varied and interesting as you fight at carnivals, in a military base, or even in a mine at one point. The levels are generally very straightforward with the exception of a couple secret areas off to the sides where you can grab some extra armor or ammunition. When you make a game with the main mechanic being shooting people you have to make sure that the guns feel very responsive, unique, and fun to use and that's something Postal definitely doesn't do. The first gun you get is an MP5 submachine gun and it feels incredibly responsive but also extremely weak at the same time and this is how just about all the games weapons feel which is a shame since shooting people is ninety nine percent of what you're doing in Postal.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=734792980Postal is a game that set the standard for what was considered to be crossing the line and although some may find the game disturbing there is something to be said about a company like RWS who was willing to cross that line and push the boundaries or what is considered okay. While the media called the game deplorable and claimed it glorified violence Postal is actually quite an interesting look into a fascinating story of a man gone mad by the stresses of modern life and really makes you think as to whether you're a murdering psychopath who butchers people and laughs or maybea broken man who was locked up for reasons he couldn't understand.TL;DRPostal Redux is a psychotic look into what happens when instead of butchering demons, the demon is you.If you found this review helpful or entertaining then feel free to leave a comment and join my Steam Curator Group atMudkips Gaming"
76561198029036718,Recommended,401680,23677844,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,JacktheRipper,"Now after beating the game I will give out my review.Postal Redux is a remastering of the original postal game with updated graphics and controls. One thing I will mention is that the controls are much better than they were in the original postal. (Seriously they were♥♥♥♥♥♥in the original)Pros+-Much better controls (even better shooting than the recent game Hatred)-Decent variety of weapons-We got good ol Rick Hunter reprising his role as the Postal Dude. (we even have Corey Burton who did the dude in Postal III narrating the ending.)-Really messed up and awesome looking illustrations. (my Favorite is the one in the credits and in the main menu)-a good handful of levels with more coming in a free updateMixed opinions+/--while the shooting is very spot on it also means the enemies can't really miss shooting you unless they're throwing grenades, shooting rockets, or firing napalm launchers. It can make it hard not to die.-Ignore this if you have been a fan of the Postal Series since the first Postal...but the tone here is much different than Postal 2. It seems to be focused on a much more gritty and twisted theme than offensive, low brow humor. (although I really don't have a issue with it. I enjoy dark stuff, but it can be a little surprising.)-the graphics aren't the best, but I didn't have a issue with it. I know others might though, but it's freaking Postal so who cares XD.Cons --Those god damn rocket turrents! They keep firing rockets non stop when your in their view which means they can keep blasting you and you keep getting knocked down. I can count at least 6 times I died thanks to this, and I know you can duck, but I didn't even have enough time to do that while the Postal Dude was getting up....plus ducking isn't helpful when your forced up against a god damn wall.-The Air Force Base level. This level was complete ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t to me since there were so many god damn swat officers and so many buildings where they come out of. Plus I had times where I forgot a guy south of me had a ♥♥♥♥ing napalm launcher which resulted in a cheap death because you have barely any control over the Dude when he's on fire! The only pro I have for this is that after this you get to the final level....and see a lot of messed up♥♥♥♥♥♥ So at least the payoff was worth it.-The AI is dumb as rocks. Innocent civilians run around like idiots so it makes it hard to do a pacifist route when the civilians are too dumb to run away from the dude than running in circles.-There are no subtitles.... I know there's not that much talking in Postal, but it's almost impossible to hear Corey Burton in the Ending due to the other sounds being much louder than him.Verdict:Postal Redux is a very good remastered version of the original Postal video game and for $15 dollars you can't go wrong. So if you wanted to get into the first game or you just want a decent amount of fun shooting pick this up. It's worth the money."
,Recommended,401680,23735271,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Hyperchaotic,"Nice remake. I like controls, graphics and Dude's voice acting."
,Recommended,401680,34818759,Posted: 8 September,all,☢Ｊｏｅｙ☢,Remake of a ♥♥♥♥ing mad classic!
76561197971289550,Recommended,401680,26340661,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,mangetout100,"Lets be honest, we all have days where you REALLY wish you could do this....If you liked the original you'll like this, its the same but better graphics and sound. Can't go wrong"
76561198279643074,Recommended,401680,25896772,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Wolfie,10/10 bullies stopped bullying me.
76561197992378146,Recommended,401680,23523802,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Bibbythedark,"This remake does perfectly what it's suppose to do.It carefully recreate what was good about the original one:-The (awesome) art style-The atmosphere-The general gameplayWhile infusing a breath of fresh air where the original game started the be old. This means:-New revamped controls-New game mode (but you can still play the good old original way)-New graphics-New level-New weaponOnce again RWS punched Mr.Industry in the krotch and showed to everyone who care that they still can do it, with their (dark and twisted) love."
76561198027873867,Recommended,401680,25067449,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,OG Hipstah Baybeh,"Fast-paced isometric shooter. Very violent and fun.Got every achievment and A+'s on all rampage levels; I like it a lot.Needs a few patches to make it better, but it's pretty awesome.Could use more sounds, gibs, laser-sight, etc. (modders or RWS could do this in an update).Looking forward to the free maps!Hope they add leaderboards and more gore.Also, the AI needs improvement; civilians run around like chickens w/o heads, creating a cartoony environment."
76561198302153288,Recommended,401680,34510724,Posted: 26 August,all,I had the Gay,The perfect game to play during the back to school season.
,Recommended,401680,31027733,Posted: 8 April,all,El Flashka Noobka,"Remake of Postal, with coop mode."
,Recommended,401680,23144598,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Jasuchin,"It's amazing the difference exchanging the sloppy tank controls for a functional mouse+keyboard setup makes. While Postal 2 is still the better game in every way, This remastering of the original is still worth going back to and playing."
,Recommended,401680,30989857,Posted: 6 April,all,Ricter,Fantastic remake of a classic shoot em up.Would go postal with a friend again...and again...and again...
,Recommended,401680,23175435,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Weirder Wonderland,"On this day, the demons have brought us together, so that each may help the other strike out against The Man."
,Recommended,401680,23130858,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,P.S. Trooper,My new favorite Postal game. Plays pretty good at 5k.
,Recommended,401680,23128260,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Luke,"Brilliant game! would recommend it to everyone who have played POSTAL and POSTAL 2, (not POSTAL 3). The graphics look nice and the new controls make it so much less dificult.10/10 for me."
,Recommended,401680,23104629,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,The Evil Soultaker,I bought this before the discounts and it was worth every penny.
76561198021757575,Recommended,401680,23792427,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Incipit Satan,I Swear Playing The Redux Is More Harder Than The Original!!!!!!!
,Recommended,401680,23102228,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Trickstabber,Absolutely worth it!
,Recommended,401680,24558415,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,R-B-A [BFTUK],"Very good game, interesing story, good enemies, good graphic! For me 11/10!"
,Recommended,401680,28361228,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,IronHammock,Live out your fantasies.
,Recommended,401680,26318133,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Paindemonium,"Good redux, good improvements of movement and still good fun. To short. Just like this review :P. 7/10"
,Recommended,401680,31849359,Posted: 19 May,all,henrycats4life,Gud
,Recommended,401680,26622503,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Cr0c0dile486,"Some differences from the original as far as map design confused me. Probably done for newbs. Gun fires more rapidly and AI is definitely a couple notches better though I kinda liked how some civilians would stop and stay motionless and you would have to hunt them down for 100% kills. Feels like the screen size should pan out more for the 16:9 top and bottom crunch. Can't really see what I'm shooting at above or below sometimes. Art is basically the same, but higher res. Some spots darker and some things like trees are different. Music is slightly different, can't say all these things are improvements, but different isn't bad necessarily. Though I do think the original was pretty perfect. I switched the control scheme for 360 controls and it is much better than the default layout. I mostly just got this version for the co-op. I'll probably still play the other for single player campaigns. It is pretty cool to have it all in HD. Just kinda think it should have a larger overhead view instead of trying to keep a 1:1 with the original. Do like the new game mode as well. When's Postal 2 Redux coming out?  ;D"
,Recommended,401680,24146850,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Scorcho,"First thing I do when I launch this is listen to Tame Impala.It's quite calming, therapeutic even."
76561198025450161,Recommended,401680,23722647,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,uniteRdie,I feel weird... Where am I? What year is it? I think it's good.
76561198123044756,Recommended,401680,23443635,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,al22,i like it
,Recommended,401680,25394698,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,iWaNN,Co-op! 10/10! WAAAGH!!!
76561198269041088,Recommended,401680,23121166,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Ken,"This is worth a few bucks. It is VERY simplistic and straightforward. It looks much better than the original version. If you liked the original Postal, this is a must. If you never played the original, you will find that the violence (and gore) is not very extreme compared to most of todays games, the theme tho is ultraviolent, so this isn't really appropriate for young little kids..... They didn't try to make anything better outside of the cosmetics, and to me that is both the greatest strength and the greatest weakness of Postal Redux. I would  recommend this game for a rainy afternoon...... won't be anything left of it by evening tho ^^"
,Recommended,401680,31292632,Posted: 22 April,all,"GR|M "" 死神 "" Reap3R","Never play the first Postal before, I started it in Postal II.And I was thinking, how is this such an old simple game be any fun....boy I was wrong....honestly I had more fun in this Postal Redux than what I had in Postal II....but both are complete different game, let's be fair....Postal II is great as well, but Postal Redux is currently "" D "" Best Postal series IMO...I've even play Hatred...well again it's a similar game but still different....I won't compare them. Both are great.But If I were to choose only one...I have to choose Postal Redux....As Postal Dude always says, I regret nothing....besides the fact that I didn't play this game earlier !!! !!!"
,Recommended,401680,31255018,Posted: 20 April,all,Bacon,"I had trouble playing the original (either not running, colours were screwed and I cbf fixing it at the time though I own it on disc, GoG and Steam) and I have to say this is a great remake (even though I haven't exactly played the original enough to fairly say that) but I can tell some effort went into this, its been remastered, works on newer systems has some cool video post effects options as well as some MP goodness. The game is cheap, it comes with achievements and cards to collect as well as having full controller support. The game also comes packed with DLC/Add Ons all in the one package which is neat!My first thought is, it feels and plays a little bit like Hatred (which is what I assume what Hatred got it's ideas from to a degree). I love the Postal series (started with #2, don't love 3 but I like parts of it). Its a good little game to kill some time with and can easily get hooked and played for hours."
76561198098792805,Recommended,401680,23130376,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,★mercury★,"Great remake of the original game, good colours and effects, I hope the DLC gets remade, and maybe some new levels, but yeah! if you liked the first postal's dark tones, buy it!"
,Recommended,401680,23123825,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,a negro boy,marching band
,Recommended,401680,33209546,Posted: 3 July,all,Hermann,when you wanna be a school shooter but HATRED is just too mainstream and isnt quite edgy enough.
,Recommended,401680,23283714,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,a social guarantee,isometric shooter game starring dylan klebold
,Recommended,401680,29101893,Posted: 7 January,all,Dem0nFlare,"OH yes , love how the backrounds where only touched up"
,Recommended,401680,28787676,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Comedy,"i'm bettin the joker told u he's goin postal.,.,"
,Not Recommended,401680,28788575,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Slupkins,"Game seems not bad. Its just remaked POSTAL with MP..But out of 15min ive been 5min waiting for startup loading, 5min waiting for loading between levels and 5 min actually playing the game... which is not enjoyable at all (at least for game remake for something from 1997)"
,Recommended,401680,23331831,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,cameron,The gunknows.
,Recommended,401680,31350861,Posted: 24 April,all,xwarrior1209,better then that ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ game hatred
,Recommended,401680,23127498,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Tonkinese,"Go postal in a greatly re defined version of the original cult clasic.Better visuals, sound and the best comtrols this game has ever had."
,Recommended,401680,23481694,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Willie,Better than the original
,Recommended,401680,23510330,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Grip King,An HD version of the isometric shoot-em-up. Fight against foes and ostridges with your arsenal of deadly weaponry.
76561198082490286,Recommended,401680,31519421,Posted: 3 May,all,demanthor,"after i'm done with the wonderful postal 2 package of the rws i finally got my hands on the postal redux. as a person who actually played the original postal back in the day, i cannot say i had the best of time playing it, it was an average endeavour with an ""original"" premise, playing a mass shooting maniac was both controversial and refreshing and for a person who is not offended by every other thing that's been thrown on his way, it was a nice idea, but the game itself was not great, especially the controls were a big part of the problem plus for me the lack of a comprehensive story was a huge red flag. but on the other hand the hand drawn graphics and some insanely clever ideas here and there ( ""the marching band"" is a wonderful example) and the dark, mysterious core material turned this into a welcoming experience for me.and now with the redux we have the definitive remastered edition of this hiccup of a game, do i recommend it? well... i'm sort of not sure. don't get me wrong the game is great if you're the fan of the series. with added content (even the famous super postal episodes are here) improved graphics and most importantly ""much better controls"" this game is and should be a ""must"". and i can't wrong the game in any of those areas but, since the controls are better now, the game is very, i mean VERY easy. and you can beat it in 2 hours if you just try to speedrun it ( even less than 2 hours if you're better than me at playing games - and you are-). the game offers multiplayer, co-op and rampage modes, which are huge additions but i cannot find anyone online for two of these modes and the rampage mode is not my cup of tea since i'm a linear campaign person. the rampage mode only did the trick for me for an hour or so. afterwards the only choice for me was to uninstall the game.all in all, this is an improvement over postal original on every ♥♥♥♥ing level and the definitive version of the game. if you're going to buy a postal game, start with this game, if you want a twin stick shooter with a darker edge buy this game, if you see this game on the sale ( but only on the sale) buy this game. i can recommend postal 2 and the wonderful add on even if they're not on sale, but this one, imho is an exclusively ""sale"" material because it will keep you occupied only for couple of hours but let's be honest you will enjoy the hell out of those ""couple of hours"".note: and yes, i know rws is still improving the loading times, but i think they still need some improvement."
,Recommended,401680,31301135,Posted: 22 April,all,zeekstey,Only my weapon understands me.
,Recommended,401680,23189597,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,AgentX,"Great game! Improved on the original in everyway. Great sharp looking visuals, gunplay is awesome with keyboard/mouse, and lots of levels to explore. Rampage is fun stuff too!"
,Recommended,401680,28345495,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Kevinet,"THE VOICE IN MY HEAD IS SATISFIED WITH THIS VIRTUAL, SADISTIC SLAUGHTER OF COUNTLESS INNOCENTS.By the by, the loading times are atrocious. Get busy, RWS."
,Recommended,401680,26108163,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Rook,Virtual lives matter.
76561198035616773,Recommended,401680,25422424,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,The Great Cornholio,"The plot of Postal is deliberately kept vague as to not distract from the gameplay. From what can be gathered through the original website, manual, and the game itself, an average man known only as the Postal Dude discovers that a mind altering substance has been released on the town of Paradise, infecting the populace with insanity and blood-lust. Capped off by his sudden eviction from his home, the Postal Dude believes himself to be the only sane man left and sets out to put an end to the madness in his town, which he believes originates from the local Air-Force Base. (Copy and Pasted off The Postal wikia:http://postal.wikia.com/wiki/POSTAL)Now to the gameplay of POSTAL. This game is one of my favorites maybe my favorite game i've played, the gameplay is fun and action packed and scary and the game never gets dull to me no matter how many times I have played it through (3 times on The Original POSTAL and 3 times again on POSTAL: Redux). One thing great the redux does is fix the controls, as when I play the original it took a bit to get used to the controls but for the redux I caught on immediatly. Another reason why you should buy redux is the fact that it is a faithful recreation of the original (they did add one new map though being The Carnival and they added a new weapon, witch both I absolutely love) and don't forget CO-OP, one of the biggest reasons to buy the redux is for the co-op.POSTAL: Redux CO-OP: I aboslutely love that they added CO-OP with this game, it is really fun to go play this game with friends, as me and my friend had a blast going around paradise blasting our way through ""The evil"" ;P (One thing is that if you plan on getting for co-op get a copy to a friend as their is no servers open most of the time sadly :c)TL;DR: BUY THE GAME ALREADY, oh yeah and don't play on easy, play on hard; the more difficult this game is the more fun it is."
,Recommended,401680,28726711,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,My life is a ᶠᵘᵏing joke,I would enjoy the game.If this game was not 64-BIT system.But still i recommend it because its a remaster of the old POSTAL game.
,Recommended,401680,23392367,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,DJ Big Dick Kazoo,Awesome. The new controls really make the game much better.
,Recommended,401680,23288536,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,[WB] Wacky-Cleric07,allright defently this is a well made remake of the original and classic Postal with the crazy postal dude the art style is pretty  cool and creepy i feel the game is a bit more hard than the original but that is allright gives a good challange you have to be carefull where you going or they can kill you pretty badly but the controlers are much well made and comfy to play  RWS defently  made a good jobreally love than you can change your coat colors i guess the postal dudes love coats and show  than you need to look with style while killing everyone anyway this defently did not dissapoint me i love this game as the postal franchise hope they want to make any updates like special delivery or the gaunlet challange and maybe a remake of postal 2 would be awesomeif you read this let me tell you you should try it decent worth the price
,Recommended,401680,23391998,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,🅱️as 👏t he👏 🅱️ikes👏,"An excellent recreation of the original game that doesn't deviate far from the first. The controls are vastly improved, and the old maps look great remade in HD. It feels like Rick Hunter was out of the spirit. Compared to the old lines, he sounded kind of bored and lacked that bit of sarcastic-ness. Kinda like comparing the new/old Freddy from Elm Street.Looking forward to the coop modes, and Special Delivery maps too."
,Recommended,401680,23185863,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,Spookyfast Jumperfish,"AI is kind of naf, enemies walk into their own nades and civillians walk right into cross fire which I guess adds to challenge if you're going for that sick cheevo. The mechanics feel good though and the music in rampage mode is cool. If nothing else pick the game up to have Rick Hunter be edgy at you once more."
,Recommended,401680,24604066,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Raptomex,The Rampage Mode is the greatest addition. Check out our video review.https://youtu.be/93g1iIhV4cI
,Recommended,401680,27041432,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Dr. Spagooter,"This game is really a lot of fun!I thought for a moment when I was playing the game it might get a little repetitive, but it was fun throughout the whole game.Now the fact it has co-op makes it even more fun!"
,Recommended,401680,28043634,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Dearka,molotov strike!
76561198092424917,Recommended,401680,32309098,Posted: 9 June,all,DG,"This game is awesome by yourself and with friends, but don't try playing with other people or it will cost major lag."
,Recommended,401680,30051192,Posted: 19 February,all,Pimpy,"Postal Redux is if Eric Harris didnt commit suicide and went on a killing spree 20 years later (i think) yea but if you dont understand satire you're gonna have to go because this game will trigger you like a furry saying,""F*** N****** F*** JEWS F*** DANK MEMES"" this game is fun also I wished it had a larger selection of weapons but sadly it doesn't I reccomend this game plus Postal Dudes jokes cracked me up."
,Recommended,401680,28434756,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Chris the crispy cunt,GET IT NOW BEFORE THE SALE IS OVER!!!! GET IT!!!!!!!10/10
,Recommended,401680,29921484,Posted: 14 February,all,Artimis,Hell of an enjoyable game
,Recommended,401680,33823751,Posted: 26 July,all,JNr,i have nothing to say but this game is so great
76561198053131220,Recommended,401680,26357673,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Fritters,"It's quite dark, both figuratively and literally."
,Recommended,401680,24627650,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,EmperorPresident,"If you are one of those people who likes doing the ""Genocide Run"" in games, then look no further."
,Recommended,401680,26302020,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,obompalheto,good old times!
,Recommended,401680,29929782,Posted: 14 February,all,Bud,"After playing the sequel, I had my doubts so I waited for this game to go on sale before I buy it and now that I have tried it.  I truly would have been glad to buy it at full price.  This game is truly a jem and now I can honestly see why it was frowned upon by the government when I was a kid.However, let the polititians see what is out there now and all...is this game really that bad?  But yeah, this game is fun and I highly suggest it."
,Recommended,401680,27311228,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Alf Stewart,"A reference example of how to create a modern HD version of an old title.  Age of Empires II HD developers, take note!"
76561197991303896,Not Recommended,401680,30250967,Posted: 28 February,all,TDuke,"I think you have to of played this back-in-the-day to enjoy it. I works unlike the non-redux version, but it is still super basic and dated. I love Postal 2, but this one not so much."
,Recommended,401680,23198221,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,Chukes,im somentally unhealthyafter playing this game
,Recommended,401680,23158305,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,lukkan99,its is like postal 1 but better conttrols and a new gamemode. if like postal 1 but tinck the controlls was bad. i recomand this
,Recommended,401680,23109050,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Lord Cthulhu,"Blessed are the meek, for they make easy targets"
,Recommended,401680,23242793,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Pump Lil Desu,This game was so good i played it in real life with my friend eric and was not dissapointed :^)
76561198270952794,Recommended,401680,25760563,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Cyphrus_,"""Going Postal."""
76561197996108775,Not Recommended,401680,30171393,Posted: 25 February,all,mdkrieter,"I really like this game and the co-op part, but what ruins it is not having a difficulty setting.  It wouldn't be that hard to add one and just give the player extra health at the start of each map if they pick easy setting for the map.Your only option for trying to make it through each map is to die 5-10 times and memorize where the enemies are on that map.  Also, part of the problem is you can't see some of the enemies on screen, but they can shoot you dead.  So you pretty much have to charge in and die to get an idea of who's there and where they're standing.  Having to charge around each map and memorize it 5-10 times gets really boring for a group of guys who just want to have some fun after a long day at work.  And even if you get the guys to memorize it, you still have to get lucky and not all get killed, because it's really easy to get killed.  Since they reworked the whole game, you think a difficulty setting would be easy enough to add.  This would also help replayability I think, because you could take on a harder level once you beat each one.Cheat codes don't let you progress if you use them, so that's not an answer.  I'm disappointed that they didn't take that one easy, extra step to make it fun for everyone."
,Recommended,401680,32612732,Posted: 21 June,all,Mekururuhanae,well good game not bad
76561198046747192,Recommended,401680,31052027,Posted: 9 April,all,WitchingSnake,Muahahaha.
,Recommended,401680,28660594,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,cyber dada,Couldn't play it on my potato pc...but pretty cool i guess
,Recommended,401680,25252062,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Recon ♔,Big inprovemwnt over the original.
76561198186370802,Recommended,401680,25402976,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,The Best Noob,game is great its fun sadly no one plays it i play it not sure if anyone else does its a fun game i just want ppl to play
,Recommended,401680,23260673,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Goatmall,"Amazing redux, would love to see a Postal 2 Redux sometime in the future!"
,Recommended,401680,32973106,Posted: 28 June,all,CoolTanGuy,Perfect remaster!
76561198107387457,Recommended,401680,23843837,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Sleeps on concusions,Great game for High School kids!
,Recommended,401680,23841175,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,LivingLitch,Roughly 2 hours to beat the game on normal difficulty. Theres a rampage mode that allows you to replay levels to test your skills with a high score. Its worth the money if you can get it for under $10.
,Recommended,401680,26349331,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Terminal 7 DIABETES,"be sure to use the ""how do you pronounce gif"" filter"
76561198126975019,Recommended,401680,23207879,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,wolfinston85,"Nice remaster, it keeps the original feel without deviating so much from it, while at the same time adding needed fixes that build up from the already decent original game."
76561198268815249,Recommended,401680,30347223,Posted: 5 March,all,Alex Vasquez,Will the game ever come to OS? or not.
,Not Recommended,401680,28351605,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,NSA put me on watchlist,"Ah who am I kidding, this game's load times are still♥♥♥♥♥Don't buy unless your computer is Jesus Himself"
76561198106327597,Recommended,401680,23126986,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,nigga im bigweld,Trump Rally: The Video Game
,Recommended,401680,25833540,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Purple Funny Joke,Postal Redux is one of the best Tactial shooter this game is for the fact that the look of the game is beatuiful and how the game plays some or more then the time is weapons and how great some of the weapons were in the patches but it is a real fun game of you want to get scared or killing this game is for you but. of you don't like that then leave but i leave you with this get busy killing or get busy dying.
,Recommended,401680,27333672,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Dr. Haus,"Done this for a badge, I will edit this later."
,Recommended,401680,32978344,Posted: 29 June,all,aspect,yeet
,Recommended,401680,23137758,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,panc,EDGY
,Not Recommended,401680,31568135,Posted: 5 May,all,Antagonist,"It's a fun game, but the loading times are absolutely atrocious. Would be a solid 6.5 out of 10, but the loading times make it a 2 out of 10. I'd have gotten a solid 8 to 10 hours out of it, but the loading times left me unable and unwilling to play any longer than I did. It's been out for as long as it's been out, and the patch notes mention fixing the loading times... I can't even ♥♥♥♥ing imagine what they used to be like. I genuinely believe they put those patch notes there to trick people into buying it, because it's a solid 3 or 4 minutes each loading screen. It isn't my laptop, I can run Outlast with no problem and that game is like 100x more graphically intense than this game.Do not recommend."
,Not Recommended,401680,31624618,Posted: 8 May,all,RAMOX,the loading is torture
,Not Recommended,401680,30037224,Posted: 19 February,all,AguilaDeAcero,"A pretty good remaster. Awesome controls too (improved over the original like a dream come true). To bad you get on some systems (even with recommended hw settings) extreeeemly long load times (6minutes in my case, no joke). Bought this game 2 times over time to see if they finally fixed this. Nope.The final choice now it's in your hands. Buy or not to buy. Only you can stop the evil!"
76561198015503910,Recommended,401680,26631717,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,MS. Green Label,8/10 nice
,Not Recommended,401680,27800753,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,YungNecktie👌ᶠᵘᶜᵏᵧₒᵤ,"I have played this game for a total of 15 minutesOut of that 15 minutes, 11 of it was staring at loading screensMy favorite part so far would be that when I went to close the game, it wouldn't close, it just took me to another loading screen. I couldn't alt-tab out to Steam, i couldn't kill the process in task manager, I couldn't right click the icon in the application bar and close the game in that way, I couldn't alt-tab to chrome to search for a fix.The game literally forced me to stare at a loading screen until I got♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off enough to restart my computer0/10 poorly optimized piece of trash, would refund again"
,Not Recommended,401680,29157387,Posted: 9 January,all,Caveman,WHY WONT IT LAUNCH
76561198108525024,Not Recommended,401680,30866054,Posted: 31 March,all,ZombieDasher,"Bought this game for a friend and I to play, so far each time we start a game, the player who isn't host gets disconnected."
76561198101982651,Not Recommended,401680,30849163,Posted: 31 March,all,MrRepublic,Would not start at all. And once i managed to make it run the title screen it couldnt even start a game at all. Thats what you get for a dollar game i guess ?
76561198133506997,Not Recommended,401680,25758854,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,JerryDaMouse,"This game is okay, not worth what i paid for whatsoever. This game is Postal 1, with mouse controls, which can prob be modded into postal 1, and more updated grahpics, which dont look too much better than the original. This game also removed some content, i've heard that the school cutscene/level was removed, and other controversial content. Postal 2 is cheap and so is its DLC, prob the best postal out there, go get postal 2 + paradise lost DLC instead, or if you want, the original version. Keep in mind, the original has no mouse support.PS: The loading times for this game is un-forgivable. You die, you reload the level, taking an actual Minute and 30 seconds. This makes the game feel boring af"
,Not Recommended,401680,30678529,Posted: 22 March,all,swiTch,"So many issues, better play POSTAL 2."
,Not Recommended,401680,34312110,Posted: 17 August,all,NightMerus,"I played the previous games and I have to say that this game is really poor.It's not well optimized so it feels like the frame rate is not all right.It has no story like Postal 2, it is not funny or fun, its just a repetitive copy, there's no challenge.I played for only 1 hours and I'm sure I won't be playing it anymore."
,Recommended,401680,28727948,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,┌П┐(◣_◢)┌П┐,░░█▀░░░░░░░░░░░▀▀███████░░░░░░█▌░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▀██████░░░░█▌░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░███████▌░░░█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░████████░░▐▌░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▀██████▌░░░▌▄███▌░░░░▀████▄░░░░▀████▌░░▐▀▀▄█▄░▌░░░▄██▄▄▄▀░░░░████▄▄░▐░▀░░═▐░░░░░░══░░▀░░░░▐▀░▄▀▌▌▐░░░░░▌░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▀░▀░░▌▌▐░░░▄▀░░░▀░▌░░░░░░░░░░░░▌█░▌▌░▌░░▀▀▄▄▀▀▄▌▌░░░░░░░░░░▐░▀▐▐░░▌░░▌░▄▄▄▄░░░▌░░░░░░░░▐░░▀▐░░░█░▐▄██████▄░▐░░░░░░░░█▀▄▄▀░░░▐░▌▌░░░░░░▀▀▄▐░░░░░░█▌░░░░░░░░█░░▄▀▀▀▀▄░▄═╝▄░░░▄▀░▌░░░░░░░░░▌▐░░░░░░▌░▀▀░░▄▀░░▐░░░░░░░░░░▀▄░░░░░░░░░▄▀▀░░░░█░░░░░░░░░░▄█▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▀▀░░░░░░░▌▌░░░░░░░░▄▀▌▀▌░░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▀▀▄░░░░░▄▀░░▌░▀▄░░░░░░░░░░▄▀░░▌░▀▄░░░░░░░▌█▄▄▀▄░░░░░░▄▀░░░░▌░░░▌▄▄░░░▄▐██████▄▄░▄▀░░▄▄▄▄▌░░░░▄░░░▄▌████████▄▄▄███████▌░░░░░▄░▄▀░██████████████████▌▀▄░░░░▀░░░█████▀▀░░░▀███████░░░▀▄░░░░░░▐█▀░░░▐░░░░░▀████▌░░░░▀▄░░░░░░░▌░░░▐░░░░▐░░▀▀█░░░░░░░▀░░░░░░▐░░░░▌░░░▐░░░░░▌░░░░░░░░╔╗║░╔═╗░═╦═░░░░░╔╗░░╔═╗░╦═╗░░║║║░║░║░░║░░░░░░╠╩╗░╠═╣░║░║░░║╚╝░╚═╝░░║░░░░░░╚═╝░║░║░╩═╝░
76561198024621095,Not Recommended,401680,26350487,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,emkpro,I tried this game when it was first out. And frankly it was too difficult and not really fun for me. I liked Postal 2 but first one is too pointless for me. Not really a game but a chore if I may. Off course these are my personal thoughts but I am gaming more than 20 years. And I can not I recommend this game with a clear conscience.
76561197970538611,Not Recommended,401680,25022705,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Westenra,"Far too juvenile and one-note to recommend, but I can see the appeal through shock-value alone for teens growing up in the 90's. These days it's just, ""meh"". That said, I enjoyed myself enough to recommend it on sale.It was confusing the way the levels would switch between isometric and birds-eye view; why not just pick one during development and go with it? There were also many instances where enemies could shoot me but I could not shoot back, which is infuriating, helped in no small part by the static environments.Lastly, the game is far too short, which sucks because it ends right when it's starting to get interesting. I beat it in just over three hours, not counting the Rampage mode which is just an arcade version of the main campaign.For nostalgia rangers only."
,Not Recommended,401680,25792202,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Reapacide,not for me
,Not Recommended,401680,34382222,Posted: 20 August,all,Jefferso,absolute garbage
,Not Recommended,401680,23104336,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Adams,"A game which you have to look for enemies for YOURSELF, because your enemies are stupid fools, who stand in one place. This game is many times more boring than the original Postal. There very slow gameplay without sprint and some actions. And you just look what they did with NPC's models - damn tin soldiers on the original level backgrounds! Nothing new features for Postal in this redux. And where is the Postal Plus maps, where is the level editor - or what, I must wait for DLC buying? You're gotta be f*****g kidding.Better than Hatred? Better than original Postal? Just words and nothing more. 0,5 Hatred of 1. Better play to original Postal game from old times."
,Not Recommended,401680,29769597,Posted: 7 February,all,Last Caress,Another game I don't get the hype for. Maybe because I didn't play it originally? Walk around and shoot people. That's it. The best part of this game are the loading screens in between levels. Pass.
,Not Recommended,401680,23101123,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Mafiozo_ua,"Really? This is not a Redux, I bought and regretted that this version could be made in the form of free patch, or a measure to put a price lower. The game remains the same, thanks of course nostalgia, like a series of Postal, but buying it was a mistake."
,Not Recommended,401680,29492401,Posted: 25 January,all,Kryten 2X4B 523P,Takes 10 hours to load and the game is trash.
,Not Recommended,401680,23119780,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,William Shakesman,not as good as HatredEDIT: As featured in the One Angry Gamer review report of Postal Redux!http://www.oneangrygamer.net/2016/05/review-report-postal-redux-is-a-better-murder-simulator-than-hatred/2530/
,Recommended,401680,25195506,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Jack Baker,"its like the original Postal released in 1997, but improved with High-Definition graphics, Dude packs more trenchcoats (Postal 2 Black, Postal 3 Brown, Postal Plus Blue, Postal Classic Disc Red, ect.) new levels, a Colt Navy, and Rick Hunter as Postal Dude and Cory Cruise as the Doctor, also, new endings, and more stuff, nothing says it like ""....Postal......"" as a review. awesome game! new levels are on their way to! its not a bad price either. you should buy it. if you are a postal fan, you will not regret this! of course, as any Postal Dude, Cory Cruise, or Rick Hunter, I Regret Nothing. :D"
,Recommended,401680,24625812,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Rudesysop,"Postal Redux is a solid HD remake/revision of the original controversial title from 1997. With better aiming, graphics, sound, and the new ""Rampage"" mode, this is a must for any Postal fan. If you want to see what the original title was all about, but don't feel like fussing with older software; ""Redux"" is for you. Another solid HD port of a older, and indie PC title."
76561197967461684,Recommended,401680,24563889,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Atomic Wedgie™,"Postal Redux is really the way it was designed to play now with the updated controls and graphics. Must buy for fans of the original and a deserved redux for the game, it aged like fine wine. Highly recommended!"
76561198328440477,Recommended,401680,25734033,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Shmeebop,"Great Game , good balance of difficulty , just when you think the game gets too hard , you improve fast enough to get to the next level,  really enjoyed the co op mode !"
76561198173095498,Recommended,401680,26418671,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,red_rage_48,It really fun i have play this for hours i will recommend this game
,Recommended,401680,26315590,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,saltedwaffles,YES!It is a remake of POSTAL (1997) with great twin stick controls and some more levels. The level backgrounds look gorgeous in HD.I love it.
,Recommended,401680,26330980,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,RyoKaixa,"A great game and like all the review, its a big improvement over the og Postal, its not even very demanding for low-end pc as it runs smoothly (maybe theres some lag spikes but its not that common) however loading the game took like forever, i waited literally 5 mins just for a level to load. anyway, its a great game"
,Recommended,401680,26740090,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,BIGOL DOINKS,really good game i love it but if you fun a slow pc like mine it will take a long time to load other than that it is great. can RWS FIX THE LOAD times pease. thank you and can't wait ontell your next release.... i'll be first in line i hope. this game is worth the 9 bucks.
,Recommended,401680,26408441,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Corvis,An amazing remake of the original game. Tons of fun.
,Recommended,401680,27392054,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Bushmann,"This is a dark and gritty twinstick shooter about a man losing his mind and going on a genocidal rampage.The controls are easy to get the hang of in the first few levels, but if you're feeling nostalgic you can change back to the ""lovely"" tank controls of the first game.The gameplay is very smooth but challanging, the levels are getting more and more difficult with each location, respectively reflecting where they're set (trying to kill everyone in an army base will be way more difficult than shooting your neighbourhood grannies and grandpas at the local mart for instance). The later levels are getting pretty difficult, well, nearly suddenly but it is a ♥♥♥♥ing awesome feeling to conquer the difficulty of them and come out on top... as a genocidal nutjob who's so edgy you can even cut yourself just by looking at him.Overall, this game is a great experience for those who like some challange and don't get [TRIGGERED] by controversial topics and such."
76561198021837454,Recommended,401680,23743177,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,[DFS] DumbBeard,"I've never been so horrified... 666/10!This is easier to handle then the original postal. They redid all the graphics and transformed all that feedback ridden sound into what I can only describe as Audio Chocolate.It hasn't lost it's horror. The loading screens are still cryptic and scary, the sounds of the dying are still there, and even the strange sounds in the postal dude's head is there (at least I hope those sounds are in his head!)The only downside is that sometimes it can be stubborn to start up as of 6/23/2016. It does this annoying thing where it opens the window, plays the vanity plate, then stops responding. So you just close that out, start it again, don't touch anything, and it's good to go. They're very likely gonna patch that out soon.Give in to the voices in your head. The ones that say buy this game... not the other ones. You should really see a shrink about those."
76561197980372335,Recommended,401680,23494937,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Francis,A good remake that finaly let me get into the first postal game.
,Recommended,401680,23436100,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Sephiroth,"I picked up Redux two days ago since I own the original Postal, Postal 2, Postal 3, and Paradise Lost. Aside from P3, the series is awesome. This remake did capture the original gameplay fairly well and the new rampage mode is fun, though difficult to score high on. That's probably due to my lack of skill with isometric shooters since Postal was probably the last one I played!The graphics are goregeous, gameplay is smooth, and aside from the final level being completely different (ending too), the game was great. Being able to customize the controls is awesome, as I seem to recall installing the original Postal on Windows 7 had issues with controlling the dude. In fact, if you tried the original via GOG and were displeased, you REALLY should try this remake. It will leave you satisfied.Now, the downside. While I love the game, there are two issues I have with it. The first is that Windows randomly pops up a message about low memory while playing, and the second is that the sound doesn't always work. It shouldn't be my system as I exceed the minimum requirements and at idle have less than 20% of my memory used. In fact, I have a 2.8GHz dual-core i3, SB X-Fi Gamer with 64MB SRAM, and 4GB of system memory. The minimum is 4GB, but I would expect minimum to work, especially as I exceed everything else. The worst part was that when the ending video sequence took place all I heard was clicking or popping. It wasn't the original ending so I am not sure what I was seeing. Hopefully these issues will be fixed in future patches.Overall, I would reccomend the game to anybody. It was a blast playing it and the price is fair.*UPDATE*The game uses the Unreal Engine 4. 4GB is the minimum as this is a 64bit game engine. Placing this onto an i5-2500 with 16GB of RAM fixed everything. I even tried this on an older system of mine, a Pentium D 960 with 4GB of RAM and the game ran well enough to beat. To those complaining about long load times, get a system that was built in the last five years and you're golden. I did experience long load times on the Pentium D (Dell XPS400) system, but it has PCI-E 1.0 and the original SATA specification! SATA2 or 3 and the game loads in about fifteen seconds. Throw RAID0/5/10 under it and it would probably be better."
76561197960391482,Recommended,401680,28424086,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Madea Goes To Kaer Morhen,Get your aggressions out yall.
76561198229980852,Recommended,401680,28431695,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Russell,"I mean, it's awesome, but I had to request a refund. I got to play maybe 10 minutes of the game... most of the time I was sitting and waiting for the loading screen to go away so I could actually play the darn game. I ended up purchasing the original postal instead. But I do recommend this. Just know you might have the same issues"
76561198232672232,Recommended,401680,28213140,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,hrhnicholas,"Postal Redux is a damn fine game.It may not have as interesting of a story as Postal 2, but it's gameplay is the true selling point. This game is fun, really fun. I honestly think I enjoy the gameplay here more than Postal 2, which is saying A LOT. It just feels so good to mow down enemies however you want, but in more of an old school arcade style than Postal 2.This game is a perfect remake in terms of feeling like the original, but BETTER in gameplay. The art in this game is also phenomenal. Not a modern art masterpiece or anything, but it is very appealing, with the 3D models on point, looking very nice. The backgrounds and art between levels is also very visually impressive. The best way to play this game is with a keyboard and mouse, so if you have no controller, it's more than fine. The sound is also very interesting, as you can hear both screams, and Rick Hunter himself. Rick Hunter does a good job as the Postal Dude once again, and delivers good lines.The best thing about Postal Redux is that you can tell the developers care A LOT about the player. Not only is this game cheap, but its sheer fun makes it worth a lot more than most, if not all modern generic shooters. This game is pretty cheap, and for it's price, it's well worth it. And rather than adding new levels in some cheap DLC, they put them in a free update. Running with Scissors has had DLC before, but it felt very justified, with Paradise Lost being basically Postal 3.I haven't tried multiplayer for Postal Redux yet, but I'm sure it's fun. One issue hardcore fans of Postal 2 may find is that you HAVE to kill people. In the original Postal 2, killing was pretty much optional. While it is incredibly fun here, it may rub certain fans the wrong way.OVERALL: Postal Redux is a fun game that is simple, but still incredibly enjoyable. It's worth every penny it costs and then some. It delivers the definitive version of the severely overlooked Postal 1. If you haven't already, buy this game, and Postal 2 with the DLC. You won't regret it, these games are fun, and buying them gives Running with Scissors the funding TO MAKE A REAL POSTAL 3. Postal Redux is simply a blast. BUY IT NOW, IT'S ONLY 9 BUCKS!9/10"
,Recommended,401680,28226704,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,DeathMetalMarine,"One of the BEST remakes ever! It feels, plays and looks better than the original. I got it on sale, but it's definitely worth the  full price.10/10"
76561197971800011,Recommended,401680,27985222,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Paladinistic,"This game was quite a bit of fun back in the day, it still holds true today! Great remastering of one of the few games I felt guilty for loving!"
,Recommended,401680,32709371,Posted: 23 June,all,Rem & Katsura Fighting Firms Co.,Maybe Postal Dude should visit Japan more often!
76561198165477350,Recommended,401680,33483330,Posted: 12 July,all,ZOMBEAR's modern life,postal redux is a remake of the imfamous game game from 1997right off the bat the game runs ok with a laggy computer8.9/10- ZOMBEAR
,Recommended,401680,33526853,Posted: 13 July,all,Impulse™,"""Proudly made in the U.S.A baby!"" (Dark, Gorey, Gritty, and has some very good twisted dark humor)"
,Recommended,401680,33496082,Posted: 12 July,all,Frisk,"The classic game, Postal, redone in Unreal Engine 4. It's Postal with better visuals and better controls. Postal: Redux also includes the original levels, the expansion levels, and an all new level. It also adds a new weapon, the Revolver. A single shot, somewhat slow-firing bullet weapon that can kill individual enemies pretty quickly, and even against small group of enemies.The new modes are definitely welcome. They include Rampage, Co-op, and Deathmatch. However, I haven't had time at the moment to play them much, if at all, so I can't say much about them.Your victims' screams and moans don't seem to sound as agonizing and frequent as the original game, though, and I thought it's a bit of a letdown. I know it may be disturbing for me to say that, but it could have made the game more shocking.Also, sometimes the enemies feel a bit too much like bullet sponges.Still, I like this game. If you liked Postal 1 but are on the fence about this game, the inclusion of the expansion pack levels and the new modes may convince you to buy this."
,Recommended,401680,33504883,Posted: 13 July,all,BlyndHyro,"A splendid ride throughout! Nothing like a violent experience to calm the nerves after a day of dealing with dimwits.Also, Rocket Turrets too OP. Plz nerf.(Just kidding.)"
76561198044850748,Recommended,401680,33543487,Posted: 14 July,all,ndimario,"I never played the original but this game is fun for its game type. Gives me the vibe of Hatred but has good balance, making each level tough. Definitely worth the 1-1.50 when on sale."
,Recommended,401680,33568869,Posted: 15 July,all,ÃiÐen_,"""The earth is hungry. Its heart throbs and demands cleansing. The earth is also thirsty..."""
76561197997052230,Recommended,401680,33606399,Posted: 17 July,all,Jaim,"First, let's address the elephant in the room: Yes, the load time is long... INITIALLY. Go get a drink or snack, take a leak, whatever. After you play through whatever level you loaded, the next level loads *instantly*. So does the one after that and so on. That said, don't let such reviews detract from what follows.I played this game when it was first released and loved it. A couple of decades later I am no less impressed. I don't game enough to give a TL;DR about the mechanics and all that trash. This game is just unapologetic violent fun, pure and simple. There is no plot to it to distract from the fun factor: just ""go postal"", shoot everything that moves, and have FUN.It's been a while since I've had a game make me laugh out loud or ""whoa"", but this is that game. The time I accidentally detonated a Molotov cocktail too close, setting myself alight in the process, and then running into a crowd of innocent people, arms aflail all the while, is the kind of♥♥♥♥♥♥you excitedly tell friends and/or coworkers about as soon as you get the chance."
,Recommended,401680,31333496,Posted: 23 April,all,Gay And Proud Stop H8 Now!,"This was previously a ""Do Not Buy"" review based on the load times. But they must have fixed something because it loads up quickly and looks amazing. Thanks for fixing the game."
,Recommended,401680,23101469,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,scary coolock garda station,"not my kind of game, but could see why people enjoy it, prefer postal 2"
,Recommended,401680,32667479,Posted: 22 June,all,carldj90,great game got it on sale. some freezes occur but doesn't ruin gameplay.
,Recommended,401680,32676655,Posted: 23 June,all,General Robert E. Lee,wth its 1 ♥♥♥♥ing dollar you have no excuse not to buy
,Recommended,401680,32660481,Posted: 22 June,all,Live4Fun7369,☻
,Recommended,401680,32491257,Posted: 16 June,all,Chibisteru,F R E A K I N   A M A Z I N G
76561198075594850,Recommended,401680,33734216,Posted: 22 July,all,Business Fish,Plays well with a nice improvments to the visuals and controls.Edit: Full review here -http://puu.sh/tfZNs
,Recommended,401680,23107752,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,African Crocodile,"Potentially hand-drawn art is pleasing and 3D character models blend nicely in 2D backgrounds. Length is on the shorter side, but score-attack mode ""Rampage"" and multiplayer add some replayability. The price has been lowered since release as well."
76561198371883682,Recommended,401680,35032621,Posted: 17 September,all,justbezen9000,"Sometimes you've got to just play a game where the only point is to annihilate everyone insides your radius. POSTAL delivers on arcade shoot 'em up brutality with a decent selection of weapons to choose from and giving you multiple executions to pick from. The weapon choice is excellent but the explosives can leave some to be desired. The grenade can be useful but lacks control and is the only explosive device that could use some work. While I find POSTAL morbidly fun the more sensitive audience may want to skip the gory arcade glory. You get points to shoot everything including; army recruits, civilians, elderly, clowns, and many ostriches. POSTAL is a great time but the online presence is non-existent. Still a lot of fun single player. Can get challenging as armed forces presence is increased. Plenty of replay value for trying to hone your score. I'd recommend but some may not like the idea of being a dude in a trench coat leveling cities."
,Recommended,401680,34998476,Posted: 16 September,all,Ajdar Anık,"This is anamazingremake of an already amazing game. Playing with a mouse is no longer torture. Everything feels nice and fresh. Some of the screen filters (effects in game) are pretty good (there is even a reference to Hatred), AND THERE IS CO-OP.If you played the original and found it hard to control for some reason (git gud you f*cking scrub), you should definitely get this one. Or if you like Postal 2 and/or Hatred, you should get this as well."
,Recommended,401680,35008150,Posted: 16 September,all,MrLostCore,Great Game Nice Memes
,Recommended,401680,35009608,Posted: 16 September,all,Young,"It's a fun game but takes too much CPU 80, 90, 100 % and the sound keeps cutting.I recommend if you have a quad core CPU or something."
76561198039305661,Recommended,401680,35004375,Posted: 16 September,all,gunsaremagic,well its a little different compared to postal 2 not bad :D lol its just like hatred but without vehicles but it has coop and deathmatch and more
,Recommended,401680,35005870,Posted: 16 September,all,Marcuz,Only my gun understand meIt very fun shooterlove killinglove shootinglove killing innocent peoplelove using the weapons
,Recommended,401680,35027734,Posted: 17 September,all,Itty Bitty Tiddies,TheQuick + Revolver = Fastest shooter in the west
76561198078573931,Recommended,401680,35037245,Posted: 17 September,all,Gary Ridgway,Great remake of my favorite game in the series love the remix in the volume sliders for master volume where you hear shooting sirens one liners and people screaming
,Recommended,401680,35479815,Posted: 4 October,all,Chrono X,4
