user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,401710,32680935,Posted: 23 June,all,SlowWolf,"Flinthook is a platformer with roguelite elements that reminds me a lot of the rosy coloured arcades from a long time ago. From minute 1, the game's pixelated world screams of a time when you needed quarters to keep going, to try again. Gorgeous artwork and fun, action packed music help to push you onwards through one ship after another.Why chase through ships though? Is it loot? Story? a combination of the two? The narrative backbone exists, and it does try to create a cohesive experience. You're hunting down pirates all over the galaxy to rescue little ghosts that might or might not have something to do with Captain Flinthook, the pirate you play as. This loose, simple narrative doesn't get much deeper, but that's fine. The point of the game is not a narrative one; the goal is to have a mechanically sound game.Flinthook delivers on that promise well, combining tough platforming segments with satisfying combat. Along with jumping and shooting, you have access to a few other mechanics to help navigate the spaces you find yourself in. The titular flinthook itself is easily the most used, and very satisfying to master. Hooks abound on these space ships, and thanks to your flinthook it's an easy matter to throw yourself across a room with incredible speed. It's much harder to do so without taking damage, so practice is necessary; once mastered, the flinthook is essential for attack, defence, and maneuvering. Everything, really, and it's a good thing that the main mechanic is so fun and challenging to work with.You also have access to the chronobelt, an item that slows everything down to a crawl for a short time. At first, it was easy to ignore the chronobelt; you slow down as much as everything else, so why would you ever use it? This, it turns out, is a fatal mistake to make. The game constantly reminds you that the chronobelt is amazing, either through loading tips or even ingame characters remarking that ""I wish I had a chronobelt!"" Used properly, the chronobelt makes even the toughest rooms possible, since the slowed time allows for the precision needed to execute remarkably cool actions. Flinthooking through a spray of bullets, flipping over your opponent, and then blasting them to space dust is fun, and made possible through the combination of all of your abilities.Several other abilities can be acquired throughout the game, if you're lucky enough. Many of the ships you raid have red and white cards called ""perks"" scattered about. They aren't too rare; it's often you'll see them in shops, as rewards for completing a room, or by paying for them through certain rooms. Although not as transformative as items in other roguelites, these perks offer distinct advantages over the course of a run. Bouncing bullets? Extra shields on every ship? The ability to bounce on an enemy's head, Mario Style? Even a dodge roll. This is a small portion of the perks you can get.As you play, you get the ability to equip perks at the beginning of a run as well. This allows you to tailor your experience to the run, or to your playstyle, without completely upsetting the balance/feel of the game from the word go. Every Flinthook run will be the Flinthook experience; within that experience, perks will change how it feels.That said, the game's focus is mechanical. To a fault, really, since the game doesn't really look different or feel much different from the first 10 minutes to the next 10 hours. There's a gradual increase of power, as is necessary in a good roguelite, but it isn't as pronounced as it is in other games in the genre. It's subdued, even. It's as if the developers wanted a certain type of experience, and wanted to keep it that way. This prescriptive type of development is okay, and I am totally fine with it myself since I find the game fun to play from a mechanical perspective. I was happy the game would never be too easy. Unless I learned what the game had to teach me, the game would never have a moment where I would feel like ""this run is over already, let's just finish it"" that happens often in other roguelites. Even when I learned the patterns and learned to navigate the trickier corridors, that feeling hasn't happened once to me. This is a plus in my books, since that means the game will always be challenging and fun, regardless of my meta power level.The only time where it feels like the game drags on is on the final story based raid. As you're hunting down the final boss, you beat the old ones in a spaced out boss rush over the course of 12 ships. 12 ships is a lot of ships, and only 3 of those ships are bosses. the other 9 are regular raids; if it wasn't for the game's ability to pause a run and come back to it later, this final mission would be nearly impossibly long. And if you want an alternate ending, be prepared to go through this ordeal at least 2 times, once of which will be much harder since you'll be actively taking disadvantages throughout the whole mission.The end goal of Flinthook, however, isn't about the story or the narrative. It's not really about growing your collection of perks and story items either. The main aspect of the game is hunting for points. Every single mission has a leaderboard, where every high score a player has earned is archived. This, I think, is what sells Flinthook as a game to me, and as a love letter to the arcades of old. Passing by old game machines and seeing the top score-to-beat is exactly the same as in Flinthook. Losing is sometimes brutal, ending what might be well over 20 minutes of gameplay only to start again. But the thirst for points, for the rush of blasting, jumping, and hooking your way through pirate ships, this drives the game forward.But is Flinthook a good better game for that? Certain aspects of the game suffer. The brutality of losing a lot of mission progress can absolutely break the experience for some people. This happens often enough for one reason: the environment. The environment is hard to read to an untrained eye because of the subdued, unsaturated colour palette. Even after playing a decent amount, several of the traps are difficult to parse from the foreground and abckground, easily taking chunks of health from the unwary player. Other times, stacking difficulty modifiers, such as rumble room (pressure plate spikes) and tenderizer (additional spike strips) can be put together in lethal, sometimes unavoidable combinations. Careful players might avoid the majority of the issues there, since you can often choose which ship you go to based on the modifiers present.It's funny though. The rooms,  barring any major modifiers, are carefully crafted, sometimes down to the half second. I was working through a room with moving floors, spike balls, and thugs blasting down the lanes constantly. From the outset, it seemed impossible not to take damage. There was simply too much stuff to avoid. It's at that point something snapped into place, and I felt like I was seeing the code of the game. A properly timed jump and a judicious use of the chronobelt to dodge incoming projectiles in time was suddenly obvious. I beat the room flawlessly, and I felt like a king. A degree of observation and of self-responsibility was all that was needed. This alone convinced me the game was somewhat solvable, where good skill and game knowledge was rewarded far more than good luck.Flinthook is a brilliant game. The art, the actual process of playing, all of that is rewarding and worth my time. But then the question comes up; what about the perma death? what about the frustrating feeling of losing? That's far more subjective, but I found my time well used. I'm hooked on the game, and play it when I have spare time simply for the fun of blasting more pirates for points. If that's not arcade era game design, I don't know what is."
,Not Recommended,401710,32406030,Posted: 14 June,all,isak,"This is a really charming game with a great art direction, but the gameplay after the first four hours or so starts to move from challenging to frustrating. The invincibility frames from being hit feel like they're a single frame long, meaning that you'll hit a spike, bounce to another spike, get shot, get hit again, and you're suddenly down three-quarters of your health in about two seconds. The only way to avoid that is frame-perfect dodging using an awkward-at-times hook system. Backtracking is actively discouraged, since clearing a room's traps doesn't disable them - meaning you'll risk taking absurd amounts of damage if you make a single mistake in a room you've already been through.There's too many problems with progression and general gunplay that I can't recommend it, even though I love the style of the game. The card progression system means nothing - gameplay stays effectively the same. Incredibly rare gun upgrades and changes, like a triple-shot or a big-shot, can make the game a bit more interesting, but most of the time you'll just be grinding and getting more and more frustrated. The game's charm only lasts so long until the gameplay drags it back down."
76561198040030741,Recommended,401710,31429969,Posted: 28 April,all,horheristo,"OVERVIEW:A roguelite platformer with the concept of using your hook (aim controlled) to get around quickly past enemies, traps, or just around the room.You'll have to beat an X amount of ships (dungeons) based on the bounty (boss select) you choose when starting a new game.On your path you'll encounter a verity of patterned rooms filled with either a series of waves of enemies / trap rooms / mix of both, with increasing difficulty per ship and per bounty.THE GOOD:- Solid gameplay, as you can quickly get from one place to another, everything flows pretty quickly and smoothly.Combat is fast, most enemies die in a hit or a few, so you really get to enjoy the feel of using your acrobatics while progressing through the ship.There are ships modifiers called ""Variants"", which add all kinds of changes to your raid, be it more trap rooms, or more waves, harder enemies and so on... Keeping each experience even more different than the last randomly generated one.- The artwork is beautiful, everything works in harmony, and you really get the feeling of raiding a pirate ship along with the cool BGM.- Flinthook has lots of secrets, lots of perks (abilities / skills / modifiers) to mess around with, allowing to create all kinds of playstyles.THE BAD:This game has flaws, like any other. I'll list down the most offensive ones:-Traps blend VERY well into the background. I personally got used to it, but I gotta list it under ""THE BAD"", since it's clearly a bad design when the majority of your playerbase is complaining about it. Could be easily resolved if they just darkened the background a bit.-Cannot skip animations and cutscenes. While at first this would sound like nit-picking, I can guarantee you that whenever you play a Roguelite, regardless of how cool looking the artwork is - once you've seen it enough times, you wouldn't wanna watch it again... and again... and again... entirely.... I probably got like at least over 2 hours clocked in of just idling at animations and cutscenes.THE UGLY:Welcome to grindhalla!!Beaten the game and wanna complete your collection? well that's right! you guessed it! GRIND!!!Need more Tokens? grind.Missing Relics? grind.Missing Lore? yep, you guessed it.For a Roguelite, this game's replay value is rather low, as by the time you've beaten the third bounty - you've probably seen all / most enemies, room patterns and so on.So all that's left for extra action is Infinite mode, which isn't bad really, but it's NOT rewarding!!You'd imagine having some incentive for beating one ship after another endlessly, but this mode just get progressively harder by lowering your max hp per ship, and increasing difficulty as well (which also resets after every number of ships, sigh), but the worst part is that your rewards remain the SAME!In addition, while appreciated - there is also hardcore mode included, which sadly only lowers your max hp and increases the ships difficulty by a level or two, so yeah... it was a last minute decision from my understanding, and wouldn't have made a difference if it wasn't included at all.So basically there's no real incentive to keep replaying the game's content once you've achieved your main story goals, other than grinding for achievements.-------------------------------------------------------------Overall, I'd give this game a generous 7/10, since it does some things right, and does them well! But at the same time it just doesn't have a staying power which a solid Roguelite must have. A beat-and-forget kind of game.I could see so much more done with this game, but it is what it is, and this is my final verdict."
,Not Recommended,401710,31230756,Posted: 18 April,all,Lord,"I suppose this is not my kind of game.I would describe it has a rogue-lite platformer with a hook and a slowmotion gimmickRoguelike elemets areRandomly generated levelsPseudo perma deathI will explain the gameplay loop of the game1- Equip perk cards2- Pick a bounty3-Choose ship to raid4-Hook Shoot and Loot The Ship5-Finish ship raid6- Repeat the number of times the bounty ask you to raid ships7-Go to the bounty fight8- Go to the black market9- Buy permanet upgrades10- Unpack Perk cardsNow let me say my problem with some parts of the loop""1""Most of the cards arent that good, they just give you microscopic bonuses (nothing game changing) they could be removed from the game and it would have barely any impact on the way you play the game.""4""-HookIt works well, but haves some problems, for example there are enemy's that cant be killed if you dont pop a bubble they have with your hook, this enemy's sometimes overlap with a hooking ring, and you get pulled towards the ring the enemy bubble does not pop and you get unfairly hit, in fact using the hook close to any damage source it really tricky, since the hook gives you some momentum upon using it, and you some times will get hit, this problems could be solved making it so if you leave the trigger pressed you stay on the hook ring.-ShootIf you use a controller you shoot with the same stick that you move, by the other hand with mouse you aim with the mouse and move with the keyboard. You get a skill to stand still and aim, but still they could had used the second stick to aim.-LootMost of the loot you get on the ships is really worthless, you get-Temporal Perk Cards (You loose they effect once you die, or you finish the bounty)-Coins (you can buy things into the current bounty, once you finish the bounty i think they get turned into XP)-Black Market tokens(This is the most valuable loot with it you buy permanent upgrades and you get arround 20 if you finish the bounty if you dont finish the bounty you will get the number of ships you raided)-Relics (Just pixelart)-Lore pages(Text documents)Out of them the only one that feels usefull on the long run are the black market tokens, which makes the game for me feel like a grind to get them, because a player with all the permanent upgrades will have an inmense advantage against a player without them.""5""You loose arround 34 seconds without counting loading times, of animations to switch level. this animations could be skippable and i would have no problem""7""  (Kill the boss)I have beaten two of the as it looks 4 bosses of the game (I think there is a hardcore version of them but you need to buy it in the black market for 20 tokens, wich is a ton of them)Both bosses have been boring and uninterestingHere is the loop of both bosses-Remove bubble-Attack weak point while being attacked-Dodge Attacks and wait while the bubble spawns againRepeatIt test more your patience that your mechanical skillAlso when you kill the boss any projectile that was on the arena, stays there and keeps moving, i killed the first boss and i ended up with 10 hp wich is ecual to 1 hit, a bullet that was slowly moving hit me, and i died, loss the tokens that the boss would had gave me, and get greeted by the sad face of my character. NOTE: THIS NO LONGER HAPPENS AFTER A PATCH TO THE GAME""10""The reward is worthless so, i have no hype about unpacking the reward.My biggest problem with the game is that, it does not do anything extremely good, well just the pixelart wich is top notch.If i want a roguelike in that my decisions matter i play isaac.If i want a platformer roguelike i play spelunky.If i want a game about grinding i play payday 2.Buy it finish the first bounty and decide to  keep repeating or not, thats what i recomend"
,Not Recommended,401710,31956743,Posted: 25 May,all,Sally 4th,"This game is visually charming with great chiptune music. However, while the visuals are pleasant, the screen is so visually busy that it's hard to keep track of where things are in the room. The room hazards tend to blend in to the background. This means you have to stop and take a moment to take in the whole room. Which would be fine, if the gameplay complimented such a measured approach. But zipping around with your hookshot is so fast and energetic that it implies that the player is supposed to take the opposite approach. The level design and the gameplay are at odds with each other.Additionally, this game's idea of increasing the difficulty is to cram as many enemies and environmental hazards into the area as possible. And the difficulty spike after the first segment is absurd.The aforementioned enemies also have unpredictable ways of interacting with the environment. For some reason, enemies can pass right through barriers that your character bounces off of. I only found this out after playing the game for two hours, even though the barriers have been there since the begining. Similarly, it's really unclear which part of the floor can be shot through. I've often found what I thought was a safe spot to avoid getting hit by enemy fire, only to get shot by a bullet passing through floors, and then being unable to return fire because my bullets couldn't pass through the same floor.The hook mechanic is unique and easy to learn. I still like the novelty of it, but I don't think the game uses the mechanic to its full potential. I would have enjoyed this game more with less combat and more navigating areas using the hook.You might be more forgiving of the game's faults if you're into games like Sonic the Hedgehog, which has a similar contrast of fast movement and measured platforming. This might be true if you're a retro gamer, in general. This game is styled after retro platformers from Nintendo and Sega, and it comes with many of the benefits and problems those games had. For me, this game didn't do enough to improve the formula. It's a retro game, warts and all."
,Not Recommended,401710,31695101,Posted: 11 May,all,Gravy,"Another one of those titles where I wish there was a 'meh' rating. The game is fun, but there are a lot of moments that feel like cheap/unwarranted damage. The biggest source of these is hazards in the levels. I've probably taken 5X as much damage from random hazards as from enemies and bosses. This wouldn't be a huge deal if the hazards weren't constantly in every room, and they didn't blend in to the background so much. This is especially evident for floor traps which sometimes blend in so well you wouldn't notice them.Next up you have some enemy issues, particularly related to bubble shields, enemies don't take damage before the shield appears around them even if you're 'hitting' them so you take extra damage there. There are also some enemies which are just annoying which you can't kill. They simply add to the hazards. Sometimes the hook isn't as accurate as you would like either, which is understandable since it's trying to be smart, but it doesn't feel smart enough unfortunately.Perks in this game are also really boring, most of them are simply more subweapons, more health, more critical strikes, cheaper prices, etc. Very few of them truly modify how you play the game, and the items you can purchase outside of the runs that carry over also fall into this category. You're never going to get crazy runs like you would in Isaac, which means that most runs feel pretty samey to me (similar issues if you read my Gungeon review). You only have one weapon and 4 subweapons (as far as I am aware) which doesn't provide much variety in how you play the game.Overall the art is great, the soundtrack is excellent, but the gameplay just feels a bit lacking to me. I don't mind losing, but a lot of runs have felt like much of the damage I take is cheap. I can handle it when I screw up, but when it feels like the game is screwing me that makes things a lot less enjoyable."
,Recommended,401710,31306692,Posted: 22 April,all,Ryan Dorkoski,"Flinthookis well done, but in an overcrowded genre - it's kind of forgettable.This title does make good use of several well-established mechanics and has a high level of polish with artwork and music. With that being said, it would be a weak argument to say it brings anything new to the table. The level up system is grindy and gives me odd feelings of idle clicker games. I'll explain more on that in a bit.Essentially, this is a twitch-style platformer with procedural generated levels.No, it is not a roguelike. I wouldn't even call it a roguelite, to be honest (proc gen levels aren't enough - and you are rewarded with being able to keep loot upon death).It's not all that difficult.Actually, in one sense it's quite easy because you don't have to even complete levels to gain experience or get more buff permanently.That system is grindy and feels like an idle clicker. It's grindy for the sake of being grindy. You get rewarded regardless of how you fair (yeah, amount of reward changes, but still). I also get feelings ofSuper Crate Boxbecause it is quite common to enter a room and then fight a few waves of enemies. Success is in getting to know the enemy patterns.Another review stated something to the effect that deaths are not enlightening like in titles such asSpelunky- instead they are a result of a series of minor reflex errors. You get ground down slowly. Yeah, that's true.Pros:+Even after what I said above - it is fun. I will grind away at this slowly, I am sure.+Music is top-notch+Pixel art is really well done BUT I do have a hard time noticing the traps and where the background begins and foreground end (I am horribly colorblind, so maybe that's part of it?). Also I frequently overlook door handles. I think they should be a different color.+Game loops are short for quick play sessions.+Controls feel tight and it's fun to zip around.+I like the RPG-leveling up elements and character building.Cons:-Why do enemy bullets not hurt other enemies? Odd design decision that leaves out potential strategy.-Enemies in bubbles are annoying because your hook auto-grabs onto any number of the other background hooks (and there are a lot of them - just look at nearly any screen shot).-Colors/artwork make distinguishing between things difficult at times.-Grindy in a idle clicker kind of way (maybe I'm not explaining this correctly, but yeah). Another way to think of this is the upgrades - awesome! Now you are more powerful... But so are the enemies. It scales 1:1 almost, which can just artificially inflate game length. Or at least that's how it feels in clicker games, and here too.This title will likely be forgotten.It doesn't do enough new to merit really existing - BUT I still recommend in the sense that it is a fun game, and if you are on the fence - go for it."
,Recommended,401710,31227022,Posted: 18 April,all,Regulith,"At the time of this edit I've just beaten the final boss for the first time, so I'm adding a bit to my original review. My opinion is pretty much unchanged: This game is going to go down as one of my favorite roguelites, and I'll likely be trying to get 100% on it.Everything from the music to the spritework to the soft color palette is superb. I originally disliked the controls on controller, but after some experience I've come to understand why it was done the way it was. Most people seem to share my original sentiment, many of them opting to use keyboard and mouse instead because it allows for independent movement and aim, but I think it's because we just didn't get it. Everyone switches to KB&M in the first hour or two and goes ""wow, this is so much better!"" because it seems that way when you don't know what you're doing, it's more familiar. The game is heavily structured around the Chronobelt -- a device that slows time for a short period, for the uninitiated -- and I've seen so many people, including myself, completely ignore it. It feels like a last resort, like a Blank in Enter the Gungeon, but there are numerous loading screen tips and posts by the developers urging you to USE IT. It's very important to the core of the game, that's why it recharges so quickly! You're intended to leap towards an enemy, slow time, aim and launch a volley of shots, and then hook or dive away as the effect ends. But anyway, I digress! Let's get on to the good stuff.This is where things get more in-depth, so if you want to go in blind, look away now! The game goes a bit like this: Before setting out on your journey, you pick a set of perks -- things like a health boost or longer hook range or faster movement speed -- each of which is allocated by your ""perk points."" You can get new perks as rewards from playing the game and ranking up, and expand your maximum perk points at the Black Market. The Black Market gives the game a progression system of sorts, similar to Rogue Legacy, where you can upgrade your ghost-headed fella so he has a chance of lasting a little longer than last time. After choosing which bad guy you're going to take down, each of which increases in number of ""levels"" and difficulty, you're given a list of ships to raid. Each ship has a difficulty level and modifiers that tell you what types of things you'll find on the level: Nice things like libraries, which let you piece together the lore of the universe, or warnings of stronger enemies. The goal is to go from room to room to find your way through the level, collecting gold and spending it on temporary perks or healing items along the way, defeat the miniboss (which often just takes the form of a harder room of enemies), take what is basically a piece of a boss key, and fly to the next ship to repeat the process until you've located the big bad guy.Your equipment includes your ""blasma"" pistol, which can fire in any direction and has a somewhat limited range; your quickhook, which is similar in use but allows you to hook onto stationary rings scattered about every room for quick movement and evasion; your time belt, which lets you slow down time for a few precious seconds; and various subweapons, unlockable one-use items like throwable bombs and a trio of spinning skulls that help take out enemies when you're in a pinch.Unfortunately, there are a few problems with the game. I don't exactly consider the control scheme to be an issue, more of an uncommon design choice that works once you get a handle on it. Occasionally enemies will be surrounded in a bubble that requires the quickhook to pop, but from my experience there's a very strange threshold where the hook decides it's going to latch onto a nearby ring instead, pulling you into the enemy and causing you to take damage. Cutscenes are completely unskippable. I've pushed every button on my controller and none of them do anything, not even bring up a menu, so every time I beat Baron Von Guu I have to sit through the introduction of the final boss. There also seems to be somewhat of a lack of animation quality towards the end. Several animations don't quite line up during certain parts of the final area, and some are reused. I know expecting unique animations for everything is asking a lot, but it kind of detracts from the experience of the final boss.That being said, definitely give Flinthook a chance. The positives FAR outweigh the negatives, and I don't think you'll be disappointed."
76561197992216829,Not Recommended,401710,32317509,Posted: 10 June,all,Gouda quiche,"It seems fine the first hours, but the game really lacks something. Some game design decisions seem questionnable to me.* You have to spam your belt power to dodge, but there is nothing to eventually feel proud of. Your only satisfaction is to get a big combo number (which means you killed a lot and did not get hit). It does not make a big difference in the end since it's not rewarding.* Since youve have to farm the levels to become stronger, you will have to come back at their beginning. The map usually pops when it's too late, when it pops. Traps make you wait forever when the game could be fast with your grapplin hook. At least fast when the boss is dead.* The traps are lame and uninspired : you have to wait the boring timing or take ridiculous risks.* Secondar weapons are meh. They have no secondary purpose. I did not find any secret passage even if a npc told me they existed. I know i could use a bomb to open it but i cant find the skull indicator anymore. What are the odds ? Why did they spent time to make create different weapons that have such the same output ?* NPC could be absent, that would not change anything. Let me fight them, or have secret interactions or anything. Why are they so many since they all do the same nothing ?* Devil deals are always the same : give health to get more xp. That means you will die earlier to make your future runs better ?  So epic.* Arenas are ok in ie Guacamelee because attacks/commands feel satisfying : the gameplay is fun. When your special thing is a belt that slows down time to dodge, it's not fun.* I want to skip the starting/ending animation of a level.Imho the developers did not play their game, because it's not fun the way it is."
,Recommended,401710,31231477,Posted: 18 April,all,PKBronson,"Most roguelikes, even the great ones, seem to put a priority on exploration, items and mystery over a solid gameplay foundation. But Flinthook has all of that, plus fantastic presentation AND excellent traversal. It feels fun just to *move around in the levels* with the grappling hook, much less weaving between enemies and bullets and lasers and traps and laser traps.The progression system doles out plenty of upgrades in the early going, and you rarely feel like your run was totally for nothing. There are definitely heavy consequences for death, but Flinthook doesn't go out of its way to suck your lifeforce away with every big loss.I'd definitely recommend this for fans of roguelikes and great platformers."
,Not Recommended,401710,31438875,Posted: 29 April,all,Mystic,"It's very attractive in terms of visual and sound, but gameplay is totaly flat. Every game session is almost the same as any other.There is no space for different play styles, you do exactly same things all the way.Also, most of the time you see the same environment. You beat a boss once — you'll never see him again, you'll never come back to that type of levels. It has no relplayability.Upgrades are boring, and they do not affect the way you will play the game.Also there are pernament upgrades that drop your skill value. You just grind to progress further.There is nothing to encourage you come back after a few hours of play."
76561198010198617,Not Recommended,401710,31731206,Posted: 13 May,all,Hippiecab,"The graphics and aesthetics are really pretty and appealing. The music is very good and upbeat. The gameplay is very repetitive. The enemies, environments, items, abilites and perks are very lacking. With procedural generation the most important thing is to give the player as much variety as possible with the gameplay. Every run is the same slog with nothing new or different. This game gets boring really fast.The first 10 seconds of the trailer is basically the whole game in a nutshell. It is not a taste of the things to come. It is the whole meal."
76561198062787760,Not Recommended,401710,31305845,Posted: 22 April,all,arctic14,"This game is so damn juicy, I am trying really hard to like it.  The developers really know what they're doing; the roguelite loop has been extremely well crafted.  There is such a good game in here.Unfortunately, if you're playing w/ a controller, there's a fundamental control scheme flaw that completely hamstrings the design.  I can't recommend it unless you play mouse + keyboard.  Too frustrating.See, the conceit of the game is that you're constantly moving around swinging on these hooks -- its really fun and good.  But it also means your character is spending the majority of his time airborne.  With mouse + keyboard your gun's aim is independent from your character's movement, but on controller the devs have decided to use the main thumbstick for aiming AND movement.  This means that if youre aiming at an enemy while airborne... you're also falling straight into him.  And yeah, you don't wanna run into enemies.  The fact that the initial range of your gun is very short exacerbates this issue since you need to be pretty close to them.I think the control scheme can be fixed by moving AIM to RIGHT THUMBSTICK.  HOOK goes to LEFT TRIGGER and SHOOT goes to RIGHT TRIGGER.  This leaves SLOW TIME unbound.  I think it would be best turned into a toggle effect and moved to the LEFT THUMBSTICK BUTTON (you know, when you press the stick in).My other minor gripes are 1) that backgrounds, enemies, and bullets don't have sufficient color saturation differences; it can be hard to pick out important elements during a hectic firefight. And 2) missing or insufficient aim assist for controller.I hope these things get addressed.  I am sure it wouldn't be a big effort.  Even if it doesn't replace the default I would love it to be added as an alternative control scheme."
76561197974412104,Recommended,401710,32780302,Posted: 25 June,all,Waffledog,"Great rouge-lite platformer - fantastic animation, character design and music. It gets tricky real fast halfway thru - rememeber your time belt!"
,Recommended,401710,33877069,Posted: 29 July,all,Albuquerque Fistfuck,"A roguelite platformer based around a grappling hook and time control. You raid a series of randomly generated space-pirate ships to collect Ghost Gems, which reveal the position of the boss pirate's ship. Unlike a traditional roguelike, you don't play through the entire game in a single sitting. Each raid is played individually, they're essentially levels. Once you complete one, you can move on to the next, or replay any which you've already completed. Dying during a raid does not reset your entire progress, it simply brings you back to the raid screen, where you can choose to attempt the same raid again, or try a different one.There's a a level up system which gives you currency to purchase perks. Depending on your level you can take more perks with you. Some perks take more perk slots though, for example, the ability to have 10 more health costs less than the ability to shoot three bullets at a time.It's pretty difficult game, but it feels like it's not supposed to be difficult. The difficulty comes from moving, shooting, dodging and hooking all at the same time. There's a button dedicated to slowing down time to help you concentrate, but I find myself constantly forgetting to use it.It's a very polished game. The only thing I really feel is ""unfair"" are the spike trap floors, sometimes they can be obstructed by other objects.I want to thank Tribute for listening to feedback and implementing the Dual Stick control scheme. Although they have recieved a lot of hate for it, it's quite literally the best they, or anyone else could do. Thank you, Tribute.I hope that if they make a Flinthook sequel, the grappling hook is used to swing instead of pull. Perhaps add the ability to pull enemies or objects towards yourself? Just a suggestion."
76561198361103888,Not Recommended,401710,31931837,Posted: 24 May,all,Creamery of the Century,"Had it not been a rogue-like, it could have been great. As it is there are far too many sudden difficulty spikes out of nowhere. The early level 1-4 ships are fun. Decent challenge. Anything above level 5 is unreasonable. Turrets, never-ending enemy waves, hard to spot spikes and traps,... i gave up when i ran into a room i stood in for five minutes not being able to figure out how i'm even supposed to escape from it.So much of Flinthook's gameplay relies on random chance it becomes a rollercoaster of too easy and teeth-grindingly hard. You'll go through two ships not posing any problem to you and then a sinlge room on a level 6 ship will ruin your life in seconds. Mainly due to the fact that there are hardly any invincibility frames after getting hit. You can get juggled into oblivion faster than you can blink. (I know there is a perk that gives you invincibility for a short moment, but hang on i got something to say about perks in general.)There is the option to grind. You get experience points for each run that unlock new perks. Which perks is random though. You will get a ton of perks that let you get more XP and more money. Basically, you're grinding for the sake of grinding. Aside from XP there are also green dubloons which you get after each successully completed ship. Those can be used to buy for example permanent health upgrades. Sounds like room for customization? Well get ready to be disappointed. Most perks are utterly useless. There is not even a raw damage upgrade. The best in upping damage you can get is increasing crit chances. Hello again RNG. And to top it all off you can only equip a very limited amount of perks at once. Not nearly enough to have a halfway useful build. Grinding should give you the option to make yoruself OP. The point of grinding is to invest time into becoming an unstoppable force of destruction. If the grinding doesn't make you stronger why bother doing it? Why bother putting it in your game for that matter?Treasure & challenge rooms are worthless as well. 9 out of 10 times you only get more XP and money. The risk does not justify the reward. Overall you're best off rushing to the end of every ship and never backtracking since you'll only get hit in the process.On a final note, stay the fudge away from ships with ""Distortion"". The visual effects will give you a migraine and/or make you barf. Pray the devs patch that, it's unconscionable to put crap like this in your game.Despite all of this nonesense, had Flinthook been a short, roughly 5 hour game, it would have been fine. The nature of the rogoue-like randomness and therefore artificially increased length makes it tedious and frustrating. Flinthook will remain unfinished in my library since at this point i'd rather move on to a more pleasant gaming experience."
,Not Recommended,401710,31590982,Posted: 6 May,all,Drewcake~,"the game is cute as heck, i really love the artstyle and the intro is pretty good!hyped me up for the game well proper with that,but the game fell..pretty short on my expectations later on, having beaten a few of the captains,it became a chore to ""survival"" myself in the repetetive ship layouts, every thing felt really high risk, no reward?the treasure rooms feel unrewarding gifting only 20 hp (at most) and a bit of money, with the rare chance of a mod to work with, ussually being rather pointless.WHICH BRINGS ME TO THE MODS, the things they do is just really meager?? I didnt feel like any of it assisted me in surviving the levels anymore than i could do without them, unless i just kept getting crappy mods.the levels, although they change with the captain you're going for they're going to be all the same while you go for the ghost crystals, with random layouts ofcourse, but all of it just looks the same to me.except when its a trap room.because ♥♥♥♥ the trap rooms, ussually i dont mind a room that puts me in a hazardous situation, but this game man, the traps are sometimes very unnoticable, the spike trap on the floor voor instance is something youll completely forget about or not even see untill you stand on it for the split second you have to jump it, before shaving off some health.traps are just too hard to see sometimes.i hate the fact I had to reset collecting all the ghost gems everytime I died, it made the repetetive levels worse than they would have been, sometimes youll just die due to something stupid like getting stuck in a room with a cluster♥♥♥♥ of objects flying around, making it impossible to get out without taking damage, sometimes ending a run.It made me want to stop at the last captain, which requires ""12"" ghost gems.i barely managed doing 5.I do not recommend the game to my friends as it is, I really wanted to like the game! but it just feels broken, or unpolished, it doesnt know what it wants to be."
,Not Recommended,401710,34453729,Posted: 23 August,all,LVNTUNES,"I wanted to like this game. I REALLY did. The concept is fun, the game looks beautiful, and as a fan of roguelikes, it's an interesting breath of fresh air. However, this game is EXTREMELY flawed, and here's why: The Controls.The first thing you'll notice upon starting this game is the controls. Put simply, they suck. They suck so hard that even though there are three different control schemes to play with, all three of them suck almost equally. Every control scheme has inputs that are left unused for seemingly no reason whatsoever. So let's go over each control scheme.- Mouse and Keyboard:This game's mouse and keyboard controls are the first control scheme that I could ever consider nauseating. Rather than giving you a cursor which you can use to aim wherever you want on screen, your cursor is confined to the same small 360-degree radius around you that the gamepad controls have. This makes it so aiming at a single spot as you move around the room is nearly impossible, therefore causing playing of the game with mouse and keyboard to be nearly impossible as well.- Default Gamepad SetupThe default control scheme for gamepads is almost harmless. You have your standard ""A to jump, X to shoot"" situation going on, and running around the rooms this way is pretty innocent. But then you try to aim your shot with the right stick and discover that, *GASP,* NOTHING HAPPENS. I went into this game thinking that the gamepad controls would be a twinstick shooter, similar to Enter the Gungeon. However, the right stick does absolutely nothing. Instead, you always aim in the direction which you point the LEFT stick in, which also happens to be the direction that you move. This makes it so kiting enemies (running away and shooting them as they chase you) is literally impossible. It also makes it so in order to shoot an enemy below you, you have to fast fall toward them rather than jumping over them and moving while still moving forward. And that isn't even the worst of it.(I should also mention that the left bumper is apparently assigned to ""aim lock"" but having tried to use that I discovered that is does absolutely nothing.)- Pro Gamepad SetupThe ""Pro"" control scheme for gamepads fixes a lot of what the default does wrong. it lets you aim with the right stick, and allows for tighter combat. HOWEVER, the B, X, and Y buttons are completely removed, and your jump button is moved to your right bumper. You know, the button right above the right trigger. The right trigger than controls your grapple hook. Because of this, playing with ""Pro"" controls is extremely uncomfortable and leads to really bad cramps after a while. In addition to that, you fire whenever you aim with the right stick, which is something that I personally hate.- Custom Control SetupThe custom control setup is definitely the worst of all of them. Wanna know why? BECAUSE IT DOESN'T EVEN EXIST, THAT'S WHY. Every issue that I have with this game's controls could be EASILY solved if I could just customize them to my liking, but the game doesn't let you. You're free to look at the controls, just in case you want to remind yourself of how bad they are without actually putting yourself through the frustrating experience of playing the game.TL;DR - The controls are garbage and you can't customize them; as a result the game is frustrating and really hard to enjoy.Edit: If you have a Steam Controller, or if you see no problem with the controls I described, then you'll probably love this game. It's really fun to just bounce around a room with your grappling hook."
,Recommended,401710,31267866,Posted: 20 April,all,BarikTheRed,"This game is a ♥♥♥♥ing masterpiece. I love the music, art, and game design. The only thing I'm not a fan of is how hard it is to see those goddamn spikes. 9/10"
,Not Recommended,401710,31754719,Posted: 14 May,all,Raven,"First 10-15 hours were great. Really great.-Great controls with keyboard, hookshot and shooting worked perfect.-Alright soundtrack, nothing special but it didnt bug me.-Lots to explore and try out, the rooms, the bosses, the different builds, the ship variants, etc.-Solid gameplay, no bugs (ive found at least) and the enemies were alright (but got boring quickly)-Lots of collectibles and different drops so you didnt only get coins and thats it.-The dev listens (which is more than you can say about most games)But then the endgame, ooooh man the endgame is dissapointing.-The learningcurve is bad. Really bad. After you got used to the controls and get an okay build going you can just get through almost every ship without getting hit (except for traps you dont realise are there, or when monsters spawn with a bubble and you didnt see it coming) making the game really boring.-It loses its explorability. With that i mean you already know which build you like so you stop switching between those, and after a while you know most of the rooms and which enemies spawn where making the rooms even easier than they were. There are also only a few different types of enemies so after youve seen them that many times they also get boring.-Most of the achievements are pretty boring like score ... ammount (which just means grabbing every coin you see) or speedrun in ... min (which is pretty straight forward.-Two of the achievements are to collect relics and lore (basically collectables), sure, sounds good right? yeah no. You can get duplicates and some of the relics are very rare so to get that very last relic you need to spend _hours_ on it (i havent gotten the last one yet and ive been trying since i had 24 hours in game). There are also no options i know of the make the droprate higher on the ones you dont have yetTL;DR meh game, fun at start but gets bland quickly. Grab it when its on sale."
76561198094896490,Not Recommended,401710,33526970,Posted: 13 July,all,burlapbee,"Flinthook is a cartoony, bouncy, and lively rogue-light platformer that follows in the footsteps of others like Rogue Legacy and Spelunky. As the pirate Flinthook you raid other pirate ships for gold, challenge  and treasure.The first thing that strikes the player is simply how animated everything is. The bright bold colors and elastic characters stands out as soon as you load up the game- a lot of heart and hard work went into the animation and design process. Flinthook and characters have lots of fluid movements and the background has lots of tiny details like flapping flags, spinning gauges, and twinkling stars. The playful chip tune music fits right in with the style and further enhances the just the fun factor at looking the game. Its wonderful! Sometimes game play elements do blend into the background. This is because the artist(s) use the same roughly the same hues for the characters as the background- leading to poor distinction between the two elements. For example, static spiked ball hazards look and are colored much the same way as background items, leading players to run into them unintentionally.Gameplay is where things take a slump, though. Right off the bat, you're given a lot of things to do- jump, use a grappling hook, shoot, use subweapons, fast fall, slow time, hold still and aim, wall jump, wall slide, pick perks, buy items... its a front loaded game for sure. While it can take a bit to orient, it all flows together. Thankfully the controls are tight and well done.The first few stages feel great- lots of swinging, enemies, hazards to avoid, and so on.  But it all gets old pretty quick. All stages in an area use the same tile set, and the stage challenge style doesn't change much as you progress. Nothing new really shows up. All that changes is how many of these rooms a player can do in a row.For a procedurally generated game, the content feels thin- there are few upgrades and even fewer enemy types. The rooms the stage is constructed of all feel “samey” after a while. Most rooms are small with a few hooks hazards, and platforms sprinkled about and, well, that's it. It's easy to feel deja vu as you plunder space ships and wonder, “Haven't I done this before?”. With the main draw of procedurally generate game is “freshness” over repeated plays, Flinthook gets stale quick.The use of “failing forward” is foundational to the game. In other words, The more you fail, the stronger you get. And not through realizing what the game is about or sharpening your reactions on certain challenges, but through rewards the game gives you. It doesn't matter if you finish a challenge, you still get all the rewards you collect. This is a polarizing game idea because most of us don't want to fail X number of times before we're “strong” enough in order to pass a game play wall. With the marathon-like milieu of the game, failing forward is a must in order to meet the challenges presented and can grate on players.In hand with failing forward, the game also makes use of false difficulty to pad out time thru its “marathon” style of game play. In order to face the level's boss, the player must beat three or more stages in a row without dieing. For example, if you die at the boss, and with each stage taking three to four minutes to complete, you're looking at a nine to twelve minimum  minute “wait” just to pick up where you left off. That's ridiculous. I think the company ran out of funds and had to think of ways to stretch the game time, because there is no excuse for that. However, Tribute Games did make Mercenary Kings- a game knee deep in repetitive grinding and slogging game play. So perhaps one of the head devs has a love affair with grinding. I don't know.There is also the note of slowing time. It just seems like such an odd ability to have all the time.  Besides to clear exactly one obstacle type (a laser beam bouncy wall) and to defeat exactly one enemy type (a rare dog-like alien with a rotating mace that blocks bullets) it has few other uses. With how much emphasis the game puts on grappling, jumping and shooting, the slow-down ability just seems tacked on.Finally, there is character. With all the lovely animation, music, sounds, and so forth Flinthook stumbles in character department. This may have been a point worth passing, but Flinthook's developers try to breath life into this fluid and animated world by (wait for it) having a “lore” section. A section to read what the world is about. This is perhaps the worse way to expand a game's narrative and is rarely executed correctly. Video games show- not tell. Its one of the fundamental ways that video games engage with its consumer. If, as a developer, you can't show the player the who, what, where, when, how, and why of the world and its inhabitants through play, than it may not be worth including. Players shouldn't have to select an option on a menu to discover what this world is all about. And its not like the developer doesn't know how to do it- showing us character and narrative happens right in the intro stage but is dropped right afterward. Much like the slowdown mechanic, the “lore” feels stuck on with a glob of chewed bubble gum.Flinthook has many facets that I like, but I couldn’t like the game as whole. While I did not personally enjoy the game, I can see that some people may get a few hours out of it. If you enjoyed games like Rogue Legacy and Spelunky, Flinthook may be a game to pick up on sale if nothing is floating your boat at the second. However, I felt both of previously mentioned games do have more polish and lasting value. Players who desire to get into the procedurally generated style or platformers want to pass on Flinthook as your first game into the genre, as its under the curve compared to other games. Steam and other platforms offer a wealth games in both those styles that really hit home.As a complete aside, I believe the gameplay mechanics/controls and many visual/sound/musical assets of Flinthook could be used to make an excellent platformer in the more traditional sense- as they are well done. Perhaps something in the future to look forward to by Tribute Games? (or not, I'm just hopeful.)"
76561198073841664,Not Recommended,401710,31368323,Posted: 25 April,all,gonzo191,"FlintHook is a procedurally generated rogue-lite where your main traversal gimmick is the ability to zip line through levels using your grappling hook or hookshot as I'd refer to it. However it has too many issues in a crowded genre that prevents it from shining.TL;DRNot a bad or irredeemable game but it suffers from too many design and control issues to make it a recommendation especially when its competition do it better.ProsHookshot TraversalThe hook based movement is really fluid and pleasing when used. Sometimes you have to zipline through levels and other times you have use the mechanic to dodge enemies and other hazards and I must say that it's extremely satisfying when done flawlessly.Art DesignWow, just wow this is an very gorgeous game. The art style is 100% cohesive and the animations are expertly crafted and bring life into to the game's environment.Sound and Music DesignI must say that I love the sound design, almost everything emits a sound and the effects aren't your run of the mill blips and bloops. They're really pleasing to hear and listen to. Also, the background music is catchy, a bit simple, but sometimes simple is best. Oftentimes I found myself humming along to the background music while I was playing.ConsLittle Visual ContrastI've never played a game where there's so little visual contrast between gameplay layers that you have issues discerning what's in the foreground as opposed to the background. Numerous times I've walked into a room only to be greeting with spikes at my feet blending seamlessly into the level only to get damaged and exclaim ""What the hell hit me?!...Oh there are spikes there."" It's not just spikes sometimes it's enemy projectiles and spike balls which appear as though they're in the background. In my opinion, all hazards should have a 'white shine' effect so that players can properly identify them.It's not just foreground elements, background elements are also at fault as you'll occasionally find certain lamp elements swinging in the back close to fore elements of the same or near similar contrast. Less would've definitely been more in this case or a better spread distance-wise as those useless elements make it extremely hard to read levels. The gorgeous art style is doing the game no favours in this department.ControlsThe controls just feel really sloppy. First off you use the left thumb stick for character movement. There's no dpad support whatsoever, that's a big no-no for me in any 2d platform game. And to add insult to injury you have to aim at enemies using the same said left thumb stick whereby a cursor is then shown and shoot with the right trigger. Mind you that the cursor is tiny and not customisable at all. This is extremely cumbersome and makes dodging projectiles and shooting a royal pain. Why is this even a thing? All modern controllers have 2 sticks and have had 2 sticks for what 20+ years now and we have had games that utilise twin stick mechanics for shooting and moving for ages. You will almost always take unnecessary damage because of this.Inconsistent Rule SetsNothing peeves me more than when a game has inconsistent rules and enemies don't follow the same rules laid out for the player. This is the case with enemies and coins dropped from enemies.Enemies don't follow the same rules you do. All moving enemies can basically phase though all of the platforms in a given room. That's okay; I've come to expect things like this with ghost type enemies so it's not much of an issue. The issue comes from if they shoot any form of projectile. Can you guess what happens? They go through the platforms as well while your projectiles explode on contact. This type design just simply adds cheap difficulty and doesn't feel good at all. It's either we all follow the same rules or not.This inconsistency is also applied to coins. In certain rooms there are coins floating in the air, they'll remain there without issue but if coins were to be spawned from dead enemies or destructibles they have a countdown until they vanish. Why is this? Bombs, chests and perks stay but why must coins and apples disappear. Is it to create some sort urgency with the player? This, again is inconsistent either all disappear or none do.Level DesignWhile the levels aren't bad per se, I find that the copy-pasted Isaac room formula is not really suited here aside from doors locking upon entry. The rooms feel too busy and cramped given their diminutive size. I feel a room structure similar to what was done in Rogue Legacy, Spelunky or Risk of Rain would have worked out better as those normally had wider and more open rooms filled with enemies allowing for more hijinks to occur. This would've also allowed for a better utilisation of the hook shot mechanic.Too RepetitiveThe game feels way too repetitive during your runs as you're constantly doing the same actions ad infinitum. You enter room, battle enemies, get useless perk, complete the puzzle-like room for treasure, fight a challenge room (maybe), complete the stage, rinse and repeat until you have enough bounty to take on a boss. Nothing changes to vary things up. Sure there are secrets but all in all it's still too repetitive and ultimately kind of boring.Uninteresting Boss FightsIt may be just me but I find the bosses highly boring and uninteresting. Granted I've only fought 2 they were mostly the same procedure 1. Remove bubble, 2.Attack weak point while dodging bullets, 3. Kill boss ads, 4. Rinse and repeat for 5-10 cycles.Muddled U.I.While the current UI works well enough as text only, I find the perk selection UI confusing and slightly obtuse as there's little contrast to what selected and what's not. I found that my eyes would always lose focus as to what I'm focusing on and I often found myself pausing to determine what perks I have equipped because of this. I don't find the system as user friendly as it could be.IrritationsInsufficient Hook Shot MovementThe hook shot traversal is extremely fluid and satisfying when used but I feel like the game needed bigger rooms to flesh the mechanic out more. As it is right now, it feels extremely limited.Useless Sub-Weapons and PerksI don't know but almost all sub-weapons and perks I've discovered or unlocked feel utterly useless and don't impact your gameplay in meaningful ways. You just get it and never notice if it's making a difference. Most perks are somewhat boring in my opinion, offering a run of the mill health increase, speed increase to critical chance damage increase. On the top of boring perks they all follow Isaac's formula of vague descriptions which some may find likeable but it's an annoyance to me. I haven't found anything that's fun and makes any difference.Game Audio LevelsThe game's audio is extremely loud. I lowered the volume of sound and effects to 20% and there are still too loud. It’s like those settings aren’t even taking.VerdictThis game is a perfect example of style over substance as the art design is dripping with pizazz while the moment to moment gameplay suffers from odd design decisions. Even though I've only put in 2 hours, I've learnt my lesson from Enter the Gungeon's early hours so I'm cashing in my chips now. It's not a bad game but sadly I can't see myself recommending this at all as the issues are too bothersome when there are better alternatives."
,Not Recommended,401710,33107290,Posted: 1 July,all,Duck,"Flinthook is a charming game with nice looking graphics and intriguing gameplay. The main reason that I don't reccomend this game, is simply because of the controls.PC controls feel so restricting as the aiming crosshair is only allowed to move around a small circle around the player. It makes the game feel really awkward to play and does not help the hook mechanincs. The game does not let you set your own keybinds which is really frustrating as (for me) some of the keybinds feel really awkward. The game has five different preset keybinds, however (to me) they all feel really wierd when playing.Controller controls are somewhat better than the PC controls, however they are still just as wierd. The Dual stick mode (pro mode) is the best controls they have set up for the game, however is still feels awkward as jump is RB. Again, there is no option to set custom keybinds.In general, Flinthook could be a great game, and I personally really like the concept, however, the current controls make it feel really restricting and makes it hard for me to enjoy a game that I really want to enjoy. If you want to buy the game, go ahead, but hopefully, by then they would've fixed the controls and whatnot."
,Recommended,401710,31337590,Posted: 24 April,all,DoodleDemmy,"Looks greatInstead of taking the easy road with pixel-art and going for a 'retro' look, Flinthook instead goes for a fresh, modern palette and has a unique design style. The characters and enemies are simple and bold, and clearly a LOT of effort has gone into the animation to bring them to life. Each room feels deliberate and cohesive, even though stages are generated procedurally.Sounds greatThe sound effects are great, and match the pixel aesthetic with hearty bleeps and bloops, while avoiding the awful bit-crushed screeches and humming from older games.The music for each level is simple and catchy, but doesn't distract you from gameplay. I find myself humming level 1's music every now and again.Controls greatI recommend playing with a controller, I find the mouse aiming is a bit uncomfortable as the cursor is limited to your shooting/grappling radius around the character. Once you move it beyond that circle it feels as if your mouse has broken.Once you get the hang of the grappling hook, it's great fun to zip across the rooms.However...The menu is a bit challenging, which is a shame because it's your first interaction with the game. There's not much in the way of feedback about what you're selecting so a lot of it is guesswork. When flicking between menu items, it can be a bit disorienting as there's no visible movement between each step.Also red = something you can do, green = something you cannot do. Once you've played for a while you get used to it.OverallIt's really good. I'm only an hour in but it's promising to be a game I can sink hundreds of hours into if I'm not careful."
,Recommended,401710,31225964,Posted: 18 April,all,Caffeine Please,"Tough, fair, lovely.I played this at E3 2016 and couldn't wait until today--between the spot-on music and satisfying gameplay, I think we've got a real gem on our hands. This is what a modern/classic Megaman game should be."
,Recommended,401710,31227474,Posted: 18 April,all,QuadroNips,"// Quick LookFlinthook is a charming rogue-lite that manages to provde a good challenge and plenty to unlock. I'd recommend it for those - like me - that love tight platformers and super crunchy pixel graphics. I'm almost tempted to say the game is worth it's price alone just to look at the art.// GameplayThe levels in Flinthook take the form of randomly generated space-pirate-ships made up from a selection of hand-crafted rooms. You - as the daring Captain Flinthook - must delve into these floating space labyrinths to recover what I only assume are some kind of space ghost.A brief tutorial at the beginning of the game teaches you how to use the 'tools of the trade'. The trade here being space-ghost-hunting-space-ghost-pirate. These tools consist of the Blasma Blaster - a short range 'blasma' cannon that can be aimed freely and used whilst slinging yourself around the levels, The Quickhook/Hookshot - a grappling hook that allows you to zip around the levels using specific anchor points and THE BELT OF TIME (TM) - Whilst i'm not entirely sure what the actual name of the magic belt is, it's incredibly helpful if you want to slow things down for a couple of seconds to take stock of your situation.Whilst navigating the levels with your new found weapons and fabric-of-reality-warping garments you'll be sure to come across a wealth of shiny coins and collectibles that can be used to make your journey easier, or spent at the black market to buy things that make your journey easier. The Black Market functions as an upgrade shop, where the Player can spend their hard-earned coins on permanet upgrades for captain Flinthook.Many of the upgrades simply increase the Captain's health whilst others grant you extra abilites such as being able to lock yourself in place while aiming. The game also features a perk system that allows you equip perks in the form of cards that will provide you with boons on your intergalactic ghost hunt. These perks are only interchangeable at the start of a 'run', so choose wisely!// ControlsI've been playing with a 360 controller and so far the controls are nigh-on perfect! My only nitpick is that aiming is done using the left thumbstick, so you're constantly on the move even when you want to try and line a shot up. Luckily the devs had the fore-sight to put the ability to lock yourself in place into the game as a - admittedly pretty cheap - and immediately available upgrade.// SoundThe soundtrack is probably one of my favourite parts of the game so far, it really complements the art style and puts you in the mood for some 2D platforming.There isn't much I can say really! If you enjoyed the music from the trailer, then you'll enjoy the sound track!// Replay ValueThe 'rogue-lite' genre is normally synonomous with games that have bucket loads of content. Whilst I don't doubt that Flinthook will keep me entertained for hours to come, I do wonder what it's long-term appeal will be. The time you'll get from the game will largely depend upon your own ability and how quickly you pick up the controls. At the rate i'm going, I can't see my first full run through happening before the ~10hr mark.Flinthook boasts a large amount of collectibles in the form of relics, perks and lore that can all be accessed from the main menu - along with percentage counters for how much you've collected! Whether or not these will be enough to draw me back in after my first play through remains to be seen, though at the moment I find myself exploring every inch of the randomly-generated levels to ensure I don't miss anything!Speaking of the levels, I'm afraid this is where the game may stagnate to point of deterring long-term play. Having only played 1.5 hrs, I've seen frequent repeats of room layouts and enemy placements. It is with hesitation I would complain about this at this point - I've just defeated the first boss and there seems to be some variation in level setting and scenery.I will update the review with regards to level-generation once I've sunk a few more hours into it!// OverallWould I recommend Flinthook? Absolutely.The platforming is tight and satisfying and the art/music is gorgeous.Is it worth the price? For me, yeah, without a doubt! Though if you're someone that looks for an hour per penny when buying games - especially rogue-lites - then it will be largely down to your skill and willing to hunt collectibles that will determine how long you play the game for.If you have any questions about the game, ask away! I'll be happy to answer :)"
76561198277984478,Recommended,401710,31280544,Posted: 21 April,all,TemmieNeko,"More fun than legally allowed.Amazing art direction, tight controls, tons of customization, replayablity.. so much good here.is it hard?yes.is it rewarding?yes."
,Recommended,401710,31239438,Posted: 19 April,all,SolarFlar3,"I'm really enjoying this game. It's loop is a lot more samey than other proc-gen games, but that loop feels really well curated. The room design, art direction, and music are all perfect. The controls are kind of hard to get used to, and it would be great if you could rebind them. But eventually you do get used to it and its fine. The time slowing mechanic helps a lot with that because you can fire a lot faster than you can move so if you don't want your character to move but you want to shoot things, you can slow time while falling slo-mo in the air and that usually works out okay. The game makes me want to keep playing though I do hope I unlock things at some point that mix up the game play because once I've beaten all of the campaigns, the game is too samey to make me want to keep playing I think. Probably worth $15 though."
76561198082788781,Not Recommended,401710,31805674,Posted: 17 May,all,Sarkael,"Dear Friends,This game is very lovable, authentic and its very well polished. Tight controls, nice rewards, cute protagonist, nice achievements.BUTAs much as I want to love this game, I have one big flaw to reclaim:Flinthook does not feel nor was it meant to be a roguelike game.When I played Flinthook I just begged the creators silently for more story, for a simple but sucessful Map with accessable levels, but instead you are presented with a big pile of random levels that feel just so much urged into the roguelike-Genre.Ive played Isaac, Spelunky, dungeon souls, all that♥♥♥♥♥♥and these games are really meant to be roguelikes, but behind flinthook there is more than just a game that is fun and replayable.I was expecting stuff like kirby, even mario, with complex thoughtful levels and a nice but existent story and I was dissapointed with a game that feels like it had such a pretty souls but then it was locked away to fit into the trend of roguelike games or the overall need of all companies to make games last technically forever.But not everybody wants that.What about Ori? About Limbo, Rayman Legends, all that stuff was meant to be a nice and logic 20 hours of gameplay or even 10 but it was sooooo good.Sometimes a game should not last forever and so does flinthook.After all it's still great but with all the show and cute style I was expecting anything but a roguelike."
,Recommended,401710,31373580,Posted: 26 April,all,Jellybean,"I was first a bit hesitant about buying this game because of the way it had been advertised to me.""Isaac + Spider man"" from Northernlion's video title.""Doesn't bring a lot to the table in terms of rogue likes/lites""""This might be the new rogue like that takes the world by storm"".But those three reviews all have a problem, this game is NOT a rogue like or lite. As far as I know, the levels aren't randomly generated, but there are a ton of layouts that you can choose from at least I think that's the way it works.This game, however, is very good, despite it not being a rogue lite. It has good art, good music, game play is fun, did I mention it has good art?The only complaint I would have is that you can't reassign controls. I'm playing with keyboard and mouse and you slow down time by pressing ""Shift"". I'd rather have this on ""Space"" since I use ""W"" to jump, anyway. But that's just a minor complaint. Buy if you're interested, don't buy if you're not, simple as that."
,Recommended,401710,31363743,Posted: 25 April,all,1qball,"1010% better than rogue legacy. Half as good as Isaac. Has fenomenal potential.Pros:Like the random generationGreat Nitrome aestheticEach run feels like a good balance betwween a single player story and an isaac run. the campaigns feel good to play.Very fair game (some iffy hitboxes, still I'll take blame)Trap and ambush rooms are both chalanging! (rewards for flawless and speed are unloks)Is good gaem, its easier to criticize than lord it.Major gripes:Targeting bubbles vs hooks is a major issue, RB needs to be bound to targeting bubblesPausing after popping a bubble D:<More enemy variety (i'm sure it'll come later)Minor gripes:More powwerups (not as inportant as enemy variety)Make the shovel-pack npc usefull (maybe a bonus challange in a far away land)Busy backgrounds make some objects hard to see (WHY IS THERE A 1X1 SPIKE BALL *PERFECTLY* ALIGNED WITH CANNONBALLS IN THE BACKGROUND) make the background static or make it an option. Call it focus lenses or something and plop it in the black market.Make the soul jems soul pearls? Idk, I didnt go to art school. I'm sure there is great lore behind it allI should be able to tap RT to hook a door and fly past (hold to open)"
,Recommended,401710,32778324,Posted: 25 June,all,Paul,"Flinthook is a rogue-lite platformer with a focus on the platforming element. I'm not gonna lie, this review might be biased, because it feels like the gameplay and art-style of this game were tailor-made to fit my tastes. I love rogue-lites, I love platforming, I love pixel-art (when done with love).Bias aside, I'm not understanding some of the criticism this game is getting from other players. Yes, this game is hard. Yes, certain runs or rooms can feel unfair, at times. This is a rogue-lite guys, those are elements of the rogue-lite formula. If the gameplay wasn't so unforgiving, the game wouldn't feel as satisfying when you get a great run in. I also disagree with the notion that this game shouldn't have been a rogue-lite in the first place: the rogue-lite elements don't feel tacked on, to me, they feel integral to the experience. There is enough variety that each run feels fresh and different from the last, and in the end, isn't that why we love the genre?Flinthook isn't a perfect game, however. There's a lot of things it gets right, but it misses the mark in a few areas.Things Flinthook gets right:-Fun platforming. The hook mechanic makes platforming feel incredibly satisfying. This, along with the slow-motion mechanic add something fresh to the formula. Moving around is always fun, and always a challenge. This is something Flinthook excels at, when compared to other platformers in the genre, like Spelunky or Risk of Rain.-A wide variety in terms of rooms, upgrades, and perks. There is enough ""stuff"" to get from runs, that no run feels wasted, as there's always something you got out of it: whether it be a new perk, or a new item to purchase from the Black Market.-Art style is very polished, and charming. Animations are great. Where in a lot of games the pixel-art style feels like a crutch, it doesn't here. Great soundtrack.Things Flinthook could improve upon:-While I love the art-style, visually, each ""zone"" feels the same. There are some minor changes in terms of sprites: In the third zone the floor spikes are now flaming coals. There are drills in the second zone that didn't exist in the first. I understand that each level takes place on a space-ship, but more creativity could have been put in to make each zone feel different than the last. When I beat a boss in the game, I want part of the reward to be getting to explore a new area, and each new bounty feels much like the last.-More variety in terms of enemies and traps would be great. This goes along with my last point. Though new zones kick up the difficulty in terms of trap rooms, the types of traps are generally the same. There are a couple new enemies to find in each zone, but the ones you'll be fighting in the first zone, you'll be fighting all game long.-Using the blaster in the game is fun, but some variety in terms of weapons would add a ton to make each run feel more unique. One thing Binding of Isaac really excelled at was the different combinations of weapon perks. It was a blast to see combinations of weapon upgrades yield fun and interesting results, changing up the play-style of each new run. I think something like this could really freshen up Flinthook.-The enemy fighting is really the weakest aspect of the game. The game is at its best when the player is fearlessly navigating around traps, launching the character from one hook to the next. A think more of a focus on platforming and less on enemy battles would play to the game's strengths.All that being said, I haven't had this much fun with the rogue-lite formula since Spelunky, or FTL. Great job Devs! A solid recommendation."
,Recommended,401710,31309161,Posted: 22 April,all,Mitchfynde,"I'm surprised at the lack of hype surrounding this game. It has all the potential to be the next big indie game that the roguelite youtubers go wild for. The graphics, music, and gameplay are all great. It has some of the snappiest hook swinging in any game I've played. It feels great. The shooting mechanics are a bit strange at first, but you get used to it. The slow motion is something I haven't gotten used to yet, but that's just because I suck.Seriously, if you love the indie roguelite scene, you need to buy this. Fans of Spelunky and Enter the Gungeon (especially fans of BOTH games) should love Flinthook."
,Recommended,401710,31230448,Posted: 18 April,all,Daniel,"Fun, fast paced action rogue-lite that I couldn't recommend more.This game has some of the best movement I've played in an indie in quite some time. The sound track is top notch and fits the games incredible art direction very well.My only complaint is that the game is a bit light on the roguelike aspects, this isn't an infinitely replayable game like Isaac or Gungeon, but is still a must by for anyone who's a fan of the genre.Buy this game!"
,Recommended,401710,31226472,Posted: 18 April,all,GET IN HEEEEEEEEEERE,"Fun and fluid movement system paired with some satisfying shooting and great loot. Amazing pixel art and a rad soundtrack to boot. One of the best roguelikes I've played. As more content comes out, I will play more and more. Would recommend to newbies and veterans alike. 10/10"
76561198064058154,Recommended,401710,31370577,Posted: 25 April,all,SanctumAxis,got me to stop playing isaac
76561198048092359,Not Recommended,401710,31381041,Posted: 26 April,all,Seppo,"It is not a terrible game but there are some major flaws so i can't recommend it. I will focus on the stuff that annoys me as there are tons of reviews talking about the postives like the art, music and the early gameplay loop.Controls:I think the game is unplayable with a gamepad, you move and shoot with the same stick, if you want to aim at something you have to press a button to stay stationary so you can aim. Being stationary in fast paced fights is not a good idea at all and leads to taking a ton of damage. There is no reason why it should be like that, if you play with a mouse you almost get free aim.However mouse and keyboard isn't perfect, with the mouse they lock your reticle to a certain distance around your character making aiming more difficult. You also can't remap your keybindings you have to choose one of their presets.Level Design:90% of the rooms are tiny and full of spikes and other obstacles but your hook isn't really precise enough to traverse these rooms quickly without taking damage. So you have to go slowly, plan out every jump or otherwise you just get destroyed by obstacles - which is not really a fun platforming experience.Also there are too many hooking opportunitys on every room, it happens too often that you hook to the wrong spot (especially because the hook auto-snaps to the closest hooking spot see screenshots) or an enemy with a bubble overlaps with a hooking spot leading to you hooking into the enemy taking damage instead of popping his bubble.http://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198048092359/screenshot/824566203550938585http://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198048092359/screenshot/824566203550939195Graphics:The game looks beautiful but every screen is extremly busy and obstacles are too difficult to see as they just blend in and i often get hit by something i just didn't see, there really should be some contrast.Grind:At some point you have to replay old levels to unlock new perks until you get powerful enough to progress, some of the upgrades seem pretty essential and the random unlock order because of the boosters makes it frustrating if you don't get what you need or want."
,Not Recommended,401710,32311530,Posted: 10 June,all,⸎peth,"super weird decision to lock my mouse cursor like a gamepad-controlled reticule. even weirder is receiving this complaint numerous times and not doing anything about it.this doesn't even mention how wrong this game gets the idea of progression and fun challenge. the card upgrade system is absolutely awkward to use, provides meaningless percentage boosts and never offers anything that meaningfully changes up the gameplay or mechanics in a satisfying way. Less HP as the hard challenges are so damn lackluster, they are heartless contrivances that I have no patience for when I wanted something fun.this game has no soul, its like smooth jazz"
,Recommended,401710,31776926,Posted: 15 May,all,awp,"Ah, I remember the original pitch to this game. There's a lot to love about Flinthook, and a fair bit to hate as well, but the overall experience in a seashell is fantastic.Movement feels good, there's quite a lot of variations to the ships and individual room layouts, combat can be incredibly satisfying when the quickhook targeting isn't being confused, and it looks and sounds nice. There are also a ton of perks at your disposal, giving you a lot of options for a starting loadout, and even more to find during a raid. After cracking the outer shell and getting into the meat of Flinthook, I'm finding a very hard time not booting it up when I need to burn a quick 10 to 200 minutes.There are a handful of issues I've encountered frequently enough to annoy though, and it feels like a few small changes could go a long way for improving the experience:- There are enemies which must be hit with the Quickhook, and it is very easy to accidentally hook onto something behind them and swing into them for a cheap hit instead- Lockstep, which allows you to aim without moving doesn't work in the air, meaning you cannot shoot downward without plummeting like a tetronimo, and you cannot maintain momentum in one direction and shoot in the other. This makes aerial combat pretty frustrating which is mandatory for a lot of bosses. Otherwise, the focus becomes finding a good perch to shoot from- There's quite a lot of waiting. Slimey sequences, boss intros, and the scenes that play after completing a level are unskippable. You will watch a lot of ships explode, and if you're settling in for a longer play session, it almost becomes worth having something else to do while these scenes play out for the nth time- The player's hitbox is quite big. It feels sufficiently balanced with the rest of the game, but it's something I've had a hard time getting used to- Environment traps do a very good job camouflaging into the background. Pressure plates and spikes in particular can be very hard, and at times impossible to see- Due to all the randomizations in play, you occasionally have as little as two seconds to react before taking damage from something the moment you enter a new room.Despite the length of that list of grievances, Flinthook has quickly become one of my favourite games of the year so far, and quite possibly on the top of my list of favorite Tribute games. Strongly recommended for fans of Jumpy Shooty games with good difficulty curves and very high skill caps. I believe I've seen almost everything the game has to offer, but I'm pretty sure I'll get at least a dozen more hours out of it before my interest wanes."
76561198267515334,Recommended,401710,32915272,Posted: 27 June,all,pyroshark545,"At first the controls may be hard to grasp but after, you will feel like a badass as you hook through rooms killing enemies left and right!!! I honestly can't stop playing this game!!!"
,Recommended,401710,31670049,Posted: 10 May,all,tearfromthered,"Rogue Legacy in space. The long version: gorgeous pixel art, refreshing cute space pirate setting. Great procedural dungeons and rooms. A nice level up system to help you get better prepared for futures tries at this rogue like. I recommand this one only for hardcore gamer of the genre. The difficulty gets insanely hard passed the first boss. Even with level up grinds it's a too big of a leap."
,Recommended,401710,31478632,Posted: 30 April,all,Etalus,"This game looks, plays, and feels beautiful. Flinthook mixes quick movement, quirky humor, and expands on roguelikes in a really cool way. Lots of games in this genre are pretty hit or miss for me, but the perk system here is a great way to customize your captain for each mission. Definitely a different take on the random dungeon/weapon style game but it works. Chock full of extra features, secrets, and lore this game will keep you coming back."
76561197993662937,Recommended,401710,31260023,Posted: 20 April,all,"NICEBIKE,KID","Love this game so much.I'm a rouge-like nut, I'll admit it. Fav's being Binding of Isaac (ofc) and Nuclear ThroneFlinthook is a breath of fresh air.Pros -Fast and addicting gameplayA great rogue-lite progression systemTHE MUSIC my god. Especially the siren shrine tunes. Haven't liked an OST this much since Shovel KnightIt's beautiful to look at, some of the best pixel art I've seen.The platforming is very tight and direct. You feel in-control and not floaty.The whole grappling hook system handles very quickly and accurately.Cons -I haven't found any yet. (that's rare)Besides me being upset with myself for dying, I've completely enjoyed the 3 hours spent playing.I'm sure some negatives will arise as I progress but as of now there are none to report.Flinthook ♥♥♥♥ing rocks"
,Recommended,401710,34926774,Posted: 13 September,all,sleepy toad,"Flinthook is an excellent platformer but a very poor Rogue lite and i feel it would've benefitted from having hand made levels rather than procedural generated ones.The combat is very tight and using your slow motion to pull off amazing moves is fun, but sadly the game's levels quickly become repetitive.This is made worse by the fact that the game will often ask you to backtrack through trap filled rooms you've already gone through, rooms which are usually little more than time wasters. Flinthook as a whole has a tendency to waste time due partly to overly long animations inbetween levels, which might be charming for the first hour or so, but quickly become annoying to sit through.You can equip cards that you obtain after each run, but these don't really spice up the gameplay, they mostly just make numbers go up (More experience, More HP, more item drops etc...) and boost your abilities slightly (shoot/hook further and faster). After 8 hours of gameplay, i feel like i've seen everything the game has to offer.Artistically the game is very pleasant: the sprites are all very colourful and well animated, but they tend to clog up the screen, making it difficult to spot traps. The music is serviceable, it's very upbeat and energetic and fits the gameplay well, but it's not something i'd listen to outside of the game.I give Flinthook a recommendation despite my mostly negative feedback because the core gameplay is very fun, it feels good to hook all over the place and land impossible shots on your enemies. But as a rogue lite, Flinthook runs out of steam extremely quickly."
,Recommended,401710,31532202,Posted: 3 May,all,LASD,"Finally a game that really sratches the roguelite itch that Isaac started!Everything else I've played this far has fallen a bit short from what I was looking for, but Flinthook has it all! Fun movement, interesting strategy, tough skill-based action and the exact right amount of grinding!30 hours to beat the game to the final ending. Really good all the way through."
,Not Recommended,401710,31778031,Posted: 15 May,all,Jason Bourne Shell,"I wanted to like the game; the art style is nice and I'm a fan of games like isaac and gungeon, but there's just too many things getting in the way of my enjoyment:- Hazards aren't clearly separate from the background/decoration in many cases, and this is only aggravated by a ship option which actively adds more visual noise- I don't like level progression in a roguelite; I'm not grinding for better gear to make up for the game's poor design choices- Bosses and most enemy encounters in general take way too long at times- There really is no reason not to have warps aside from making you lose more health to trap rooms- You're pretty gimped without a bunch of upgrades, most of which don't really alter gameplay much- Long unskippable animations I've already gotten tired of- The hook, the key gimmick behind the game, is easily the most frustrating mechanic with how it launches you around (and even straight into enemies you're trying to pluck a bubble from)No, ""it gets better"" isn't going to change my mind on some of these design choices."
,Recommended,401710,31384870,Posted: 26 April,all,a depressed middle aged man,"People are ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ on the fact you aim with movement but that's how the game is supposed to be played. It intises you to use the time mechanic and the hook a lot. Don't use mouse and keyboard to play this game. Also, this game is short and needs to get updated for more."
,Recommended,401710,33844793,Posted: 27 July,all,Silhouetters = ♥,"Man this game is awesome.This has one of the best and most cohesive styles in a 'new'- retro game for me.I love how detailed and real the world feels in this game, every texture is crisp and feels lived in, amplifying the overall character of the game, which is super strong throughtout.Character and enemy design is brilliantly creative and fun, lending to some really unique and funny designs that feel like classic characters that you've enjoyed many times before.The soundtrack is proper SNES stuff; very upbeat and full of life, as is the sound design that has one or two strange choices, I found, but that only made it more unique and even funny.The controls are most likely the weakest point of the game for me.You see, the game is pretty hard, like really, and having a not- so- great control scheme really doesn't mix with that style of gameplay, so using a controller (as recommeded) doesn't work, and neither does mouse and keyboard ((I've found that M+KB is easier to use, and I always get further in the game with them than with my controller)).This really is the only negative thing I can think of in this game, and allthough it is a pretty glaring problem, the developers are still putting in lots of work to update the game as often as they can, and maybe one day it'll get fixed, who knows?But really, overall, this is a wonderfully fun game, full of effortless charm, fun environments, an outstanding art style and animations and a decent difficulty that isn't too hard but certainly isn't too easy.Really love this one, one of my favourite Indie Steam titles yet.8.5/10"
,Recommended,401710,31227769,Posted: 18 April,all,Waufbanes,"I heard about this game through several social medias, and decided to check a stream to see how it looked like.  I was hooked(heh, get it?) and bought it after viewing a few minutes of gameplay.Now, the first thing that hit me kind of hard was that the cursor is locked in a circle around your character.  This was really, really jarring.  My hand and arm immediately started cramping up trying to adjust to this limited movement around the screen, as well as the sensitivity being a bit higher than what I usually deal with.  I pressed on and was able to adjust to it within a few minutes, though not completely, but maybe an hour or two will make me more accustomed to it.Although,if it was an option,I would turn off the curser lock.(HINT HINT)The launcher setting to disable it does not really work, it stops mouse grab and lets you see your mouse cursor as well as your aim.Regardless, the game is quite fun at the beginning, and I doubt the fun will dwindle soon.  At least for me, as I love rogue-lites, or similar, and have played hours upon hours of Rogue Legacy and Risk of Rain to name a few.Also, I understand I could simply play with a controller, and I do have one at my disposal, but I find I am much better at aiming and quick movement with a mouse.  Especially in a supposed lite-bullet hell game such as this.(Borderless window wouldn't hurt tho)For 144fps, go to the game folder, open launcher, and enable ForceDraw!"
,Recommended,401710,31307590,Posted: 22 April,all,Kyneptic,This game will make you the ultimate space hooker!
,Recommended,401710,31300172,Posted: 22 April,all,olszi senpai,i like the epic music and gameplay is nice too ;)
76561198047626721,Recommended,401710,31232026,Posted: 18 April,all,JUSTTOOMANYDAMNBONGOS!,"Obviously this game hasn't been out for long but with my time playing it, I can tell this game is a real gem. 13 bucks for this game is a stealPros:*Great soundtrack that adds hype*The pixel art is surprisingly well made especially for a rogue like game*Enemy designs, ship designs, and items are pretty unique*While the mechanics of rappeling to points and dodging bullets may seem complicated, the controls are very tight and responsive. You feel like a ninja when you fly around those pointsCons:*It's a roguelike so dying can be frustrating*As of now, (rank 11) the game doesn't feel very difficult.Fun game"
,Recommended,401710,31267966,Posted: 20 April,all,Adlumia,"Recipe for Flinthook:1 tbsp Roguelike.2 cup Grappling hook.1/4 cup space pirates.stir for 4 minutes.after stirring, add some great controls.stir for 6 minutes.You should end up with a fantastic and replayable roguelike."
,Recommended,401710,31262024,Posted: 20 April,all,Wet Lasagna,"I have been enjoying the game a lot so far. It's a really nice time killer that reminds me of binding of isaac/metroid. It runs well on my older laptop which is nice because I can play it between classes.I feel like I'm nitpicking by saying the controls are weirdish but ill get used to them. Also, there are only 4 environments which I guess is the norm but they're all pretty similiar.8/10"
76561198044520076,Recommended,401710,31564755,Posted: 5 May,all,Jackward,"Truly loved this game - wide variety of enemies, interesting and challenging levels, perks and whatnot, awesome pixel art, and an insanely good OST (I bought the Deluxe edition just for it and I don't regret it, plus the art book is quite awesome if you're into that kinda thing)."
76561198129359024,Recommended,401710,31292231,Posted: 22 April,all,PiranhaPig,"I really like this game.I haven't played it a whole lot, but damn is it fun so far.The movement is so much fun, hooking around while slowing time down and shooting at enemies while they're shooting at you makes you feel like such a badass!The perks make you not feel as bad when you die since you got an upgrade out of that run anyway! (which is great because i die a lot)I've seen a lot of people complaining about the movement and aiming being on the same thumbstick, but i don't really have a lot of issues with it since i got used to it, aiming with the right stick just wouldn't work with this game.Also the soundtrack is good. Not a lot to say about that point, it's just good.Just buy it, okay?"
,Recommended,401710,31420624,Posted: 28 April,all,smb,"This is a brilliant skill base plataformer. The pixel art is gourgeous, the controls are tight, the replayability is great and its tough. Ow boy its a tough, but its fair.10/10"
,Recommended,401710,32065490,Posted: 30 May,all,BlueAura,"Very good game that deserves praise, lots of fun where most of the fun comes from mastering it's mechanics.  The procedurally generated rooms are INCREDIBLY varied where there are dozens of room with different hazards placed (or not placed) in each room on every playthrough.  This creates a great sense of variety and makes the game fairly difficult but fun as you try and weave your way past lasers and missles while also taking down some enemies.  Only part I didn't like were how the relic, black market, and lore achievements require a bit of grinding to get completely, I don't recommend going for them if you want to get maximum enjoyment.I used keyboard + mouse but I think controller works fairly well too."
,Recommended,401710,34053196,Posted: 5 August,all,[LT3]Barirn,"A decent game. It can take a little getting used to having the range of your mouse movement being limited, but that doesn't take away too much from the fun gameplay. The art style is fantastic, it feels fun, matching how fun the gameplay is."
,Recommended,401710,31266733,Posted: 20 April,all,Laskov,"One of the best rogue-likes ever, in my opinion. The artstyle is amazing, the gameplay is very smooth, it has a lot of variety, challenging but fair, great musik.Its just awesome, get it.10/10"
,Recommended,401710,31268438,Posted: 20 April,all,LieutenantSyrup,I Cannot reccomend this game enough! Very Fast paced enjoyable Rogue Lite game. The controls would seem weird at first but are actually easy to get used to. But the music is by far the best part of the game with upbeat tunes that perfectly fit the game.
,Recommended,401710,31585195,Posted: 6 May,all,Moridin63,If you like rogue-like / rogue-lite platformers you will probably enjoy this game.If you like Rogue Legacy at all (also recommended) you will probably enjoy this game.One thing to note is that if you are not comfortable with the way the controls feel (try both kb+m and controller) you will likely not enjoy the game. Give it an hour or so and then refund if you can't stand them.
,Recommended,401710,31386220,Posted: 26 April,all,Cap,"It's the Super Metroid I kind of wish Super Metroid was.Faster. Cooler. More Pirates. Ghosts. Slime Friend. Apples. All Good Additions To This Trusty Formula. I love this delightful ghost pirate and I want to adopt him. Everything I do in this game feels cool, including ♥♥♥♥ing up a grapple and eating♥♥♥♥♥♥on 20,000 spikes. Something about this game feels like a Saturday morning cartoon you'd see in the background of a lame show that makes you wish the cartoon they made for the background of the show was the show.(disclaimer: i love super metroid and thats part of why i love this, nintendo, please dont kill me)"
,Recommended,401710,31324239,Posted: 23 April,all,Yugz,I'm writing my first steam review ever just to tell you how amazing i think this game is.
,Recommended,401710,31312309,Posted: 22 April,all,LuckyDave,"At this point I've played flinthook for 20 hours. I'm almost level 50. I've unlocked a ton of the RPG-style character advancements from the blackmarket, tinkered around with the daily and weekly challenges, and I've so far only defeated the first boss. I am so happy with my purchase. When I was young, I loved a game whether I ever beat it or not; hell, I was happy if I got through the first few levels in Sonic 2, Rocket Knight Adventures, and  Megaman X2. I may keep going through and try to find some secrets or beat the other bosses, but even if I never boot up flinthook again, I'll never stop singing its praises. This game is wonderful. ALL HAIL TRIBUTE!"
76561198137789859,Recommended,401710,33015910,Posted: 29 June,all,DragonMaster50,"make sure you know what youre getting into, the hooking mechanic is very difficult to master!"
,Recommended,401710,33141352,Posted: 2 July,all,Sharky [T],This game is an amazing roguelite platformer. Will write a bigger review later~
,Recommended,401710,34116842,Posted: 8 August,all,OMEGA_PDP,"A very skill based game that'll have you ""hooked"" from the moment you start! If you aren't quick enough you'll die with ease but it doesn't feel like a huge loss, infact it makes you want to ram your way back into the fight. Very addictive, this game would be fun for anyone who's enjoyed games like Breath Of The Wild's ""Good luck, you're on your own"" mentality. Using perks you can easily adapt the game to your playing style but that's only if you're lucky enough to find the ones you need! I reccomend going semi-blind into the game since it makes it more exciting when you get a new perk you never knew existed."
,Recommended,401710,31257862,Posted: 20 April,all,Yeezie,"Really great roguelike, reminds me of Rogue Legacy with a grappling hook and tighter controls, the combat is great and the controls are responsive. All of the music is fitting and sounds amazing and its easy to see that the developers have a sense of humour.Really fun and its amazing to finally be able to play it after seeing it at PAX a while ago."
,Recommended,401710,31249842,Posted: 19 April,all,Dabundis,Movement is incredibly fluid and combat is well varied.  It takes a bit to get used to the controls (movement and aiming cannot be decoupled) but it's well worth its price.
76561198032190926,Not Recommended,401710,31390728,Posted: 27 April,all,r@BiD-@nT,"Let me start out that I love so much about this game, the aestetic, the level advancement, and overall design of the game is beautiful and original... except for a few things that make it frustrating in a way that feels unfair.Firstly, the controls are waaaay off, weather you are using controller or KB and mouse like me, the hookshot is unrealiable in the extreme, far too much hassle around a core gameplay mechanic, your need to aim it carefully so it doesn't go off in a random direction... This isn't really acceptable for a ""shmup-like"" game, you need to be able to move freely without having to think about whether you'll go where you think you want to go, or where you were actually aiming. Yes... I know, there is a little icon that shows you exaclty the direction you are shooting and where your shot will go, but you need to LOOK for it, and in a game where you need to furiously move about to avoid damage and enemies, this is not good enough. A lock-on feature / more noticable in your periphary would perhaps fix this.Secondly another issue is being able to see what is going on, the traps and environemal hazards look so much like the background you have to activly look for them, again, taking your eyes away from the action. Being frame perfect/pixel perfect is a fundemental aspect of this type of game, and forcing you to activly scan for hazards is detremental to the core gameplay.Finally I'll bring up pixel-perfect again... it ain't, the hazard and projectile hitboxes are larger than they feel like they should be for this type of game."
,Not Recommended,401710,31654629,Posted: 9 May,all,Noy,"Not a very good game, sadly. Tedious level design and annoying traps that are hard to identify. Quite a lot of grinding to get anywhere as well, at least for me. I'd avoid it.Also, when you hook a bubbled enemy your character stops in place for like a whole second, it's dumb. The whole concept of bubbled enemies is dumb."
76561198033285287,Not Recommended,401710,31264925,Posted: 20 April,all,Piespork,"Was looking forward to this and I currently have a mixed reception of the game.The Controls-Initially i started with a controller but could not handle moving and aiming with the same stick.-Moving to M+K is much better, more fluid, would strongly reccomend.-The hook is fun, but can be irritating to control (flying into bubble enemies for example, instead of pulling the bubble   off).The Visuals-Very nice, great artwork, awesome animations, no complaints.-Some traps may be hard to see, but overall its nothing to worry about.The Music-Great soundtrack, sound effects are good.Upgrades-Very dissapointing. Getting packs makes you somewhat excited, until you understand that the cards themselves are not worth much. You'll just click through the packs you get, might as well not have this, which sucks.-The permanant upgrades are by far the most important, you feel like they somewhat matter. Very grindy to collect tokens for permanant upgrades.Bosses-I have fought 3 of the bosses, not much to them. A little disspointing as well.Replayability-Would not even consider putting more than 15-20 hours into the game, there just isnt enough of a difference through each run to warrant that much time-The lack of meaningful upgrades or changes to the gameplay makes me wish for more.Overall I believe they could have done a bit better at expanding what goes on in the game. Each run of a rogue-like should feel pretty different (especially if you take different upgrades), but with this is feels the same.If you dont mind the price and want a few hours to kill, i'd give this game a try. There might be more added later on, but as of right now if you were looking for an in depth rogue-like that would sweep you off your feet, keep looking."
,Not Recommended,401710,31281651,Posted: 21 April,all,Mark Venturelli,"*Disclaimer*: Bear in mind that I only played the Tutorial and the first two bosses, so maybe the game does get better with time.Flinthook is so beautiful and full of character and polish and love... but I just didn't have any fun.Perhaps it's because I'm a cranky old man who hates everything.The challenges are designed to annoy you with minor mistakes and keep poking you until your health pool depletes - instead of dying because of big, game-changing mistakes like in Spelunky, for example.I find this makes me feel increasingly impatient and annoyed while playing - dying is never fun. It feels like the result of a lot of minor reflex mistakes, not one big thing that I can get better at and give me that feel of ""just one more run!"".Also- I found the running and gunning underwhelming.- The rooms are too small to allow the fun hooking mechanic to shine.- Too many empty rooms, or with just busywork, and a lot of backtracking.- A lot of backtracking.- Sloppy level design in SOME (only some!) of the rooms, with platforms and traps that don't quite match jump height and hook impulse power.- The absolutely adorable animations between the actual gameplay get old fast, and are very, very long.- Boss fights are♥♥♥♥♥♥And I think that's it. If all of these (honestly minor) complaints above sound insignificant to you, by all means buy this game. It is a very charming and well-crafted game. I just don't feel like playing it anymore after barely an hour with it."
76561198141325569,Recommended,401710,31249330,Posted: 19 April,all,Telvis,"Great roguelike platformer that is an absolute blast to play. Gameplay, pixel-art, music, and character designs are all amazing. This is the only game I've ever been able to say that backtracking is fun due to how immensly satisfying, intuitive, and fun it is to grapple around. I honestly find rooms with just grappling puzzles to be more fun than the combat. Not saying the combat is bad it's just a testament to how fun the grappling hook is to use.This game just screams polish and has topped Spelunky for my favorite platformer roguelike.9.5/10"
76561198043495131,Recommended,401710,33186925,Posted: 3 July,all,Rayllumen,"The game is enjoyable, I love roguelikes and the ability to mix and match perks to fit my play style so I can be able to tear through the ships with ease. But if I need t oput in some criticisms... Id have to say the controls are a bit iffy. I usually play with controllers and the controls for the controller are... Interesting. For some reason, The left stick controls both Flinthook AND your aim! I would like to use the Right-stick to aim my hook and pistol, Which is remedied in the 'Pro' control option. But that also comes with a price of having HALF OF THE BUTTONS BE UNUSED. A good fix for this is rebindable controls or simply making the right stick useful in the default control setting. Other than the controls, I like pixelated art styles in many games, Its not causing my potato GPU to implode on itself, And it is REALLY fun to play and attempt to No-hit entire levels. I would like to ask for Local Co-op. It would be pretty interesting to be able to raid ships and hunt bounties with a first mate. By all means,BUY!THIS!GAME!"
,Recommended,401710,31380858,Posted: 26 April,all,Box,"Art is great, gameplay is fun, music is nice, but in the 2 hours I have played, this game has crashed on me twice. It sucks even harder considering you can spend 20+ minutes since your last save and then you lose all progress because the game closes, saying I need to instal some♥♥♥♥♥♥or something. If it happens again I won't play until they fix it with an update, but the game is fun regardless"
,Recommended,401710,31269293,Posted: 20 April,all,Middle School Trap God,This game is incredible. Longer review to come
,Recommended,401710,31338762,Posted: 24 April,all,Happy,Great Game! Hard at first... But Good!
,Recommended,401710,31909528,Posted: 22 May,all,Sashie,"Think rogue legacy with a gun, not a lot of guns, just 1 single gun replacing all weapons.No swords. no classes, no character traits, no skill tree, no blocking/ducking/warping, no air dashing or limited flight (Except the flinthook which assumes it knows where you want it to hook too. And leaves you high and dry if no hooks are around), no equipement choices, no mana, and levels largely do nothing directly to your character.It lacks quality of life improvements of legacy as well. No teleport pads so backtracking isn't a royal pain, no ability to keep some gold after a run, no fighting a boss whenever you want, no shortcuts out of chest challenge rooms at the end. Theres no down attack to save yourself taking damage if a fall is going to drop you on top of an enemy. The spike traps stay up near forever so that even if you jump to avoid them its not enough.There is a perk bar, but it not like the perks really change up play that much. And you'll see the same handful of enemies all the time. The perks are pretty meh, nothing amazing like legacy's character traits like pulmic where you have a character who cannot trigger spike traps. Or dwarfism where you can access tiny rooms normal and large characters can't.The only thing that really switches things up is the modifiers ships can have.The game comes across as really cheap in some rooms combined with like no iframes. A single room can eat your entire hp bar in rare cases.Its an okay game, but its lacking deeper mechanics, story, or variety to keep things interesting. It needs more content."
,Recommended,401710,34384675,Posted: 20 August,all,burchard_1,"Flinthook is one of the best games I've ever played!!! The whole entire game is built on great game mechanics, such as the ability to slow down time, as well as the movement mechanic, letting you get around the levels quickly. The art is beautiful and is some of the best art I've seen in a 2d game. Just because it's a great game, doesn't mean it doesn't have a few cons. I wish the game had explored it's mechanics more. There should be more of a loot aspect to the game so that you can have different ways of playing, like for example, making a long-distance gun, or a melee weapon. That would be cool. I would probably give this game a 9/10."
76561198145146697,Recommended,401710,33293677,Posted: 5 July,all,ADcrafter,"This game actually reminds me of Enter the Gungeon, because it takes a concept and adds a new mechanic that adds a lot of depth and skill into the game. The difference is this one is a 2D platformer.The music is amazing and the graphics are gorgeous! I love it to bits!"
,Recommended,401710,31380271,Posted: 26 April,all,Patrick with a Party Horn,hey i thought it was ok i think hmmmmm
,Recommended,401710,31243826,Posted: 19 April,all,Tankor Smash,"Played about 2 hours, plan on playing 2 more.Game feels great to play, moving around is quick and fluid, the hookshot keeps movement feeling skillful, and the bullettime feels like a mechanic to learn.I hope the gun gets neat upgrades eventually, like I've got bouncy shot so far, but I hope it gets pretty crazy once I level up more.Really enjoy the gameplay. The art and sound and aesthetic is great too."
,Recommended,401710,31271189,Posted: 21 April,all,Samurai Jack TH,"This game is pure amazing. Reminds me of the bubble dragon platforming game that I played when I was a kid :) Love how the developer mixes the old school style of gameplay with modern mechanics, and knows the game's strength very well by focusing on the hooking as the basis structure of Flinthook!"
,Recommended,401710,31227155,Posted: 18 April,all,Is not an Axe,Great Nitrome style aesthetics
,Recommended,401710,34444760,Posted: 23 August,all,Beefenstein,"This game is amazing. The graphics, controls and gameplay all combine to make a tight and enjoyable platform rogue-lite adventure."
76561198062047891,Recommended,401710,31319205,Posted: 23 April,all,Vanta_Vox,11/10 would hook again. I love sprites.
,Recommended,401710,31522273,Posted: 3 May,all,Insomniac Leopard,"Flinthook is absolutely a breath of fresh air for the Roguelike genreFlinthook is an action packed 2D platformer roguelike where you can swing around various traps, enemies, projectiles, lasers and explosives while dishing out your own damage from your short range Blasma Pistol, but things aren't that bad as you can pickup various perk cards during your run to help you perform better (or worse if you get cursed.)During every run you will be tasked with finding a particular boss and defeating him for a bounty, this is done by looting and destroying enemy ships to give your slime compass friend a nice treasure snack, after an allotted number you'll be taken to their ship for the final battle of the run, if you succeed you will be shown the next bounty to select from the main menu. This may sound fairly standard but the way everything is strewn together is fantastic, unlike many other roguelikes you can select which stage you will be going to next, with the modifiers displayed as you're selecting between 3 stages, immediately this makes you start to question what would be best a smaller ship with less modifiers and enemies or a larger ship with more treasure and shops but also more enemies and possibly worse modifiers. There is also this fairly good sense of progression, as you'll earn perk card packs for beating stages, bosses, and leveling up after a run, which start to augment how you play, if you'd like to have more health you can put perks on that increase it, if you'd like your blaster to do more damage when your health is low there is a perk for that, if you'd like to gain some hp everytime you board a new ship, there is a perk for that as well, you only need to have the perk card and perk points available, which can also be increased via the ""Black Market"" which can be accessed between runs from the main menu. The fact that your blasma pistol and quickhook are such short range forces you to be put into harms way when attacking enemies or attempting to dodge traps, but this is where your time slowing belt comes into play for a very brief period of time you may slow down the world around you, and it periodically rechares, as with many of your tools this also has perks that can increase it's effectiveness such as increasing the time you can slow or how strong the slowing effect is, this is one of the most important items you can make use of along with your quickhook which allows you to thrust yourself out (or into) harm's way.The soundtrack and artwork are absolutely wonderful, I immediately purchased the deluxe edition upon hearing some of the tracks which are fresh and really give off that feel of being a space pirate, some tracks even feel like theyre straight out of a metroid or megaman game such as the track ""Mining Machine"" which sounds like it would fit right into any megaman game (save for the 8-bit ones.) The artwork itself is great, really clean pixel graphics with their own style that just brings everything together, it looks somewhere between hand drawn and pixelated which is a delight to see.I would definately recommend this to someone looking for a fun new roguelike or 2D platformer, especially if you're a fan of pixelated graphics, decent chiptunes and quirky humor which this game has in the lore and relics sections."
,Not Recommended,401710,31730438,Posted: 13 May,all,Salami Jack,Really lacking any sort of diversity in enemy and level design. Meager power-ups make each run feel like the last.
76561198119795007,Not Recommended,401710,31743605,Posted: 14 May,all,st0rm,"+ Looks amazing+ Pretty decent sounding+ Hooking around rooms is pretty fun when you're allowed to do it.+ Has a ""fun"" feeling to it.- It's more frustrating than it is fun.- What the hell were you thinking with bubbled enemies- Your hazards blend into the background, and there's TOO MUCH of them. The floors, the walls, the lazers, the trip lazers, chest rooms that are actually platforming nightmares because the character doesn't jump high enough for the level around him. ENOUGH.- A lot of enemy damage feels cheap. Things bounce, don't obey the same rules as your projectiles and aren't big enough to track with your peripheral a lot of the time.~ Not rogue-y enough in my opinion.It could've been a great game, but some design decisions make it more frustrating than fun for me."
,Recommended,401710,31540377,Posted: 4 May,all,ThePCGamer101,"DISCLAIMER: This is a first impressions review, and NOT a full reviewFlintook is a game developed and published by Tribute Games Inc. Flinthook is a great game if you like the genre, but do yourself a favor and play with mouse and keyboardOverall, the design of the game is really good and wonderful. Shooting in different directions while trying to be in the air and slowing time at the same time feels really good and the perk system, although nothing new, you can adjust it to your play styleHowever, the main con for me is the controls. The combat mechanics are twin stick shooter, while using only one stick. You aim and move at the same time. You do have a dedicated button to stand and shoot, but that works only on the groundIn the air, where you spend most of your time either shooting in one direction and move in the same one or the opposite. In the beginning it doesn't really matter, but as the game gets harder it starts to get really frustrating. Because of this I found the game to be very difficult while using the controllerI wish it was a bit tighter and you could jump again right when you hit the wall. Here wall jumps feel a bit off. You don't have to wall jump often, because you have hooks, but some rooms rely heavily on wall jumps, and it gets very frustrating at timesI am an avid controller player when it comes to these games, but I strongly recommend playing this one with mouse and keyboardHowever, ignoring the problems with controls, Flinthook is a fun game to playAlso, it has the best intro ever, periodRECOMMENDED :)"
,Recommended,401710,32355404,Posted: 11 June,all,Pirate Life For Me,Good R.L. game.
76561198028269310,Recommended,401710,31226764,Posted: 18 April,all,Shae Humphries,"Been following this game's development for about a year, Tribute once again raises the bar for pixel art with Flinthook. Everything from the colors to the design of the characters is utterly fantastic. Oh, and it plays incredibly well. What are you waiting for? BUY IT DOOD!"
76561198034183323,Recommended,401710,31348291,Posted: 24 April,all,Vokun,a good Rogue-lite style game
,Recommended,401710,31336386,Posted: 24 April,all,Snurk,TENOUTATEN!
76561198125009959,Recommended,401710,31346046,Posted: 24 April,all,Mayor McFlurgee,Tight controls. Gorgeous art and animations. Fun. Hard. Addictive.
76561198094037989,Recommended,401710,31252480,Posted: 20 April,all,Jiffy,"Its a great game except it crashes randomly at times, like when I am about to finish off a major boss..."
,Recommended,401710,31244560,Posted: 19 April,all,labtob,"Having way too much fun with this :ODunno why, but it reminds me of Bubble Bobble and Bionic Commando.   The music is excellent.  Difficulty seems to ramp up quite nicely after the first stage.Highly recommend, this might be platformer of the year."
,Recommended,401710,31276572,Posted: 21 April,all,Frog,"Great art-style, great music, great core gameplay loop."
,Recommended,401710,34598467,Posted: 29 August,all,AlphaFlare,"Easy to pick up and play, but also not to easy where its super boring, 7/10"
,Recommended,401710,34688429,Posted: 2 September,all,Ne0,"Great game, the platforming is just hard enough to sometimes get ya stuck on a level, the hooking mechanism is perfectly made, the levels are randomized each time which is beautiful, and the enemies are so diverse that at times it's the perfect combination of platforming and combat.Overall, I give this game a 9/10, it's a beautiful game but at times it can be pretty hard, get this game if you're a fan of platformers or rouge-like games"
76561198052938456,Recommended,401710,35084569,Posted: 20 September,all,tchassin,"Cool game! I am not very good at it but it is quite enjoyable!The graphics and music are very nice and even though the controls take some time to (somewhat) master, the gameplay is pretty good. It could use some little improvements, but it's a good overall experience."
,Recommended,401710,31237281,Posted: 19 April,all,'desert,It's a good game. But the menus is so confusing...After clear a stage you can't go back and search in all the areas.Overall it's good but the menus annoying..
,Recommended,401710,31258519,Posted: 20 April,all,Blaségg,I love this game so far! really fun rogue-lite game play loop with permanent upgrades and an interesting hook shot gimmick. Feels a lot like Gungeon but with more focus on mobility rather than weapons. The game pad controls feel less responsive than I'd like but the keyboard and mouse controls are pretty snappy. Highly recommend Flinthook!
,Recommended,401710,33166606,Posted: 2 July,all,FroNo Again,i guess you can say im flintHOOKed on this game.I REGRET EVERYTHING IVE EVER DONE WITH MY LIFE EXCEPT MAKE THIS PURCHASE
76561198309042888,Not Recommended,401710,34693718,Posted: 2 September,all,BOI_Lieutenant enzy,wouldnt work for me as it would freeze on title screen. but apart from that goodgame
76561198061750921,Not Recommended,401710,34753990,Posted: 5 September,all,DeadMan_Playing,"MacOS user, so it's possible my problem here is Mac only.The game keeps crashing. i can't play more than an hour, sometime 5 minutes, without having the game quittin all the sudden.No update since forever, no help on the discussion boards.Sorry, i'm moving on to something else. It's a difficult game, and i could maybe put the time in it to up my skills and master it, because it seems to have lots of content and when it works, it's kinda fun ... but with these constant crash, i simply don't want to.Last time it crashed during the raid completion screen and it costed me all my progress, a ton of xp and boosters. Lame.Also i agree with everybody who commented about invincibility frames.there's no time to correct mistakes, and you lose a ton of HP in a few seconds if you're in a bad spot. it can get very frustrating.Also for an isaac-like, the game is quite stingy about upgrades. Almost everytime you open a chest it's gonna be HP and gold, why ? i want gun upgrade, companions, hp passive ... i just cleared a ""floor is lava"" room full of spike, bombs and lazers ... gimme something dammit !"
,Not Recommended,401710,31407171,Posted: 27 April,all,Clown Bard,"Its really repetitive IMO, same enemies, pretty much the same rooms, even on the second bounty quest the only real difference is a visual change, its was pretty fun for a bit but it really started to fall off for me pretty quickly. Also, the Slo-mo didnt really feel all that nescessary, it could be because i didnt get too far along in the game, but it seemed to have been just a cool thought more than a awesome ""hey everyone look at this feature"" type of thing.Overall its really not amazing and its not terrible, some people will like it. Personally, i didnt enjoy it all that much."
,Recommended,401710,31232732,Posted: 19 April,all,The Big Jumbo,"Some of the most fun you can have with a roguelike, period.The grappling hook is entertaining to use and the slowmo lets you actually have time to use it.This game is incredibly fair compared to other roguelikes, sure there's a bit of difficulty variation, and some rooms are seriously sinistar, but otherwise it's a strong challenge that is doable.The music and graphics are some of the best around, the animations are ridiculously fluid and the maps are gorgeous."
76561198091471359,Recommended,401710,31249069,Posted: 19 April,all,Mutinous Slave,The last remaining member of the klan is a space pirate named Flinthook.  He murders cute little aliens because the space media told him to.  All to a masterpiece soundtrack.  10/10
76561198103643903,Recommended,401710,31448942,Posted: 29 April,all,SirBuppo CSGOGEM.COM,Now look....THIS IS THE BEST ROGUELIKE I'VE EVER PLAYED
,Recommended,401710,34453638,Posted: 23 August,all,Garrett ツ,I think is is a very good relax game doesnt take too much thinking and i like are art style
,Recommended,401710,31248783,Posted: 19 April,all,khanmanjones,is gud
76561198010360964,Recommended,401710,31241848,Posted: 19 April,all,Rexxy,"Very fun, challenging and the sprites and music are top-notch"
,Recommended,401710,31225802,Posted: 18 April,all,.nullf,Looks an plays great so far.
,Not Recommended,401710,31492511,Posted: 1 May,all,jerkin with other dudes,"seems like the devs just put spikes wherever the ♥♥♥♥ they could without wondering if players would even be able to see them.  This game is a visual cluster♥♥♥♥, the level design is very unintuitive, which makes the game way harder than the devs seemingly intended for it to be.  Spikes can also hit you through walls randomly, stationary enemies dont go away after you finish a room, which makes backtracking really annoying.  The minimap is pretty useless because it doesnt tell you where the exit to the room is (like the old binding of isaac).  Mechanics are fun tho, when you can actually pull it off, the hook is fun to use."
76561198040988447,Recommended,401710,31252400,Posted: 20 April,all,TimewarpXD1,2 words I'm hooked
,Not Recommended,401710,31231413,Posted: 18 April,all,Bleach,"EDIT: I initially stated here that I thought Flinthook was a good game with some bad controls getting in the way. I still think the game has wonderful aesthetics, but it has some questionable design decisions in addition to the poor controls.Some areas have jumping challenges that don't involve the grapping hook, and they are made even less fun by the controls. Some rooms have spikes or pits immediately when you enter them. Most rooms are filled with visual clutter. It makes the game look great, but it interferes with your ability to see projectiles, traps, and hazards.The mouse and keyboard controls have two primary problems. The first is the inability to rebind keys. The options menu has a few presets to switch between, but keys can't be individually rebound. I found the settings file that has the controls listed, but I haven't I tried manually changing them yet. The second, and much larger, issue is that your aiming reticle is locked in a set radius around your character. This distance is the same as the range of your hook and attacks, and it is reasonable for a controller. I don't care if my shots are only going to travel a quarter of the screen; I want to move my cursor freely throughout the screen when using a mouse. It feels incredibly awkward and counterintuitive as is.It seems like the game was built around using a controller because that method feels more natural in motion than M&K. The controller has both aiming and movement tied to the left stick, which is rather strange. Ideally, you'd move with the left stick and aim with the right stick, but I guess that would have required more controls, like jumping and shooting, on the triggers than face buttons. This scheme feels like it was chosen for the sake of simplicity rather than because it is the best setup for the game.Even if they do fix the control related issues, I wouldn't recommend this game."
76561197999126875,Not Recommended,401710,31261829,Posted: 20 April,all,Sleepy Zombie,"I didn't find the shooting or platforming any fun, and in a game like this? That's a big problem. Between that and the poor menu UI that left me confused as to what I was getting into, I requested a refund for this game less than an hour after I bought it."
76561198122511778,Not Recommended,401710,31476374,Posted: 30 April,all,shamus13,"Crashes around 30 minutes consistantly on my iMac.  It is the worst kind of unplayable, beacuse I keep on thinking I can play it, but then am cut out at the least opportune moments.  Beyond this problem, it is a terrific game, I hope that they will fix the issues on mac."
76561198115282937,Not Recommended,401710,31322736,Posted: 23 April,all,Henzoo,"I tried really hard to like this game... But everything sets you up for failure, from areas which were impossible to escape from, to GOD DAMN TRI SHOT ENEMIES WHOSE PROJECTILE ARE ALMOST IMPOSSIBLE TO DODGE!!! To hit boxes about 1.5 times the size of the actual enemy / projectile. As I said before I tried really hard to like this game... everything LOOKS appealing from the artstyle, to the art itself, to the general premise of the game and the games mechanics. But honestly the  cons outwiegh the pros, if your very good at this type of game and think you can take the challenge then by all means, buy the game and have fun! But, if you are like me, and aren't the best at this sort of game or games in general, don't buy it. If the developers continue working on the game and they iron out all (Or most) of the big flaws then, you should buy it no matter what. PS: Even though I set ""Do you recommend this game?"" to No I would still give it a 40 / 100 or so."
,Recommended,401710,33300866,Posted: 5 July,all,OhthatDakotah,Its good. play it. thats all.
,Not Recommended,401710,31246149,Posted: 19 April,all,Mikail Yazzy,"Like most Tribute games, they have got the characters and music figured out, BUT then they mess up other crucial things.For this title, whilst it has some nice design and elements in it, it has the following mistakes that pushed me to get a refund:- Combat missing needed punchiness- Something with the movement and shooting feels off, hard to put into words but something is either too floaty or missing something.  It is annoying because this is the closest Tribute Games has come to solving their general gameplay.- Rooms too small many times with too many rooms dedicated to busy work or boring stuff.- They don't highlight the interactive objects enough, nor do they separate the foreground and background elements enough from one another.- Jarring UI and Menus that are either confusing or seem laid out in slightly obtuse manner (its like the menu miscommunicate with the player).  An example of this is the arrows surrounding the shop items, you think you can turnstyle through them.Anyhow, I really wanted to put this into my roguelike love list, but sadly I just can't not when Downwell and Nuclear Throne are so punchy and satisfying."
,Not Recommended,401710,34543725,Posted: 27 August,all,Salty Squid,No explanation of how anything works just tells you how to move and shoot then throws you into a game with an extreamly steep learning curve. which makes the game to frustraiting to enjoy
76561198013252075,Not Recommended,401710,31660338,Posted: 9 May,all,dragonclaw2222,Flint hook is basically a bad mario maker level
76561198194838917,Recommended,401710,34298930,Posted: 16 August,all,cristian_correa1,flinthook was good
76561197997804843,Not Recommended,401710,31833172,Posted: 18 May,all,Gamer 76,"Congratulations developers, you made a cute animation of a clam thing eating the token you win for beating a level.Congratulations developers, you made a nice animation of the hero whistling and an achor dropping from the ceiling.Congratulations developers, you made a nice animation of the completed level blowing up with a circular shockwave.Congratulations developers, you made a nice animation of a hook extending from the players spaceship which brings him to the next level.All of these animations are SO good that all Flinthook players should definitely be forced to watch them every single time they beat a level.Definitely don't make this sequence skippable, even though the game's roguelite design pretty much requires the player to view this sequence hundreds of times in order to beat the game, and the sequence never changes.Who cares if each one of these takes up 30 second's of the player's time?  Their time isn't valuable.What's important is they really get to absorb what awesome animators you are."
76561198091024389,Not Recommended,401710,32646093,Posted: 22 June,all,martincerdeira,Controls suck.
76561198067984485,Not Recommended,401710,31247768,Posted: 19 April,all,stuff ur face,"Really wanted to like this game, but there are a lot of problems. The first being that it doesn't really explain some of it's mechanics that well. It leaves out info why certain things might be important that you need to pay attention to. The other things that make this game a refund case is that the combat is not satisfying. The game relies on its grapple hook mechanic to do all the heavy lifting but other than that, killing enemies just isn't that fun.The problem that broke the camel's back was the menu design. It wasn't very clear and was complicated to understand.Pass on this one, which is too bad. Really love the art style though and for reference, I liked Enter the Gungeon and Risk of Rain"
76561198044966196,Not Recommended,401710,31309812,Posted: 22 April,all,Rape Face69,this game needs double jumping before i can recomend it
,Not Recommended,401710,31267663,Posted: 20 April,all,Pimparoo,a
76561198053242058,Not Recommended,401710,31333832,Posted: 23 April,all,DrZigZagMD,"Super ♥♥♥♥ This Game. Git Good? Git Good My Nuts.Perma-Death,♥♥♥♥♥♥Packs, NON STOP GRINDING, and ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t prices in the Black Market.Flint Hook this in♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198188279585,Recommended,401710,33231528,Posted: 4 July,all,scoutknightX,"I do have to say, the idea of mixing several mechanics to make an interesting game is actually very fun, I did have a challenge the first time of every bossfight so far, not all the way there yet... Every perk makes the game interesting in it's own way."
76561198127360702,Recommended,401710,33096031,Posted: 1 July,all,Stuxi,"I've seen a lot of people complaining about the lack of gameplay, the messed up perk system, and a lot more.From my experience so far, you shouldn't really care about dieing and useless perks. Every death is a step further to victory. This game can be infuriating, but amazing at the same time, everytime i died, i wanted to try and try again.Pros:Amazing graphics. The art and rogue style looks beautiful.Awesome music. While playing and fighting, you don't really hear the music because there's a lot going on, but because the music is so recognizable your automaticly play it in the back of your head.Lore. The story is fairly simple, you (the ""good guy"") fight against the ""bad guys"" and the more and more you play you discover more about the story.Cons:Time of invincibility after a hit, it's too short. You can make this longer with a perk, but it should be longer by default.Amount of modifiers on a ship. sometimes it occured to me that i had 3 the same modifiers, and 2 or 3 others, this is basicly too much, and if it's a modifier like Platoon on board (= 1 extra wave per battle room), means you have +3 waves per battle room.Traps. the concept is great, you step on a pressure plate, laser sensor etc, you possibly take damage. but they tend to blend in with the envoirment too well. this makes a challenge, but also an big annoyance.After bosses, traps in the room are still there. It happened a lot to me in the end. i beated a boss and i was at low health, the room still was full of traps, and it was really tricky to dodge. of course, this is my own fault too, but this shouldn't occur.My overall experience is that i still didn't beat the game, but i still love and enjoy it. everytime i die, i kind of ragequit, but after 5 minutes i want to play again, that makes for me a good game."
76561197971877162,Recommended,401710,32266115,Posted: 8 June,all,Asses of Fire,"Steam needs a neutral option becuase flinthook is a so so roguelite.  Each run feels slightly different in the same way when I♥♥♥♥♥♥in the morning, my♥♥♥♥♥♥comes out my♥♥♥♥♥slightly different.Each run is fairly monotonous and dull.  You really need to be good with the hook shot or you will rage quit from falling into hazards.  Hazards....yes.  These things, such as floor spikes will get you quite often as the triggering mechanism for them is barely visible.  As it should be right?  I mean, if you're setting up traps in your dungeon, you don't make them totally visible.  But, in a game that's fast paced like flinthook, it just gets aggravating when you fall on one of these and don't notice it.I dont know, the music and aethetic are fantastic.  Gameplay leaves much to be desired."
,Recommended,401710,32007189,Posted: 27 May,all,RythTheFatYoshi,"I love the game, and it's just about what I want from a rogue-like. The traps seem unfair at times and the controls are really only good on mouse and keyboard, but the soundtrack, graphics, gameplay, and overall charm makes up for it in the long run."
,Recommended,401710,32141048,Posted: 2 June,all,Devencire,"Slick, polished, a barrel of fun: this is a great roguelite platformer. In particular, the movement using the titular hook is very satisfying - combined with the rapidly recharging slow motion ability it allows precise navigation and daring escapes. The difficulty ascends smoothly, the persistent unlocking of perk choices lets you specialise (or cover for your weaknesses) at the start of each run, and picking up extra random perks and (optionally) curses during a run adds pleasing unpredictability.Plus, Flinthook is adorable. This is probably the cutest and most inoffensive game I've played all year, and it's lovely for being that.Note that this game doesn't have infinite depth or hundreds of hours of content. Instead, it gives you the satisfaction of mastering the relatively small pool of enemies and room layouts (while rooms are placed randomly to build a map, and while there are many versions of rooms to offer different levels of challenge, the base room layouts become quickly recognisable). Similarly, while there are only a handful of bosses, they all reward precise and agile play; facing them again is a fun challenge, not a hassle.I highly recommend using the 'Pro' control scheme if using a controller, as the game functions much better as a dual-stick platformer. (The mouse and keyboard controls are fine too!)"
76561198120875132,Recommended,401710,31280745,Posted: 21 April,all,fonfon,"i'm crying right now, this is beautifull.I do think it's worth it's price, gogogo don't hesitate ! (as long as you like roguelikes like rogue legacy)"
,Recommended,401710,31278450,Posted: 21 April,all,techknight,"This is more of an early impression than a review, but I want to call out how much I immediately love the movement in this game. I'm using a gamepad and it's really comfortable for zipping around and shooting in slow-motion."
76561198042681871,Recommended,401710,31260750,Posted: 20 April,all,Harrison,There is a lot of hook!
76561198008737297,Recommended,401710,31256085,Posted: 20 April,all,TheAveragePerson,"Controls are a bit perculiar:On keyboard there isn't a cursor, instead it's based on direction and the mouse is locked around the player.On controller the move and aim is controlled by the same joystick, it's a bit hard to control and could've done with being customisable (or different modes being avaliable) since I'd definitely prefer twin stick use.However, the game is fun to play and the art is stunning! It's worth the cost and I'm enjoying the game a lot."
,Recommended,401710,31302111,Posted: 22 April,all,Colex,"Difficulty is high, controls are tight, level design is solid. Pick up and put down in 10 minutes, or play for hours. Great game."
76561198138874501,Recommended,401710,31330310,Posted: 23 April,all,_Gei_Boi_,Wonderful game love evry bit of it except for one minor glitch with no idea how tp fix it. every few second a streak of black flashes on the screen depending on where my character is. its almost like a screen rip and it is very annoying and imersion breaking please resolves other than that wonderful do recomend.
,Recommended,401710,31306337,Posted: 22 April,all,Cosmic,"This game is ♥♥♥♥ing amazing, nothing else left to be said."
76561197998396428,Recommended,401710,31324138,Posted: 23 April,all,ptc,Excellent!
,Recommended,401710,31323951,Posted: 23 April,all,Polantaris,"I'm happy this game appeared on my front page one day on the Steam Store, because it is very fun but basically unheard of completely.Flinthook is a single player rogue-lite action platformer game. The idea is pretty simple, you traverse randomly generated ""ships"", looting them for their treasure. In the normal campaign ships, after a certain amount of randomly generated ships you get a ""bounty"" that leads to a boss fight. There are four of these. There's also an endless mode you unlock after the second boss.  Before each ship you can choose between three, each with specified difficulties and special rooms. Then the map is randomly generated and you explore the map, looking for the big treasure which finishes the map.The game is very fun, and pretty well polished in a mechanic standpoint, but there are some flaws that need to be looked at, however I don't think they prevent the game from being enjoyable and should be rather simple to fix. I suspect in a few months the issues will be resolved.There's a color saturation issue that really causes you to take damage that you otherwise wouldn't in a rogue-like/lite like Rogue Legacy. Spikes are almost impossible to see on a quick scan of the room you're in, and very often you will take damage simply because you didn't see that spiky ball you just ran into. It's not because you didn't look, it's because there's basically nothing that distinguishes one aspect of the room from another. There's no real indication that it's a spiky ball unless you're looking for that specific sprite. It's really quite frustrating, especially since said sprite changes with each room, causing it to be pretty easy to run into death accidentally. This problem can be applied to traps also, especially the beam lasers that activate when you walk into their line of sight. The line that indicates where they will fire melds into the background and often all of a sudden I'm getting shot and I don't know why, then I realize that there's a ton of these traps and I never saw them because they melded into the screen.The game is designed to be a ""run-and-gun"" type shooter. You shouldn't really ever be sitting still. This is facilitated through a ""hookshot"" mechanic where you can jump around between various points with chains on the map. This is fine, and very fun, but the problem is that enemies can sometimes spawn with ""bubbles"" that require you to hook them to destroy before you can do any damage, and these enemies are often surrounded by chains, making it impossible to actually hit them with the hookshot. You often hook the nearest chain and launch yourself into the enemy. The game prioritizes the chains over enemy bubbles, making the issue 10x worse. I've died more times than I've counted due to this issue.If you're on controller, you cannot aim-lock while in the air, which is just awful, as you're supposed to be in the air at almost all times. Add on that aim and move is on the same analog stick, which is fine except that since you can't aim-lock in the air, it's pretty difficult to aim shots while in the air while avoiding bullets. This isn't an issue with KB+M, but this game really has a couch-controller feel to it and so, regardless of what the developers suggest (which is KB+M), it's an issue I hope they resolve.Perks you can buy in stores don't explain what they do until after you buy them. This might be intentional, but it kinda sucks. I suppose this is something that will go away as you get more familiar with the icons and names, but I thought to point it out anyway.Some of the rooms feel just poorly designed, especially arena rooms that get trap spawns on waves, it doesn't feel like every trap wave was fleshed out for every room which can cause some nearly impossible trap situations, which can be frustrating. For example, there's a trap that shoots 4 lightning balls in a + formation then in an x formation, then repeats. This trap is usually put in large rooms, but sometimes when they come with arena waves they can be placed in high number in tiny rooms, which makes the room basically impossible to navigate.For the positive aspects of the game, it's pretty fun.You get persistent buffs as you play, which is why this is a rogue-lite and not a rogue-like. At the end of a run you get EXP, and additionally during your run you get green skull coins. The coins are used to buy permanent buffs in the Black Market from the main menu. The XP unlocks more items in the Black Market which allows you to get more permanent buffs. This is pretty decent, and makes for a fun game. I think it meshes well with the gameplay.The option of picking the ships you wish to raid is pretty interesting. There's all kinds of different special mechanics for each ship, and the choice makes the game more enjoyable because in a way, you've brought your punishment on yourself.The gameplay is fast-paced and keeps you on your toes.I hope this game picks up more attention. It's really fun but at the moment feels like it appeared out of nowhere and will soon just fizzle out, and I hope that doesn't happen. With some attention to post-release issues, the game can end up very fun and a cult classic similar to Binding of Isaac."
,Recommended,401710,31315487,Posted: 23 April,all,rokku,"A fun rogue-like action platformer. Good controls, fun mechanics, great pixel art style!To be honest, I'm personally not the biggest fan of this room-by-room gameplay, I would have preferred more open side scrolling platformer or metroidvania to this. Another problem seems to be that when you use a controller, you use the left stick to both move and aim, while right stick isn't used at all. This means that sometimes you just want to aim at an enemy, especially in the air, and end up moving around when you don't want to. Weirdly enough, if you use mouse+keyboard, you move with the keyboard and aim with the mouse. This pretty much means you can pull of much finer movements with mouse+keyboard. So playing with a controller puts you in a disadvantage. I hope this will be fixed and that the devs would introduce alternate dual stick control scheme for those who want it.The graphics are really well made pixel art, but there are some problems. In the middle of the action it can be hard hard to see the difference between foreground and the background. The world graphics should have been simpler so they would serve the gameplay better. Also some traps are really hard to see, like the spikes.Still, this is a good game and recommended for retro action fans."
76561198069070206,Recommended,401710,31328711,Posted: 23 April,all,adamant94,"Very nice, dynamic and exciting. Totally would recomend.P.s. Crashes on Mac OS pretty often, which is very disappointing :( . Won't give up on that, anyway."
76561198040593746,Recommended,401710,31343307,Posted: 24 April,all,Avant_Tarde,This is a very solid rouge lite. If you liked rogue legacy this game is similar enough to recommend and different enough not to feel like an imitation.
,Recommended,401710,31348218,Posted: 24 April,all,Sergeant Sauce,"I'm absolutely loving this game right now, get it, support the dev, and pray for continued support and expanse of this game. I could see this one going a long way if properly supported by the dev and community!Pros:--> Art--> Music--> Movement Mechanics--> Difficulty / Learning Curve--> ""Rouge Legacy"" mechanic (incremental improvement implemented well)--> Relatively quick run-timeCons:--> Could definitely use some more contrast between the background, foreground, and enemies (It can be difficult to distinguish between them)--> Screen can get cluttered at times with the random block surroundings (Maybe decrease the randomization a bit)--> Aiming and walking on the same analog stick feels a bit weird and cause more bad damage than I'd like to admit... (This one may just be a matter of getting good but an alternate, more traditional control option would be appreciated)"
76561198119037630,Recommended,401710,31352325,Posted: 25 April,all,sirwartortle,"Love the artstyle, and in terms of gameplay ""trickshotting"" enemies while flying through the air with your hook is amazing! Yes it took me roughly 2 hours to finally complete my first bounty, but that kind of challenge is certainly welcome! I guess one wouldn't expect a game about space pirates to be easy. See you, space cowboy..."
,Recommended,401710,31352326,Posted: 25 April,all,CharliCharmant,"Nice although quite classical Rogue-like meddled with plateformer mechanics and traps ; definitly worth the price : nice graphic style, great music and sound design. the game maybe lacks a bit of a sense of progress character-wise (not enough gameplay variation, mostly when it comes to the primary weapon) but I may have not played long enough to see the end of it. The game's difficulty is high as expected from its genre.Really recommended, good for quick and long sessions"
,Recommended,401710,31230126,Posted: 18 April,all,Merlin,"Great game, tight controls and a bunch of stuff to unlock, doesn't feel like you're constantly repeating the same levels. Hard but fair difficulty."
76561198041794914,Recommended,401710,31227414,Posted: 18 April,all,ParadoxBoss,This game is super fun!Great soundtrackGreat artstyleLoads of personalityGrappling around feels fluidThe only issues with the game are unskippable (but very short) cutscenes and the inability to rebind the controls.8/10 If you like roguelites and platforming this is a great value
,Recommended,401710,31229359,Posted: 18 April,all,noob sola,"Great rogue-lite platformer with tight controls, challenging and fun gameplay, daily and weekly challenges w/ leaderboards, and a healthy XP-based metagame to keep you coming back even after you lose. Highly recommended!"
76561198083757591,Recommended,401710,31229149,Posted: 18 April,all,Gunner,"Flinthook is definetely one of the best 2D platformers of the recent years and deserves your money and time. Just by looking at it you can tell that a lot of effort and heart was put into this project. The world that is built around the game is very interesting and intriguing, you can definetely feel this adventurous atmosphere. Controls are very fluid and it is actually surprising. Usually playing platformers on keyboard is just a suffering, but here I am enjoying it a lot. Now, of course the game is not perfect. Tutorial does explain basic mechanics, but then you see a lot of obstacles and enemies on the first level and you will not know what to do unless you die a few times and go ""Oh, I guess THAT'S what I should have done"". Of course, some hardcore gamers will like it, but for me it was annoying. Also, I feel like some of the obstacles blend in with the background and because of that you can make a lot of mistakes, which is also not good. But overall, I am enjoying it so much."
,Recommended,401710,31229390,Posted: 18 April,all,[SG] Zephyrum,"Outstanding production quality, gameplay, and game feel.  Great soundtrack, animation, art, design -- you name it.  Unsure of the length of the game's story, but there's enough randomly generated areas, booster pack-style powerups, and hard modes to keep me entertained for a while.  A steal at full price, and quite generous for it to be discounted at launch.  If you're a fan of rogue-likes or rogue-lites, you'll find a good time here especially.  Great game, Tribute!The only ""complaint"" I have is I would love to have the ability to aim with the right stick on controller.  Left stick works well enough with the slow-down mechanic, but doesn't allow the precision that I believe the right stick would offer."
,Recommended,401710,31229648,Posted: 18 April,all,Ghoul,"Pretty solid roguelite. A bit similar to rogue legacy. Tough but fair dificulty, awesome music, tight controls, and addicting gameplay."
,Recommended,401710,31244148,Posted: 19 April,all,MSHB,- Cute Art- Good and Fun Gameplay- Good RogueLike Game
,Recommended,401710,31244873,Posted: 19 April,all,RIVALMOB,"Fun quick side scrolling shooter, kinda reminds me of Rouge Legacy. Wish there were more hidden secrets and rooms but the combat is fun, fair and there quite a bit different enemy types."
,Recommended,401710,31243606,Posted: 19 April,all,Boss Baby,I love the music and atmosphere. Pretty cool game even though the rooms get reused and time to time you get rooms you've already explored
76561198087261520,Recommended,401710,31244196,Posted: 19 April,all,bballty115,"This game is awesome, so glad I bought it! Its got so much of the things I love from a game! Glad I found it!"
76561198077527765,Recommended,401710,31253465,Posted: 20 April,all,茶叶蛋很疼,"the game is really good, however I seem to experience some kind of crash problem on macOS....It's really frustrating....could  u please check it out if possible?  I defeat the first boss and before I could get my reward it crashed....Hope it would be fixed soon."
76561198030993700,Recommended,401710,31264702,Posted: 20 April,all,wwwolf,"Really nice game, hard but fun and interesting. Only one thing that I don't like is the thing that you aim with the same stick that you move and sometimes your hook drags you to the enemies... but I can't think of any solution for this."
,Recommended,401710,31453495,Posted: 29 April,all,ejf328,The main hookshot mechanic is very entertaining. The animation and sound is very punchy and pleasing. If you like 2D roguelikes then I recommend this.
76561198041480315,Recommended,401710,31409544,Posted: 27 April,all,locotloki,"Its fun but it could be better. To be honest, as I played through the game, I felt a sense of unfulfillment that I never got from games like Enter the Gungeon or The Binding of Issac. Maybe because the perks, while usefull, don't really have the same flash or add the same level of game changeing power that can make a run succeed or fail. I would most likely recommend the game for people bored with their other Roguelike games and want something new to try out. You will have fun, but how long that fun will last is up to you."
76561198019904534,Recommended,401710,31533833,Posted: 3 May,all,Maik,"fun game WITH A KEYBOARDfor some reason the devs picked a wierd control scheme that makes using a game pad down right impossible since you cannot aim and move in different directions yet pretty much everything after level 3 requires it.TLDR IF YOU USE MOUSE AND KEYBOARD BUY, IF YOU USE GAMEPAD DONT."
,Not Recommended,401710,31533884,Posted: 3 May,all,Maktaka,"A great traversal system with maps crammed full of enough traps to ensure you'll avoid spending anything more than the minimum time using it to clear the mission. Awful mouse-aim that wishes it was a gamepad thumbstick instead of a cursor. A movement action that doubles as a combat action and lacks the precision to do both, resulting in plenty of unnecessary damage. The game requires a lot out of you, but the biggest hurdle is the game's bad controls that can't live up to its own demands."
,Recommended,401710,31527335,Posted: 3 May,all,Xiokasane,"For such a budget price I got such a fun little game. After a few failed early runs the control scheme just starts to click and you get into the zone. Once you understand the mechanics of the game and how to avoid certain death trap rooms it can start to feel a little easy, but there are plenty of options to challange yourself. I still have the hard modes to complete and I'm looking forward to it. The music is top notch."
76561198102560874,Recommended,401710,31566252,Posted: 5 May,all,187,"So, I've been a big fan of Tribute Games for years now. I recently finished my master and being broke af you sure know what I did first to celebrate... I Buyed Flinthook of course....... So yeah this is not a review, just wanted to say that I finished my master :D.!.!.PS: The game is excellent."
,Recommended,401710,31581824,Posted: 6 May,all,AndyKoopa,Great game!
,Recommended,401710,31593950,Posted: 6 May,all,Ludicrous G. Gibs,"Fantastic game! I'm a huge fan of run-based games like Isaac, Ruin of the Reckless and so on, and this scratches the same itch. It's got a really charming art style, great music and the hook-swinging gameplay keeps everything feeling fresh. I actually bought a second copy for a friend and she reports having a great time with it as well.Kudos to the devs!"
,Recommended,401710,31608891,Posted: 7 May,all,Vikeyev,"its a lot of fun, but unlike enter the gungeon and its likes. the diversity of gameplay is really shallow.There is an unfair amount of traps in the game that will kick your♥♥♥♥♥more then the enemies will.sadly with only a single weapon to play with and only 4 subweapons. your adventuring kit is really tiny and wont change your gameplay at all troughout the hours of raiding ships.Because of the small amount of weapons you can aquire the only diverse mechanic in the game is your perk bar.unfortunately most perks that will change your gameplay will cost almost half your perk bar and leave very very little to costumize.I would still say this game is worth a buy.if the price is to much for you, wait till a sale. otherwise get the game and enjoy~"
76561198014234807,Recommended,401710,31546360,Posted: 4 May,all,(╯°□°)︵ =✄,"I really like this game, BUT..    I have 3 problems with the game.1. A little one, but still a problem, the upgrades are a bit boring.2. Sometimes you can not avoid damage, like when you enter a room.3. Some traps require, pixel perfect dodging, so you don't take damage, which seems unrealistic."
76561197966220557,Recommended,401710,31483353,Posted: 1 May,all,BlackSheep13,"This is a great little roguelite. A good sense of humour and some nice retro graphics get this game off to a promsing start. It doesn't get too repetitive although after a few plays, some room repetition is noticeable.The only bad point I have about this game is an important one. The controls. When using a controller I wish the shooting mechanic in this game was on the right joystick instead of aiming with the left and shooting with A/X button. It does get very finicky.A small flaw in an otherwise very playable little game.I would recommend."
,Recommended,401710,31502850,Posted: 2 May,all,Zimster,+ Great Music+ Fun Mechanics+ Nice Level Design+ Looks Great+ Good Upgrade System+ Daily/Weekly Challenges- Mouse/Keyboard >>> Controller to manoeuvre around without taking stupid damage
,Recommended,401710,31514428,Posted: 2 May,all,FreakinSatch,"Tight platforming, great (but not dated-feeling) retro graphics."
,Recommended,401710,31517566,Posted: 2 May,all,Big Boy Jones,"A rougelite platforming shooter with a grapple mechanic and tough-as-nails gameplay is good enough for me. This game's art is on point, it's insanely colorful and pops out in a good way. The quickhook is really satisfying and it's stupidly fun to go full-on Spiderman on everything. Only problem is the hazards blend in a little too well, which is annoying."
,Recommended,401710,31425977,Posted: 28 April,all,LEGONINJAWARRIOR99,"Jk, gud game."
76561198105393852,Not Recommended,401710,31726736,Posted: 13 May,all,Otimel,"Sadly i hoped this game would be fun but there is no variety. You play the same levels again and again, against the same ennemies, with the same weapon and subweapons. The power-ups are ""meh"" they're just +10hp, more crits etc... You don't have any feeling of powering_up!The art is great but there is this little problem...hasardous elements are blending too well in the background! You end up taking damages from spiked-floor barely visible, or spiky balls hidden in cornes, or spikes located right where you fall after entering the room. I ended up dying way more because of the room than because of the enemies.I feel that the creators wished to make a great game but it's too meh...i wish there would be a middle option between positive and negative ."
76561197972266460,Recommended,401710,31740463,Posted: 13 May,all,Twosday,"This is one of the better games that I am saddened to be unable to continue playing.Flinthook is an interesting take on the side scroller, with hookshot style traversal and rogue-like elements in the forms of a ""loadout"" you set at the beginning of the game.The core gameplay is really top notch. You can fling yourself around a room while blasting away at enemies and grabbing coins to buy health and powerups. It's really well done and on a technical level I really admire it.BUTIt's really, really, really hard. I play difficult action and rogue-likes on a routine basis and flat out cannot tolerate how difficult this game is. Room after room I would be absolutely shredded by the unforgiving traps and insane precision required to make progress, and at a point I just quit and uninstalled, and haven't looked back.It's a great game, but if you struggle with hard games I can't stress enough how brutal this game is, and advise looking up some videos of it before purchase."
,Recommended,401710,31751037,Posted: 14 May,all,ZeProfessional,"This game has quickly risen to be one of my favorite games of all time. It is extremely satisfying and is the only game in my entire library that has driven me to complete it to 100%. The only negative thing I can say about this game is how short it is. After only about 15 hours of play, I was able to complete the true ending of the game. I would hope that they add other bounties or events that lengthen the core gameplay, but honestly, I don't expect it. Still, this game is a great buy for $15."
76561198066326466,Not Recommended,401710,31798188,Posted: 16 May,all,MOISTURIZE ME,"At first I really enjoyed the game, jumping from hook to hook while doing slo-mo shots is pretty fun. As the game progresses I found that the same thing almost always happened, I would be doing good and all of the sudden I get to a really poorly balanced room that becomes exponentionally more difficult that intended because of the modifiers. Usually the rooms that give a chest are 3-4 waves which are moderatly hard, but occasionally it's 6-7 waves which all are brutally difficult. Its so annoying because most rooms are made too easy, so to compensate a single room will do 50+ damage.I got pretty stuck on the solid laser dude who also hides in his machiene because the first time I had lterally never seen the hook blockers and died. They had never been explained thorugh the game and I assumed that they just meant I couldn't hook them, not that they could actually hurt me. Each time I wanted to pratice the boss I had to go through 5 mostly easy floors that just took a long time. Most items do little to nothing and it feels pointless to grab coins because you need so damn many.Overall the mechanics are great when they are in their optimanl scenario, the game isn't bad, it is just eh"
76561198170202491,Recommended,401710,34452336,Posted: 23 August,all,The Box-Crab,a fast pased 2d shooter with lots of grinding. I LOVE IT
76561198053853102,Recommended,401710,34483472,Posted: 25 August,all,Toast,"This game is great.Nothing feels left out, except maybe a difficulty setting other than impossible."
76561198163310965,Not Recommended,401710,31345432,Posted: 24 April,all,Oh Dang!,Using the hook isnt very satisfying and the pixel art is not great.
