user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198126520825,Recommended,401810,29685105,Posted: 3 February,all,gretgor42,"I've been playing this game since the very, very early versions of the Early Access release, before cameras and costumes were a thing, but I've taken a long, long time to write a review, mostly because I'm having a hard time to fully express my feelings about this game. There are way too many things to talk about, which means this is going to be a rather lengthy review, and it might also be all over the place due to the amount of stuff that comes to mind, but let's dive right in.I've spent most of my teenage years and all of my early adulthood wishing for the ""perfect"" 3D platformer, one that combined most of the things I like in a single, awesome package. I dreamed of a game with a rich, vast world to explore. It had to have a lot of secrets and tricks to discover, but it also had to have well designed platforming and action to boot, and the atmosphere had to evoke feelings of childlike wonderment and adventurous endeavors in boththe soundtrack, the visuals and the story. The characters had to be adorable and stylish, and the gameplay had to be smooth and thrilling.It goes without saying that the game I dream of still doesn't exist, and it may never exist. I'd never expect, however, that of all the developers that exist worldwide, the one that'd come the closest to fulfilling my dreams would be PolyKid, an indie studio that clearly puts a lot of love into its creations. By creating Poi, they came closer to making the game of my dreams than all high profile studios put together. From the beginning to the end of my experience, it constantly marveled me, making me feel immersed in a world of wonders in the shoes of an eager, brave and fun loving child ready to see the world from up close and explore every inch of it.Let me start by saying that this game sounds amazing. Every tidbit, from the awesome soundtrack (speaking of which, the airship songs are some of my favorite video game songs ever), to the characters' exclamations when they jump, to the grunting noises made by the enemies. All of that put together helps create a perfectly cartoony, adorable, but also epic and adventurous atmosphere throughout the entire game.The graphics are not highly detailed nor realistic, but the endearing cartoonish style they go for is just perfect for the feeling of childlike wonderment I so wished to find in a 3D platformer. They look beautiful, and go perfectly well with the feel of the story and the gameplay. Every level element, every character and every object contribute to this cartoony atmosphere, making me feel like I'm playing an awesome saturday morning cartoon with a hell of a soundtrack to boot.Speaking of characters, this game has plenty, and while neither of them are very deep or emotionally complex, they're all lovely and very well designed. Each character has their personality perfectly reflected in their outfits, their cartoony expressions and their dialogs. There's the hide and seek girl, the old explorer guy, the spaceship engineer, the penguins, and many others. I especially like the female protagonist, who's featured in many adorable loading screen drawings, doing things like listening to a sea shell or relaxing by a tree, and the challenge levels guy, with his stern expression and tribal facepaint. The characters are exactly what one would expect to see in an awesome saturday morning cartoon about adventure and exploration. Nothing too deep and psychological, but still endearing and stylish.Now, of course, even the most adorable game is not that great if the gameplay is not good, right? Right. Thankfully, Poi delivers in the gameplay department even moreso than in the others. Every level is rich in secrets and places to explore, the missions are legitimately fun to accomplish, and the 3D platforming is rich and exhilarating. The 3D platforming, in particular, is something I feel that Poi does a lot better than most non-indie games I've played, due to how ""free"" one feels when exploring a level, jumping around, and finding different paths to a same objective. Each objective and item you have to pick up has many alternative routes that lead to them, some involving running and jumping, others involving enemy bashing, etcetera.The level themes are nothing new or original, but that doesn't really matter. They're varied enough: deserts, canyons, snowy fields, dark caves, etcetera. All of those themes are very well represented in both the graphics and the music. What really matters to me is that every level is well designed in spite of the simple and even cliche themes.The sheer variety in missions, levels and objectives is also pretty cool. You may dig for fossils, locate landmarks, take pictures of different animals, run against the clock, fly through rings, collect tokens, face batches of bad guys all at once, defeat evil bosses, find your way through mazes and overall be a badass. None of the mission types are exactly unheard of, but the fact that all of them are perfectly represented in this game, in very well designed and fun levels, is almost a dream come true.Our heroes may acquire a set of tools to help them along their quest to become master explorers, like a camera to take the aforementioned pictures, a shovel to dig the aforementioned fossils, and a compass to locate the aforementioned tokens and landmarks. Those little tools add yet an extra layer of variety to the game, albeit a thin one, and they make the whole experience richer in the long run.The story is not the richest and deepest story of all time, but it doesn't have to be. In fact, if it were, it'd probably break the free and whimsical feel of the game. The story is good enough for a saturday morning cartoon - I can't believe I'm mentioning saturday morning cartoons again - but far from a Tolkien-esque masterpiece. It's not bad, and it serves its purpose nicely. A more complex story would be out of place in this game.I know this review is a mess, and kind of all over the place, it's just that I find it hard to present my opinions on this game in an orderly and organized fashion. Even as I wrap this review up, I know I'm going to think of something else to talk about later, and I'll regret not having put it here. I hope I've been clear in one thing, though: that this game is very close to being the game I've always dreamed of, and if you like exploration, adventure and action, you should do yourself a favor and grab a copy of this right now.I wish I could give a larger thumbs up than the mere ""yes"" thumb that's given to us in this formulary."
,Recommended,401810,29710245,Posted: 4 February,all,Guerilla Grue,"Do you miss the days of Gex, Mario 64, and Banjo Kazooie? Then miss them no more, because Poi is an excellent modern take on the genre.The game looks good (if, basically, like a high def take on a game from 15 years ago,) plays well, and has interesting characters and levels -- not too big, not too small. Hit and edge detection can be a bit iffy at times, which is a real problem in a precision platformer, but Poi's gotten a lot better about that than it was in beta, so I'm sure time will see that fixed too, and the game offers enough leniency through the ability to chain wall and double jumps that only the worst mistakes are truly unrecoverable.Fun, clever, and cute as heck, Poi is definitely worth the asking price."
,Recommended,401810,29639794,Posted: 1 February,all,㉿ҾŁǞЧՁθ,"Fun! i knew it was insipired by super mario 64 after seeing the trailernice clean colorful graphics and tight controls of course more responsive than the classic n64 title, the camera movement does not cause issues neither.nice tribute!"
76561198041973673,Recommended,401810,31004716,Posted: 7 April,all,Red Salamando,"It's literally Super Mario 64Now, thats not exactly a bad thing, but with it comes everythingbadwith it.Game ReviewThe BadNot to start this review off on the wrong foot, but there are a LOT of bugs in this game. Some good, some REALLY ANNOYING.Usually people read reviews to learn why they shouldn't buy a game, rather than why they should. Scroll a bit lower for the ""good"" things about this game.To start off: Sometimes your button inputs dont connect and you miss a double jump, or better yet, you slid off a very miniscule edge and thatwasyour double jump.Enemy hitboxes areabsurd, to the point were you're more likely to get damaged trying to kill them, rather than just running past them. Rolling into them has a very small ""hit"" time, so at the end of your roll you'll get damaged if you miss-time it. Infact, theres a lot of points where you roll into them, kill the enemy, and you still get damaged.On top of all this, a lot of the world edges are easily abusable by slide-canceling(?) on and off to get to a lot of out of reach objectives.Keep in mind, it's an indie clone of SM64, so this includes SM64 camera angles and control. There are some very small segments in the game where the camera just goes ballistic.Let's just say, anything enemy based isn't this games strong point.Bosses are pathetic or rng. The final boss has incredibly hard to dodge attacks and it attacks way too inconsistantly compared to what you're supposed to be doing.BUT THATS OK.The game is clearly meant to be a kids game, and from my perspective, it excells at it.In its platforming.The REALLY REALLY GoodThere is a plethora of things to collect.A lot of them.The in-game checklist is pretty above average, with101 medallions, 50 golden gears, 36 fossils,and ton of locations to find in each of the 4 stages. Theres a couple of minigames and challenge stages too. It's a completionist's paradise. It's a fresh new SM64 to collect. Every levels medallion has a leaderboard accompanying it,so if you're into speedrunning platformers for times that dont mean anything in a childrens videogame, this is probably for you.The music is really good, and the level designs are,Well... above average. Though they are very fun to platform around.The entire thing is a charming and fun game to play on a weekend afternoon if you want some collect-a-thon action.Achievement ReviewThe only achievement you have to go out of your way for, outside of 100%'ing the game, isNG+.While it sounds like it'll be easy, its... medium.Youre given 1 health and have to play the entire game again, mirrored.You dont even have to 100% it again.A lot of the difficulty comes from the final boss who, as I've said before, is really obnoxious."
76561198065408546,Recommended,401810,30892091,Posted: 1 April,all,szarkamichael,"I'll keep it short and sweet.  Poi was super fun to play!+ Mechanics are great; super fluid+ Level design is enjoyable and there is actually quite a lot of content once you get out of the Canyon+ Nostalgic; if you are looking for a modern Mario 64, stop looking+ Quite a few secret collectibles but nothing so obtuse that it would take forever to find+ Camera does a great job of being a non-factor while playing... for cameras in these kinds of games that is HUGE- A little too easy; would have liked it even more if it had more teeth- The boss fights are atrocious...  honestly some of the worst boss fights I've ever seen- The terrible boss fights deserve another mentionAll in all it's a very fun but easy game with s**t boss fights.Worth the price and worth playing if you are pining for a solid 3D platformer."
76561198009379608,Recommended,401810,30392753,Posted: 8 March,all,Gabmucs,"TL;DR: (Detailed Review below)Poi is an accessible, light-hearted 3D-Platformer that attempts to recapture the charm and appeal of classic 3D-Platformers and succeeds for the most part with this premise, primarily due to tight controls and good leveldesign. While I think that seasoned genre veterans will get the most out of Poi, it is also suitable for people who are not very familiar with the classic games that inspired it, as it is more on the easy side of things difficulty-wise.-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------IntroductionThe year 2017 pretty much looks like a sort of renaissance for the more open-world-style 3D-Platforming""collectathon""subgenre that was most prominent in the 90s (think Super Mario 64 and Banjo-Kazooie): With games like""Yooka-Laylee""and""A Hat in Time""arriving in the near future, both of which possess a lot of internet popularity for a very long time now, without even being released yet, it was a real surprise for me to see another 3D-Platformer very sneakily entering the steam store earlier this year; and this platformer was of course Poi.Overview/StorySo the game tells a pretty simple story about two kids that go on an adventure to find a legendary treasure called the ""Milky Way Globe"". You thus play as one of the kids (boy or girl) and explore four big worlds and a good number of smaller ones, trying to find as many of the main collectibles (which are called explorer medallions) as possible, since they enable you to unravel the mysteries of the ""Milky Way Globe"". The story is indeed rather forgettable here and just gives you a reason to explore and collect stuff, but this is fine in this context.Graphics/Visual Design (8/10)The visuals are pleasing to look at and very colourful. I especially like the various day/night cycle and weather effects in the different worlds. Animations are pretty smooth and you can see with smaller details like the balancing animations of the player characters that there was put a lot of effort into this matter.The artstyle of the game is very coherent as a whole, and also for every world: Each area has its own group of quirky inhabitants that fit nicely into each environment. I do would have wished for a bit more personality regarding the world design, however: The themes of the worlds and most of the human characters in the game felt pretty generic to me in comparison to other games in the genre. Only the quirky inhabitants I mentioned above really seemed to have an interesting personality of their own.Voice/Sound/Music  (8.5/10)Sound is super solid here, I like most of the sound effects here, with the exception of the sounds that the player characters make when jumping/rolling etc.; these got a bit annoying soon for me, but it is only a minor complaint for me.The music is fully orchestrated, which is always nice for me, and it always fits the atmosphere of each world pretty well.Catchy themes that I would expect from such a title were often missing. Don't get me wrong here: The music is definitely good here, but not quite great.Gameplay (8/10)Exploration of the worlds is pretty engaging due to good leveldesign throughout: You constantly discover new things that you can check out and even in the hubworld is constantly new stuff popping up. This is what Poi nails expertly; the exploration and constant unlocking of new content is really a delight.Platforming feels very nice aswell, all classic 3D platforming moves are here and the controls are tight, resulting in enjoyable platforming sections. It is also possible to earn a number of gadgets in-game that enable your character to dig soft patches of earth, shoot photos etc. These are a nice addition to the gameplay.Combat, however, is super simple, too simple in my opinion. I mean, it doesn't have to be super complex in a game like this, but defeating enemies only revolves around jumping on them for the most part, which is actually fine for the smaller enemies in the game, but the absence of any other combat move (e.g. a punch or a kick) limits enemy design too much in my opinion. This especially shows with the boss fights, which are a weak point here for me; they weren't really that fun to fight, but luckily, they are also not long and not too frequent. The combat is of course not the main focus of this game, but I still would have really liked to see better boss fights here.There is really a lot of stuff to collect and find in this game, but most of it can be found/done pretty fast and easily, resulting in a 8 hour playthrough for me to reach the 100%. There is also a new-game+ mode that is unlocked by beating the game: However, it was of no interest for me, asit mainly increases the combat difficulty by reducing your health bar to 1, while the locations of the collectibles remain the same (the worlds are mirrored though)..The content is thus perfectly fine for the price of this game, I, however, found the game to be too easy and when things finally got really interesting for me in the last world, the game soon ended. I albeit have to admit that I am very experienced in this genre, for inexperienced or many casual players, this thus may prove to be no problem at all.ConclusionOverall, I enjoyed my time with Poi, and, considering the fact that 3D-Platformers are very hard to make, the guys from PolyKid did a formidable job here with presumably only few resources available. I really think that this game should get more attention and I would like to see DLC or a sequel here.My Overall Score: (8/10)"
,Recommended,401810,29724955,Posted: 5 February,all,DeathGameDev,Most fun I've had in a 3D Platformer since Mario 64. :)
76561198052163254,Recommended,401810,29803315,Posted: 9 February,all,Doktor_S,"One of the best platformers I played outside of Nintendo games. PolyKid made a game with charm, tight controls and good level design. It has open levels with different missions like Mario 64 and a lot of collectibles like Banjo Kazooie. It's like the best of N64 games without the cumbersome controls and bad graphics. In other words it feels classic but controls modern. I simply love it. Took me over 8 hours to collect everything and than their is still ""New Game +"". So their is enough to do and the price is perfect."
76561198039227604,Recommended,401810,29636014,Posted: 1 February,all,empty,It's impossible to play this game without a smile on your face. A faithful ode to Banjo's and Mario's of the past.
76561198087336538,Recommended,401810,19451592,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,John325,"A promising start to a 3d platformer in the vein of Super Mario 64 and Banjo-Kazooie.  Right now there are two fairly simple worlds, but the foundation is there for a solid game.  You can choose to play as a boy or a girl, and after a short tutorial level you take a ship into the sky.The sky hub world reminiscent of Zelda: Skyward Sword with various floating islands.  World selection is done by rotating the ships wheel, which takes you to a select screen like Mario 64, though like Mario 64 you can find the medals out of order.  Medals are their version of stars, keys are their version of red coins, and there is a medal for collecting 100 coins in a world.  The only downside is, like Mario 64, the game pops you out of a world each time you collect a medal.  There are no changes between ""acts"" like the 3D Mario games, so there isn't a compelling reason for this.  Collectibles and objectives for medals reset, so if you prefer to explore at your leisure rather than following the objective the game sets for you, you may find yourself partway through earning multiple medals as you're exploring only to have to choose one and restart the others.  I would prefer it to be more like Banjo-Kazooie and leave you in the world to keep exploring.You can also spend time exploring to fill up the journal with locations and fossils. Doing these things gets you experience to level up, which is the way this game opens up new worlds.  In the hub world you can use coins to purchase special abilities.  There are is also a cannon in the hub world that can take you to special linear challenge stages sort of like Super Mario Sunshine.The moves are familiar, from triple jumps to wall jumps to double jumps.  It's not quite as tight as a Mario game, but it controls well.I recommend this game to anyone yearning for a return to the N64 platformers of old.  With time and more content, it promises to be something special."
,Recommended,401810,29848817,Posted: 11 February,all,Cobold,"The game takes a lot of inspiration from Super Mario 64, critics might argue that it doesn't do a lot to innovate on the Mario formula. But I've not seen a game like this in years, and it has quite cool level design, graphics and music, so that's fine. Camera control can sometimes be a little bit wonky. If you like 3D platformers, get this game."
,Recommended,401810,29683567,Posted: 3 February,all,Bubblegum Witch,"Poi is a charming 3D platformer that feels somewhere between Super Mario 64 and Super Mario Sunshine aesthetically. I loved it from early access and the final release does not disappoint. It's not breaking new ground but everything works well and feels good - great, even. Music plays a big part in that; the game's score perfectly captures the mood of each environment. They're lovely tracks and feel right out of a Nintendo or Rare game without being derivative of those games. For $15 I would recommend it. If you're anticipating A Hat in Time and Yooka-Laylee, this is another one you definitely want to check out.My one complaint with the game is stutter. Poi hitches at certain points; I'm not sure if the issue is bad frame pacing or loading but it's very noticeable when it happens (though not terribly frequent). This wasn't in the earlier betas at all so I'm hoping that it's something the developer will be able to fix. I'm running a GTX 1080 and i7-6700k, someone on Reddit reported the same issue on similar specs, it seems unlikely to be anything to do with my PC."
,Recommended,401810,21510540,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,William Taft,This game is by far one of my favorite games on steam. It has a nastalgic feel to it and I think everyone should play this game.
,Recommended,401810,29659933,Posted: 2 February,all,Tehjman,Really fun 3D platformer in the vein of the 3D Mario series.Would recommend for any platformer fan!
,Recommended,401810,31958403,Posted: 25 May,all,RenderingPixel,"Poi is a cutesy, vibrant platformer reminiscent of Super Mario 64. One could say it’s downright derivative of Nintendo’s long standing classic. That’s not to say Poi lacks any originality, and I’m not going to argue that a personality doesn’t shine on its own here, but rather, Poi offers a long gaze into the direction Nintendo could have taken Mario instead of clean up duty. Simply put, if you’ve always wanted a pure sequel to Super Mario 64 without any gimmicky gadgets, this is where you want to be.The controls are Mario. The movement in the space you’re in mirrors Mario’s. Level design is clearly drawn from that source and built around that movement. But, that’s where the similarities end. Other than the swift, blissful movement of Mario, there are no more nods. Poi has its own characters, story and lore that doesn’t involve rescuing anyone. Just pure platformin’. Seriously, you’re just an adventure kid going out into the worlds. It’s actually kinda nice for a change.The worlds and characters aren’t half bad either and there’s certainly a bright charm that carries through to the end. Exploring is fun and rewarding with a smooth challenge. Great for kids, but I do think hardcore fans will find enjoyment here. Poi isn’t as easy as it seems. My only real gripe with this is the ending. Not so much how ends, but what you have to do. It’s not a new thing to platformers, and I’ve never understood why a game that asks you to run and jump everywhere, now has you sedentary and shooting things. I just don’t get it and it kinda kills the rhythm. However, that being said, Poi is a joyful experience that is easy to get into and stay for a while."
,Recommended,401810,29783737,Posted: 8 February,all,Tomiply,"Poi is a fun little platformer that does not disappoint. It might be a bit simple and bland, but you can tell that it has been made with a lot of heart. The controls are tight, platforming is fun, and the music is also quite nice. The gameplay reminds me a lot of Super Mario Sunshine, which the game is inspired by, and that's not a bad thing. If you've wanting to play a new 3D platformer, I recommend it."
,Recommended,401810,29706857,Posted: 4 February,all,MaMA,"What a great surprise, I'm not a big fan of platformers but Poi changed my mind, it feels like a modern Mario 64 with lot of collectibles and a funny universe.This game runs really smoothly even on low-end hardware, the developpers did a really great job."
,Recommended,401810,29891114,Posted: 12 February,all,SteveWinwood,"An all around super solid 3D platformer. If you liked the N64 collect-a-thons then you'll love it. It's not perfect, but it does what it set out to do, and does it well. I wasn't the biggest fan of the art but it kind of grew on me by the end. It's a little bit more on the easier side but for 15 dollars you really can't go wrong as you'll get a solid 6 to 10 hours out of it."
,Recommended,401810,30014162,Posted: 18 February,all,Kaese,"I was in the mood for some jump and run and did not expect much.Quite the polished game packed full with content and nothing like the other stuff on Steam.It is like Mario 64 without Mario... on PC, and that is a good thing."
,Recommended,401810,29939420,Posted: 15 February,all,SquigM,"If you love Super Mario 64, you'll love this game."
76561197968574120,Recommended,401810,29692957,Posted: 4 February,all,jb1234,"I'm going through a period in my life where I crave platformers. I need them. I can't resist them. Doesn't matter if they're 2D or 3D. They're like sex to me. So when I heard about Poi, I naturally had to pick it up. And it's pretty good.It takes a lot of its DNA from Mario, especially 64 and Sunshine. Same hub-like structure, same ""collect the stars"" structure (only they're medallions). If it's not broke, as they say. And for the most part, it works very well here, aided by pretty good (albeit slightly stiff) controls. The level design in particular is worth praising. Each of the hub areas is large, detailed (given the restrictions of the N64-ish graphical style) and filled with secrets. The game even points out special landmarks when you reach them, which was appreciated.That said, I have a couple of complaints.First off, it's kinda short. I did everything I felt worth doing in just under six and a half hours. Sure, there's various items that you can collect if you want to be a completist but I'm not a big collectathon fan unless I know that it'll open extra content (especially new levels). Second, it's easy. Too easy. I breezed through this game. Granted, I have a lot of experience in this genre but I would have preferred the game to have some teeth. Ironically, it finally acquires some in the final level, where the vast majority of my deaths occurred. This level reminded me of some of the more fiendish challenges in Mario Galaxy 1 and 2 and I wish there were more like this. Worth noting is that the game has a solid checkpoint system and does away with lives altogether, something I wish the 3D Marios would also do.Finally, the music. It gets very, very repetitive. Most of the blame there lies with the short loops. The compositions themselves are solid (even if several of the pieces owe a great debt to Copland) but they repeat so often that they started to drive me crazy. It's often a very fine line in games like this, writing music that is interesting but also holds up under repetition. I don't feel it quite got there.But even with these gripes, I had a good time and that's pretty much all that matters here. It's exactly what I needed to play at this point in my life and it's mostly certainly worth the price (and then some)."
,Recommended,401810,33914104,Posted: 30 July,all,🎃,"Poi is a good Mario clone. End of story now get out of the review section and buy the game if you want to kill a good 32 hours collecting things.okay that's not entirely true so read this insteadPLOTYou and your sister run away from the city in order to find Adventure. On your adventure to find adventure you meet up with Mario in his mid 80's who asks you to get his sonic ring with ribbons attached to it down from a tall stump due to him being a crotchety old man who can't do it himself. So you jump to the top of the stump, grab his ring and when you bring it back to him he tells you that the ring is called an ""Explorers Medallion"" and they are foudn all over the world. So he asks you and your sister if you want to get on his magic flying whale blimp to find him and since choice matters as much as it did in TellTale's Walking Dead Season 1 in this game, you say yes and off the three of you go to go get the Medallions and save the world or somethingYOUR CHARACTER ADN YOUIt's simple, you got WASD Movement, Space Sar jumps, pressing it twice duble jumps, pressing Space while sliding down a wall wall jumps and if you time it correctly you can do a triple jump, A roll you can preform by pressing Shift that can be used to kill some enemies and a roll jump you can do by rolling and pressing Space HOWEVER long jumping can only be done after rolling for a little bit and you can't wall jump after doing a triple jump. Later on you get tools and you press E and Q to scroll through them and R to use. Sounds easy, yeah? BuT iTs NoT. Your character only has three hit points to start out with but if you loose all your hearts you'll go right back to the last checkpoint you reached. Luckily bottomless pits don't kill you or make you lose any HP, you just start back at the flag, However, health is extremely scarce unless you have the shovel that allows you to occationly dig up a heart that allows you to get take another hit, an enemy randomly drops one for you to pick up or you can buy a small health extention from Mario so you can take an aditional hit, so you best pray to RNGesus that when you're low on health you can rip out the beating heart of a defeated enemy so you may consume it and gain strength or start saving up so you can buy that extra bit of padding for your fragile child body.WHAT THE ♥♥♥♥ IS MY PURPOSE?!In Poi you gotta collect things. A lot of things. Like, a lot a lot of things. Your main collectibles are the Medallions however    there are also golden gears you need to find so a mechanic can repair her ship and in each world (Plus the Hub and super secret gears) There are 5 total with the exception of the challange levels which have one gear per level and two medalians to be earned, one for playing normaly and another for collection a certian number of keys as fast as you can. Every time you bring five gears to the mechanic she gives you a Medallion and once you have all of them she gives you jack squat except a new line of diolog thanking you for all your hard work and the final Medallion she hasThere are also the special locations in every world with a grand total of 16 locations per world, they're pretty easy to spot and chances are you'll find most of them without you even knowing. Once you find every special location in a world the man with the rocketship will give you, you guessed it, a Medallion.Third, there are 8 fossils in every world (except the micro worlds) The only to extract them from the earth is to buy the shovel from Mario and every time you find all the fossils in a world, some crazed hobo on a floating island in your hub will give you, say it with me now, a Medallion.On top of all that there are several minigames and sidequests you need to do in order to get every single medalian, such as the Pin Penguin's six missing babies or the gliding challange where you need to fly through a certian amount of rings before time runs out. For each minigame there are 3 diffaculties: Easy, Medium and Hard, for each one you have to pay a little bit more just to have a shot at and each diffaculty grants you one Medallion (meaning there is aMedallion to be earned for completing each mini game on all 3 diffulcities)Next are the costumes, finding all of them does not grant you anything special besides changing how you look, giving you an achievement and gettign you closer t othat sweet, sweet 100% completion rating.Finally, there are the photos. Upon buying the camera from good ol' Mario, you can take pictures of anything in the world but in order to 100% the game and get the achievement, you have to take a photo of every single enemy in the game, that includes bosses and one special NPC that I will not spoil.Oh, and I almost forgot about the stowaway's High Scores. There are 10 of them, they are easy to top and it's pretty much just free Medallions she's giving awayBOSSESThere are four of them, and each of them are pretty easyBoss one is Mr Octopuss, all he does is try to pimp slap you with his hentai grabbers that are really easy to avoid and duck under the water. Wait for him to get into position, hit him with a soccer bomb and the world is done.Boss two is just the leader bully from Super Mario 64 but instead of S H O V E I N G him off the platform you get on a rising platform, monkey bar your way over until your on top of him while avoiding fire stalks, drop down and repeat two more times before clearing the world.Boss three is just boss one again except he's a mole who makes crystals fall vrom the roof of a cave, but he's not menecing due to his crystals being patheticly easy to dodge and he gives you rocks to kick in his face. Kick three rocks in his face and he's ♥♥♥♥ing dead.Lastly, The Finial Boss aka a good kick in the♥♥♥♥♥♥is by far the worst boss I'e ever had to fight in all of video games due to the game playshifting from decent platforming and exploration into a shooter where you need to launch bombs onto his crystals while shooting down his projectials. It sounds easy enough but due to how bad the cannon controls it's alot harder than it should be. The cannon is way too slippery for this kind of a boss battle because the boss is constently moving, meaning you'll have to change your trajectory often so you can line your shot up with the crystals on his sholders, chin and head but you can't due to the god awful cannon controls. Not to mention if you manage to shoot off all the crystals, the boss gets to throw a hissy fit and start launching projectials at different angles at you. They don't come in too fast so you have alot of time to react but by the time you hit him three times you'll have to manage shooting down the projectiles and hitting the crystals. I also forgot to mention that i nthis boss battle you cannot get health back, so if you don;t have the health extention chances are you'll have to take down a boss that has 5 hit points while you only have three. And guess what else, if you die you'll have to watch an unskipible cutscene before you get to fight the boss again and it makes me wonder what the developer was thinking when he did that because the cutscene maybe about 2 minutes long if you mash your spacebar into oblivion but that's still 2 minutes I don't want to waste reading the same diolog over and over again.Considering there are four worlds plus the micro levels and excluding the final level due to it having only one collectible, that being the end game object that serves no other purpose other than to tell you how fast you finished the game and show people who completed the game the fastest, there are a grand total of 101 Medallions, 50 gears, 32 fossils, 64 special locations, 21 creatures to take photos of, 9 minigames run throughs (Granted you beat every single one on your first try) and 7 costumes for you to find and deck yourself out with. All in all, I'd say you should buy this game, but only if it goes on sale for 9$ US or lower and you are really into colectathons"
76561198000884466,Recommended,401810,18918668,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,[BTC]JVit,"A whimsical game that hearkens back to Mario 64 and Banjo-Kazooie, this game brings back the 90's nostalgia it promised, even in the opening moments of the game.  Nothing in early-access seems broken, thus far, and with a game like this, I hope it continues!  An awesome soundtrack accompanies each level, and makes the game feel large, which helps the exploration factor!If you wish to see some gameplay, check out Controller Breakers gameplay of Poi!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cNrd2i_IMUU"
,Recommended,401810,23812923,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Whazam,This seems like a nintendo Original game! AAA I feel like im playing a hidden gamecube game that should have been released but never was. Amazing Game!!!!
,Recommended,401810,18917260,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Jag Gentlemann,"This game is in an obvious Early Access. I haven't encounter game-breaking glitches, but the animations needs much more work.Aside of that, the gameplay is like Mario 64, simple as that. You can buy items that help you (like a compass to see secrets more easily) or just makes you able to collect stuff like fossils. The levels are open, and you have many medals to collect. So like in Mario 64 and Sunshine, you can beat the levels in the order you want.There's also an overworld were you can fly around and spend your money in extra levels.Overall, it's a solid Early Access title for now. There are many improvements and content coming."
,Recommended,401810,18919569,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,SullyTheStrange,"If you're the type of person who hears the words ""3D platformer"" and is instantly filled with joy, you already know you need this game. It's a great homage to the collectathon days of old, with its own unique twists that give it its own personality and feel. I've supported Poi for a long time and it's awesome to finally play it -- even though it's still early, the potential really shines through and I hope the devs get enough support to keep working and finish this great game!"
,Recommended,401810,18923985,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Poi,"This game was made for me! Definitely feels like playing the classic N64 and PS1 platformer games. A very nostalgic feeling I felt when playing the game. Mario 64, Banjo Kazooie, Rayman, Donkey Kong 64,Conker BFD, Kirby 64, Ape Escape, Crash Bandicoot, Tomb Raider. This brings me back... And it so happens my user account name is the same as the game name.The game is challenging and brings back that old principal of if you fail, you try again. Its impressive that most newer games dont have this type of classic feel to the games anymore. Great work from the developers! I am happy with the early access, would like to see more changeling level designs in the future :)"
76561197970411219,Recommended,401810,18919720,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Dragon,"An amazing platformer, enjoyed every minute even in early alpha."
,Recommended,401810,18962417,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Chickcu The Guido Chicken,super mario sunshine / wind waker nostalgia simulator 2016
76561197973744917,Recommended,401810,29790970,Posted: 8 February,all,marathonman,"Poi - A game where an old man abducts young orphans with the promise of adventure.Poi is one of the first platformers arriving to steam this year in what seems like the year of the platformer for video games. Other games are slowly falling behind it such as Hat in Time, and Yooka Laylee. Being the first has given the game a few advantages such as quenching the thirst for platformers in today's market. However, it brings a few problems as well.CONS:Poi at some moments feels lacking in graphical and gameplay polish at certain key sections of the game. Detracting from the player's overall experience of title. For example, if you are good enough you can completly bypass challenges that the game wants to put you through. You may need to push a button then grab a few keys in order to reach a medallion thats trapped within a cage. However, with a little double jumping and wall rebounding you can skip all of that and grab the item.There are multiple instances where this happens.You jump across platforms that have spikes on them, but can easily ignore the spikes since they do not take up the entire platform. Majority of the time there are elements in the game that are supposed to pose some kind of challenge yet can be easily ignored or bypassed.Graphically the game has a simple artsyle that I can appreciate; however, the depth of field effect made my eyes tear up. There is too much and at times I felt the need to turn it off in order to find key items or landmarks within the stage.As a collect-athon type game, it's important for the items that you are collecting to have meaning. While Poi provides insentive to grab everything, the main collectible of the game, coins, quickly lose their value. Coins are used to buy items and upgrades for your character as well as letting you participate in mini games. Once all upgrades have been bought, which can be done within an hour, money has no further value. It's just there.Bosses are exteremly easy, this may be good or bad depedning on your preference.Finally, Poi as a modern platfromer does nothing new for the genre. There are no innovative mechanics or gamplay that seperates it from older titles.PROSWhile Poi does not bring anything new to the table for the genre it does what we are used to well. Tight controls, colorful levels (albeit small), multiple things to collect, funny characters, and great music.Deaths were a somewhat common occurence do to the occasional pit, but it never felt that I was being cheated due to bad camera or controls. In addition Poi has no arbitrary slow transitions after death, meaning you can hop back into the action right away. Especially if you fall off the map.Poi's protagonists bring back all the familiar acrobatics that we are used to if you played a 3d mario title. Wall jumping, diving and belly sliding, kartwheel jumps, double jumps, etc. All feel fluid and useful. The controls in Poi are tight and felxible, allow you to combine many different moves together while keeping great control. This is one of the reasons why I was able to access certain areas that I normally should not have. Rather than change the controls, levels should be created around this mobility.Poi's hub world is also fantastic, as it gradually expands as you get further into the game.Poi's mini games are a nice distraction but the challenge levels are the main event. Completing the levels in a set time and comparing it with others on the leaderboard is a great feeling and provides replayability for the game. There is a definite push to speedrunning the game, which interests and enthusiast such as myself greatly.Poi also offers a Newgame + mode, however I have not had the chance to try that yet.VerdictOverall it tooke me roughly 4 hours to beat the game. To collect every collectable in the game it took me 4 more hours. Resulting in 8 hours of gameplay.Poi sticks to what it knows best, and improving on it. While the game is rough around the edges its characters, levels, sounds, music, and controls allow it to pull through. Done by a small team of talented and creative people it is a game that you should not miss if you are a fan of the genre.I'm excited to see what the team behind Poi has in store for us next, and will look for future titles attentatively."
76561198200856050,Recommended,401810,29682254,Posted: 3 February,all,tahunovaomega,"One of the best original 3D platforming, collect-a-thons in this generation!This game has wonderful looking worlds and characters. The setting and tone of the game (mix with the wonderful soundtrack) makes it all feel like a perfect blend for this 3D platformer. Levels are neatly built but I felt it was a bit rough in some parts in each world. But nothing too rough for the player to handle. Controls are nearly perfect, especially since this was made by a small team of devs.This game is perfect for any newcomers or veterans who grew up playing this genre of 3D platforming. I can't recommend this game enough."
76561198073651845,Recommended,401810,21018588,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Rawk Hawk The Flying Man,"I have been looking for an indie 3D platformer game similar to Super Mario 64 on steam for a long time, and I finally found it. This game is amazing, with great controls and fun levels. Only negatives I can think of are: few levels so far and minor bugs being fixed. The dev seems very responsive to questions, as far as i've seen. If you are a 3D platformer fan, please buy this game and support this dev. I need more of this. I can't wait to see it develop further."
,Recommended,401810,18978622,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Sydnas sloot,"Great 3D platformers like this haven't been around since the N64 and PS1 era, which is sad cause i figg'n love these types of games. Its got the multiple objectives per map like the stars in Mario 64. I also feel some Spyro and Banjo-Kazoi in there. Can't wait to see all the planned levels!"
,Recommended,401810,25494865,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,Black tiger,"If you're a fan of Mario 64, then this is definatly your game."
,Recommended,401810,19272126,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,MrSSFireball,"Poi is a neat ""little"" game that reminds me of the classic Super Mario 64, but reborn into Unity with a much different artstyle unlike I've seen in games before. As I'm writing this, Poi doesn't have very much, but I'm anxiously waiting for the next update to play around the new levels in!"
,Recommended,401810,19301677,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Jackaler,"Wonderful. Takes a lot of cues from the old adventure platformers: Super Mario 64, Banjo-Kazooie, Rayman 2, etc. I've thoroughly enjoyed it thus far."
,Recommended,401810,29682645,Posted: 3 February,all,Dramamine,"Poi is a great return to 3D platformering collectathons.I was incredibly curious going into this game; hoping that it really would allow me to return to the enjoyment I got out of game like Banjo-Kazooie, DK64, and Ty the Tasmanian Tiger. So far, it's delivered fully in that aspect.GameplayThe gameplay is incredibly solid, with relatively tight controls. There are some minor quirks, like the roll jump having relatively precise timing to pull off, and enemies sometimes being a little annoying to jump on; but overall the controls are solid and you won't find yourself fighting to keep a handle on your character. The movement of your character is incredibly similar to the Super Mario games, with the ability to Triple Jump from a continous set of jumps, do sideflips, walljumping, and a dive jump that allows you to slide.The game also includes movement familiar to other games, like having a double jump in the air, and a jump that you can execute out of a roll for extra momentum. Chaining the roll jump into a dive jump can create some incredible speed if you like moving fast. The game also takes further inspiration from Mario by having you jump on enemies to kill them; you can also kick stunned enemies/items by walking into them.Collectathon AspectsLike collectathons before it, this game has several forms of ways to collect items, all with the ultimate goal of collecting the explorer medals. These include but are not limited to: The Explorer Medals themselves, Golden Cogs, and a Picture Book. As you progress, new types of collections appear, and new things to explore and discover are revealed. This game doesn't appear to have a lack of things to collect and in turn feels like you'll have plenty to do besides just beating the game.MusicThe music in this game exceeds my expectations. They suit the levels and the environments, and they're incredibly pleasant to listen to. They're pretty whimiscal. I would heavily suggest in buying the soundtrack if you're into that.GraphicsThis will mostly fit the rest of the stuff, like Graphics and Story. As far as the graphics are concerned, they're pretty good. The 3D graphics look a little more out of the PS2/GameCube era of gaming, but a bit more polished. However, I don't see that as something that detracts from the experience. Instead, it brings a level of charm that really hearkens back to an era of gaming now long lost. The only downside is that the environments feel a little... empty. Maybe a bit more on the basic side.StoryThe Story is pretty basic, you're asked to go out and collect some Explorer Medals from an old adventurer so he can vicariously live one more adventure out through you. I haven't seen a hint of an ulterior story boss or anything. The story might be a bit on the lackluster side, but seeing as how this game is far more colorful and lighthearted, and likely built to help revive a genre slowly coming back; a deeper story really doesn't feel needed.ExtrasThe game does have a few extra things, such as hidden hats to collect and a new game+ mode for you to play through after you've completed the game. These help establish replayability along with the collectathon aspects of the game.ConsI feel I should at least point out a few things that might detract from the experience for some.-Environments feel a bit bare. Thematic in nature, but they feel a little empty towards that theme for me in some way that I just can't explain.-Level Design is average. It's not incredibly good, but it's nowhere near bad. Nothing stands out as silly with placement, and nothing seems terribly pointless. The flow of the levels just feel a bit off to me; it might go hand in hand with the previous point of the environment feeling a tad bare for me.-Story is fairly simplistic. This isn't really a con for me considering the colorful, lighthearted nature of the game, it doesn't feel like it needs to go all out with a story. So far, I haven't yet had an inkling of a deeper story. This might detract from your experience a bit depending on how much you care.-Barely any invincibilty frames. The first time I got knocked by an enemy, it proceeded to ram me twice more before I could get a proper jump on it since I was a little stunned that it was hitting me so quickly.Closing ThoughtsOverall, this is an incredibly solid 3D platformer, and perfectly fits in with the collectathon genre. There's plenty to do and plenty of time to be spent in this game. It does have a few flaws, but none of them are glaring, and you likely won't notice or care about most of them while you're enjoying your time playing. I would heavily suggest buying the game and it's soundtrack."
,Recommended,401810,19023493,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,My Nationalist Pony,"Very fun N64 throwback, and much more polished than the average early acess title. Definitely worth a look."
,Recommended,401810,18932000,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,BinabiQ,"Excellent 3D platformer. If you liked mario 64, banjo etc you should check this out. Beautiful level design, love the artstyle. There's collectables and areas to discover, and some sort of leveling-system. You can also buy items with the coins you collect in the levels.only minor gripe I have about the controls is it's a bit hard to gauge if you're running or not, and that roll you do before running can make you fall off all sorts of things. If you played mario 64 you'll recognize a lot of the moves (Triple jump, wallkick, quickturn-somersault thing).Feels pretty solid for an early access alpha, if the developers keep at it this will turn out great."
76561198059775984,Recommended,401810,19646152,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Ikkalyzte,"Updated since review was out of date: shows that the devs are invested if I have to redo the review after four months.Plays really well - mechanics feel like mario 64, which I put tons of time into. Every world so far captures the sense of exploration and accomplishment that occurs in the best 3D platformers. Sometimes I'll pause just to look around and figure out ""How do I get over to that area?"", even if there's no goal for me to get there. The most recent world seems to be ramping up the difficulty, so I look forward very much to the upcoming ones.The only thing I wish is for there to be more content - more worlds, larger worlds, even just a world editor. But they've shown that they will keep updating (6 updates, 2 new worlds since launch), so I will continue to eagerly await this game showing up in ""recently updated""."
,Recommended,401810,19508887,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,seontonppa,"The basic idea behind this game is awesome, I love the good old 3rd person adventure games and you can see those inspired this game a lot. The game is clearly still early access, some textures look weird here and there, some glictching and even annoying gameplay elements. However this hasn't crashed even once and there haven't been a single one gameplay ruining bug or glitch. So overall the game works surprisingly well on an older laptop, full controller support is nice and the graphical style is kind of okay. Can't really tell until developed further.The stuff I don't like are that not all the things you collect aren't persistent. When you go back to a map you can collect the same coins again and again. The thing that made me play all the Spyros to the 100% (or to 120%) was that there was a♥♥♥♥♥♥load of stuff, but all that stuff could be collected leading to some of the most amazing adventures in gaming I've had. The second one is the speed of the character's movement and falling down. I'll use Ratchet & Clank as another example, the movement of the character is extremely smooth all over wich makes even the most intense moments feel good to handle. And the ""jump after you hit the ground"" seems just unnecessary, I would prefer a some kind of powerup for the higher jumps than just walking for a few meters up and down. Final thing I don't like is that when you complete a mission you have to leave the map. This gets very annoying when wanting to get a map to 100% before advancing (there are over 5 missions per map).I would love an answer from the developers regarding the stuff mentioned above, is there any major changes or improvements coming?Overall seems to be going in to a great direction and I had fun with it so I'll definitely recommend it, however at this moment I'd give it something like 6/10."
,Recommended,401810,19389067,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Senorc Lexion,Poi is already one of my favorite games. it's not too suprising considering it's mechanics are a combination of my two fravorite video game series: Super Mario and The Legend of Zelda. The Early Access version is really amazing I can not wait untill it is finished!
76561198025124529,Recommended,401810,21437711,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Jhops,"Poi is a very fun platformer in the same vein as the late 90s/ early 2000s platformers. I expected the levels to be a lot shorter, but it's much more fleshed out than I thought. This game is hopefully the beginning of the 3D platforming renaissance I've been looking forward to for so long. You'll be retreading territory several times in each level to get all the collectables, but it's done in a tasteful way with mutliple paths through the levels. The collectables don't overstay their welcome, while still having a good amount to collect. If anything, I think the purchasble item prices need a buff. The ""overworld"" is also fun to explore, even if you don't spend all that much time there. Controlls are intuitive and some moves that aren't explicity explained come naturally. The graphics may not work for some peoples' tastes, but I like it. The music and sound effects are also very nice.My biggest gripe is that only a couple medallions can be collected while being able to coninue in the level. Some medallions (the 100 coin one in particular) can be picked up with the option to continue, but others force you to the overworld. I understand that this is to facilitate barriers, but if I can see three medallions in my current area (100 coin, keys, and objective), I'd like to pick up all of them in one go.Pros+Level design+Music+Graphics+Controlls (finally a game that's not super floaty!)+Fun challenges beyond the core gameplay+Reasonable camera - I don't find myself fighting it like in so many other gamesCons-Multiple objectives in the same area can't all be collected at the same time-Some people may not like retreading old ground, though I'm completely fine with this implementation-Doesn't play nice with antivirus programs yetThis is still early access, so anything could change. As it is now, this game is worh every penny and then some. There's so few games in the vein of Mario 64 and Banjo-Kazooie on PC that this is a breath of fresh air. I haven't run into any enemies yet, but this game ticks all the other boxes so I'll live wihout the action part of an action-platformer. I've only written a few reviews, and I'm super in on this game. I'm looking forward to continued development. As heavy handed as my praise is, I'll revise this review if, for some reason, the devs go off the deep end and turn this into some crazy MOBA or something."
,Recommended,401810,21826340,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,SpaceEquilibria,"A superb 3D platformer, easily one of the best I've played. One of the best games on Steam, and the development team really support the game and will build this into one of the classic platformers in our time. Congratulations guys, this is a masterpiece! The sense of adventure and challenge combine together to make a nice fusion of pure awesome!"
,Recommended,401810,18916884,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Ker,"I don't usually write reviews or buy early access games, but as soon as I saw the trailer for this one, I had to have it. I'm happy I did. This game brings back so much nostalgia from Nintendo 64 days and I can't seem to put it down. It reminds me a lot of Super Mario 64 and Zelda's Wind Waker.The gameplay controls are pretty intuitive and I didn't have a problem figuring out how to move around. I did, however, feel like the keyboard controls were a bit tough when trying to jump wall to wall but that might be personal preference. Switching to a controller helped a lot.The music is pretty and fits the levels, and you can actually jump off the boat and explore a bit. You can't explore TOO far but I'm thinking they are planning on expanding the map eventually. There's so much to do in each level, and similar to Super Mario 64, you go back each time to collect 1 goal. You also unlock puzzle maps that are really fun.I can't wait to see how this game develops and what the devs will add. I'm looking forward to it."
76561198073259752,Recommended,401810,19089441,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,griffin1171,"This game is still super early, but it is clearly inspired by super mario 64, and its gameplay features a lot of depth that expands on the original 3D platformer style. The graphics are very good looking, but don't require a powerful computer to run. The game currently only has two levels to play through as well as five side levels, all of which I beat in under three hours. I am hopeful for quick patches to add in new levels. On the whole, definitely watch for this game."
76561198013201539,Recommended,401810,26458474,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Scurra,"The Nintendo platforming vibe is all over this.  And that's a good thing in every way.Everything from the jaunty opening music to the clever cartoon style to the endless array of secrets to find to the perfect mix of casual-friendly game design crossed with fiendish speedrunning pitfalls is pretty much perfect.Sure a lot of people are going to dismiss it as ""childish"" or ""too easy"" - their loss.  (Personally, there were more than a few sections that were not nearly as easy as they initially looked.  Or maybe it's just my rubbish gaming skillz... :))No, it won't take a determined player long to get to the ""end"" (and, at present, it's not clear what that ""end"" might actually entail!) That's not really the point.  It's the journey this time, not merely the destination.  And what a ride.edit: now that the ""final"" game is out, I still stand by everything here.  The final boss is the only thing that really lets the game down, failing on all the things that made the rest of the game so much fun.  It's not a deal-breaker in any way though; just a disappointment, that's all."
76561197967246325,Recommended,401810,29873744,Posted: 12 February,all,LizardMan,"This is a fantastic, chilled out platformer (a genre that is sadly lacking now days). A clean, clear and crisp game clearly inspired by Mario 64 and Banjo Kazoie. The controls are tight and response, and work well with keyboard and mouse (I didn't try out my gamepad with this title, I didn't feel it necessary as keyboard and mouse felt good). The control of your character feels right, bouncing off walls and jumping onto platforms feels fun and flows well. That said, perhaps things were just the tiniest bit too floaty. Everything looks lovely and clear and the game and runs like butter.I have completely cleared three of the four worlds, and finished a large chunk of the side challenges and feel that perhaps the game is just the slightest tad too easy. That said, it was never-ever frustrating, that is why I started this review with the words ""chilled out"". The side challenges in particular are dead easy, where they could have been a good place to add some extra challenge to the game. Leaderboards do add the possibility of a meta-challenge though, for those looking for it. There is some particularly insane low times on some of the challenges already which seem nigh impossible for me to beat at this point.I happily chewed through the majority of this game in a lazy weekend, and enjoyed every minute of it. It feels like the perfect platforming package for $15. The difficulty of the game is such that it feels like getting that 100% of collectibles is a possibility (which is very satisfying). If you fondly recall playing platformers on N64 and the PS1 and want to revisit that era in a slicker, shinier wrapper, I highly recommend you purchase Poi. There's not much else around to scratch that itch (Although maybe Ty, but I can't get over that game's Australian accents).Finally, PolyKid, please release more games like this/release a big expansion pack for this game. We need more platformers!"
,Recommended,401810,29862739,Posted: 11 February,all,Mononon,"I'll just do a pros and cons list with some final thoughts.Pros:-Colorful-Fun Level design-Solid platforming-Tickles your nostalgia-The last 2 levels are really spectacular.Cons:-Short (less than 7 hours to 100%)-Some of the collectibles aren't particularly interesting.-The platforming is solid, but it is a little floaty.  This isn't as tight an experience as something like Mario 64-I wish the rest of the game had been as inventive as the last 2 levels.  The rest of the game is good, but the last 2 really stand out.-Boss battles are bad.  All of them are bad.Alright, so, overall, I really enjoyed the game, and I hope the developer continues to work in this genre.  I think this a really fantastic first go at the platformer, and I think it hits all the right notes.  The levels are fun and colorful.  The platforming, while a little too floaty, is still good.  The characters, although shallow, are cute.  It really does harken back to the Mario and Banjo & Kazooie days.  If you like collect-a-thon platformers like those, then you'll like this game.Now, there are some sore spots.  The bosses are by far the weakest part of the game.  They are unnecessary and I wish they weren't there.  Tougher platforming gauntlets would have been MUCH better than boss encounters.  The controls, while serviceable, are a little floaty.  You have the ability to be precise, but I did find myself getting out of control pretty often. Not ever games needs to be a precision platformer, but I with the character just felt a bit weightier.  The last 2 levels really show what this game could do.  I really wish the rest of the game had been as impressive as the last bits.  I absolutely loved the final 2 levels, and although I did enjoy my time in every level, I just felt retroactively let down by the rest of the game because of how great it ended.  It's not a bad thing, becuase the game is good overall, but you get a glimpse of a game that is so much better!  If there's a sequal, I hope it keeps up the momentum from the end of the game.Overall, I thought it was a good game.  It was the game I wanted it to be.  It's well worth the $15, and I really can't wait to see what these devs do next."
76561197992509831,Recommended,401810,18968672,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,I'm a Little Lizard.,"Holy moly this combines some of the best platforming elements from mario, zelda, crash bandicoot and spyro and is awesome. Really Really hoping to see it finished"
76561198043928122,Recommended,401810,18971469,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Blogfor,"Great game. Needs to be fleshed out more but so far its pretty amazing. One bug I noticed was that the ""Big Spender"" achievment did not occur when I bought and item from the shop, I have purchased all items in the game as of right now and the achievemnt is still buged"
,Recommended,401810,19302996,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,You're like my left ventricle,this games cool
,Recommended,401810,24143725,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Twelfth,"This game is fantastic. I could pick some nits, but overall, it's absolutely stellar, especially for a title in early access. The devs are also active and attentive, which is a huge plus. Worth way more than the $9 I spent on it.Edit: I should address some of the criticism in the few negative reviews. I didn't feel like Poi ""ripped off"" Mario 64, although the influence is obvious. The gameplay is similar, but it has a different feel.The worlds are rather small right now, although there's a decent amount to do in them. There are five worlds containing seven medallions each, and you can do most of the medallions out of order. There's also something like nine ""challenge levels"". Then you can get two extra medallions in the first four worlds by logging all their locations and unearthing all their fossils, respectively. (There are 16 locations and 16 fossils in each world.) I hope the devs expand them, as it is only early access, but the worlds definitely don't feel empty at all.I didn't find the music annoying, as it's long enough to be looped without driving you insane. In fact, I liked it.The enemies were only recently implemented. They can be super annoying, especially the mole things that chuck rocks at you. But they're pretty on par with other games of this type, and they add both challenge and a source of coins/hearts. The devs have mentioned that they are going to be re-balancing the game's difficulty at some point, so they may change this. (Oh, that's another thing - difficulty tends toward the easy side for 3D platformers, but not ridiculously so.)In the same update, they added one friendly native race to each world. They're pretty barebones right now, but I'm hoping that they'll develop the narrative, as there's a lot of characters that could be excellent if given the chance."
76561197989937454,Recommended,401810,19139004,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,SNAKE PIMP,"Simple, charming, elegant, fun, and responsive. Simply put, if you like 3D platformers, this is a must have."
,Recommended,401810,19811014,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,[#!] Xarbit™,Really enjoy this game.
,Recommended,401810,18970973,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Tony Bamanaboni,"The game so far:Pros ++ The gameplay is extremely fun+ The ship hub mechanic is great+ Ability to actually explore the semi-open world hub is amazing+ Graphics are cute but a great nod to old fashioned Open World Platformers on the N64 and GameCube+ Characters are nicely designedCons -- Not much in the way of sound or effects (Though the game is still in beta so I won't harp on it too much)- Lack of Enemies, some more enemies would go a long way- Some minor bugsOverall:Cute, fun and to be honest it's by far the BEST Early Access Game I've ever played.If you loved the heck out of Super Mario Sunshine or Wind Waker as a kid, you'll really get a kick out of this game.Note -This review may update later on as the beta progresses."
76561198011469295,Recommended,401810,19009534,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,Jovax,"It as everything you can expect from a 3d platformer,The only negative thing is you can't die falling on the ground,Maybe fall damage would be good :DMUST HAVE GAME !"
,Recommended,401810,19043671,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,Felicity♡,"Fantastic throwback to SM64. Plays almost identically, good controls make platforming actually fun. Level design is also well done.Some performance issues; flickering mouse pointers, probably a memory leak that caused my PC to lock up. Reasonable issues for EA, but for the most part, the game is wonderful for being in EA- a good example for how an EA game should look at sale.Recommending this even while still in EA for casual platforming and ez fun."
,Recommended,401810,29660863,Posted: 2 February,all,Failsafe,"Okay, so having played through the first world of the game and a few of the optional side levels, I think this may be a good time to write my first ever review! I will be brief, this game is very fun. If you enjoy Super Mario Sunshine, or even 3D platformers in general, you will feel right at home in this game. The controls are great, and the flow of movement in the game is even better. Back to my reference of Sunshine, I can see a lot of inspirations from SMS in this game. The movement is very similar to SMS, which is great because it was pretty good. You have a double jump and a little dive thing you can do mid-air, and these combine to make it pretty fun to move vertically! I can definetely see this being a game that is played by speedrunners in the future. Another thing that reminded me of SMS was the design of the first level, it felt oddly nostalgic and comfortable. If you have ever played Sunshine, you will know what I mean when you head into the first world after the tutorial. Overall, I highly reccomend this game if you enjoy 3D platformers."
,Recommended,401810,20075738,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,theregoes2,"Having come from a strongly Nintendo based console history I recently found myself desperately wishing for more 3D platforming games. Thankfully there has been a resurgence in that genre among indie developers. I had been somewhat patiently following the development of games like Clive and Wrench, Freeze Me, A Hat In Time and others but none of them had a release date. I searched the Steam Store for 3D platformer, but couldn't find what I was looking for. Then I decided to search YouTube for Steam 3D Platformers and Poi was one of the first entries. I noticed that I missed the Kickstarter and that it hadn't reached it's funding and I was worried that meant I would never get to play it and it looked gorgeous. I decided to try my luck searching for it on Steam and found that it was available in Early Access. I bought it immediately.I've been burned by games before so I was cautiously optimistic as I was loading it up, but thankfully this game was everything I was hoping for. Not only is art style gorgeous, clean and bright, but the characters I've met in the games seem like they would be right at home in the best first party Nintendo games. Their animations and way of speaking appear to be heavily influenced by Zelda.There doesn't seem to be any enemies in the game (this is no longer the case), and yet I don't miss them. This game is a 3D platformer in its purest form. All of the thrill and the challenge comes from traversing the detailed environments which have several paths just like Super Mario 64. In fact, one of the first things I thought when I began to play the game was ""I have been waiting for a game like this since Mario 64."" As much as I love the Mario Galaxy games and the 3D Land/World games, none of them managed to recapture the feeling that I got when playing Mario 64. Poi has managed to recreate that feeling almost perfectly.I haven't completed the game, and it's early access so for all I know there is no end yet (I don't really know how early access works as this is the first time I've bought a game in early access) but I have faith that they will deliver one of the best 3D platforming experiences since the glory days of the N64."
,Recommended,401810,18918622,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Carnage,"Wears it's influences on its sleeve, but as a game wholeheartedly embracing the platforming principles of games past it's very good. Solid controls, good level design and a bit of unique charm. At this stage it is lacking polish, graphics aren't unpleasent but lack a complete feel, sound is nice but not massively inspired and has a few technical bips still.As an early access game it's amazingly robust, and worth the early investment. As a longer term project I'm excited to see more levels and items get added, along with hopefully some more polish on the other areas."
,Recommended,401810,18921830,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,silvercatalyst,"This game is great. It's well optimized, has a bunch of content for an early access game, and is totally worth 10 dollars. Although, it does need a lot of work. The character animations seem a bit odd, and voice acting would be very helpful for this game. The soundtrack is baren, and multiple songs are used for different levels. Obviously expected for an early access game, though! It's gorgeous, the controls are solid, the story is entertaining, the challenge levels bring a lot of fun, and overall it's just a great game.I normally refund a lot of games, and this one's a keeper."
,Recommended,401810,29706598,Posted: 4 February,all,Fox,"3D Platformer Similar to Marion 64Poi is a 3D platformer very reminiscent of the mid 90's early 2000's games like Mario 64, Banjo Kazooie and Spyro. The game functions very well, with the controls being smooth and the jumping is very easy to control. The game is a little easy for my taste, however I have not made it to the final areas of the game. You collect explorer medals (the games main collectable like stars in Mario 64) which unlock new areas. Coins can be also collected to buy a few items to make exploring more easier.It's a very safe platformer that doesn't take many risks in design choices, but it still is fun and simple. I do however have to criticise the hit boxes, some enemies are just impossible to jump on properly to kill them.I do recommend this game as it is fun, and nice to see indies start tackling 3D platformers, and I have no doubt that PolyKid next game will be a huge improvement.Check out my first part of the let's play, and subscribe to me for more great indie games and unboxings. If you love indie games and jokes, you and I will get along just finehttps://youtu.be/ERmNXZo4GZA"
,Recommended,401810,27054562,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Nate,"This game has become a real personal favourite. I've looked for a fun 3D platformer reminiscent of those I enjoyed on the Nintendo 64 back in the days, but was constantly disappointed with games that didn't feel right, some with really odd control schemes and other things that marred the experience, but then I found this game. Playing with a gamepad, the game captures that classic feel while incorporating all the modern elements I've come to enjoy like beautiful graphics (a cel-shaded style in this case). It has a well thought out gradual difficulty curve, features a variety of tasks (reaching and beating a boss, coin or item collection, finding a hiding NPC and such) over multiple vibrant worlds each with it's own atmosphere, enemies and friendly NPCs and interesting nooks and crannies to explore. I could not recommend this game any more to those searching for a great 3D platformer."
,Recommended,401810,29662028,Posted: 2 February,all,RinK✧,They should've named it Boi and you get the rest of where I was gonna go with this...
,Recommended,401810,29886272,Posted: 12 February,all,Holophone,Great game. Very much like Super Mario 64 but has its own charm. It isn't necessary to collect everything but if you like completing a checklist of collectables then this game is for you.
,Recommended,401810,19082575,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,Brentmeister,Great Game! Can't wait for more!Definitely a great spritual successor to Mario64. If you liked that game you'll love this one.
76561198082219377,Recommended,401810,19098421,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,StarDust,"Poi is an incredible, unique 3D platformer where you are training to become a Master Explorer by helping out another Master Explorer who's getting to old to do this. So by his request you go to different worlds to collect his explorer madallions for him. There's a ton to collect from madallions, to digging up fossils, to discovering new areas etc. You will meet different people along the way and the beautiful art and creative story/gameplay will have you fall in love with the world of Poi!10/10 A great new addition to the 3D platformers"
,Recommended,401810,27766199,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Lion,"EXCELLENT 3D action platformer. One of the few good modern ones that exist. It isn't as polished as Hat in Time, but man is it more fun. Poi's levels may not look as pretty, but they are surprisingly more fun to traverse and feel a LOT more like the source material (Mario 64, Banjo Kazooie, etc).Even though the game is currently (as of time writing this) in Early Access, it has a lot of excellent content to offer. Definitely check this one out. You won't regret it."
,Recommended,401810,23298527,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,OriginalVin,"TL;DR: Poi was an extremely fun 3D Platformer since the day it popped up on Early Access and, thanks to constant support, is really turning into something special.--A throwback to the N64/PSX days, but without being slavish to the exact design of one specific title, (the oddly named) Poi is a classic styled 3D Platformer where you play as a boy or girl explorer in a land of airships and magical islands who's tasked with finding medallions lost by an old man. The Old Man's Airship, and the sky around it, acts as your ""hub"" - you use the giant compass onboard to aim at an island and then set course to travel to that level. Polykid has been regularly adding in new Levels since launching this on EA too.Also of note, in the immediate airspace around the ship, there are a few floating points of interest; when this popped up on EA, there was just one guy with a cannon who could send you to challenge courses. Since then, the devs at Polykid have added Snowland, home to some delightful penguins, as well as a second explorer girl who will give you tips and pop up in levels for a game of hide n' seek.Once on the ground, your explorer controls fast and precisely. You're able to do a Super Mario 64-style triple jump (NOT jumping three times in the air), a backflip jump, a roll, a rolling jump, wall- and triangle-jumps, etc. They control really well; it's very responsive and they transition between animations - like going from running to balancing on a beam, climbing on a ladder or grabbing a ledge - super quickly and smoothly. Like a great classic 3D Platformer, it's a joy just to move around in these levels with these characters. Beyond the platforming, you have a few gadgets that can be purchased from the Old Man, like a telescope or a shovel. They're nothing earth shattering, but they add a little bit more to the levels, and help drive home that sense that you're exploring these locales for items and points of interest.The levels are large, wide and totally open - this is not modern-style super linear ""3D Platforming"" like Mario 3D World or Ratchet & Clank. No Point A to Point B, follow the path, ""nothing to see over here""-nonsense. Go wherever you want, explore! You don't even have fall damage, because that would just get in the way. Find medallions even if they're not for the mission you've selected! Hit switches you find to open up a new portion of the level! There's a lot of verticality to the levels, for lots of climbing opportunities. There are also stage hazards like moving platforms, bounce ropes, climbing walls, etc. The way everything's laid out, it's all just very engaging to traverse.When the game launched, there were no enemies, so it was purely just a platforming challenge (barring the occasional rolling boulders or electrified gears-on-ropes). Since then though, the devs have started populating the levels with simple little baddies and NPC's, so levels are even better now. They're starting to feel less barren and more of full of life in general. The enemies are extremely simple to take out - without any combat moves, you just jump on their head - but they add to the experience all the same.--The whole game feels great, is super charming & whimsical, and is just plain fun - everything a great 3D Platformer should be! It may not have the looks of something like Yooka Laylee, but it definitely deserves your attention if you're a fan of the genre, especially for this price. If you're worried about it feeling incomplete or not ever getting finished due to it's status in Early Access, I wouldn't worry about it - there's plenty here already to entertain for hours, and as I've said before, Polykid has been updating this pretty regularly. There's a sense of progression in place already and it's clear there's an endgoal in sight (literally; one of the updates has introduced a mysterious island with 4 locked doors that we'll eventually gain access to through a future update).Pick this up; it's an absolute joy to play that you're guaranteed to have fun with!"
76561198033493054,Recommended,401810,19126711,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,KRP,"A great game that I would recommend to everyone who enjoyed the old Nintendo 64 games like Banjo-Kazooie, Super Mario 64 and similar collect-a-thon 3D platformer games."
76561198104272825,Recommended,401810,29661082,Posted: 2 February,all,SloppyCake,"Its a fun game, very like mario , but not as close as sm 64. You can do the triple jump, instead of flexibility of side flipping everyehere, all you can do is sideflip from right to left, and i think whoever made this must have been inspired by skyward sword, music reminds of it, levels enemys/ enemy sounds. pretty decent game has its own orginialty. up to 20 medals who knows if ill continue to play, but no bosses so far. 7/10"
,Recommended,401810,29647709,Posted: 2 February,all,Alexandros,"It's a great little game in the spirit of Super Mario 64 and similar titles. The visuals and overall tone are really charming, the levels are varied and fun to play even though you will visit each one multiple times (with different objectives, paths to take and secrets to uncover thanks to newly acquired tools and your own improved playing skill), and the controls while not perfectly polished like Nintendo's efforts (in comparison it can be hard to jump on the smaller enemies and to time the double and triple jumping, both because of the camera and because everything feels a little bit floaty and weightless) make for an enjoyable feel with the amount of moves at your disposal. Buy it if you're interested in such old school 3D platforming games, I personally believe it's the best effort yet and of the few worthwhile ones, even if others got more publicity as this came out of nowhere! Every flaw is minor in contrast to the fun and charm within. Recommended!"
,Recommended,401810,26728559,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,mattjelly,"One of the better early access titles I've played on Steam.For those who wish the 3D platformer would make a comeback this is the game to support.Hub world is incomparable, platforming is good, collection, upgrades and fun exploration.Easily the best 3D platformer on Steam."
76561198031136337,Recommended,401810,18970219,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,(SGiP) God-Run Sky-Man,super mario 64 2
,Recommended,401810,29676806,Posted: 3 February,all,Luke,"For some reason my total hours is showing only about half the time I've played.I've owned since very early access and it's probably the best early access game I've purchased. There were constant updates, each update improving on the last and adding features, but the release is just fantastic. I love the new location, the new art, the costumes are a nice touch. The worlds might seem small at first, but there are a lot of hidden objects.If you rush the game, you can finish it in about 2-3 hours, although this was pretty standard for most platform games in the 90's. However, you won't want to rush this. You'll want to revisit each location to get all the explorer medallions, you'll want to do the challenges (I think I'm still top of leaderboard for a few of them).The controls are very smooth and responsive. The only issue is the camera in some areas. There are some areas where the camera locks and I'd really like to be able to rotate it around. Other than that, the camera is pretty good.You can also choose to be one of two characters, covering both genders (boy/girl), so it's pretty biologically accurate.Lastly, this is great for kids. My daughter calls this the ""game with the whale boat"" and she loves to watch it played. Older kids (6-12) will really enjoy this one, although some of the challenges and a few bosses might be tricky."
76561198220519669,Recommended,401810,29654779,Posted: 2 February,all,EndarkCuli,"An enjoyable 3D platformer that brings back fond memories of classic games without ever referencing them.  Plenty of time trials and challenges (with a good number of checkpoints here and there) mean that both casual gamers and experienced players will likely find something that appeals to them.  Whoever you are, I highly recommend trying this game out!"
,Recommended,401810,29660206,Posted: 2 February,all,Tales From The Dark Side,"Mmk, I have put in some time, beat a boss and i have seen enough to say this game make me smile with joy.If you like platformers this is a must have, has cool characters, music is epic and graphics are bright and chipper.I would have gladly paid more for this game for the joy it brought me, reminds me of when games were made to entertain it's players and not that corporate cash grab mentality AAA studios have now, so buy it now and thank me latter ;)"
,Recommended,401810,18927391,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Wormgalore,Fun and looks great when compared to most early access games. Great way to spend your time.
,Recommended,401810,29661911,Posted: 2 February,all,nintendiaz,A wonderful tribute to the N64 era of 3D platformers. This game has a lot of heart and soul poured into it. I am playing this with the steam controller and it feels natural. Overall this is a must-have for fans of 90s collectathon 3D platformers.
,Recommended,401810,29679258,Posted: 3 February,all,Paolo Pinkel,Very nice tribute to oldschool 3D platformers.
,Recommended,401810,21018190,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Sarge In Charge,"Poi is a very interesting fun platforming game. The levels are pretty well designed and fun to explore. The music is fun and always fits the levels, but after a while it gets repetitive. Poi has a lot of potential and im very excited for further updates. I put 2 and a half hours into it and perfected it, so in its current state there's not a lot of content.That being said, the content that is in the game is very fun. The game is very heavily inspired by games such as Super Mario 64 and Spyro. All in all, its a great beautiful well designed game with bursting with potential and I hope with updates this game becomes even better. It gets a 8/10 from me.EDIT: The new update added LOTS of content. New characters, medals, locations etc. The content they added is challenging, but for the most part its fair.There are still things I would change from the game, as an example: when you get a medal, you are forced to leave the level, this can be annoying if you want to get all the medals in a level, but it just gets annoying sometimes."
76561198021974294,Recommended,401810,29638051,Posted: 1 February,all,crashlanding87,"DelightfulA lovely throw back to the great N64 platformers, like mario 64 and banjo kazooie.So far the difficulty level hasn't been that high, but then I'm not far in. There seems to be tons of content.great game overall!"
76561198077323062,Not Recommended,401810,30151237,Posted: 24 February,all,Photon,"I'm not entirely sure how to talk about Poi. I don't think most, myself included, expected this to be the next ""Super Mario 64."" Its important to look at Poi for what it accomplishes in its own right, even if it can't match the greats that clearly inspired it. But since Poi doesn't really have any contemporaries (yet,) this kind of comparison is almost bound to happen. Trying to give level-headed praise or criticism is almost like trying to walk a tightrope.At the end of the day, we should try to like Poi for what makes it unique. A game may not have the same level of quality as its predecessors, but a unique twist or hook that at the very least makes it distinct and enjoyable in its own right. For me, that's what ultimately tilts this towards a non-recommendation. Poi gets the basics down pretty well but by and large struggles to move beyond a gameplay skeleton we've seen several times before.So yes, Poi is undoubtedly a 3D platformer collectathon. Believe me when I say the ""collectathon"" is strong with this one and the game plays off the explorer motif rather well. You need to find gears, keys, fossils... all sorts of stuff. At your disposal are several explorer tools like a shovel and compass that you can purchase and a bevy of movement options that will be familiar to fans of the genre. If anything Poi is straightforward and to the point, and if you want a game to just auto-pilot on for awhile Poi can definitely fill that role.In general, Poi is pretty laid-back. The simplistic graphics and music are charming and the gameplay pretty chill. Even in death, there's not much to lose since most areas are filled with checkpoints. The game also tries to inject its own personality through the explorer spin, having you scope out landmarks and photograph wildlife to fill out a journal. There's almost always something to do or find and you can explore it at your own leisure.But despite the depth of content, there are parts where the execution just feels dreadfully lazy. This goes beyond simply having a lot of the same collectables, which arguably would be expected. Its the fact that the game settles on mundane, cut-out tasks again and again as a means to dispense rewards. Need to wash off the bell? Move this object. Fix the tower? Move this object. Power up the windmill? Again, these fetch-questing and button-pressing escapades are nothing new to the genre, but there is only a thin creative layer over top of it. The collection aspect isn't necessarily the problem here; its the means of collection that can quickly become tedious.Do the environments themselves help make up for this? Unfortunately, we're definitely in well-trodden territory here as well. Canyons, volcanoes, snowy fields... been there, done that. Its here that the simplistic graphics sort of work against the locales, as they struggle to infuse much-needed personality into the different worlds. I don't recall many times when I looked off in the distance, eager to explore. Particularly in the first half of the game (and there's only about a half-dozen core worlds,) the locales aren't very large or interesting.However, I will give credit where credit is due and say the latter half of the game does step things up a little. The worlds get a bit bigger, and the end-level in particular I found to be a satisfactory challenge (at least compared to the rest of the game.) Again, Poi has the foundation in place... I just feel like it drags its feet a little too much, then ends right when it starts to finally click the pieces into place.No doubt Poi is going to find its audience if it hasn't already. In particular, I feel like it would be great for a beginner who is less familiar with the 3D platformer niche. All that being said, I still personally give this a reserved non-recommendation. There was some fun to be had in my playthrough, but the extremely ""paint-by-numbers"" nature of this game is something I'm not giving a pass on."
,Recommended,401810,21765618,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Sir Cow✎ #FAKE TAXI,It's a good game but I don't think there is enough content for $15 but thats just me.
,Recommended,401810,29641503,Posted: 1 February,all,♥ Get(Color) ♥,"This game advertises itself as a throw-back to the great N64 era 3d platformers - and it does not disappoint! Adorable art style, great movement mechanics, incredibly fun. Can't recommend this game enough!"
,Recommended,401810,29679658,Posted: 3 February,all,tentus,"I've been following the game for about a year or so, and have been exceedingly happy with it as it has progressed. Controls are tight, graphics are charming, music is catching as ****, and there's plenty to do. I'd highly recommend this to anyone who likes platformers."
,Recommended,401810,29641343,Posted: 1 February,all,FockinUppity,Although this game is lacking in visuals and music for me it excells in feeling just like mario64 and I love it to bits.
,Recommended,401810,24036815,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,CitizenLunkhead,"Mascot platformers died in the mid 2000s, when MurderDeathKillAllYourFriends games like GTA and COD were the big sellers. Don't get me wrong, those are fine games especially GTA, but when thats all there is outside of the realm of sports games, its nice to see something a little different. With that in mind, Poi.Poi is a modern take on mascot platformers, especially Mario 64 and Sunshine which feel the most like Poi does in terms of graphics, level design and gameplay asthetics. But it still has enough going on to warrent a purchase on its own rather than just reminding people about how good those games were. The graphics and sound do harken back to that era of platformer and can feel a bit like it's pandering towards player's sense of nostalgia but it doesn't feel patronizing. The levels follow that traditional theme pattern that was common in old platformers, Forest World, Fire World, Sand World, Ice World and Cave World. However, at this stage they feel a bit plain where the complexity of the levels is skin deep and their gimmick gets old fast, especially when you're trying to get all the fossils and locations. Hopefully the levels get more fleshed out in the final version.Moving to gameplay, and right off the bat, the jumping feels amazing, like one of the best jumping mechanics I've ever seen in a platformer. While it might not look that great graphically, I've been able to pull off some awesome jumps that look as cool as they feel to pull off with a great level of precision. If Playkid ever decides to make a parkour game, I'd be all over it because they know how to make great controls.Gameplay wise, it follows the collectathon standards of 90s mascot platformers, where progression is determined by collecting everything and it can be addicting at times. The big problem is that there isnt a lot on offer right now. Five somewhat small levels and a bunch of really fun challenge stages. In the three hours I've played of it, I probably completed about 70% of the game and seen pretty much everything the game has to offer in its current state. Obviously it's still in Early Access but for a game that plays as well as it does, the fact that there's so little annoys me.Compared to a lot of Early Access games, which expects people to pay money for something that wouldn't be acceptable on Newgrounds or Kongregate, let alone a game that costs money on Steam (coughKimulatorcough),  Poi has a lot of really great elements that show how much effort the team at PlayKid is putting towards the game. However, I can't recommend it at full price based on the content availible right now. If you can get it during a sale like I did, it's worth it. Otherwise, put it on your wishlist and wait for launch. Its still worth playing, even at this state, but doesn't yet have the content to justify it's $15 price tag.Unelected Game Reviews:Beats Being an Anime Fan on Prom Night"
76561198066510407,Recommended,401810,29431784,Posted: 22 January,all,Littlefish,"So Steam won't let me post this review without giving it a ""Recommend"" or ""Do not Recommend"". Since it's well made, and with love, I'm giving it a thumbs up. But don't let that override my original ""review"":So... this game is... fine. Just fine. Let me explain:It's in early access. When I got it, I wondered why; it seemed pretty damn near complete. It was a great ""zen game"", to just space out with, enjoying the instantly gratifying physics and mechanics of this Mario64-esque platformer. Some content was clearly missing, but it was obviously ""complete"" enough for the devs to be fine with selling, none too cheap. The platforming was just challenging enough to not be boring, while it was an overall carefree and stress-free easygoing gameplay experience, with a matching artistic aesthetic. Very kid-friendly.Then I took a break from it for a few months. Updates were made.When I came back to the game, it was changed. Not unrecognizably, but in the essence of what it was. I don't know if it was always the devs' plan (which is likely), or if it was in response to/anticipation of mainstream criticism, but they had added enemies.This changed everything. At the point I was then playing it at, the mechanics had not changed, so there was no new attack function, save jumping on the enemies' heads, which it seems the game was not built for. There is a reason Mario64 added a ""punch"".Moreover, the addition of enemies and timed challenges stripped this game of its originality and unique appeal. The 3D Mario games already exist, and if I wanted to play them, I would already do that. It has lost its ""zen game"" feel, and some of its accessibility to small children (which it clearly had prior to the new additions).Which is not to say that these new additions ruin the game, or make it ""bad"". It's just sad that when I thought I had found something truly unique, original, and fun - a new itiration of an old formula -, it turns out this was considered ""incomplete"", and was changed to match consumer expectations of a 3D platformer, following a 20-year-old formula to a T.If you like the 3D Marios, and want more of the same, the current game is great, and I recommend it. And I hope they can salvage some originality here, going forward. If it's innovation you're looking for though, the current iteration of this game is not the place to find it."
,Recommended,401810,29635228,Posted: 1 February,all,juicejunk,"Poi is a very clean, polished and enjoyable platformer.  It calls back to many of the best 3D platformers and is right on par.Fun for the whole family and I highly recommend it."
,Recommended,401810,19895583,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Finn 🐧,OMG OMG OMGMax comfy.
76561198066228209,Recommended,401810,30954263,Posted: 4 April,all,Groana Lisa,Pros: It's Super Mario 64 but with much better jpeg.Cons: A few stock sound effects. DansGame
,Recommended,401810,20127721,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,TheStarHawk,Straight up a 3D Mario clone... WHICH IS AWESOME.
,Recommended,401810,24044398,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,YoloSwagger,Super Mario 64 + Zelda the Windwaker all over again!
,Not Recommended,401810,30491826,Posted: 13 March,all,Milo,"I desperately want to love Poi, but it just won't let me. I see a game that looks like a love letter to Mario 64 and the opening impression I had is that they did a bang up job, but the further I go the more frustrating all the little problems are. I really started to have a problem when I hit the octopus boss of Cozy Canyon. I've never been so bored and annoyed during a boss fight. I tried standing around waiting for the boss to come to me. I tried chasing after it. Ultimately I got sick of trying to I just left my character stood over the bomb spawn just kicking them in front of me hoping eventually the boss would come near enough for me to hit it. After about 4 minutes it did, and I kept hitting it with bombs before it could de-spawn until it died. It was painfully anti-climactic.Other issues I had with the game include small but similar issues like trying to get my character to latch onto a climbable grate except even pressed right up against it they wouldn't re-orient themselves and latch on. So I just fell to my death while pressed against the climbable surface. The lack of i-frames can also be a problem. At least early on none of the enemies pose any real threat, unless you happen to get caught in a corner with one and they trap you in a loop where you can't recover and simply die. I don't imagine that happens often, but it was quite vexing the one time I had to put up with it. Overall it just gives the impression of a game that desperately needs more polish. My last issue is the camera, anytime it forces a perspective on you the game becomes instantly less fun to play. There's a section where you need to climb a rotating spiral of increasingly taller platforms and the forced perspective makes it more of a hassle than it needed to be.It sounds good, it looks good, and when you're just platforming or interacting with the games pleasant characters it's a very fun time. The whimsical tone of the game is just severely undermined by some very clearly rushed sections and minor issues that could probably be fixed fairly easily. I sincerely hope Polykid isn't done with this game and they come back to tighten things up a bit and maybe liven up any set pieces like that Cozy Canyon octopus boss. Because I really do want to love this game but in it's current state it just won't let me."
,Recommended,401810,29722575,Posted: 5 February,all,Oweno,nice game
76561198052589908,Recommended,401810,29702680,Posted: 4 February,all,grobnar1324,"I'm about to put this game under a pretty harsh microscope, so let me preface everything by saying that I quite like this game. It's a charming and enjoyable 3D platformer filled with a sence of lightheartedness and whimsy that games largely lost sight of in the past generation. If you ever find youself yearning for the days of Crash Bandicoot, Banjo-Kazooie, and especially Super Mario 64, you owe it to yourself to check this out. That said, I have a fair few criticisms that I feel are worth talking about.The worst offender is combat, which is dreary to the point that I almost wish it wasn't there. Enemies are dealt with with either a jump or a roll. But because the drop shadow takes a moment to cast, performing a controlled jump is weirdly difficult for me. The roll meanwhile has a certain window of effectiveness that, if mistimed, can not only get you hurt, but knock you into an even more compromising position than if you just attempted a jump. What's more, the roll just doesn't feel good as a mode of attack. All of these niggles conspired to make a strategy where I stood stock-still and jumped as enemies ran straight under my crushing feet of justice. This worked for 90 percent of enemies, even if they were in a mob. I'm not expecting a God of War combat system, but suffice to say I was missing Super Mario Galaxy's Spin attack.The characters that you fun into feel pretty throwaway. They all have their purpose, and dispense medallions like they're supposed to, but that's all they feel like: Medallion dispensers. They don't move, really and repeat the same dialogue over and over again. It's a bit of a shame, because some of the characters look pretty cool, and you run into them a lot during your adventures.There are other bugbears; Audio feels weirdly muted at places. The stand-out example is when I opened a treasure chest that was hidden in a cave, and coins gushed out of it in eerie silence. It brought the whole moment down with a sense of anti-climax. Another little thing is the fact that the mole enemies leave a permanent mound when you defeat them, which for some reason is steep enough that your character goes into a sliding animation when you run off of it. And since you can only defeat the moles by jumping on them, you may slip into the animation a lot, which serves to make combat even more annoying. Oh, and a bit of advice: on your first run, turn off the compass. Not only does it make exploration more fun, but for some reason the thing will show quest items, such as keys even when you very diliberately did not pick the key mission. On that note, some missions you can complete and continue exploring the level, and some will automatically transport you back to the hub, and the best way to find out which is which is trial and error.But really, my biggest problem is the lack of creativity on display. For a game about going on a grand adventure, the mission design feels so rote and by the numbers. The key mission I referenced earlier? There is one in every single level, and few of the other missions are any more inspired. In fact, I would say most of the best moments are the Merchant's challenge levels which have less to do with collecting contextless keys and more to do with platforming over lava-spewing boulders and luging on icy superslides. I say most, because a stand-out mission for me was at Mount-Magma where __BEGIN SPOILERS you have to place bombs around the map to uncover a golgen temple thing that you start sliding and platforming around END SPOILERS__ I wish there were more moments like that, moments that make the world feel more tactile and alive, rather than just a big lump peppered with keys and ""Points of Interest."" Don't get me wrong- I liked the idea of looking for points of interest; you're an adventurer, after all. But like the treasure chest, it filled me with a resounding sense of anti-climax. Finding points of interest rewards you with Medallions, but I was far more interested to learn more about the history (or lore) of the points I'm looking at. There are strange books and momentos and bones of failed expeditions that amount to just boxes to check off. It's a strange thing, because the fossils and creatures you take pictures of produce the bios I want, the bios an explorer with a book would presumably make (Though I still wish they were a bit longer).All of this may sound like I'm down on the game, but I'm really not. Poi is a delightful platformer that I would heartily recommend to any fans of this nigh forgotten genre. This game has flashes of utter brilliance, like the first time you jump off the ship to find you can fly across the Sky. I was genuinely giddy, filled the sense of wonder you just don't get from a military shooter. I'm being harsh because I am now a believer in PolyKid, and I only want to see their next game, whether it's Poi 2 something completely different, be the absolutely gem that I am convinced they can make."
76561198027111286,Recommended,401810,21737218,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Mr. Mouse,"Poi I feel is a reminder of variety in platforming that has seemingly been lost sight of since the console days of the playstation and N64 days. There's a lot of heart in the game, and in it's current state it has some good moments to offer. While I feel certain area's are traversed, let alone finished far too quickly, there is a good sense of flow for each area to travel to. I do have a minor complaint with the feel of jumping, especially concerning interacting with other surfaces, as it feels so sudden and with so much weight, it almost goes against the light jump before it. Complaints aside, I would recommend Poi even in it's early access state. If the kid in you isn't dead just yet, you'll feel right at home with the familiar design elements from the back then days."
76561198123903649,Recommended,401810,22059655,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,SergeantRookieHD,"Just... Nostalgia, it really does feel like a classic platformer. if you enjoyed games like that back in the day or have never experienced a great platformer, then Get Poi!!!"
76561198033659337,Recommended,401810,30753272,Posted: 26 March,all,Perturbed Luigi,"Poi is an old school 3D platformer inspired by games like Super Mario Sunshine and Rocket Robot on Wheels. with a bright, cartoony and family friendly atmosphere. Made by a very dedicated team of developers, this game looks amazing and plays very smoothly at medium settings on my R7, and even play consistantly at 40 rames or so on max settings.let's get into the short and sweet of it.THE GOODTight, easy to pick up controls with suprising depth.Good varity in gameplay styles.Large, visually interesting and densely packed levels.Tons of collectables to find.Extra replay value with a ""New Game Plus""The game seems to encurage speedrunning.THE BADCurency becomes useless after the first level or two.Enemy hitboxes can be finicy and often lead to unfair deaths.Some mechanics and puzzles are poorly explained.If you want a number, I'll say 7 out of 10.This is a great platformer, I highly recemend it for casual adult gamers and for children alike."
,Recommended,401810,24219250,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,NarrackUK,"A good solid if a little simple 3d platformer. It reminds me of the old PS1 games I used to play, In a good way."
,Recommended,401810,22578660,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,randybruder,"Very fun, despite beating the whole game in 3 hours (at least all the content available at this time)."
,Recommended,401810,25220882,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Dorrivix,"such a fun game! even if it is in alpha. heck, it even plays good with the mouse & keyboard and that's saying something! most 3D platformers on the PC that are released aren't up to snuff on their k&m controls.That said I ran into a couple of bugs, not really major, for example I was shot up into the stratosphere by hitting a moving platform in just the right spot. some sounds I noticed are missing, such as certain enemy noises, and a boss lacked any noise whatsoever, but this is early access, I don't mind it one bit.only thing I'd complain about would be the way the camera jerks toward ""protagonist A/B"" when you place it next to some geometry, it's just kinda jarring. other than that i've really got nothing."
,Recommended,401810,24762425,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,doerteshobby.com,"Everyone who loved classic 3D platformers like Super Mario 64 will feel at home here. Even though the game is in Early Access, there is a lot of content and a lot to come, too.The visuals are not the most detailed, but in my opinion that fits the game very well. The low-poly look is what made Super Mario 64 playable till this day and I feel like Poi will be the timeless classic on PC what Mario was on the N64. The aesthetics and theme of the game are really cute and there's not a lot of violence – if you jump on enemies, they vanish in smoke –, so in my opinion you can very well let children play it.There's a progressing story and the levels (""worlds"") of Poi introduce the core mechanics one by one with cute little text boxes. There's a lot to explore and you can collect various artifacts and medaillons. I found some mystery island and I wonder what happens there later in the game!Poi is developed on top of the Unity3D engine, so if you can run other Unity3D games well, this will be no exception. I only had one crash in a few hours of gameplay on 64 bit Arch Linux which I'll attribute to my system and not the programming of Poi."
76561198314014508,Recommended,401810,29710745,Posted: 4 February,all,RatOnTheMoon,https://youtu.be/37YKI8QAamU. You can find gameplay on my channel at RatOnTheMoon. I had a blast playing this. It definately has the potential the grow and be a defining indie game. The game just needs more exposure.
,Recommended,401810,30862022,Posted: 31 March,all,♰Noxah✨Nukem♰,"Game got me hooked up for about 6-7 hours. I was playing this without any breaks for the first 4 hours. I must say this is a brilliant, well made game. It's one of the best platformer games I ever played. It has great atmospheric, it's fun, got beatiful graphics. It's so damn neat I classify this as one of the best 3D Platformer games in 2017. This is a must play if your into Adventure/Explorer games. The game is complete with no bugs etc as it was in early access."
,Recommended,401810,31511929,Posted: 2 May,all,Void,its nice
76561198157137722,Recommended,401810,29141109,Posted: 9 January,all,KingUrameshi,This game is pretty good. Tight controls and camera angles. The worlds are nice and are nothing special and the overworld hub is constantly expanding in the beginning. Their are time trials for most missions if you want to frustrate yourself with that or you can just take it at your own pace. The game is quite relaxing as it is extremely casual. I recommend to pick this up only when it is on sale as the asking price is a bit much for the content that is provided.
,Recommended,401810,29749497,Posted: 6 February,all,eman_,"OH GAWD, THAT NOSTALGIA~!!!!!!!!! <3<3<3•••••I've went through the game! 10/10, I'd get the sequel if it ever happened~"
,Recommended,401810,29754504,Posted: 6 February,all,Drewid,Highly recommend it. Takes me back to my childhood and makes me excited for see more from this developer.Check out my vid for impressions and gameplay:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i41zgcS7QUc
,Recommended,401810,24507782,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,#NoWords (Jess),this game is fun...u get to use a controller and discover different places and ya
76561197963603405,Not Recommended,401810,23778869,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Wargoul,"I'm trying to figure out why this has been so overwhelmingly positively reviewed. My conclusion is that people have been deprived of a half decent actual 3D platformer for years.It controls well enough for a platformer. Jumping is spot on and all the other basic manuevers work. Where it's lacking is that it just isn't much fun. This mostly boils down to level design, which is weak throughout. The looping music quickly gets annoying as well. The recent inclusion of enemies has been implemented awfully. In games like this they should just bumble around and be available for necessary coins or hearts. Here they actively cheaply attack you by burrowing underground, throwing objects, or not being contacted properly when being landed on. These enemies are really the only challenging aspect of the game. The platforming is ridiculously easy, and grows tiresome quickly. It only makes sense that the main character(s) would be just as dull as the rest of the game.I understand people are hungry for games from the genre that has been brought back from the dead, but I would pass on this one.. for now at least. Maybe drastic changes will be made and I'll give it another chance, but I'm left unimpressed with what's available at this point. I do recommend another similar game in FreezeMe. Or go back to the original greatness of Super Mario 64 or its dark tribute in Vexx."
,Recommended,401810,29128897,Posted: 8 January,all,KirbyFan45,"Here is Poi, a game that I wanted for a while, and I really like it, especially more than FreezeMe! Solid platforming, good controls, and great 60fps graphics that only dip when something crazy is going on, but there are some flaws, but since the game is still being worked on. So here devs, here are some things to make you #1, so listen to this trickery, because it can go in your history: 1;Nerf enemies. Mostly, the enemies are ok, except the moles! Seriously, they are so wrong! But they can just be slowed. 2;Health. You don't get enough health, considering how many times you get hit, so I recommend that each heart represents 2 hits instead of one. 2.5;Currency when hit. Don't make the player lose money when hit, ok mate? 3;Better way of getting medallions. Like in Mario 64, you get sent to the hub after getting a major collectible, but in Mario 64, it was faster. I just wish it were faster here. 4;Underwater. I am sure people don't like water levels, but like the atmosphere, so you can add underwater gameplay for the atmosphere. Every bit helps. 5;Better variety between the 2 characters. Maybe this is already in the game and I didn't notice, but I want the characters to be more different. I mainly use the Girl, but I have some ideas for variety: Make the Girl faster and the Boy tankier.I hoped you learned something devs, so now YOU can be #1. I can't believe I put in a few Lazytown references.The full version is out now and the devs ignored me. Ouch."
,Not Recommended,401810,29731148,Posted: 5 February,all,fungusdude4,"Poi is competent, but ultimately lacking anything unique or surprising. The characters, locations, and level design all reek of the banal and generic. I can't tell if I had fun with this game or if if my life has been made any richer because of its existence. I could point out flaws and such, but I'm not feeling impassioned enough to do so. Please, if you decide to play this, do not go in expecting the next Super Mario 64 or Banjo-Kazooie. Do not expect something memorable."
76561197986296269,Not Recommended,401810,31086718,Posted: 11 April,all,Florian Squid,"controls arent very responsive, colliders are weird at times, the game seems very unorigianl it borrows heaviely from super mario, zelda, gex and I am sure many other games I can't think of!character design of the nerd potatoes is grotesque and when you talk to them they are always scared of something stupid."
76561198331548798,Not Recommended,401810,31216168,Posted: 18 April,all,ObnoxiousSword69,not worth the money with how rubbish it is
76561197999203253,Not Recommended,401810,29680162,Posted: 3 February,all,Voltrey,"I am eligible to write a review but do keep in mind that i played a total of 15 minutes before i hung it up so you have to judge for yourself if this critique is fair or not.Just because a genre is and lacking does not mean that all iterations that do come out are unique or interesting based on that merit. That's the thought that struck me here.This game tries to be Super Mario 64 or Sunshine in spirit but it's borin, generic, a cardboard cutout. The low production value is strikingly apparent wich is detrimental considering other indie games manage to be interesting and are able to set themselves apart. Poi does not achieve that. It doesn't have the quirky atmospere and creative objectives of an N64 rare platformer, it doesn't have the polish, level design and unique mechanics of a Nintendo platformer. It essentially lacks any spice and flavor for me to have an enjoyable experience."
,Recommended,401810,29710747,Posted: 4 February,all,Halsor,Step 1: Buy gameStep 2: EnjoyStep 3: Die 7 timesStep 4: Rage QuitStep 5: Rejoin 50 minutes laterStep 6: Repeat Step 3 to Step 6 until you had enoughStep 7: See that you have 673 hours of play time.Step 8: Buy the soundtrack10/11 IGN
,Not Recommended,401810,32234054,Posted: 7 June,all,Chef Tom,I regret buying this game. It just felt like a cheap mobile version of Super Mario 64.2/10
,Not Recommended,401810,24099532,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,KONJO,"Im going to keep it short.To the developers: There is a difference between being inspired and just literally copying a game (Mario 64).So since they are literally trying to copy Mario 64, let's give it a score compared to Mario 64.2/10.I bought this game for around 9 euros, and I think it wasn't worth it. A lot of bugs and very few levels and yeah just a lot of copy pasting.PS: All the positive reviews look very fake / paid."
,Not Recommended,401810,21197355,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Your Local Village Magician,"This game promises us to take us back to the golden age of platformers, and it does, in a way. Remember when platforms like Mario 64 and Banjo-Kazooie became popular, and how every company tried to capture a piece of that market? Ty the Tasmanian Tiger and Vexx. Remember licensed platformers after popular TV shows?Do you remember their clunky, floaty controls that glitched out and got stuck in the wall?What about the camera that you could never get to point where you want, and clipped through the world half the time?Or how their haphazard ""cartoony"" art style made it difficult to platform because the flat shading made it hard to perceive depth?What about when they tried to turn on fancy realistic shadow, but then you couldn't tell where you would land, so they just made your character have both a realistic shadow, and a dot shadow under you?How about when they just copied another game's levels directly, because they didn't have any ideas of their own? Except it somehow looks worse than the original, despite the near-15-year difference between them. No? Because none of those old games did that, and yet Poi did.Poi brought me back to the golden age of platformers, by reminded me that these existed, and that they were not good games. And neither is Poi.I'm aware this game is Early Access. It's still a bad game right now. If it ever becomes a good game through updates, I will re-review it. Please let me know when that happens."
,Recommended,401810,30326135,Posted: 4 March,all,MrOmniscient,"I can't recommend this game enough for fans of 3D platformers who've wanted a comeback of the genre for years. And for everyone else, Poi is a pretty great example of why the genre was so beloved, with enough fresh ideas up its sleeve to help it stand apart from its obvious Mario 64 inspiration."
,Not Recommended,401810,29822396,Posted: 10 February,all,ye,Not worth its money. 6 hours of content.
,Recommended,401810,30631612,Posted: 20 March,all,Ramenion,"I don't really want to spoil anything for anyone that's on the fence about this title. I went in blind, didn't read any reviews, just picked it up, and played.What I will say: If you enjoy any old school platformers from the N64 era. You really will love this game. Soundtrack is great, and the gameplay is fun. Take it all in.Lots of wonder to experience, quirky characters and enemies as well. The price is definitely worth what you're gettting.  Completed 100%, and I only do that for titles I enjoy."
,Recommended,401810,20559978,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,X82,Pretty good game. I would have hoped that it would have had a third world and some challenge. If you want to hear more of my opinion about the game check out my review of this game.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dBtUr9dIcFo
,Recommended,401810,20511157,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,ArcadeHero,"For an early access game, I am really impressed with this one. I was growing quite tired of all the sidescrolling ""retro"" games. There's plenty of good titles in that variety, but I feel like the market is getting oversatuated with those. I've been itching for a game that's more remniscient of Super Mario 64 or Banjo Kazooie, and that is the direction Poi is taking. The objectives, for the most part, focus more on platforming than exploring....very welcome in my book. I hope that we see more enemies/hazards in the future, however. It's a bit on the easy side and feels a bit empty with no monsters walking around in the environments to challenge me. Still a fantastic beginning, however, and I'd reccomend it for anyone who grew up with a N64 or Playstation and has fond memories of this genre. It's one that gets very little love these days."
,Recommended,401810,26005181,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,The13thSon,"I just started playing this and wow did I go back in time. I played Tomba as a kid, and this... this just nails the brief. Everything from the quaint audio to the general mechanics (which could use some work - but for early access it's amazing) to the feel of meeting unusual characters who just bring you joy.Dammit! To put it bluntly, charming AF. I will be awaiting the full release. Please do not let us down. I'll pay twice to make this happen #giftidea.Thoroughly looking forward to the road ahead. Good luck guys. I appreciate your effort."
76561198014041816,Recommended,401810,25763326,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Orion,"PoiFun N64 style platforming, with fairly embedded respects to the Super Mario 64 game. Had fun playing this game late 2015 and have enjoyed seeing it grow through updates since then. Slightly kiddish in difficulty, but can still be fun for the adults who grew up with games like these."
,Recommended,401810,31944253,Posted: 24 May,all,SilverKerfuffle,"I don't usually leave reviews for games, but I couldn't sit back and do this game any kind of disservice. I was looking for a platformer that felt like Super Mario 64 and Poi delivered that experience. Some animations looked a little stiff and some bosses were a little annoying to hit and felt drawn out as a result, but overall I loved every mission, world, and sidequest this game had to offer. If you're a fan of Super Mario 64, you'll love Poi."
76561198020135761,Recommended,401810,31778894,Posted: 15 May,all,Admiral_Kulakov,"It's like many classic Nintendo games: the focus is on gameplay, not on graphics.Even there, this game was visually beautiful, fun, and an entertaining ride while it lasted. Definitely worth the pricetag, short, sweet, and to the point."
76561198041162922,Recommended,401810,31927357,Posted: 23 May,all,Mech,"If you're looking for a platformer based on the 3D Mario games (action and exploration), Poi will provide you with your fix. Poi's controls have a strong resembles to Mario-esque controls (wall jump, triple jump anyone?) and there are multiple worlds you travel to and complete various challenges. Challenges are easy and casual unless you're trying to beat times on the leaderboards. Visuals are beautiful and the soundtrack fits the world well. Downside is that game won't have much depth and unless you're looking to collect everything, beating the game will take a few hours."
,Recommended,401810,31592657,Posted: 6 May,all,firemaiden9510,"Right now I absolutely can not recommend this game. It is beautiful and I am sure it is a blast. However there is a real problem with the camera. It is choppy and lags horribly. I have to sit on each platform and fiddle with the camera in an effort to try and get it to face the right way before attempting to jump. The very first level I spent 7 minutes on. I can hardly even use the menu because every like 5 seconds the arrow freezes. I finally had to give up on the first actual level because I was getting no where. The game is absolutely unplayable. I have been searching everywhere for a fix and have seen that other people have the same issue. Yet there is no real solution (or cause it seems). It's not my mouse, it works fine when the game is not up. It's not my computer either. It's the game. None of this would have caused me to leave a review without getting to really try out the game, but I have tried to get help in multiple ways. I posted on Poi's facebook. I know they saw it,  because it's posted...but hidden. I posted in the forums. Nothing. I sent Polyid an email and have heard nothing. With zero customer service or solutions I can't recommend the game.I want to enjoy the game because it is beautiful and the music is great. It really strikes a nostalgia bone because it is just like the old school 3D platformers. It looks like fun! But because the game is unplayable I can not recommend it. I can recommend that if you do decide to buy it you play it IMMEDIATELY to see if this is an issue for you (because like I said I'm not the only person with this issue). I bought this in Feb and only just played it this week. I had a feeling I would not get my money back but I tried for a return anyways, of course no luck. So for now, I wasted my  money. Hopefully they get around to fixing the issue soon.Edit: I finally got to play the game! The developer has no idea why the game will not run on my computer. We talked back and forth a bit and they gave me a code to put it on my playstation 4, so know that my review is based off of playing it on that platform. I LOVE this game! It did exactly what I wanted it to do, which is stroke that nostalgia bone. I love the lay out of the ""levels"" too. There are only 4 actual levels in the game, but each level has various tasks you have to complete in each one. Once you have earned enough medallions you get to move on to the next area. There are a ton of collectables to find. There are also a bunch of mini games and challenages in the Sky that you can do to earn medallions and to just have fun doing. Once you beat all the challenges you can do them all again, but they add elements to them. The game jumps considerably in difficulty at the end of it. The rest of the game is relaxing fun. Difficult at times but not super hard. The hardest parts of the game for the most part are finding all the locations and fossils and costumes. The tasks in the actual levels aren't too bad though. So I was suprised when I got to the end and it was so much more difficult. I LOVED it though. It was the fun kind of diffcult. I can't say how long the base game takes to beat, but in 16 hours I think it was I beat the game and collected EVERYTHING. Got every trophy except the beating it on new game+ and the got all the trophies trophy. So it's not a super long game. That works for me though! I'm a mom to a toddler and it has been ages since I had the time to actually play a game to completion. So being able to play this game from start to finish and have so much fun playing it was awesome. I was kind of bummed that you don't find the Master Explorer's wife. I kind of expected her to show up at some point, but I guess we just assume she is dead? Some other aspects of the game that I liked are the music and the graphics. I would have liked to have seen maybe a few more enemies. I'm also a bit curious why only 3 of the 4 levels have a boss.My only complaint is that I would like to see them make it a bit more apparent who you go to to get some of the medallions from collecting stuff. I spent a good 30 minutes running about trying to find out who I went to to get my location medallions after I found all the locations. I had no clue I needed to go to the space guy, I activated his mission before I was supposed to on accident though so I may have some how skipped his dialogue. I actually talked to the little girl on the ship for the first time trying to figure that out and found out there was a whole other 10 medallions from tasks she gave you. I had never once talked to her on the ship, never though to. I actually got a kick out of it though because when I looked at her tasks I had already gotten every one except the rolling one. I just had to accept all the medallions from her. I never once rolled the entire game though, the tutorial doesn't tell you how to roll so I...never rolled. So for that I spent like 20 minutes just rolling all over Cozy Canyon once I figured out how to roll. So other than the rolling I spent zero time trying to do her tasks cause I didn't know they were available till I was picking up the one or two items in each area I needed to get to get the trophies.End thing though is that I DEFINITELY recommend the game. It's a ton of fun. Not to mention my son enjoyed watching me play it. I was super satisfied at the end and am looking forward to playing it through again for those last two trophies. I am leaving my original review up though for those that buy it for PC just in case they might have the same issue I did with the moust stalling. Though they said they are doing an update soon that may fix the issue, don't know if it has gone up yet though."
,Recommended,401810,30208749,Posted: 26 February,all,sbs,"A collectathon 3D platformer, as made famous by the fifth generation console era. It's cute and fun. The main problem with many of the original 3D platformers were the camera movements working with the character movements and Poi does keep with the tradition. It isn't really noticable until you get to parts where you have to make pixel perfect jumps, and it can get quite annoying. The boss fighting mechanic is also one of the most annoying things in recent memory. You have to kick things and hit them with them. The rocks are whatnots you have to kick have to be in the correct area to hit the boss, but the main problem is actually aiming the kick. I never figured it out and just tried to survive the rounds, hoping that the next kick will make it. In the end, it always did, but it wasn't really satisfying.Great graphics, and characters and if you are a completionist, you are going to want to find everything and get those achievements. As it stands now, I have gotten all the achievements except for the New Game+, and although I do recommend the game, the thought of going through all that platforming again doesn't entice me."
,Recommended,401810,29811613,Posted: 9 February,all,gilgatex,"Changing my recommendation.  Despite the horrible camera, I kept playing it."
76561198169810621,Recommended,401810,30193963,Posted: 26 February,all,thereal90talon,Great game!This is a must buy for anyone who liked Mario 64.
,Recommended,401810,29699232,Posted: 4 February,all,Darmok,"They really nailed a lot of the Super Mario 64 Magic.  Levels are big and fun, game play is great, music is infectious.The closest thing to Mario 64 for PC."
,Recommended,401810,29756776,Posted: 6 February,all,Grey Spices,"This is very gameplay centric (with leaderboards for each level to encourage replaying and improving your times) with little plot, and little to no backstory given to most of the NPCs (they're pretty much just there to give you explorer medallions). This isn't really a con though as most platformers aren't known for being focused on storytelling, but if you absolutely need a detailed plot and fully fleshed out characters, then this isn't the game for you.Game is focused around a hub world where you warp to other worlds that have mission based tasks to collect explorer medallions as well as other collectables. Each world has pretty standard environments that you see in other platformers (Cozy Canyon really reminded me of Super Mario Sunshine even). The hub also hosts several minigames includinggliding through rings, challenge courses, navigating through mazes, battle arenas, and minesweeper fossil excavation. Art style is very cartoony which I think works well. Music is pleasant and upbeat fitting the adventurous theme of the game. I played this using a controller (Xbox One), and thought it played well with some minor nitpicks (see below). 100% completion took me just under 7 hours, and you will need to do some of the side stuff to just beat the game. Upon completion you'll also unlock a new game plus mode (this mode restricts you to only having one hit in a mirrored version of the game + nothing carries over from you're previous file).Most of the game is fairly easy (including the boss fights) with some anti-frustration features built in. There is no lives system and death is only a minor inconvenience. Upon death you'll restart at the beginning of the level or your last checkpoint while keeping everything you already collected (except coins). However, later missions in theCrystal Cavernsarea can be tricky due to platforming on slippery surfaces, and the final area is quite hard compared to the rest of the game. There is also an optional compass item (that can be turned off or on as you please) to aid in finding most of the collectables, and a magnet (can't be turned off) that helps draw coins and collectables to you.Some minor nitpicks would be that I don't recommend rolling into enemies to defeat them. It usually ended up with me taking damage, and then ending up in an even worse position for potentially getting stunlocked. When you dig up fossils they pop up out of the ground and can end up over ledges. None of them ended up in places I couldn't reach them (like in pits or lava), but it did cause some unnecessary backtracking. It would be nice if these were automatically collected after you dug them up. Minor boss spoilers:There are two bosses that you need to kick an object at them to damage them. I had some slight difficulty lining up my shots correctly.There were also a few times that I was having to fight the camera. I think this was meant to help the player in certain situations (such as going up and around the lighthouse in Cozy Canyon), but I would have preferred having control of the camera at all times.Overall, I think Poi could use a tad more polish, but it's still a nice short but sweet experience that's fun to play for all ages."
76561198057859661,Recommended,401810,29758963,Posted: 7 February,all,097Aceofspades,"Super fun game, even better speedrun. The movement, while a little silly looking, is very fun and fluid. On top of that, the game has some fun little things to exploit (none of which effect casual play,) that makes the speedrun much shorter, and much more fun."
76561197991045948,Recommended,401810,29756325,Posted: 6 February,all,Moszerker,"Amazing game, easily holds it's own with the greats of the genre.  Best $15 I've spent in a long time!"
76561198053581029,Recommended,401810,29753955,Posted: 6 February,all,WyneTyme,"Picked this game up on a whim, and rather glad I did. An exceptional platformer, most clearly remisicent of Super Mario 64, though it does just enough to stand on its own.Control-wise, your character controls simply and, for the most part, perfectly. There's also some neat tricks you can pull off, whether intentional or not, by clever use of double jumping off walls, which seems pretty perfect for speedrunning types.Speaking of which, the leaderboards present in all stages (and prominent in the challenge stages) are a nice touch which shows good confidence in the game. The only small gripe is the odd camera issue, but they're few and far between, and have never gotten me killed.The story is pretty standard, though it managed to be more charming than aggravating. My only gripe is a plot point in the form of a person that never shows up, or is properly explained; some conclusion to that, or a better explanation, might help settle that. Still, as far as excuse plots go, the motivation is at least understandable. Not that story is what you should be playing this game for, as should be evident from the game's inspirations.The graphics are clean, simple and clear. Nothing incredibly textured, though there's a reasonable attention to detail which makes up for it.I found the game as a whole on the easier side (On NG, anyway), though I'm fairly experienced in platformers. Death isn't much of a setback in most instances anyway; there are sensibly placed checkpoints, and most levels are compact.If you're a speedrunner, though, there's plenty here, especially in the challenge stages; not necessarily tough to complete, but requires a great deal of skill to get through optimally- especially for the key variants.Length-wise, the game is pretty short; getting through the story will probably take a handful of hours, and acquiring all 100 medallions a few more. A couple of the golden gears are irritating to find, as they don't show up on the compass. so a guide may be useful there,I haven't started NG+ yet, but from the looks of it, it offers a much stiffer challenge- having 1 heart alone would be problematic, and I'm fairly sure there are a number of other changes to trouble you further, if that's what you're after. You'll need to beat the final boss to acces NG+, mind.Speaking of bosses...they're my only major gripe with this game. They can be elongated, confusing, pathetically easy etcetera depending on the boss and your experience with these types. Most bosses at least follow a three-hits-and-done rule to mean they don't outstay their welcome, outside of one boss which lasts five phases, and I felt could have been handled better.In the grand scheme of things, though, it's a minor thing, and doesn't detract much from this game. The developer appears to have a great attitude, and it's clear a lot of genuine effort, talent and passion has gone in here.In summary:Pros:-Solid controls-Clean, clear visuals-Great level design-Works well for speedrunnersNeutral:-A little on the easier edge outside of the challenge stages and NG+-Visual style may not be to everyone's tasteCons:-Iffy boss battles-Generic storyObjecively, I'd give it a 7/10, though my love of this sort of game earns it an 8/10 in my book. A couple of tweaks could easily turn it into a classic.Keep up the good work, devs."
76561197966133217,Recommended,401810,26172287,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,CrAzY FiNgErs,"This game is the closest thing you can get to Mario 64 here on Steam. The graphics are even a bit of a throwback to platform games of the that time. Although, I don't believe you have all the moves Mario had in 64, the controls are still tight and the gameplay is fun. The developers are constantly adding content to the game, as well as improving gameplay and the graphics as they go along. I would suggest this game for anyone who is a 3D platformer fan even in this early access state."
76561198018575395,Recommended,401810,29770673,Posted: 7 February,all,Bijed,"I was looking for a new RPG to play at the time, so I don't know why Steam suggested Poi to me, but boy I'm glad it did!What does Poi do that makes me like it so much? Well, it's more what it doesn't do.  It doesn't try to be anything other than a cheerful, fun, carefree platformer.  It doesn't go overboard with story, in fact it keeps it to a minimum (if anything, it could do with just a tiny bit more world/character building, but it's really fine as it is).  It keeps things simple and that's what works so well.  That's not to say there isn't plenty to do - there really is.If I had to criticise, it'd be because the first 2 of the 4 main levels don't quite manage to be what they could, but the 3rd is great and the 4th is an absolute cracker.  There's a lot of additional things to do on top of these too.Basically, it's just highly entertaining - great fun.  I recommend that you give it a go."
,Recommended,401810,29725377,Posted: 5 February,all,gamingfr3ak,"This game is awesome and I'm surprised it doesn't have an Overwhelmingly Positive response! This is a great platformer that harkens back to the days of Super Mario 64 and the like. Really it feels like a number of elements have been pulled from the Super Mario series as a whole to make this game. But that's not to say it's a ripoff or anything, only that it uses those concepts to design the game.This game really is fun though. It looks a little child friendly but once you watch the trailer you realize many of these levels are actually quite challenging. There is a wide variety of things to do, place to explore and challenges to overcome. The only real negative I have for this game is that there aren't enough worlds to explore. They make up for this by having more minigame and challenge levels as well as exploration tasks too. I'm not a huge fan of taking pictures of all the enemies, and I would have liked to see another world instead of having to find fossils to dig up on the worlds that exist, but it does keep things interesting and varied nonetheless.I highly recommend this game; the amount of content in the game well exceeds the purchase price. You may start thinking the game is too short at some point, but then you will remember that you didn't have to spend $60 on it either."
,Recommended,401810,30129810,Posted: 23 February,all,Cranxious,A charming little game with an active fan base if you get stuck. I loved this!
76561198019468384,Recommended,401810,29682719,Posted: 3 February,all,Sivi Kiwi,"This game got me at a place that I thought all games were dead. If you are a fan of the old-school 3D platformer as Mario, Banjo Kazooie, Dk64 and more, this is an essenteal pick up. The characters are charming, the level composition is flawless, and my greatest favour particilour, it has a fully functioning hub wolrd to store all of this gameplay. don't think, just buy, it's Poi ♥♥♥♥♥!"
76561198076181444,Recommended,401810,29894516,Posted: 13 February,all,-Golden Armor-,"Loved it from start to finish, it took me back to the good old days of the N64, i won´t be adding anything that other community members haven´t already said, if you have the money, get it!, it IS worth the price.Here's hoping we get new leveles/a full blown sequel! :D"
76561198064621210,Recommended,401810,29708560,Posted: 4 February,all,Chuy5Pesos,"I'm loving this game, is pretty fun."
76561198013877022,Recommended,401810,29707815,Posted: 4 February,all,Coronis,"Poi: Full release review.Nintendo nostalgia seems to be paying off well in indie titles as of late. We had Axiom Verge, a love letter to the Metroid franchise, Stardew Valley, which could be considered a modern-day Harvest Moon, and now we have Poi, which wears the influence of Super Mario 64 on its hat, in so much as it has one.The story is minimalistic. Two orphans are taken in by a veteran explorer and sent on a quest to collect a “Explorer Medallions”, which are supposed to be the key to finding the Milky Way Globe. To find these Medallions, you are sent to traverse a series of worlds and accomplish various tasks. In the first level, for example, you are charged with starting up a windmill, and dutifully you make your way across the various hills populated with hostile wildlife to turn a lever that stars platforms you can jump on to collect your first medallion. You are then given a list of other tasks to accomplish, which invariably end with collecting a hundred coins and turning them into a raccoon salesperson.There are other ways to earn medallions however, many of which involving retrieving various collectables scattered throughout the level. Particularly notable is the fossil-digging minigame, involving finding a series of buried fossils in each level, digging them up with a shovel you buy from the explorer that took your character in, and returning them to a side character who appears in the hub world about midway through the story. Additional sidequests include finding various locations within each world, collecting a series of gears that are hidden, and participating in a series of obstacle courses designed to test your platforming ability.The latter in particular is pretty fun and helps to extend the length of the game in a callback to more recent Mario platformers, though the sidequests are significantly easier than many gamers may have come to expect from the genre. The fact that dying has very little consequence softens the feel of the game even further, and I expect that gamers looking for a challenge might come away from Poi rather disappointed at the ease it is played. Speedrunners on the other hand might be pleased by the inclusion of leaderboards and the inclusion of an in-gamed timing feature that records the duration of each mission your character goes on.That being said, the game is extremely fun to play. In particular, your characters handing ability has been refined to perfection, allowing for some fancy moves when jumping in each section. More than a few times, I would fall off a platform, but recover by jumping against a wall and back onto the section I stumped from, which gave a significant feeling of satisfaction.The soundtrack also bears mentioning. Filled with dramatic tones and grandiose themes, it manages to evoke a distinct sense of wonder while not distracted from the gameplay. Due to only being five dollars, I found it worth the purchase price as well.It is also worth considering that the developers have gone for a methodology of quality over quantity when it comes to level design. While the amount of levels is fairly small, each of them is so crammed full of secrets, collectables, and hidden goodies, that I expect those aiming for 100% completion will be busy for quite some time.Overall, Poi is a love letter to collectathon platformers, and an effective one at that. While it doesn’t add anything new to the genre, those who have an appreciation for such titles will likely get their money’s worth out it.9/10"
,Recommended,401810,29665747,Posted: 3 February,all,xGhostBoyx,"As somone who played this game through early access I'm delightfully suprised by Poi. Up till the release I was extreamly dissipointed and had many complaints. Although many of my complaints have not been fixed little dabs of polish have been placed all around which really improved my experience. The new dive added to the final kind of breaks the leve design a bit since it wasn't designed to be played with the dive, but that just makes the levels more fun and the flow better overall. It makes things a little easier but you require a little more skill and use of your actions at the same time. It's a cheat 15 dollar platformer so don't expect too much, it took me less then 7 hours to 100% the final version of the game, it's simple fun and if you can manage to not compare it to the big time games like mario 64 through galaxy (and every other famouse 3d platformer) I'd say give it a try."
76561198096593582,Recommended,401810,29675348,Posted: 3 February,all,Gamefighter3000,"Since Poi is one of the only real 3D Platformers on Steam i want to give my opinion about it.First off im glad that theres people trying to create 3D platformers again (and on PC aswell) i really appreciate it!But to the point how good is Poi actually well here is a list about things  i liked and disliked about the game :)Pros:+ Great controls (the way how the character moves and everything else feels great which is a very important point since there are a lot of games i just couldnt play because of boring or bad controls)+ Big amount of playtime (i completed this game to a 100% and it took me a total of 10 hours which is a lot considering that i mostly play platformers and am a completionist)+ A variety of minigames and certain tasks in the game+ Progression feels rewarding+Creative use of the hubworld+Some missions had cool ideas ive rarely seen before+Online leaderboards for all challenges+ Good priceCons:- Bosses felt kinda boring: (with the expection of the final boss being OK) my reasoning for this is because almost all of the bosses only had 3 hitpoints and their patterns get repetitive fast and are rather easy in fact i beated the second boss in 12 seconds.- Only jumping as an attack: This one really kind of annoyed me over the long run to be honest, theres no kind of punch move or something similar its always jumping, not that big of a deal since platforming is more important but id still like that to be improved.- It tries way too much to be Super mario 64 instead of making its own thing: Ok this opinion is probably a thing which lots of people agree and disagree but the game really tried too much of the same (basically the Explorers Badges are the same as Stars in mario theres even the 100 coin challenge in each level) a great example which is inspired by other games but still mostly does its own thing would be a Hat in Time.- Once completed theres not much reason to come back: This is probably my biggest problem with the game, theres just a really small replayability factor the reason for this is probably because the levels themselves are not worth playing without getting the badges/stars since they have not too much to offer themselves.- Both playable characters feel the same: I kind of hoped they would make more out of it instead of just (wanna play a boy or girl ?)- Completing some tasks completely, feels unrewarding: For example getting 50/50 golden gear parts you expect something special happens but instead you just get your last explorers badge :/- Costumes/Skins: Those were a great idea but are sadly just recolours- Soundtrack gets kind of repetitive fast: (either its used in too many levels or loops to quickly)- Too easy for my taste- Story was really boring sadlyFinal words:Despite some of the negative points ive mentioned for this price the game is absolutely fantastic and a step in the right direction for 3D platformers to be relevant again.I can recommend you buying this game and trying it out yourself."
76561198133571153,Recommended,401810,29675784,Posted: 3 February,all,☮  ∀ℒ∈✘ ☮,This is an awsome old school 3D platformer
,Recommended,401810,29705090,Posted: 4 February,all,_mcc,"Overall a *great* game for the price. Having a lot of fun with it.I know the dev reads the reviews, so:I will be sincere regarding the graphics... they feel generic. But that doesn't get in the way of the fun.And about the movement: the running mechanism - rolling then holding the button - is a bit clunky.Congrats for an awesome release!"
,Recommended,401810,29742100,Posted: 6 February,all,Toilet,"Solid in design with tight movement, however visually it can sometimes be a bit barebones. 2017 is proving to be the year of the collect-a-thon, very long overdue. I was not aware of Poi until it's release, however I am pleasantly surprised. This game is obvious in its influences but embraces them well. I suggest Poi. It's cute, fun and at the right price. Seemingly beating some more well known titles like Yookah-Laylee and A Hat in Time to the market, it paints a entertaining future of a revived genre.Poi has a 'home-base' type feature in the form of an airship where you purchase items to aid in your quest, it also expands as you progress rewarding you for your collectables. A nice touch that adds a sensee of accomplishment. Give Poe a try, it's not a monumental effort but a worthy one still."
76561198146990557,Recommended,401810,29772893,Posted: 7 February,all,michaelb2,"Great game, fun platformer similar to Mario 64 or Mario Sunshine. My only complaint is that the platforming elements are sloppy, and you will die regularly due to some bad design choices rather than lack of skill. Games like Ratchet & Clank, Jak & Daxter, and Sly Cooper all give you an attack to deal with front facing enemies - why in the world can you ONLY jump on things to dispatch them in this game? It's a HUGE step backwards. The fun outweighs this complaint, but I have quit twice to cool off before going back to it to try an area again."
76561198325629992,Recommended,401810,29960681,Posted: 16 February,all,23VvBb23,This is a very good game but it should be in early access becose it looks like it is unfinished.
76561198066835744,Recommended,401810,29801576,Posted: 9 February,all,Cassify,"This game really takes me back to my childhood. It´s been a while since I had so much fun playing a game.It takes elements from Mario 64 and Mario sunshine, so if you liked those games then you really need to try this one!For me this is a perfect game :)"
76561198058936200,Recommended,401810,29782688,Posted: 8 February,all,danielmillington,"I enjoyed the charm of this game very much overall, yet, there are two issues that I hope will be addressed in future updates. Keyboard mapping should be built in, but in this game you are stuck using their setup and if you are right handed, it makes it very difficult to play the game well.  Also, I find that the camera changes viewpoints far too often and in the worst possible moments, making it impossible to take out enemies or avoid getting hit.  The other issue with the camera angle is when you are playing a timed level.  Still, beautifully executed and enjoyable."
76561198046774918,Recommended,401810,29992598,Posted: 17 February,all,youngjoven,"This game is a very enjoyable 3D Platformer, and I had a great time playing it.Pros:Controls and Movement - This game feels great to run around and jump with, everything feels smooth and theres even many very technical aspects to master.Level design - The level/map design is great. All very cool areas to explore and they feel very alive and vibrant.Music - The soundtrack is solidLeaderboards/Speedrunning- You can tell this game was made with speed running in mind, with leaderboards of the fastest any % and 100%. Also if the whole game isn't your thing it's still fun to go for the fastest time for a level/ minigame.Graphics - Game looks and runs great 60fps.Replay - Lots of things to collect and masterCons:The boss fights are not that good. The kick the bomb mechanic feels really awkward and clunky, and Semi-Spoiler: for the last boss fight the inverted controls are extremely annoying.The puzzles: I'm pretty unimpressed with the puzzles in the game, they're all very obvious."
,Recommended,401810,29993355,Posted: 17 February,all,Nvenom,"This game does get kind of repetitive and im not much of a completionist so its hours will vary greatly if you are, but I had a serious itch to play a 3d platformer and this game more than exceeded that. Only negative I can think of is the combat, rolling into mobs and jumping on their heads can be frustrating at times.For 14.99 its a steal and great for adults and kids alike with TONS of collectibles and a great variety of levels. If you want some platforming fun this is a must buy."
76561198018486426,Recommended,401810,30006657,Posted: 18 February,all,mml92,"I had quite a lot of fun with this game, especially once the full variety of gameplay opportunities are available 2 hours in or so.  I completely beat the game outside of newgame+ in 10 hours so there's a solid amount of play for the price.  The control is solid, if a little too generous, and it has this playful tone to it from the environment to the medallion requirements.   It has the abstract environments of mario64 with the production value and level size of mario sunshine with a musical style and flair of mario galaxy so in a sense POI celebrates all 3 current types of 3D mario games.More than merely a tribute, the game is fun.  Fun to play and fun to find the last few items to complete the game.  I think my favorite part was finding locations, there's something about seeing a curious object, moving to it and having the game acknowledge my curiosity is quite satisfying.  For a team this small, I'm impresssed how well the game comes together.As a few others have said, the bosses are very stitched together and don't match the source material as well as the rest of the game does, but in the grand scheme of things it's barely worth even mentioning.  This isn't Deux Ex: Human Revolution."
76561198255402169,Recommended,401810,29924424,Posted: 14 February,all,wilbjo500,Feels like a combination between Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of time and Super Mario 64!
,Recommended,401810,30056663,Posted: 20 February,all,MoreLikeAPuma,Highly recommend for fans of third person gaming! Tight controls with a beautiful soundtrack make this game one of my favorites. Play as male or female to explore the worlds brought to you with easily learned mechanics and a very aesthetically pleasing style. 10/10 will be following these developers for more!
,Recommended,401810,31092832,Posted: 12 April,all,Simon,"This game is great! If you liked Super Mario 64 then you'll like this.At the start of the game, it seems like there isn't enough content (there are only 4 main levels) but actually it lasted just the right amount of time. There's a suprising amount of stuff to do in those levels and there are lots of challenges and secrets.There's a theme of ""being an explorer"". Which works ok. I think they could have done better there. Each level has 7 medals, one is always for getting 100 coins, and one is for beating the boss (I don't think the bosses were very good). There are also medals for collecting fossils and gears in each level.From a technical perspective, it's excellent. No crashes. Controls are good. Can't find much to criticise."
,Recommended,401810,31273390,Posted: 21 April,all,James20,"Poi is Mario 64 style game with a dash of Legend of Zelda style.  Graphics are cute, game play is simple but challenging enough to be fun. Bosses are terrible.The graphics and art are extremely simple, better than N64 capability but it is not really aiming to be an amazing graphical experience.  The art gets the job done for the most part. There are few times where the cutesy drawings make it difficult to know what an enemy is and what isn't, but that’s hardly a concern.Gameplay is 3d platformer and it is done well enough, but there are some annoyances. Every enemy hits so hard that you are sent flying back and into the air and the invincibility you get after a hit is so short that once you land you can immediately get hit again. There were times I was blindsided and hit 4 times with zero control. The work around is just don’t get hit. The enemies are simple enough that that is completely legitimate option. Puzzle design could use some work in some places. At one point when reaching the top of some slippery platforming, I was told I needed to go back and hit a button. That’s not fun that is just annoying.  Still though, bad design like that was fairly rare.  While most of the game is hunt and explore style game play, it does fail badly in one respect.Boss fights are terrible.  The first one you simply have to stand still at a certain place and you will win.  Later, you have to fumble your way through with terrible aiming mechanics.  Luckily, there are only four boss fights. Any more could have ruined this game.Aside from the boss fights, Poi is a solid platformer.  A little easy and not as long as I’d like it but still a very good game."
76561198037461860,Recommended,401810,35427752,Posted: 2 October,all,Fidget,"It's good fun, but it's missing a lot of love.Moving around feels great, jumping, diving, ledge grabbing, riding platforms, balancing on ropes, flying through the hub world. The levels are fun to navigate; using that movement to take shortcuts and get where you're going quickly is very rewarding. Searching the levels to find hidden stuff is a treat, and the worlds themselves are big enough to feel like a proper place without being so big that they're frustrating to traverse from one end to the other.Unfortunately the enemy design is either dull or aggravating or both, and the sound and music are similarly mediocre. There's a lot of ""fluff"" in the design, mostly padding out the number of medals with very uninventive tasks, none of which are all that hard to complete (edit: which may be a good thing depending on your preferences!). The endgame feels empty, and the adventure as a whole feels meaningless - the game implies it has a much deeper experience than it actually delivers.I get the impression that the developers had a good core idea and executed it very well, but didn't know how to build off of it, and maybe didn't have the money to. But if you like jumping diving flying level-explorey collectable games, this is a good choice! Especially if you have a hard time engaging meaningfully with games anyway. After adjusting my expectations and learning how to deal with its quirks, it did keep me entertained through to 100%."
