user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198020898916,Recommended,402060,21274521,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Hadeda King,"17 February 2016 - This game was released today, had no reviews, absolutely no information about it online, and was on a 10% sale, so I bought it on impulse, excited to get to something the world hadn't already gone made about.First impressions: WHAT THE ****?At first I am a writer, but then the illuminati begins to speak to me and it all goes down the rabbit hole.A voice arrives and hints that this reality is not the only one. I find the anomilies of time and space, and steadily the world I know shifts into one I do not. The people are different, I am somebody else, and the story continues, reality flickering to remind me that there is more yet to change, more realities to see.Do I have any idea what's going on? Not really, but I'm damn sure I'm creeped the hell out, weirded out, and enjoying every minute of it. This game is definitely worth a try and worth its price tagEDIT: I just finished this game and damn... it's so simple yet it maintains the suspense right up to the end. I'm not even sure what the end WAS, even having achieved it, but I can definitely safely recommend this game. It's weird, it's unique, and those things together with excellent execution make for a damn good game!"
,Not Recommended,402060,21294951,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,wizardovoz,"+ Nice 60-ish graphics+ A lot of references to PKD work and bio- Absolutely horrible idea for gameplay. It's hidden object, except instead of objects there are sigils, and they become visible only from certain points of the map. That is, you have to run around and wildly rotate your viewport.I can't see how any amount of polish could save this concept.I completed two sets of sigils, and stuck on finding last one in the cafe. Should I stand in this corner? No? Near this table? Try to stand by the door? Still nothing new? Step-by-step scan all walkable surfaces? Did I look in every direction?What was I playing again? Oh, a psychedelic tribute to one of greatest sci-fi authors of 20th century. I completely forgot with all that DULL try-to-stand-everywhere gameplay (I don't think the word applies actually)Old plain walking simulator would be way better, devs.What a waste of great environments, effects and art."
,Not Recommended,402060,21276035,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Ignition991,"Interesting art style, beautiful graphics and a solid premise.It is an atmospheric take on alternate realities as you play a writer in a sci-fi world. You explore beautiful levels and ""solve"" puzzles.If you are someone who values art and design in a video game world I think you will like this too. My only complaint is that it doesn't save your progress within a chapter, so be careful when you exit.Edit - Tired of getting stuck on something stupid because of this game's physics and having to restart an entire level I just spent 45 minutes on. Seriously? No way to save progress??Edit - I can no longer recommend this game after experiencing too many game-breaking bugs and having to replay entire chapters each time. Do not buy this yet."
,Recommended,402060,28161523,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Serotoninphobe (Farewell ¥15),"It was like watching a nonexistent low budget Philip K.Dic* movie on a heavily damaged VHS mixtape in the midst of a bad trip, while onboard a sinking cruise ship caught by a category 5 hurricane, inside of a folding dimension that is approaching the heat death of the universe."
,Recommended,402060,22352940,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Bodomi,"This must be one of the strangest games I've played so far.I didn't really understand what was going, I, um... You'll see once you play it for yourself, most things make zero sense.But basically, from my impression, you play as a writer, you're addicted to drugs and suddenly you become able to travel through different dimensions or realities.I mean there's not much more I want to say for spoiler reasons and it's just weird... the game is strange and I highly recommend you check it out.This game is like a Prequel toJazzpunkor something.Pros:The art-style is great, really reminded me ofJazzpunk, it's a very beautiful game. I sure as hell took a lot of screenshots of the abstract-like world and the weird and cool looking characters you talk to.The actual gameplay, the mechanics, what you do to progress in the game are pretty cool little puzzles. You're looking for symbols/marks around the world to progress, some are easy to find some are hard.The voice acting.. oh my god the voice acting is amazing. All the voice actors are professional as hell at their job in my opinion, it helped so much with the vibe and atmosphere of the game. It was just amazing, great work. Bad voice acting in a game like this would probably destroy the game, so I'm happy that proper actors worked on this.The story in the game is I mean, it's cool but you wont really understand the reasoning behind everything, you're kinda thrown into it all. It makes more and more sense as you progress, but yea it's strange, this game is strange. This game is the definition of strange.The music in the game is great, it fits this sort of game, and I'm happy that there's a varied amount of music, not just the same 2 or 3 songs playing over and over driving you insane.Cons:It was very demanding performance wise on my computer which was surprising to me. So if you have a weak computer be wary I guess.The graphics options is not impressive, I hate when a game only has 1 over-all graphic slider, would be much better if we could change everything separately, maybe I want this type of AA or this type of texture quality etc...I was pretty sure most of you are able to understand this but looking at the pathetic reviewers of this game I guess not,  don't buy this if you don't understand what you're getting yourself into, if you don't already enjoy games like this then there's no point at all in buying it.It's like walking simulators, you know,Dear Esther,Drizzlepathetc... you either love them or you hate them. There is no in-between with games like that, this game falls under that as well. If you hatedJazzpunk,Thirty Flights of Lovingand games similar to that, then you will hate this as well.If you loved them, however, you will most likely love this game as well.But, if you can accept that, if you're new to this category and can accept the fact beforehand that you'll probably be disappointed but there's a chance you'll be amazed, there's a chance you'll love it and regret not getting into these weird games earlier, then give it a chance. The price is right on this game in my opinion but there's always sales as well, put it in your whishlist and maybe one day you'll want to try it.8/10, absolutely great game for what it is.A must buy for anyJazzpunkfan(and similar games).Get ready to be weirded out."
76561197969919551,Recommended,402060,21285581,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,DMT,"I'd say that I'm a little mixed on this one.Obviously, I have a love of psychedelics. I love the Bay Area (live there), love the PDK inspiration, love the artstyle, love some of the sound(s) and love creativity & originality.The reason I'm mixed is due to a little bugginess and honestly the game requiring a little too much patience on my part (I'm a pretty patient dude too). It almost feels at times like it is bordering along ""ambient"" gaming to solve the ""puzzles"".  And by ""puzzles"" I mean the game relies heavily on one core mechanic: find the right spot for clicky, click, repeat. This becomes a bit tedious; even for a $10 game and not immersive. Which sucks because obviously this game has the right ingredients for being very immersive (or even only immersive without clicky click, aka Alien Isolation mod removing the Alien - aka spontaneous combustion exploration instead of clicky clicky) but the tedium of finding that one core mechanic puzzle to progress dampens the immersion & experience for me. This is where it becomes almost ""ambient"", the looping atmospheric effects and saying WTF is that little symbol to click, causing much retracing over an already limited (and by limited I mean small) map.If you're in the right mood it could be hypnotic I suppose, but it can also be very, very grating. And by grating I mean it's like being stoned stuck in a loop trying to find that last nug you dropped somewhere over the course of a block, looking for that last clicky click, interdimensional pop in nug. And I don't know about you, but that isn't a place I like to be playing a game or in real life. But, alas, the characters in game usually have something to say. Which brings me to little details, voice acting is great and there are more than a few lines of interesting dialogue and good vibes, happy to see 2D sprite characters put to good use... but I also like the sound of a character's footsteps which is missing from this game - I'm not sure if it matters too much, I mean you slide down stairs which definitely makes sense in the more acidic parts, but seems missing in other areas.Good effort though and would love to see more in this vein, tongue, nose, or GVG pipe with a little more magic, sugar & elf spice (err gameplay)."
,Recommended,402060,21501693,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,=U$= Samwhy,"First review here!Great game, really immersive narration which lets you discover the world of Philip K Di c k (thanks for the Steam censorship for a surname).I didn't know about this author before, but my curiosity is peaked now as a big fan of SciFi.It's an interesting first person exploration game, where you get to uncover multiple parallel realities.You do not get everything handed to you, and it's up to you to figure out the mechanics behind the discovery of every clue.Really creative piece of art, definitely recommended!"
,Recommended,402060,21358698,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Bastwood,"Bought the game solely because Philip K.♥♥♥♥♥♥was mentioned in the description and went in blind. Californium can be considered as a tribute to PKD's works -- A collection of weirdness familiar to readers of his books. In essence, Californium is a walking simulator where the sole gameplay element revolves around finding glitches in your reality: Items flickering in and out of existence, TV sets sending out secret, subversive messages only you can hear.In♥♥♥♥♥♥s fiction, reality is always malleable, and such is the case also in Californium. Once you start peeling back the wool over your eyes, alternate realities begin to ooze into current ones. A sunny California baked in red turns into a grey, dystopian police state governed by the spirit of a long-gone president. Even you seem to change into a different person, but you still hear the omnipresent, self-aware narrator inside your head, and think the same thoughts you always did.It doesn't stop there, though. The alternate realities keep on coming and the world gets progressively more out of joint. Californium is a very Dickian experience in the way that for most of the time, you have absolutely no idea what is going on. The game evokes paranoia and drug-induced delusion to the point where you cannot be certain about anything anymore.In that way, the game probably nails a ""true"" PKD storyline better than any other game before it. I just wish the gameplay would be more interesting, because now the only thing you do is hunt for hotspots. Some of these are quite well hidden, and since you have to find them all to progress, frustration can occur if you get stuck. Diversity would have been more than welcome.Aesthetically, Californium sits at a happy medium. People are represented as flat sprites in an otherwise 3D world; A decision that is probably budget-induced but which I actually found being a nice touch (it spares us from possibly cartoony 3D models). Some of the voice acting is definitely off, but isn't too distracting at the end of the day. I did also run into an unfortunate bug that forced me to replay an entire section, which is a shame.Overall, Californium is a hard game to recommend, but after weighing all of the aspects of the game I'm going to do that anyway. It's a very short experience with annoying gameplay mechanics and a few technical difficulties, but it also stays true enough to PKD's work to be worth checking out if you have a chance. But I'm probably biased; After all, Ubik is my favorite book."
,Recommended,402060,21339922,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Rainer,"Finally a new and fresh philosophical approach of digital art. Sure, it's not everybody s cup of tea! In my opinion, it covers the spirit of ""Californication"". The twisted story and monologues / narrations are just great. You have the possibility to manipulate reality. Don't expect amazing graphics and character design. Gameplay can be described as solving (sort of) environmental hidden object puzzles. There is no way to save your progress within a chapter. If you like the unconventional experience, I can just recommend this trip. ;-)"
76561198012591684,Recommended,402060,21388574,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,freestonew,"Some five hours into the game.  Very atmospheric.  This game is not a shooter or rpg, not even an adventure game in that sense.  There are no items, no inventory.   All atmosphere.   This is a game that has to be slowly appreciated, do not rush through any of the sections.  Read the posters on the walls, look at the clothing on the characters.  Entire worlds are created here in this game!This game is, to me, a real 3D novel.   A science fiction story come to life.The cars cannot hit you, you cannot die.The game opens I to his large apartment.   Walk slowly through the rooms, every object reflects not only the first person avatar,s life, these objects also reflect the world culture that exists in the world that you are in.A tip or to to max your enjoyment.    Those street cut out characters are not there just for atmosphere.  Each has a long story to tell you when you bump up against each.  But do not stop coming up to them when their lines are done with!  Like in some RPGs, each character often has a number of sentences to say, hear them out until they repeat themselves.There are hot spots to activate.  Some can be hard to find.  Often these can be activate from hundreds of feet away!The game saves only at each world completion!   Thus when you are able to leave the apartment and walk out onto the street, you are still in that one world yet!I love atmospheric games like this one.  Thus I give this game a five out of five.  Many do not like the game.  Probably these people are those who might not spend more than three minutes in Pompey, before getting back onto the tour bus!Freestone"
,Recommended,402060,21319231,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Six,"So just finished the game...I started playing this game the first day it came out, and as you may have read in other comments, it had a lot of bugs. I was actually discouraged to continue, then saw that the Development team are taking their jobs seriously and fixing the bugs less than 24 hours after they're found, which allowed me to finish the game on day 2.The art is strange yet appealing, and is difficult to associate to anything else I've ever seen. The music is simple yet completely appropriate to what's going on in the game. The story will make you wonder and feel uneasy.Is this game perfect? No.Is it crazily addictive? Absolutely not.You also shouldn't buy this game if you're looking for a great gameplay, a huge open world or if you like multiplayer.That being said, I still do recommend this game, because I value original thought. You can feel that the developers of this game want to innovate and have taken the risk of exploring a new type of game, more of an interactive psychedelic storyline, almost as if you were reading a comic strip. This is not just another FIFA, Assassin's Creed or CoD. This is definitely the strangest gaming experience you will have had in a while... if you're willing to explore off the beaten path, that is."
76561198033137384,Not Recommended,402060,28607861,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Jeroen,"Beautiful atmospheric game, graphicwise, but the gameplay solely consists of hunting hidden objects, sigils, which can be found by looking all over the map from certain viewpoints and angles.Sometimes these sigils are only visible while you're moving. Stop and they're gone.This makes for a very frustrating hunt for these sigils.Thank god for the handy guide with screenshots someone posted for this game:http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=737234199The game is short, it took me 2 hours using the guide. I don't think I would've finished the game without it. The hunt for these hidden objects is just too frustrating to enjoy.I got the game at a 50% discount for 4,99 euro during the 2016 winter sale. That's a fair price for such a short game, wouldn't have bought it otherwise."
76561198057976523,Recommended,402060,31772568,Posted: 15 May,all,henry krinkle,"I really enjoyed Californium it was like a graphic novel adaption of some lost Philip K.♥♥♥♥♥♥short story.Set on one street the game explores themes in the same way PKD writing did, it asks questions about the world around us and our place in it rather than provide answers.The puzzles are a clever narrative aid(mumbles somin’ about looking at the world in a different way)and the environmental design/voice acting/soundtrack are great.If you enjoy Sci-Fi, PKD's writing or comics by artists like Jean Giraud, Charles Burns, Richard Sala would recommend getting this game, play it in one/two sittings to get the story build up, turn up the music and take in the shifting realities.I didn’t experience any of the technical issues mentioned in other reviews and the setting of one street fitted the story.Though inspired by - for me it felt like a real representation of Philip K.♥♥♥♥♥♥s writing.5 out of 5 altered art realities."
,Recommended,402060,21284487,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Perry Noid,"Devs are French and yes, there are noticable English spelling and grammar errors throughout but not unplayable bad. And the English voice acting is on a much higher level than the localization/translation bits and bobs so if you are worried about things being lost in translation that's not an issue, for me at least. And if you have even a passing familiarity with PKD then you ought to be able to catch the little nods to his books because, well, they aren't so little nor subtle. It *is* interesting to see a French perspective on a somewhat contemporary popular American mind and world(s) though. For that alone I feel the game is worth it to me. But this game is MOST DEFINITELY not for everyone, and I would be very selective with whom I reccomend it to. Most PKD fans should find something valuable in the game. I make the assumption that most PKD readers will be less critical of writing and more interested in unique and original ideas in general, and this game is certainly that.The puzzle elements are a bit rudimentary and frustrating though, so there's that. It's hard for me to recomend it since I'm sure people will hate it, but I personally think it's interesting albeit bumpy. Yet the bumpiness sorta adds to the paranoia in a way, ""is that a glitch or...?"" And the rudimentary puzzles do get you to do what the devs intended and that is seeking other layers of reality, and this is done by getting you to scour the world for symbols (if you are familiar with the pigeon experiment in which it was fed at random intervals and the pigeon develops a sort of superstition about turning around a certain way or hopping on one foot in order to be fed--it's kinda like that). It's when you are at the point that you are looking for the final symbol in an area where you start to get the sensation of the crack fiend combing the carpet.EDIT:BTW, do not make the mistake I did on chapter two, going into the police station first before you get your migraine-junkie-shivers-whatever. You will get stuck and have to restart like I did just now. Had me baffled much longer than it should have"
,Recommended,402060,21378198,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Gene Hackman,"Not perfect by any means, has some issues and is a tought on to really understand at first but I will say the environments are well-made and fun to explore. I can't help feeling like this game needed more to it, though as far as mechanics. Variety in the puzzle format would be nice. Otherwise, I'm a supporter of this game and will play it again soon."
76561198023257035,Not Recommended,402060,21341384,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Starbucaneer,"I would not recommend this game to anyone I know. It looks STUNNING when you first enter the game. ( thats what convinced me to give it a try from the store page ). Sadly thats about it. The actual ""game play"" consists of nothing but walking backwards and forwards and sideways to try and make ""symbols"" appear. If you are lucky you can click them before they disappear again otherwise you spend many many minutes trying to find the right camera position to make them reappear. you find how ever many are hidden in each location. Once you have found them all. You then jockey position to get the sybol that takes you to the next level to appear. Then its the same procedure AGAIN. Rinse and repeat. Oh and you can approach some very badly drawn inanimate cardboard cut out figures and an audio clip will play of their voices talking to you so you get bits of the story. Not a rewarding or pleasant experience at all. Now if I could just get the refund page to work I could happily forget I ever bought this..."
76561198025409085,Recommended,402060,21352317,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,ForbinP,"I really enjoyed this. It maybe helps if you are a fan of the sci-fi writer Philip K. D-i-c-k (thanks swear-word filter!), whose life and works inspired the game (and are alluded to within it). For example, PKD had all sorts of ""interesting"" ideas about parallel worlds, alternate realities, artificial intelligence, robots, and mind-alterting drugs/technologies.The game mechanics are simple (find the Sigils and click on them -- that's basically it!), but the overall tone and theme are very engaging. There are clues to the location of the Sigils if you pay close attention to lighting and audio cues, or to apparent visual ""glitches"" (not all of which are bugs!). The art and music are excellent, and the ""other world"" portal effect is very nice too.Caveats: there *are* a few genuine bugs (dodgy collision etc.), and the only save-points are automatic ones at the start of each chapter.. so give yourself time to play a whole section in one sitting (each of the 3 main chapters takes about an hour to get through)."
,Not Recommended,402060,21304000,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Have A Nice Life,"Unfortunately, this game lagged so hard and is so bugged i felt a bad-trip-like adventure on my own."
76561198008493302,Not Recommended,402060,22912496,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,bge,"This game takes inspiration for its setting and themes from the books of Philip K.♥♥♥♥♥♥ sci-fi writer I'm a huge fan of.  In the game you impersonate Elvis Green, a broke author near to mental collapse but somehow in contact with a super-entity (whose nature it's not clear: he may be a god, or an alien life form, or maybe a supertechnological device, who knows) named Theta. With his help you'll have to peel off, quite literally, the strata of reality to find the real world which lies beneath. The game is a sort of a puzzle game: every time you'll have to look for the hidden symbols which, once found, will permit you to scratch off the illusory reality. Now, coming to my opinion of the game, I find it terribly boring. The mechanism is repeated for all the game long, and becomes more boring and also annoying as you progress because the symbols are harder to find, being visible only from an extremely precise spot/angolation. The characters you meet are quite useless, as you just have to listen to what they have to say without any possibility to interact with them. And for the world to explore it's more of the same: you just have to stick to the path designed, following a very rigid order of actions. All this prevented me to getting involved in the game. The only thing which I appreciated is the art design, but even this it's not really original.All in all, a bad game."
76561197970717133,Not Recommended,402060,28735933,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Onan the Barbarian,"This game is short in gameplay, content, replayability, and commentary on Philip K.♥♥♥♥♥♥ What is there is a perfectly functional Stanley Parable experience, and one that looks visually interesting. The hidden object gameplay is functional, but lacking. There is no real interactivity in this game, and playing it unfolds like an Linklater-esque indie movie where hunting for glowing sigils unfolds the plot. Also, the latter half of the game is weak and unoriginal, and my enthusiasm plummeted when the predictable revealed itself. Just when the game's central theme is beginning to get interesting, it grinds to a halt.I finished this game in two hours. Even at sale, I would consider this overpriced, and I've contemplated getting a refund on the strength of the experience being such a short one. Buying this game is more like renting a movie than adding another game to your library.Did I enjoy the experience? Yes, somewhat. Would I recommend it to others? No. For this price you can also get one of PKD's novels, or a collection of short stories. If you've read it all, and you're so starved for♥♥♥♥♥♥that anything will do, maybe you'll find satisfaction in one of Californium's back alleys. Or maybe the experience will leave you feeling dirty and used."
76561198012101069,Recommended,402060,21310742,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Puncher D,"After playing around with the mind bending Jazzpunk there was a great void in my life.  This game is that void, and when I eventually finish I'll need a new void.  This game is a visual art psychedilic trip.  There are times when The Mighty Boosh comes to mind.  Those unfamiliar with the style might not get where this game is coming from.  It isn't perfect.  I'd like to see more story and dialogue.  I'd like to see more secrets to explore, and stuff to manipulate.  It doesn't have as much humour and as many things to do as Jazzpunk.  The main part of the game involves finding ""hidden objects"" in a 3D setting, which I haven't quite seen done this way.  It's interesting that finding these objects opens up a parallel universe, and sometimes new areas (more of the new areas and less eye candy would be better).  I've noticed a lot of updates since release so there may be bugfixes that acknowledge some of what I've heard but not experienced yet myself.  Better game saves would be better.  I almost finished chapter 1 and quit thinking there whould have been checkpoints by then, but was reset to the beginning when I returned.   It sucks, but I'm good with having a second run, and maybe catch a few dialogues that I missed."
76561198057045390,Recommended,402060,21313860,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Zigouram,"We follow the path of Elvin Green through different alternate realities, discovering the world at the same time he seems to be discovering it himself. This game is amazing in what he's trying to accomplish. Philip K.♥♥♥♥♥♥insipiration shines from every atom of the game. The art direction is outstanding and the soundtrack mezmerizing. Finally the story is intense and the ending let you give your own interpretation. The only cons are that the game has some minor collisions bugs and finding the clues gameplay is sometimes frustrating, but nothing horrible.I totally recommend this game for anyone who likes ""art interactive experiences"", and for the price you get the same amount of pleasure as when going to watch a good movie in cinema, except here you are the actor."
76561197983029161,Recommended,402060,21315685,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,[O]Pallemiitti,"The game took 2h for me to finish. It was not hard, just a couple hidden hotspots that I had to wander around for few minutes before I found them.The game style reminds me of Jean Giraud and his works and the story was very much like from the pen of Philip K.♥♥♥♥♥♥ (Thanks Steam to censor his last name).Overall guite nice artsy game that you should check out if it were on great discount."
,Recommended,402060,21324882,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Tiny Zim,"portal gimmick is nice, everything else boils down to /r/im14andthisisdeep: the videogame"
,Recommended,402060,28202473,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Nik,"If you love Philip K.♥♥♥♥♥♥ then you will almost certainly love this game. Likewise, if you are into psychedelic culture, you'll appreciate this game. If you like story-driven games, then you'll probably enjoy this game. If none of the three previous traits describe you, then you will most likely find this game very strange and it probably won't hook you.Californium could be best described as a Philip K.♥♥♥♥♥♥inspired short story presented in the form of an abstract puzzle-type game. The gameplay itself is not compelling enough to stand on its own, and the puzzles, while abstract and difficult at first, become easier as you figure out the game's patterns. However, this is a game that you play for the story and the atmosphere, so the gameplay itself serves mostly as a vehicle here. I suspect that most of the negative reviews are from people expecting a challenging puzzle game, which this game certainly is not.However, the atmosphere and story are extremely well done. It's a great homage to a great writer."
,Recommended,402060,25936735,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Raklar,"Do you know most of PKDick's (A profanity filter censoring his name? How fitting.) work and some of his own biography? Play this.Otherwise, you'll find yourself in a very strange world that is a collage of several of the worlds/drugs/chracacters from his books with no context. It's still very pretty and the story is still compelling, but you might end up dismissing it as just ""weird""."
76561198044865845,Recommended,402060,21400559,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,Mandak,"Californium's strengh lies in Your own memories from Vonnegut's, Philip K. D.'s, or Sheckley's books. Playing this feels like reading a 60s sci-fi novel. Gameplay flows naturally, when caracters speak to you, there is no static dialogue screen, so you could walk away and don't listen; even loadings and separate levels taste like turning a page, instead of tearing the immersion. It breaks however, in the gameplay mechanics used to move the story forward.Main gameplay element is clicking on hidden icons. Although results are satisfying, it resembles pixel hunting from old adventure games a lot. It looks heavy handed and out of context. Also, the levels are much smaller than it seems in trailers.Californium is a product You think You're going to playonce, but after some thought it's more like...once a year."
76561197999839135,Recommended,402060,28848603,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,PEET,"A great adventure game with unique mechanics and narrative execution. It can be finished in a couple of hours which some will consider a problem. For me this is the ideal length of a simple, yet solid story. I wish more games had this kind of pacing. GG!"
76561197976108158,Recommended,402060,21289143,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Cuillin,"tldr version - a tentative yes to recommending the game, given the low price and that it is innovative and quirky. I would have caveats on that recommendation, and those are in the LBRIA (long but read it anyway) version below- I am a big fan of PKD. Some works inspired by him (take the novel ""Philip K♥♥♥♥♥♥is Dead, Alas"" for example) can be excellent and expand upon the PKD universe in interesting ways, almost existing as part of it. I didn't feel this game really did that though, to me it felt more like re-used ideas from his books and writings without any real expansion on them, which was a shame.- It also seemed to miss some of the charm and humour that fills a PKD novel.- Personally, I was a bit uncomfortable with the audio used in the end chapter, but to save on any sort of spoiler I won't discuss what that was. Those who know PKD's life will know what the audio represents.- I fell through a wall to ground level from the first floor, leaving the elevator I used to get there still up top. I could then enter a big open space behind where the elevator should have been - doing so triggered the elevator to come down, which promptly pushed me through the wall, trapping me between the wall, a desk and a door.The kind of reality breakdown the game had not intended to include! I was disappointed that this relatively short, small, and fairly constrained game had bugs like that in it.- No saves. If you start a chapter, finish it, else you'll be back at the start when you come in again. This is particularly vexing if you get squeezed into a stuck situation by a glitched elevator, for example.- No explanation at the beginning! For those stuck, type the faded letters representing the ongoing story on the typewriter. For the rest of the game, I like that the mechanics weren't explained and it was a voyage of small discoveries, but it will leave people thinking it's crashed if you throw them in to a static screen with none of the expected keys doing anything right at the outset.- Very short, so keep that in mind if considering it. Doesn't seem to be much that would reward repeat playthroughs (based on having repeated some chapters due to the lack of saves ahem.)- The mixing of realities sure was neat though, as were the stories of each chapter. Just wish it had been developed further, personally.- The areas to explore are fairly limited, and the mechanics of the puzzles are too. Since it's short, that doesn't get old, but did leave me feeling like this could have been so much more!- If you like The Stanley Parable, you might like this too; though Stanley is more rewarding of repeat playthroughs, and manages to have more of the wry humour and wit that would have fitted in well here!"
,Recommended,402060,21284447,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,The Underachiever,"I haven't a clue as to how this game looks to people unfamiliar with PKD, but his fans are going to enjoy this. There's treats for 'em♥♥♥♥♥♥heads everywhere!The puzzle (puzzle? symbol hunt?) mechanics themselves are simple and relatively inventive and I've found them fun, though they are by no means the main focus of the game.DISCLAIMER - if you're the kind of player who's in for the gameplay, and have never heard of PKD on top of that, then I don't think this is the game for you. I would be delighted to be proven wrong on this one, but be warned.""Jump in the urinal and stand on your head.I'm the one that's alive.You're all dead."""
,Not Recommended,402060,21636730,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,The Sombrero Kid,"I really wanted to like this, I love PKD & love the style of the game but a combination of bugs and no saves mean I can't get past the first part of the game. It'll crash or i'll fall through the world and  have to replay the first 15 minutes over & over. I don't recommend it but I loved what I played :(EDIT: I haven't had a chance to go back to it yet but the devs have been quite active fixing  bugs and added a save system, so maybe my review is out of date, I hope so because it really did have a lot of promise!"
,Not Recommended,402060,21304298,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,ayy lmao,"I could not get past chapter 3, even after several retries.. I tried opening dimensions in different orders etc. Bad."
76561197962473519,Recommended,402060,21340586,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Caff,"Trippy, very much a puzzle game. Lovely art, well voiced in English and a strange, heavy druggy atmosphere.Good if you like games like Jazzpunk."
,Recommended,402060,21337585,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Joga,"Californium is not for everyone. It's more of a postmodern art piece than a game, which makes sense, since it was funded as an art project. It's averystrange game,andit's a walking simulator (which I personally enjoy, but I realize isn't for everyone).  But if you like surrealism and you're open to more ""non-traditional"" sorts of games, you'll likely have an enjoyable experience.The game does suffer a bit from what little gameplay it does have - you search around the environment finding hidden theta symbols that create bubbles of alternate reality, but some of them can be pretty difficult to find. Nothing ever kept me stumped for too long, but I feel it almost would have been better as a ""pure"" walking simulator without trying to shoehorn a hidden object game into it. It doesn't detract from the overall experience though.If you're looking for a short, cheap, and certainly unique experience, you should give Californium a try."
76561198057254626,Recommended,402060,21392727,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,rybyk,"Respectable effort, aesthetically this is probably more true to PKD than most of the movie adaptations out there (A Scanner Darkly coming closest). It is quite minimal in its gameplay and narrative, but in many ways it is a knowing and loving homage. It won't be everyone's cup of tea, but for a hardcore PKD-head it is an essential experience in how it recreates the ontologically suspect, shifting realities of PKD worlds within the simple framework of a 'hidden object' game. The themes are semaphored rather than fully developed, and I wouldn't say no to a more adventure-game treatment with a bit more depth, but I found the final chapter strangely moving and effective nonetheless, the music was a very nice touch. Thanks to the devs for this brief trip into the mind of my favourite author ever."
,Recommended,402060,21413830,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,nosseb,This game is a quite hard puzzle (it took me about 7 hours to solve it with Google's help) and has quite a lot of glitch but still worth it.
76561198069458897,Recommended,402060,21285415,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,projectryan99,"I'm voting yes because, from what I can tell, it's enjoyable to play once it actually runs properly and I wouldn't want to hurt a game's rating because of some freak anomally. Unfortunatly, I cannot seem to locate the last of the six greek letters in the beginning (the one that's supposed to be in the room opened by another letter) and also dispite the voices being set to english, its still all french audio (text is english though). Buyer beware and developer debug."
,Recommended,402060,21289445,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Señor Scarybagels (card idling),"This game unfortunate has a few bugs in it, but other than that it is an interesting take on hidden object games.  You go through looking for the items you need to find.  The story is good and I like the way its paced, one of Philip K.♥♥♥♥♥♥s last works and the dealings with alternate realities and such is really well done.Get it."
,Not Recommended,402060,21469366,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,betafive,"Extremely glitchy, and far less fun than it could have been. Regularly became annoyingly lagged, usually right around the end of chapters. The ""puzzles,"" such as they were, became tedious, and the ending was unsatisfying. The closing credits were so bugged as to be unreadable.Philip K♥♥♥♥♥♥would not be happy with this game."
76561198077538197,Not Recommended,402060,26198704,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,VandriX,"Absolutly not obtimized for mac : even in low graphics the game is slow as hell...Absolutly no clue of what you should do : I mean I'm stuck in this flat for 20min now and I still don't know what I have to do...Absolutly no help : It's been 20min and nothing is here to help the player understand what he has to do. A twikling/flashing object or a voice guidance would be welcome but no, nothing at all...Well I just quit the game with a huge disapointment..."
,Not Recommended,402060,21352619,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,maskofthephantasm,"Crashy mess, sometimes random collisions will make the game crash randomly. The game is made up of four chapters, and there's no saving within chapters.The visual appeal is there, but the gameplay is weak. I'm ok with exploration based games, but there wasn't even much to explore here, and finding the sigils was a finnicky process within minimum payout."
,Recommended,402060,29022518,Posted: 4 January,all,Seaniemaurice,"Full video review here -https://youtu.be/EGKy24cbMaoThis game isn't for everyone. Whilst it is a walking simulator, it is also a hidden objects game. The story is spelled out by brief dialog with cutout NPC's and observing and exploring the world around you.This game is heavily inspired by Phillip K Diq (I respelled his name so it could come up) and explores several realities the protagonist exists within. The art style is beautiful and the story telling is unique and for that I can recommend it. However due to the length of the game versus other walking sims lengths to what I got out of it. It felt like it needed one more reality to really pollsh things up and for that I can only recommend to buy when on sale."
,Not Recommended,402060,28815828,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Mica$h41,this game was broken in the last chapter i replayed several times same thing
,Recommended,402060,21279263,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,hereHerka,"Good story, good stagging ideas and quite an original game mecanism.However the pathfinding really sucks and I though three times that I was stuck because of a game problem but it was just the path to find in order to continue.I might have needed more deepth with all of those good ideas."
76561197987044828,Recommended,402060,21375915,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Cosmo Kramer,"Multiplayer, futuristic machine guns, leveling, famous actors with completely dead eyes that look slightly cross-eyed, nudity, 12 year old kids that continuously will claim that you prefer the company of men regarding your sexuality.If you're in to that jazz, Californium is NOT for you.Intriguing story, fantastic artwork, engaging monologues, a thick almost suffocating atmosphere.That is what this game is offering.People who complain about this game's gameplay is playing Californium for all the WRONG reasons and should stay away from these types of ambitious projects, and stop giving them a bad name simply because they lack the ability to experience anything other than what Ubisoft, EA or Treyarch tells them to."
,Recommended,402060,28960797,Posted: 2 January,all,abitrich,"Intriguing, trippy and stylish indie game. Loved it."
,Recommended,402060,28998350,Posted: 3 January,all,blessed B,"I enjoyed the game, the pacing and length were perfect and worth my $4.99 (steam sale!)There were some annoyances with dialogue being cutoff too early or skipped accidently for me, but that didn't detract from play much.  Overall, it was well done and I loved all the PKD references scattered throughout.If you're into trippiness and PKD, you'll more than likely have fun with this title."
76561197994801250,Recommended,402060,29261629,Posted: 14 January,all,jon_raleigh,"The game is a love letter to Philip K.♥♥♥♥♥♥ a criminally underrated, yet amazing, writer of mind-bending science fiction.It takes you on a journey through the mind and worlds of Elvin Green, a failing (both professionally and personally) science fiction author. You walk through the street the game takes place on, finding objects that appear depending on the action you're taking or the position you're in. It's sort of a hidden object game. To elaborate much further risks spoiling the story.The game isn't too brief, but it isn't long either. I'm not sure how you judge value, but I purchased it for a little under $10 during a Steam sale and the price seemed right."
,Recommended,402060,23916434,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,[V101] Zach Wilson,It's definitely not for everyone but I think it will appeal to some of the people who are into more experiential stuff.  Heavily influenced by Philip K♥♥♥♥♥♥ his life and writings.  The core mechanic - hunting and clicking on sigils really forces you to examine the worlds as they unfold.  It's a pretty good looking game that blends styles with some moments of real excellence.  Firewatch on Acid? only takes about 2.5 hours to get through. I think it's worth it.
,Recommended,402060,24236446,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Professor Laytency,"I'll preface this by saying this game isn't for everyone, not by a long shot. The games main mechanic is hunting down hidden objects and talking to NPC's which reveals more of the story as you progress.The story is quite interesting and plays like a PKD short story with all the associated twists and turns. Visually, I was impressed and liked the aesthetic the designers went for with it's 60's inspired psychedelia. All the voice acting is nicely done, and the soundtrack feels appropriate, if not a little sparse at times.The game itself can be finished in a couple of hours, and I can't really imagine there to be much replay value. There are a few bugs present, and objects can sometimes be frustratingly difficult to collect even though you know they're there.Overall though I enjoyed playing the game, and would recommend it to fans of PKD and those who are looking for something a little quirky and different."
,Recommended,402060,29261953,Posted: 14 January,all,TrashyDrea,"Actually, on third play this game is fun and unique! I'm so glad I bought it. It's rewarding."
76561197960891946,Not Recommended,402060,22428913,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,SlasherMCT,Requested a refund because it is tedious looking for sigils - especially with the low framerate on a late 2013 MacBook Pro.
,Recommended,402060,21283791,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,yung needle dick,still conufsed
,Not Recommended,402060,21280806,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,DMStewart,"ProTip: When releasing a game, make sure that it doesnt hang on the opening scene indefinitely. Tested this on my main rig and laptop. Same deal. Blurry typewriter either stays blurry or just starts to come into view. No buttons respond. Leaving it at default languages seems to let the opening scene move a few frames further but you can get past the first 1-3 seconds of the game. Too bad. Anything that wins a PKD award always has my attention."
,Recommended,402060,22209688,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,RadioactiveGazz,"Claifornium is a very good walking simulator hidden behind a bad game. The environments are designed wonderfully, and exploring their differences in multiple dimensions is lovely. The story is intriguing, even if the script is a little bloated and lacking in good humour when the tone calls for it. But let it down is the game itself, as all of Californium’s best qualities are trapped behind crap easter-egg hunts. You must find a number of symbols in the environment to enact the changes to other dimensions, and the circumstances under which they appear are often frustratingly arbitrary. They aren’t really puzzles, because they don’t abide by consistent or compelling rules. They also don’t encourage exploration as much as they do reduce the wonderful environment to an irritating obstacle. Testing the player’s patience this way also makes it harder to look past the narrative shortcomings, where if story progress wasn’t punctuated by disgruntling games of hide-and-seek, I likely wouldn’t have been dissatisfied with it. This is born from a lack of confidence in the developer over the walking simulator genre. I believe they felt that the story and wandering alone wouldn’t make the game long enough, or enough like a game to satisfy people, so they put in things that make it more identifiable as a traditional game and pads out the game’s length at the same time. The result is a very interesting game that simply doesn’t value the player’s time, is frustrating over arbitrary things, and calls attention to all of its flaws, not just the crap symbol-finding. Walking simulators as interesting as this are rare, but when they do come along, they need to have the confidence of their developer to allow them to be short and sweet, and not waste the player’s time pretending to be a longer, more gamey product. I genuinely believe that the alternate-reality version of this game that is only an hour long is a much better game, and much more worthy of the price. We’re hitting a point in the gaming market where game length and mechanics are no longer the sum of what make games valuable to players. The components of the game I want are all here, and I hope the developers learn from this and step into the genre with more confidence next time.I recomend this, but only to people willing to grant this game more patience than it earns."
76561198007904658,Recommended,402060,22699095,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,bourriquet42,"This game is awesome! The style is incredibly strong and original, the story is mindblowing and the suspense grabs you to the end and lets you breathless.The gameplay does get a bit repetitive, but then you get better so it goes faster, and the narration is more and more present and takes the lead, so it's not a huge deal in my opinion.To describe the game more precisely, it is a hidden-object, with suprising and surreallistic hints. The direction is very cinematographic, some kind of Aronofsky/Lynch-like, with a unique oppressively-warm color graphic style, and a very schizophrenic story à-la K.♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,402060,21647467,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Yer Ma,"Life is a mystery, are you going to uncover it or just sit there getting high?"
,Recommended,402060,21434054,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,dmanzo,"As a game... this is simply bad... you just have to wander around hoping to spot some flickering light and click on them.BUTIf you love Philip K.♥♥♥♥♥♥(edit: LOL)like the art stylewant to play ""Dude, my hands are huge simulator 2016""then you may like this.and the day I'll play something like the last level in VR I'll definitely quit drinking"
,Recommended,402060,21522361,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,KWAIG,"Managed to try the game out at EGX last year and have been looking forward to it ever since. It manages to capture the experience of reading an old school♥♥♥♥♥♥or Vonnegut book and relays the world so well. Lived up to my expectations and still managed to surprise me. A true sci-fi game with soul, congratulations."
,Recommended,402060,21583320,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Pancake,"You can download it for free, and it's just meant to promote the PKD documentary from arte anyway. So why people call this a ripoff or not a game is beyond me."
,Recommended,402060,21914455,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Maximillion Danger,Definitely art.
,Recommended,402060,27468000,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,mbehemoth,Paranoia? Mental Illness? Broken Home?  You too can experience the downward spiral into alcohol and drugs that made Philip K.♥♥♥♥♥♥the writer he is!
,Recommended,402060,31387196,Posted: 26 April,all,FM R IZ,A game based on the work PKD I want to like it more than I do. I feel like I'm stuck on the same block no matter the demension. I hope it gets better. I would like more games on Philips work and better.buts worth the trippy feel of it
