user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198066253605,Recommended,402020,19787885,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,SABINA,"http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=565636474The top three things that make good psychological horror are; atmosphere, atmosphere, and (you guessed it) atmosphere.  This game has it in spades. Other qualities would include the pace and building of tension, the story itself, and the fear factor. The Park does them all very well, especially in the second half of the game where a progression device is used to masterfully build tension, fear and general unease.Many reviewers, even some of the popular professional reviewers, state that they finished the game (or ""beat"" the game) in an hour or two. It took me almost 4 hours to read everything, get all the achievements, and experience it the way it was likely intended. Without spoiling anything, the second half of the game has readables that change as you progress. This device is what helps to build the tension, reveal clues in the story, and heighten the sense of horror. So I can imagine that many players didn't give the items a second (or even third or fourth) look after reading them the first time, if at all. I suppose it is possible to finish the game in under two hours IF they ran the entire game and didn't bother to check all interactive items. But doing so would rob you of the actual game experience. This is not a game to ""beat"", but a game to experience. Those of the tl;dr generation, or of the mindset to beat a game as fast as possible and ""win"" will likely not enjoy or appreciate The Park. Instead, it is rather like a short story from one of the early collections of Stephen King, or The Bachman Books. Perhaps even a PG-13 version of Clive Barker's Imajica or The Books of Blood (""We're all books of blood... wherever we're opened, we're red."") So if you were the type of fourth grader who preferred Koontz over Blume, The Shining over Superfudge, you will probably enjoy this.That being said, the price point of 12.99 is too steep for a game that is less than four hours long. This puts the hourly rate between 3 and 6 dollars an hour, far too much. The appropriate price would be 4.99US. A dollar an hour is generally as high as I am willing to go for any game, and for that, it better be good.I do hope that Funcom decides to make more vignettes like this, set in The Secret World style, or even a full length feature for single player. The fact that it's Multi-Player Only is all that is keeping me from playing The Secret World.In summary, The Park is a great experience for true psych horror fans, but wait for it to go on sale at least 75-80% off.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=565882318"
,Not Recommended,402020,19887828,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Medic,The game is fun in the last few mins but it is too short and cost too much for a 1 to 2 hour game. Get it when it's $5 or less
,Recommended,402020,18900753,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,♫Quilly Shiba,"Overview:The Park is what I call an ""experience"" game, kind of like an interactive movie, and is very story heavy. It took me about 2 hours to complete, including starting a new game to grab an achievement I'd missed at the beginning of the game. It is a horror game, but if you're looking for something with more replayability, this game doesn't really provide unless you just really liked the story or environment and wanted to play again.Worth it for an ""experience"", but if you're looking or a horror game with more interactive elements such as stealth and combat, you could probably get something else great at the same price instead.Thoughts, story wise:Very simply put, you play as a mother looking for her child in an amusement park. However, things aren't what they seem on the surface, as the park turns nightmare-ish, and you're not sure if you're in the present time, or in reality. I would say that the game starts to pick up around the third ride or so, as you start finding notes that hint at the park's past. As the game progresses, you also start to find out secrets and mysteries of your own past, and of your relationship with family and son.Pros/cons:I felt that the game, while very slow in the beginning, really picked up in the second half. The ending left me pondering, the story made me debate and sympathize with some more heavy subject matter the game brought up. The characters are very human, and possibly even people that you could meet and see around in real life, and putting myself in her shoes was definitely a wild and dark roller-coaster ride (no pun intended).I feel that that some aspects could be improved, for example the pacing in the beginning, or perhaps fleshing out the story a bit more. I knew enough to piece together things in my mind, and definitely don't mind ambiguity and intrigue, but some parts were definitely not really linked together. (Perhaps there was some reference to The Secret World that I didn't get, but I played TSW for some time and there was no info that I really understood to patch up those missing links. If you have info, please don't hesitate to let me know!)Thoughts, gameplay wise:The game is in first person perspective, and you can toggle running or walking. The menu has enough graphics options including field of view (important to me!). Mostly you try to follow your son's voice, and there are cutscenes triggered at each location, that convey story and atmosphere. The initial locations are more cutscene oriented, but in the second half, especially in a good part of the game, you have more interactivity. I found that this suited the game to convey this story - it's not survival and there's no combat.One big thing I hope that can be improved, is the size of writing on the notes you pick up throughout the game. The writing is unproportionally small so may be really difficult to read on smaller screens.Ending remarks:I got the game at launch, which was $7.55 Canadian $. For an ""experience"" game, I felt it was worth it, like how I would pay $10+ for a movie at the theatre. The story was good and I felt I got what I was looking for, psychologically.~If you enjoyed this review, please check out theCompleting the Backlogcurator page, for other nice reviews by me and others!~"
76561197970353719,Not Recommended,402020,23272113,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,CaptnDangerous,"Shorter than most demos of games.A few jump scares but not many.Pointless right click action that makes your character shout out to find her son in one of 5 phrases like a pull cord on a doll. Her voice gets increasingly more desperate as you progress but really, really pointless. And I swear to God, if I hear the name Callum one more time....Super frustrating loop bit in the game goes on too long, although does rack up the tension a little.The dreamy narration that kicks in every 100 yards kills any creepy atmosphere.Graphics and sound are ok and the game itself is a passable hour of your life, but £10??? Can't recommed it. Go see a movie on IMAX and you get more value for money and that is expensive as hell."
,Recommended,402020,18800132,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Malison,"Game:The ParkPublisher:FuncomDeveloper:FuncomSteam Release Date:October 27, 2015Genre:Walking Simulator, Psychological HorrorOh Funcom, how this game adds to my love-hate relationship with you...About the Game and the Universe it's set inThe Park is set within the dark, fictional world of the MMORPG The Secret World, and as such, manages to retain alot of the feel and atmosphere of the game in this single player installment. Many people who have played TSW will recognize that this is the exact same amusement park they get to play around in after leaving Kingsmouth, albiet the TSW version is rundown and abandoned. If you didn't notice it was the same amusement park, perhaps it's time to delve into the lovecraftian themed mmo again.The Park is a walking simulator game with psychological horror elements, however, the game also is very story driven and focuses on exploration of the environment as well.You are Lorraine, a young single mother, who has taken her brat... I mean child... to the Atlantic Park, and just as you are getting ready to leave, find out that your childs favorite teddybear is lost. Like any good parent, you go to the information to see if it is in the lost and found bin (instead of being like any NORMAL parent who buys another one for the brat), and as you're talking with the information staff you find that your son has run into the the amusement park.Conveniently, the park is starting to close for the day, and the friendly staff member who knows you on a first name basis lets you back into the park to catch your son. As you enter the park, the lights magically change from afternoon to the witching hour and your brat has run so far ahead that it is impossible to catch up with him.. that and the fact you spend your time leisurely riding each ride you come across instead of actually trying to find him.The deeper you get into The Park, and the more you explore, the higher the fear is, and the more you realize that there is something dark, unwelcoming, and unloving about the park.The goodThis game has alot of good going for it, almost enough to make you overlook the fact that it is a Funcom game.... almost..+ Graphics are absolutely goregous and run smoothly, character model faces however, use the same engine as TSW, which for me was lackluster.+ Sound effects are not loud and overpowering+ Superb voice acting for Lorraine. You can hear the fear in her voice at times, as well as the anger later on in the game.+ Easy achievements for those who care about those things.+ Very atmospheric and immersive given the genre and length of game.+ Player Character is very relatable, isnt a super hero.The Ugly- Right away I crashed. A great reminder that this game was indeed, a Funcom game.- Length of game was rather short, and the first half of the game felt a bit forced to me... another great reminder that this is a Funcom game.- Lack of ability to jump or traverse uneven terrain. This really irks me, because for a game that wants you to explore, you're limited to JUST the park paths.- Game not overly scary. For a psychological horror game I was expecting more... well... psychological horror.. and in fact I only had three moments where I was genuinely creeped out before the last twenty minutes of the game.-I did not actually care for the ending. I wont go into details why, but for me, it was just underwhelming.- About 80% of the notes, letters, and other clues were mostly unreadable to the normal eye. I had to get really close to the screen to make out the clues. (Thanks SuperDean for reminding me of this!)The ConclusionThe Park in all intents and purposes, is a successful walking sim game, and works as a psychological horror game. It is executed fairly well, despite some flaws and personal issues with it. It delivers some genuinely creepy moments and can be played in one sitting. However, the game does not offer much replay value, other than to be used as a part of halloween game week/day once a year. I bought this at the pre-order price, and for that price, I feel it was well worth that discounted price. Even if I had paid the full price for the game ($12.99 USD) I feel it would have been worth it.Definately recommended for those who enjoyed The Secret World, or who like games like this and don't want to pay the regular price for Among The sleep."
,Recommended,402020,18723488,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,KillingArts,"The Park is something like an atmospheric horror walking simulator. If you despise the idea of a walking simulator, you can stop reading right now. Because that is what you do. There is very little interaction. Instead the narrative is the strong element of this game. You constantly discover new pieces of the story and try to find out what is going on. I won't say more (everything would be a spoiler).All I can say is that the game gets darker and more intense with every minute. The horror element is not too bad (yes, there are a few jumpscares). And the finale is really nice. I can't say I completely understood what happened in the end (it's a bit open to interpretation). But it left me thinking about the different possibilities, and I spent 20 more minutes in the forum to find out what others think happened. I think this is a good sign, right?So yeah, I liked it. You just have to ask yourself, are you willing to pay 10 bucks for 90 minutes of entertainment. I am completely fine with the length of this game. But I know many people will not be. So if you are interested, but think 10€ (13€ once the release discount expires) is too much, maybe wait for a 50% sale."
76561198031579361,Not Recommended,402020,23530794,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,mkucharski,"This is one of those if I had a third option.Good Story and Great Atmosphere, Secret World has lots of good environments, and this was well suited environment for story told.I can't recommend this game, because it just isnt a game, its a minimal interaction narrative story, without the substantial depth you might have gotten from reading a book for a few hours.I am just dissapointed that it could have been so much more, not that what was there was bad."
76561198057468437,Not Recommended,402020,23270855,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Just-Korsten,"First off, The Park is not a bad game, it is just not what you expect.Sure, the starting atmosphere is spooky and you get a little bit of a haunted feeling. But there is no follow through. You look for your son in a dark theme park that feels scary and every so often you are interupted by some story your protagonist feels the need to share. Not to say the story is bad, it just doesn't support the game - at least not until you reach the end and it all kinda wraps up.This story telling the game does, negates the whole effect of the dark atmosphere. And soon you will grow complacent in the game. Maybe a jump scare or 2 will startle you, but it never quite feels scary anymore. Quite a shame really.So in the end; don't buy this game if you are looking for a scary or haunting experience. Don't buy it for the story either. Truly the only reason to recommend this game, is if you are fairly new to horror games and want an easy ride."
76561198063033575,Not Recommended,402020,32329898,Posted: 10 June,all,Avrenim,"The trailer's pretty misleading. This is basically just a creepy walking simulator.  If you want a short and dark story, I'd say go for it but there's really nothing to say about gameplay."
,Recommended,402020,18992358,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,Modest Penguin,"The Park is a beautifully done psychological horror game about a mother trying to find her son, who is lost in an old amusement park after closing.  Its creepily entertaining and the story comes in bits and pieces as Lorraine explores the park chasing after her son.Pros:Builds a creepy moodHas a complex female protagonistInteresting storyThe amusement park is like a character itselfCons:Very short at about two hours, probably less for faster players. A friend told me she finished it in 90 minutes!Some rooms are repeatedNo real puzzlesKinda expensive for what you getI really enjoyed this and I feel that others interested in horror games might really like this, especially if it goes on sale. :)"
,Not Recommended,402020,23952851,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Minniewhop,"I wish I could recommend this game but it was way to short for the pricetag. I picked it up on the sale which was 6.45 euro and I still regret it and for one reason. It's VERY short, now I didn't expect this game to be a long one but at least more than 1 hour(the 0.8 extra hours it was paused) for that price.That being said It's a beautiful game and the story is different and interesting. AND you get to ride the attractions! Yay!It's supposed to be some kind of horror game and it does give off that kind of atmosphere. Although it's not very scary it gives off the right kind of feeling of ""darkness"". I also have to give a plus for the voice acting which is really good and I specifically like the mother's(protagonist) voice.If you're thinking of buying this game be prepared for a good 1 hour spent but in the end a feeling of having been robbed."
76561198080038125,Not Recommended,402020,19847381,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Hexvex,"This ""game"" (more an experience)  should be viewed from 2 perspectives.  First if you are a TSW (mmorpg) player or ex player and second as someone with absolutely no connection to it.As a TSW player:You buy this game to support Funcom, expand your tsw lore knowledge and enjoy one of the more iconic locations from the game in detail.Or to be more honest to get the chipmunk outfit and a ridiculously overpowered P2W talismans that you cant get any other way (which is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t tbh)Non TSW player:What you have here is 1 maybe 2h walking simulator. There is virtually no interaction to speak of.-Graphics are good enough.-Story is where i would say you will most likely find enjoyment if you like dark psychological horror themes, just dont have high expectations. I did not find it scary, and most scare attempts were made using very obvious and predictable techniques. This resulted in game not feeling creepy or even suspensful.-Performance is not really optimal and some rigs might have issues.-Do not rely on calling out Callum for direction he is a troll, use the maps.-God damn sprint is slow-Near end of game you will be going through the same room and stairs over and over, this is not a bug just annoying as hell.Overall:Would i suggest buying the game at 13 euros. Hell no !    Wait for a deep discount, 4 euros or so at most , unless ofc you need the items for TSW pvp , then well do you really have a choice.Coming as a 3y old TSW player i dare say it is not up to standard.Quality of TSW storytelling and atmosphere upon the games release and first few issues was among the best ever in gaming and certainly in any mmo. Sadly after a rough start the main storyteller and designer Ragnar Tørnquist left and game never really recovered from it. Atm game has a very watered down feeling and this spinoff is a more diluted version of that. Lets hope they do better in the future."
,Not Recommended,402020,20099319,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Yinoguns,"The Park is an interesting game, provoking thought more than scares. I recommend this game as a cheap purchase for maybe an hour of entertainment but nothing more.It gives content for the MMO 'The Secret World' which apperently gives more context to aspects to this experience."
76561197997030136,Not Recommended,402020,33894936,Posted: 29 July,all,Alysandir,"TLDR:An atmospheric, psychological horror/supernatural-themed walking simulator that delivers a few cheap scares, but fails to deliver either a compelling story or satisfying exploration experience. Also personally found its themes offensive, YMMV. Can only recommend to fans of the genre and even then, wait for it to go on sale.Review:This your standard linear walking simulator/exploration game that takes place primarily in a creepy, broken-down amusement park. The gist of the narrative is that of a young mother searching for her child lost - who has presumptively been kidnapped by the evil spirits inhabiting the park - but within the first five minutes you'll realize that not all is as it seems, and that the protagonist is every bit as haunted as the park appears to be.About a quarter of the way through the game, maybe even less, you'll begin to understand that the story is not what you think it is and that the whole park experience (as well as that which follows it) isa visual representative of the protagonist's deteriorating mental state.What did I like about The Park?Visuals are fairly attractive - for decrepit amusement park, that is - although I will say that if you set the gamma as per the game's opening instructions, the game ends up being far too dark.Story pacing is decent, as you move quickly from area to area, keeping the game experience fairly fresh. The end area gets rather repetitive though, but I believe it's safe to say that's by design.This game does include a jog-mode to help you move more quickly, a feature I've come to appreciate in walking simulators.While the game does employ a couple jump scares - which I typically consider a cheap way to set atmosphere - the designers did include some downright creepy touches that you'll only notice if you're really paying attention.What I didn't like about The Park:It is very difficult to sympathize with the protagonist. You wouldn't think sympathizing with a mother searching for her lost child would be very hard, but within the first half hour I wager that you will begin to really not like this woman, and it steadily gets worse. I can't speak for everyone, obviously, but I find it very difficult to enjoy a game where I'm playing a character that I simply cannot empathize with, or put myself in their shoes.The length of the game is really quite short; even earning all achievements, I completed the game in under two hours, and to be frank, the actual exploration & discovery portion of the game occupied far, far less of that time. (The last area of the game really isn't about exploration and is more of a ""move through and experience it"" area.)I played two games from the beginning, and both times had some critical mouse input issues in both games that I had to alt-tab out to correct both times. Given how long this game has been out, that seems like a very weird bug to persist.The revealed narrative and the ending did not sit well with me at all, as I found it to be patently offensive and harmful towards a particular demographic in society. Spoilers ahead, so proceed at your own risk!As I mentioned before, the entire experience of The Park is an allegory for the protagonist's relapse into significant mental illness, and it's an extremely ham-handed one at that. We learn that the protagonist has had a rough life, with a possibly abusive father, a fiancee who dies in an accident not long after the conception of their child, a mother who doesn't want to know her, and in-laws that don't care a whit that she's the mother of their grandson. We also learned that she suffered from diagnosed postpartum depression. And for all of this, medical professionals treated her with both electroshock therapy (!) as well as a psychotropic drug (!) (based on the demonstrated effects), cheekily called 'Zolift.' (The actual drug, ""Zoloft,"" is *not* a psychotropic drug, BTW.)But it doesn't stop there; we are also treated to child-regression fantasies, anger displacement, escapist fantasies, and...oh yeah...the implied murder of her own child in order to, ""save him,"" from the same abusers that hurt her, when it's pretty clear that she's the abuser to him.At the risk of getting preachy, the premise of The Park is akin to taking every stigmatizing stereotype about mental illness and making it reality, with the end goal of...what exactly? There is no moral to this story; no point in the narrative where if she had just picked B instead A, everything might have turned out okay. It's clear from the narrative that the protagonist has no choice but to devolve into someone capable of murdering their child.If there's any judgment here at all, it would appear to be at the people who ""abandoned"" her or at the medical professionals who ""declared her cured"" and tossed her back into the real world with prescription medications as her only babysitter. The reality, however, is that no medical professional would send her away under medication without recurring therapy sessions any more than having tragedy in one's life leads to the kind of psychotic break on display here, so the whole thing comes off as very disingenuous.In short, this is the mental illness equivalent of a minstrel show, in that the representation of the causes, effects, and treatments of mental illness is given over to the worst stereotypes out there and offensive to those who battle it. The Park isn't a narrative done to be intentionally ""disturbing"" for reasons of entertainment; it's one that earnestly appears to believe that we're still living in the 1950s insofar as mental health treatment is concerned.You are certainly free to disagree with me, that this is just a story and that I shouldn't get all worked up over it. But even in 2017 there exists such a stigma against mental illness that people are afraid of seeking help for fear of being isolated or fired from their jobs (both of which happen in The Park), and for fear of being subjected to extreme therapies like electroshock or psychotropics (both of which happen in The Park), did we really need a game to reinforce that stigma?"
76561197969749884,Recommended,402020,32192665,Posted: 4 June,all,Sarkoth,"The Park is a quite short walking simulator with a mildly obvious story, average writing, yet extremely great art design and atmosphere. As part of a bundle or on sale 75% and more it's worth the two hours (tops) for a playthrough, but the standard asking price is quite too high."
,Recommended,402020,31942423,Posted: 24 May,all,niX,"Short story that will leave you with more questions than answers. If you like open-ended psychological games that really make you question what's going on, then this is for you.The story features a single mother named Lorraine who has lost her son in a theme park. She chases her son, and as time goes on, things take a drastic turn. It's about an hour long, all achievements can be obtained in one run.. making this a great ""I want to kill an hour or so"" type of game.ProsEasy to complete for completionists and for those who do not have a lot of free time to play games.Has some replayability, as some things make more sense the second time around. Lorraine will make a comment which will make more sense, or you will read a note you previously didn't understand which is now more easily understood.The events and story are open to interpretation which makes this a unique experience for each player. The story is what you as a player make of it. There are no right or wrong answers, as the conclusion is left very open ended.No enemies or puzzles, making this a simplistic and linear ""walking simulator"" type of game. This allows you to focus on the environments and what is going on around you with minimal stress.ConsSteep price for a game that will take an hour or MAYBE two hours if you replay it or take your time. This is probably best purchased on sale.The developers seem to boast about how ""thrilling"" this game is. I think their egos are a bit big in this aspect - as this game is hardly scary. There's a cheap few jump scares thrown in, but I don't consider to even count in ""horror"" games these days. This game is better described as being slightly disturbing. The highlight for me personally was the psyche of our main protagonist, but other than that any ""scary"" aspects are very shallow.The lead up is very slow. The game doesn't really get good until the last half hour.. at which point it's intense and in full swing. For an interactive game, there really isn't much to interact with. It takes over half of the game to get to the best parts, and then it's over.Font on some of the notes and letters in the game have small font that's hard to read (I play on an 18"" monitor), and there's no option to zoom in on anything. I cannot imagine somebody playing on a laptop or small screen being able to read anything in this game. Pretty big oversite, considering that most of what you interact with are letters/books/notes. The other annoying thing about collectibles is that you have to fidget around in order to interact with them properly. You practically have to be standing on top of an item or right in front of it before it can be reviewed.Giving this a recommend because I feel the overall experience outweighted the flaws, and I very genuinely enjoyed this."
,Recommended,402020,25006591,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,DeadlyDoRight,Well I did like the story behind it even if I didn't quite understand it thoroughly.Meant to be disturbing and not exactly something for children.Recommended for those who like creepy dark and disturbing tales.Not exactly survival horror but a rather haunting story about a mom looking for her sonand facing her own ambivalent feelings about herself as a mom and her mental issues.
,Recommended,402020,19152483,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,Bad Whippet,"What is it?""The Park"" is a very short narrative horror game (approx 2 hours' gameplay) set in a spookily derelict theme park.  You are seeking your son who ran ahead of you and has vanished out of sight.  As you search for him, you'll start to unravel the history of the park as well as begin to experience more of the horrors within both the park and yourself.  It's a game that probably merits the unfortunate tag ""walking simulator"" but in a positive way.  It doesn't feel laboured.  It plays equally well with gamepad and keyboard/mouse.  The story is dark and mysterious as it unfolds.Is it any good?It's VERY atmospheric.  If you like the idea of wandering around a small, desolate theme park in the dark, and to perhaps experience some of the rides as the story is narrated, this is a game you'll enjoy.  The horror elements are really well done, with a few small jump scares but no cheap tricks.  What was especially pleasant was to find my character had arms and legs, full reflection in mirrors and a shadow that occasionally made me jump when cast against a wall (bigger devs please take note - it was very nice not to be a disembodied head)!  The gamepad controls were very simple too.  A joy to play and, while sadly very short, a rich and dark experience as a psychological mystery unfolds, leaving you to ponder what on earth it all meant, and what your part in the story might have been.  The graphics, once inside the park, are tremendous, giving an EthanCarter-like vibe to the game.Anything not to like?I had a couple of glitches in trying to get it to run properly but a restart resolved it (my gamepad refused to be recognised at first).  The game is very short indeed, but I suspect it's meant merely to be a teaser game for Funcom's ""The Secret World"" (an MMORPG with free 7-day trial).  There isn't a concrete conclusion to the ending - which I imagine is deliberate, leading you to wonder who and what (can't say more because spoilers, but the story IS good).  There seemed to be a few loose ends where some things weren't explained, but again, that might have been artistic license rather than fault.Is it worth it?Personally, I think it's a wee bit short for the price, but the experience is worth it (if you played the equally excellent ""Homesick"" also on Steam, it's a similar sort of experience - different tale obviously).  On balance, I'm glad I bought it but the replay value (as with all games of this genre) is probably not that great.  I expect I will play it again at some point just like I'd watch a good movie again, but there won't be any variation in gameplay."
,Recommended,402020,18711887,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,thesawolf,"The Park is a superbly-crafted, gloomy, dark, atmospheric ""short story"" historically set inThe Secret World MMOuniverse (if you haven't checked it out, be sure to try it out, a 7 day free trial is included in the Extras menu of the game or you can get a 3-5 day trial key from a thread inThe Secret World discussion area). It's full of frights, general creepiness, intriguing lore and the frenetic search for a lost loved one all woven into an effectively told AND experienced dark tale.Graphics: 8/9- The graphics are well done overall. Nice details, shadows/lighting, especially in the world around you. In comparison to other games on the market, I'd have to say it's an 8. The character models feel/look odd at times.But in comparison to it's parent TSW, it's definitely a 9. It is awesome to see the ""historical"" versions/interpretations of a familiar sight in the TSW world.Sound: 8- The audio/bgm is appropriate, quietly brooding and dark. The voiceover work is well done and the voice actor cast for Lorraine was compelling and appropriately cast (the voice fits the game character).Gameplay: 7/8- It's simple and basic enough to make it non-obtrusive and keep the immersion intact. (which can be a double-edged sword) My only complaint isn't about the gameplay mechanics, or the length of the game, it's about the fact that I could not change my key or controller bindings. It's a subtle thing, but important for some folks that might have handicaps or are very preferential when it comes to keys (I'm VERY left-handed and prefer to use my numeric keypad for most things when using kb/m combinations). Also, it would've been nice to have a Zoom in/out feature for the lore items (notes, pamphlets, etc.) that you can pick up or interact with. Some of those fonts were just hard to read on my 52"" TV and my 27"" LED monitor.Story: 9- It was a well-told, immersively dark tale worthy of the TSW universe. I have no complaints. I thoroughly enjoyed the ride (figuratively and literally.. since there are some in the game. hehe)Value: 9- This is MY personal opinion. The amount of money paid for the amount/duration of entertainment I experienced made it worth it. Some people don't like the length of play time. Alot of those folks are A->B people, the kinds of people that don't stop to enjoy the world around them, to look through and embrace the lore presented. There's nothing wrong with it. I'm not one to judge. But neither should you. You are the ones that miss out, though, when you ""don't stop to smell the roses"". I enjoyed myself. It was worth the price tag. Like a good horror movie at the theatre.Overall Score: 8"
,Not Recommended,402020,23262412,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Niowyn,"The game isn't entirely bad, but I expected so much of this game when I first got it, a missing child in an abandoned creepy amusemet park it seemed like the perfect setting for a great horror game. Only it failed to meet my expectations.I mainly do not recommend this due to the full price, I got this on a sale and still regret it in a way. The story had an interesting concept but it didn't seem as developed as it should've been towards the ending. I also don't like when a game relies heavily on jumpscares, especially the cliche type you see in all horror movies which prevented me to experience the inmersive atmosphere some users described on their reviews.It does have it moments however as you go further so if you like horror games and want to give this a try just wait until it goes on a 40+ discount so your pocket doesn't hurt as much and maybe you'll love it."
76561198048974498,Recommended,402020,18967625,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,rjmacready,"I was recently gifted The Secret World by a cousin, and I must admit I've been a tad ambivalent about playing it...not least of all 'cause it's one of them MMO thingies which steal away people's lives and make them neglect all their friends and families and basically drop off this plane of existence altogether.  After playing this apparent ""tie-in"" game, I'm no longer so ambivalent.  I'm now quite willing to give up said life if it's AS ♥♥♥♥ING GOOD AS THIS.  Which I'm pretty confident it WON'T be, but one can only live in hope.Yes, it's a ""walking simulator"".  Yes, it won't ""challenge"" you...well, certainly not on a ""gameplay"" or ""skillz"" level.  Yes, it's also not that long, and would henceforth perhaps be asking a bit much in the price department if it wasn't for the fact that it's HANDS-DOWN ONE OF THE BEST WALKING SIMULATORS YOU WILL EVER PLAY.  And one of the absolute creepiest, to boot.  Good story, GREAT storytelling...if you're one of those people who, like me, frequently finds themselves in arguments with less enlightened folk about the ""artistry"" which is possible in video games, then here's one game which will provide you with plentiful ammunition in taking down your next such opponent.  Games like this are the reason why I virtually never watch horror movies any more, in spite of the fact that I ♥♥♥♥ING LOVE horror movies.I have seen the future of horror gaming, my friends...and that future is bright.  Truly gorgeous stuff.Verdict: 9.5/10."
,Not Recommended,402020,24207827,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,longie.long,"I really hate giving bad reviews but this game has so much wasted potential:Cons:-100 minutes of gameplay for $13=not good.-Sparse action-Sparse plot line-Sparse atmosphere-Underused villainsPros-Excellent voice acting-It's a cursed amusement park-Some atmospheric elements look really good. Like the waving trees and ferris wheel.This game disappointed me. The idea of a cursed amusement park is good! But the park feels so boring and lame that the game feels more like simply walking around looking for something to do.There are a few creepy, scripted moments, but the game is essentially a walking simulator. You pick up a few letters, newspapers and stuff to learn the plot, which is thin. And the papers are very difficult to read due to the crappy handwriting, poor resolution (on my machine) and the fact that they are extremely long and boring.The chipmunk in the game has great potential to be an impressive villain. In the story, it is revealed that he makes ice sculptures. Which should mean he has a chainsaw. No chainsaw. In fact, I can't tell that the chipmunk ever actually moves.The premise is dumb. Your kid wanders into the park after it closes to rescue his teddy bear. You lose track of him so you figure, hey why not ride all the rides? The Tunnel of Tales is a long, long retelling of Hansel and Gretel. Pretty sure the ride is long to make the game seem less short. It's boring.Why is this lady riding the ferris wheel when she should be looking for her kid?At the endwhen she finds him, he is unconscious on a slab, so she stabs him in the head.WTF?"
,Recommended,402020,20524446,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,MattFiler,"I played The Park in an evening over Christmas and it was a great experience, just like being in an interactive movie.I think that it could of done with some better musical cues to help dramatic scenes pay off, but on the whole it was very well done. In my opinion the ending didn't pay off as well as I think the developers were hoping it would, and it would of been nice to see it handled a little better with (again) better musical backing to try and really increase the tension and atmosphere. I'm sure some people would be happy with the current music arrangement though, it's a matter of personal choice I guess. It works pretty well.The level design is pretty good and the effects are clever, there are also elements that add more to the backstory if you're interested in that. The story in general I think can be explored quite deeply, the ending has quite a twist which is somewhat predictable I guess, but well done anyway.Why did I refund the game? Well to put it simply there was no replayability and I completed it in a very short amount of time. If there was a New Game + kind of option so you could play the game again but with a slightly different story, or even mod tools to create your own short horror experience then it would  be a truly great game, but for me it was a little lacking in content. Still happy to give it a good review though as it was a fun experience while it lasted."
76561198027408109,Not Recommended,402020,26282282,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,DipperZ nbd,For how short it is insanely overpriced. Extremely dark story with a few cheap jump scares scattered through it. 4/10 thank god it was on sale.
,Recommended,402020,18731161,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Guzmicz,"Awesome experience. It's a short game, but its atmosphere will devour you. But don't expect too much. You will walk thru the story, literally. It little bit reminds games like Outlast, Alien isolation or Gone home.Positives:+ It's a spin-off of game The Secret World;+ stunning graphics;+ inspired by H.P. Lovecraft (even Callum has a shirt with Cthulhu).Negative:- Maximum of 2 hours of play time.(Edited and updated 31.3.2016, 21:56)"
76561197960533241,Not Recommended,402020,18851005,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,pingzilla,"If you are a fan of The Secret World and want to see a little slice of the Solomon Island story, $10 is cheap enough that you may actually enjoy this ""game"". Under any other circumstances, avoid this title. There is little actual gameplay; it's basically an interactive movie. Unfortunately it lacks everything one would expect from a movie. The plot is predictable and one-dimensional, the characters are cut from tired archetypes, and the climax is incredibly underwhelming. Forty-five minutes of droll dialogue, a couple cheap jump scares, and a repetitive finale sequence left me with a bitter aftertaste and little else."
76561197985072747,Recommended,402020,20511317,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,FantasyFreak_UK,"Genre - Interactive Horror StoryI haven't played the Secret World yet but after enjoying a few other horror games I got recently, I thought this one sounded good.There are items you can unlock in the Secret World game, but ignoring that I will take the game as it is. You are looking at about 1-2 hours play time, including getting all achievements and going off the beaten track. The game made me physically jump once but it has the potehtial to do it more, or at least creep you out depending on your disposition.I thought the story was intriguing and the voice acting was done well. The setting is creepy and the graphics were good enough to draw you into the world. I would say that there is not much interaction and a lot of it is voluntary by the player, but is worth doing to enjoy the tale.You would have to be a fan of interactive stories and fantasy horror to really enjoy this game. I definately feel I got my monies worth (33% off that is)."
,Not Recommended,402020,19438068,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,n.,"What is supposed to be an interactive horror story-telling “game”, there is almost no interaction, no freedom or any sense that you are able to change anything in the story being told. For a £10 release, what is provided is around 90 minutes of no-incentive-to-replay. This would have been better if it were a movie, because then it wouldn’t be trying to pretend to be something than it is.If you’re rich or you see it on sale for less than a quid, buy it and take in the experience, otherwise I would steer clear.On a scale out of 10:Graphics: 7Story: 6Immersion: 5Gameplay: 2"
,Not Recommended,402020,18850897,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Katar,"WARNING: MINOR SPOILERSThis was a tough call, since I honestly enjoyed The Park.I wouldn't really describe this as a 'game', it's more like an 'experience' like an interactive haunted house as you guide Lorraine through The Park in the hopes of finding her son Callum. The game boasts on the cover (or steam page) as a ""Psychological horror experience"" dealing with ""with subject matter that might prove emotionally distressing to some. Player discretion is advised. “But that really isn't the case.  The Park tries to paint Lorraine as a down on her luck single mother dealing with drug and unresolved issues between her father and her son Callum but ultimately falls flat on its face. You simply have no incentive to care about Lorraine’s plight at all because she really has no story other than 'depressed single mom who might hate her kid'.The thing that I enjoyed about the park immensely was its atmosphere and sense of exploration. Wandering from one ride to the next and taking in the scenery and music of The Park. Funcom really nailed the entire 'creepy amusement park' aesthetic and it was a unique experience. The Park can be finished in about an hour and in about 2 if you take your time to see everything The Park has to offer. It's for this reason that The Park isn’t for everyone, and one of the reasons I'm giving it a negative review. There simply isn't the 'bang' there for your 'buck'.PROS-Atmospheric-Experience of 'The Park' - it's like an interactive haunted house if you let yourself get immersed in everything-Ambient sounds add to the atmosphere-Pacing - there are jumpscares, but they are few and far in-between and most of the 'scares' happen while riding the rides The Park has to offer rather than things popping out at you-Easy to get 100% achievementsCONS-Weak Story-Can be beaten in an hour-Not for everyone-13USD$ price tagCONCLUSIONPick up The Park during a sale."
,Recommended,402020,18780696,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Adam,"First thing I will get out of the way is that the game is short.  Very short.  My final playtime was less than two hours and that was a very deliberate playthough where I took my time to find all of the notes etc.If you want a deep experience, with a lot of replay value, move along.  This probably isnt for you.  It is unlikely that you will play through the game more than once.Overall, however, The Park is a enjoyable experience for what it is. A generally spooky narrative experience."
,Recommended,402020,18746016,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,jay_rab,"Quick Verdict:Fan of TSW: Worth playingNon-TSW: Dont Play, too short and poorly optimisedPersonally I am a huge fan of the secret world, I enjoy the mmo and it was nice to get a different glimpse of one of my favorate places in the mmo.That being said the layout is a bit different, I believe this was done because in the mmo you pretty much can walk anywere in the park while in this game it has a path that it wants you to take to progress the story. But with this they also made each of the ride areas bigger and you can jump on any of the rides. One of the rides that was given an improvement over the mmo was the swan ride which has become much more creepy and not just a pit.The dynamic voice that is bound to right click on your mouse is interesting but I seemed to have been using it much more then they planned as the same lines kept getting repeated over and over and only factored in where I was in relation to the story and not in relation to were I was in the park.This also detoured me from exploring,  I was always trying to follow a voice which I never saw the boy and always felt like I should move on instead of looking at a piece of paper or jumping on a ride in order to find the child whom never appeared.It would of been nice if he showed up more and became like a ghost when I tried to grab him.. leaving the note or me jumping on a ride when trying to grab this illusion and I feel it would of fit the story well if they did that and would of been the type of hand holding which would of encouraged me to fully experience everything that was there instead of feeling conflicted about looking at something vs following a voice.Crashes and Framedrops: There seems to be a crash at the start of the game when you adjust the brightness, reloading after setting seems to make this crash go away. Frames were all over the place sometimes really high sometimes really low and so it was somewhat jarring throughout the game. Only major crash I had was towards the very end but at that point you already knew were the story was going."
76561198119237059,Not Recommended,402020,18849226,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Nova,"The game takes about an hour.  I know it says I have 3 hours on record.  That's because I didn't pause when I would afk.  Anyhow.  Game is not as interesting/exciting/thrilling as I had hoped.  So glad I got it mostly for the Chipmunk outfit to play The Secret World (which is well-done and has a really nice storyline with fun playaction).  Not worth $10.  Many more games out there to get more time/enjoyment out of than this one.  Worth it for $1 or $2...but only if you aren't expecting much at all.If you go ahead and buy this, please set your expectations low!"
76561198067496762,Recommended,402020,18718220,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Nightchill,I just finished it and I can tell you I have very much enjoyed it. The only downside is that I wanted more. People that play TSW (The Secret World) will enjoy it even more as it has a very similar atmoshphere and is set inside that game (although years before). Imo it is totally worth it!
,Recommended,402020,24961789,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Senc,"was a great , short ride , definitely need to check for atmosphere and story."
76561198005105573,Recommended,402020,18742143,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Fluffykitty,"The Park is short and sweet, but don't judge it by its length. In effect it's a horror movie that you play through, more than a game per'se, but this isn't a shortcoming as the writing, atmosphere and depth of storytelling is superb. A real testement to Funcom's writing department!You'll get a lot out of this game if you've already played through The Secret World and know its story intricacies inside and out, but it isn't only enjoyable by that crowd. As I played this game, a friend of mine watched, and as he had not thoroughly explored The Secret World, but knew a little about the world, he found the horror elements really pulled him in and immersed him.If you're looking for a horror experience that eschews jumpscares (save for a joke or two) in favour of real forboding, atmosphere and a haunting feeling then The Park is a must-buy. Get it quick while it's only $10, but honestly, it's worth the $13."
,Recommended,402020,29175683,Posted: 10 January,all,Andi,"I don’t like walking simulators.  They’re boring, they have nothing for you to do, no puzzles, no fights, and for the most part, nothing to find.  You just walk.  If I wanted to do that, I’ll go for a real walk.Before I purchased The Park, I had three other walking simulators… didn’t like any of them.  “So buy another one?”, you may ask.  Simple, I screwed up.  I thought there were some puzzles to solve.  “Why did you think that?” is the obvious follow up question.  Steam had their winter sale and I purchased several games and The Park was accidentally thrown into the mix, my own fault.  I had been reading several game summaries, (almost a dozen in all) and confused it with a different game which actually was a puzzle game.When I started The Park, I noticed that one of the tags was “walking simulator”.  CRAP.  I wanted to request a refund but something in the back of my mind said, “Just give it a chance.”  So I did… and I was pleasantly surprised.Pros:-Descent graphics.-A mystery unfolds as you play the game.-Creepy as hell.-All of the achievements are very easy to obtain.-When you enter the park, you can only go one way.  Eventually, you’ll come full circle and find that you’re at the entrance again.  If you look closely as you go down the path again, a couple of things are changed, adding to the creepiness.Cons:-Much to short.-A bit over priced because of how short the game is.The first walking simulator that I really enjoyed and it was over in 2 hours, and that’s me trying to explore every nook and cranny.All in all, I like this game.  I only wish it was longer."
,Recommended,402020,18743691,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,GracelessDeparture,"Tensely atmospheric, this is a well-told psychological horror story. About the same length as a feature film but more involving (and cheaper), I was gripped from the start. Make no mistake though, this is more story than game. Don't expect a test of skill and reactions, but do expect a test of your nerves.The main character Lorraine is believably flawed, with much of the exposition being delivered from her remembrances as you explore. It's hard not to be sympathetic as you discover more about her life as she talks. You're guided through your journey by a simple mechanic - right click the mouse and Lorraine will call out for her lost son, giving you audio and visual cues on where to go or what to examine next, with her calls becoming more frantic and scared as the story goes on. You're led to go on several of the titular theme park's attractions, each giving its own unsettling experience.The game comes bundled with a trial of The Secret World, the free to play MMO in the universe of which the story is set, and some costume items and high level gear to use in that game once you're there. You don't need to know The Secret World to enjoy the story, but those who have played will notice the references dotted throughout The Park.If you're looking for a chilling story that will leave your heart in your throat, then The Park is for you. If you're looking for something with more longevity and replay value, then this isn't going to satisfy. But for such a small price tag, this is a good buy for horror fans looking for a pretty unique if short experience."
76561198022820771,Not Recommended,402020,18824088,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,SocioPsycho,"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SRDEPdlKtb8The Park is officially designated as a first-person psychological horror adventure. Already I am at odds with the game, as adventure implies exploration, or a puzzle element, and horror implies the need for survival against something that is trying to kill you. The actual exploration in this game is limited to looking for your child, which is the whole point of the game, and there are no puzzles that you have to solve in order to continue. As to horror, the gameplay did nothing to add a feeling of doom, or threat to the character, out side of the story. There is no gameplay, no stealth, no challenge as to how to progress to the next zone, only the need to keep walking and get there. If anything, I would classify this game as a walking simulator with a spooky mentality.The strongest element is the story, with an immersive environment and a captivating, emotional lead character that draws you into the story. You are pulled into this dark, haunted, confusing theme park as you look for your child. One thing that takes away from the story is that you have to get on the various theme park rides; not because you think your child is on them, or because it is part of the story, but more because you feel you have to in order to collect some lore, and because the developers want you to experience the ride.The game is short (1-2 hours long) for price they are asking, I feel it needs more than just a really good story. I am conflicted about this game; the story was really good, but the gameplay was atrocious, with little interaction and no adventure element, or choice. For the story, I would recommend you watching a 'Let's Play' from a player you enjoy.Thanks for your viewership and support; for more videos click here:http:/www.youtube.com/user/SocioPyscho"
,Not Recommended,402020,18845435,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Stewie [NL],"Dont buy this game. i dont say its crap... but its not scary.. not even close.. bit disturbing but not scary...i kinda feel bad i bought this game.And i even bought it in sale for like 10 bucks as well and regret it.its a good game but its way too short to call it an actual game!its just a theme park you're going trough riding some rides looking for your son..and than you find that this mom is just mental..and thats pretty much it.Reading from other reviews, it is really just a walking horror simulator..If it was for sale like 2/3 dollars i would say its fair.but surely not more than that.Kinda dissapointed. Its a good game. But is too expensive.To say.. i really expected a lot more for this price. A lot more.If i had the actual game in my hands, i might even say its trash bin worth it...because you will play it once and after you finish it after playing it for like 40/50 minutes...you will never play it again... saying for that... im deinstalling it, and never toutch it again.to bad, because this could be actually a really good game :("
,Recommended,402020,18718539,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Raught,"It was a fun and short little romp through a demented park. I have played The Secret World for years, and it made a lot of fun references to that in the Park. I enjoyed it and would reccomend it to anyone who likes Horror Games or Exploring Games.The Game can be summed up as Dear Esther + Silent Hill PT"
,Recommended,402020,18718305,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,stage,"+interesting story (and shocking +16 if nothing else, don't let little kids play this :) )+visually beautiful+funcom always makes a not the typical game-a bit short then I wanted it to be :)-seems a bit not that well optimized-could have more interaction (though not really a minus, as per the advertisment of the game)"
76561198073329223,Recommended,402020,18716726,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,myrmidon.kris,"Playing this is like taking a guided tour through a horror story.What Funcom does well, it does brilliantly.  Despite not being as recognized as is Bioware for story-telling, Funcom excels like no other developer in that category.  Their games tell the best stories.The Park is a great short story that unfolds before the player from a first-person perspective.  The story will have more meaning to players of Funcom's MMO The Secret World, but the story stands on its own.  Familiarity with TSW's lore is not required to enjoy The Park's story, but there are numerous references that TSW players will likely enjoy.I would not hesitate to reccomend this game to a friend.  But that reccomendation would have this accompanying caveat - be aware that this is a very short video game.  The length worked well for the story and the pricing was appropriate for the entertainment value.  But as most video games are much longer, it's worth mentioning the short length of The Park so that doesn't become one the playthrough's surprises (those surprises, by the way, work surprisingly well).Bottom line, this is a good game and a must-buy for any fan of horror stories."
,Recommended,402020,18714344,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Milee,"I really enjoyed it, the atmosphere is amazing. Of course, playing TSW myself, I did enjoy the little things, like the brand of her medication, or the publisher of the books; all little things that are not necessary to enjoy the game but are a little wink to the universe it's in."
,Recommended,402020,18722428,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,The Guilty Party,"It's exactly what it says on the tin: a short, psychological exploration type game. I'd describe it as more of an interactive movie than a game per se, as you don't really solve in-game puzzles, but more uncover a story that is told via notes and pictures and whatnot (read the backs of books).Whoever did the sound should get some kind of award. It'll take you probably about 1-2 hours to play, but it's high quality time. Fans of The Secret World will pick up on some references in there too (some subtle, some obvious.)"
,Not Recommended,402020,18891636,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,alephenon,"It's not worth what it costs. Until you make it to the rollercoaster, the game is just really plodding and boring and not fun. The ""scares"" are laughable the entire way through. Your character is never in any danger, it's just a walking simulator. Spend your money on a better game."
76561198048836696,Recommended,402020,18731292,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Redleafboomer,loved it well worth 79kr.and i got free stuff for the secret world
,Not Recommended,402020,26114608,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,PoshPorcupine,"Walking simulator with zero decisions, you are on a fixed course through a story with nothing to do besides look at things occasionally.  The story gets better towards the end, but is incoherent, and leaves too much ambiguity."
,Recommended,402020,18718000,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,SkyRobo1,"I really love this game and I cant say that for a lot of horror games out there. I really also love how it was connected to TSW which I play..Though I have to be honest I miss having my Anima fuelled shotgun and the ability to shot lightning bolts to strike down the scary boggeyman.All in all though the graphics were visually stunning, music was spot on it really put you in the atmosphere and the voice acting was also brilliant..I would have preferred a longer game though and maybe in the future more spinoffs in Solomon island and maybe a tie to the TSW where you happen to meet Lorraine."
76561197985410503,Recommended,402020,18716872,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,JustJohn,"I've got goosebumps, and that's someone who's been a horror fan since he was a kid saying that.  The atmosphere was spot on, and provided just enough teasing to keep pushing you on throughout, without relying on constant jump-scares.  Not once did I wish to stop playing or take a break.  I was intrigued, and I wanted to experience what was going on.  So, if you're afraid of a ""walking simulator"" and that it'd bore you, don't.If you see any complaints on story, you won't see it from me.  People these days seem to expect a novel or epic level conclusion, but for the size of the game, that'd either leave it rushed or leave too many holes.  Instead, it's as it should be, the level of conclusion you'd expect out of a short story.  That's what this game is, a short story.  Expect and take it as such.Downside?  Of course.  Replayability is limited, as there are no choices or puzzles to make.  Those who will get the most use of this game are those who are already fans of The Secret World, as it fills in more detail into a fan-favorite location.  However, that's not much of a downside, and just more of a bonus.  Though, as a longtime TSW player, I can't easily see if anything is unanswered due to all the little tie-ins that were added in the background."
,Recommended,402020,26525979,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,CozyChicken,"Normally I am not a guy who plays horror games. But I really wanted this game for a long time for some reason. The atmospher, grapchics and the gameplay is good. The game spooked me out so many times which is also good actually. Also this was the first time that I finished a horror game so I am happy about it. I am not here to spoil anything you should play and see your own.PROS+Good grapchics+Great Atmosphere+Nice map+Spooks you out for sure!CONSShort gameplay(I have finished this only in 95 mins)"
,Recommended,402020,19452852,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Ntriangle,"Fun, short game. It's not really horror, more like emotionally dark."
,Recommended,402020,25120781,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,★ yiffnasty ★,"I will preface this that I have played TSW and I know the contextual story behind Lorraine and her child - I know what has happened to her and why The Park is what it is. I won't go over it - if you really want to whine about it being 'TSW context related', then buy the MMORPG the game is based on instead of leaving a meager negative review because your♥♥♥♥♥couldn't be bothered.This said, The Park is a nice, brilliant horror/psychological game. I have seen some people saying it's a ""walking simulator"" as Gone Home is and I'm going to say to leave these people to their own convictions, mostly because they also never really bothered to actually play the game as it was meant to to, taking your pace through it and not just guzzling down as it were an absurd amount of Mountain Dew.I've paid for full price and I also have pre-ordered it prior to its release date because it gave good gadgets for the game it spun from (again, if you believe the plot had no context, that is because you've never played TSW itself), and I've found myself scared by the prospect of having to do all of this in this creepy atmosphere. It had a nice vibe, nice backstory that leaves you guessing enough - leaves you enough to understand even fi you haven't played TSW, too - and I absolutely felt terrified and powerless.I see this game getting shunned because it's not ""worth full price"", when people have gladly paid increasingly sums of money for something like FNAF - and it's really amazing. Because all I see are whiny people that haven't bothered to understand that this game is a self-insert tie-in into The Secret World itself and has events and takes places into the TSW universe. If you didn't see it coming, I don't know what to tell you."
,Recommended,402020,30477060,Posted: 12 March,all,NIИ,"A wonderfully dark game with dark psychological themes. While the game was short, and tragically, has little to no replayability. However, don't let that deter you from at least playing it for a first round. The atmosphere is excellent, there were plenty of scenarios that made my skin crawl, and while the ending may have been a bit expected, it was still a punch in the gut.8/10"
,Recommended,402020,18731777,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Bubbles ♥,im not sure if the ending that i see was final? if so I am very disturbed
,Recommended,402020,18721207,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Red Wings Rock,"Loved it!I can see why people might not like it, it was like a interactive movie, the story made me play in one sitting.  A different experiance."
,Not Recommended,402020,32840826,Posted: 26 June,all,tsirk13,"I was really excited for this game, the atmosphere looked awesome and the idea great, but the whole game is done in two hours. Nothing to go back for. I got this on sale for 7 bucks and that feels like a waste. Dont spend more then like three bucks on this two hour semispooky tour of a park with only 4 rides and a rushed ending that felt like a anticlimax."
76561198144842281,Recommended,402020,18737129,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,The Real Fallen,"This is exactly my type of game. I love these atmospheric short simulator games. The Park uses the Unreal Engine 4 so it not only looks great but runs great as well. When you first enter the park it is somewhat eerie, but peaceful and relaxing at the same time. As you get deeper into the park and further into the story it becomes more intense and eventually quite terrifying. Excessive jumpscares in games like these are not necessary to make the game scary, and this is exactly what I love about The Park. If your buying this game, however, dont expect any replay value as the story is only a little over an hour long. For $10 this game was worth it. Loved it."
76561197970568730,Recommended,402020,18955552,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Gos,"The game starts off relatively nice and easy with broad day light and a mother going to ask for a lost teddy bear. Then her son runs off into The Park and Lorraine, the mother and protagonist, run after him.This is the point where the excrements hits the fan and you are all of the sudden in an old abandoned amusement park with a life of its own, but what a spectacular amusement park it is.I was expecting the game to be creepy and keep me on edge at all times. Funcom has attempted to achieve that by using jump scares and a rich athmosphere, both visually and audibly. And the increasingly creepy story they wish to tell in this game just adds to the tension. For my part, the experience was horror and my ticker reached max rate at some points in the game.However, I found that there were moments of sheer dullness in the game and although it picked up towards the end, they did not end on a ""horror""-climax which the game built up to. Instead they had a cinematic ending which was, more or less, lit up and was not notably exciting.The story element of this game, written by a team of award winning story tellers, is very much playing on strings of the Bonkers-guitar and they want to tell the tale of a very twisted woman. I feel the story line is good, albeit perhaps somewhat thin, but as you progress you get an insight of what's going on inside Lorraine head.The game play is fairly straight forward and the game rail roads you all the way through the game.You enter the park. You get on some rides. Along the the way you are narrated by Lorraines inner voice and you find clues, such as reports and notes, providing explanations and feeding you story. And finally you reach the final ""attraction"" which tries to tie it all together.There is no ""mini games"", puzzles, etc - just a story unfolding as you progress through the game.ConclusionI think anyone who cares more about the journey, rather than the destination, and who allows him- or herself to be scared and drawn into the game will enjoy The Park.So I would recommend it for those certain individuals.Watch my video review here:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=68QLPIwJ9xwWatch my Let's Play of The Park here:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ebC5ah1HwWY&list=PLKC1mMQjT7arfJyGAIC8f0ZD-uM6LNzgP&index=1Watch a compilation of me being scared in this game here:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VemHtG7yHYY"
76561197980899634,Recommended,402020,18724424,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Cadaver,Excellent. HIghly recommended and not just to TSW players/
,Recommended,402020,18722921,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Mr. Hugh Mannity,"At a first glance, The Park looks like your classic first person horror game that happens to take place in a creepy, abandoned and decrepit amusement park. But it crescendos much more than that.You play as Lorraine, a single mother who's lost her son, Callum, after visiting the Atlantic Island amusement park.Upon exiting the park just as closing time arrives, Callum tells her that he misplaced his teddy bear and storms into the amusement park to find it. With darkness quickly approaching and her son missing and ignoring her commands, Lorraine has to enter the park to find him, while strange things slowly begin to occur in the once friendly location.The story is a bit hit and miss, starting out weak but improving near the end of the game. As you explores the park at night and rides its various innocent yet menacing rides, the plot develops through Lorraine's monologue, which reveal her history and search for answers, and documents that are strewn about the park that reveal its dark past. Funcom have made no secret of the influence from games like Gone Home and The Vanishing of Ethan Carter, and the comparisons come almost instantly as you begin walking around the troubled theme park.It's also more involved than your average title, as you can ride the rides in the park (a Ferris wheel, rollercoaster, and the like), and look around at your surroundings while doing so. Controls are at a minimum with the ability to move and interact with any items, but I have to say I liked the inclusion of a run mechanic. It makes sense in this context – you’re in freaky hellscape of a park trying to find your son, after all – but it means that moving between sections doesn’t feel like a chore. The Park also uses call mechanic with the right mouse button that not only helps guide you to your next objective, but works brilliantly in the context of the game. Hearing Lorraine call out to Callum with increasing worry and panic is expertly done, as are the responses the player gets. It was these responses along with the swirling visual markers that ensured I knew where I was supposed to be going, although it wasn’t fool proof. There were a few moments where I had to wander around before I was able to get back on the right path, but I didn’t find it too frustrating or time-consuming, thankfully. There's also a decent amount of lore-building involved, and not just because of the Lovecraftian themes that are intertwined with the Funcom-verse. I actually enjoyed reading about various incidents at the park, and how they involve the cast although I did have an issue with some of the the scattered pages and documents you can find off the beaten path, detailing some of the game’s backstory. It seems unfortunate that some of them are nearly unreadable, as the font on these are tiny and blurry. A clearer font, zoom button or a subtitle option would have been an alternative, but as the game lacks it, unless you strain your eyes to read, you’ll be missing out on some of the backstory that ties it to Funcom’s other game, The Secret World.The strongest part however is the end of the game, which is both fantastic and unfortunate, as it’s such a strong and beautifully creepy finish that is way more terrifying compared to the rest of the experience. If only the game’s setting and story would have more like the last part of the game, it would have been a much more horrifying game.Overall, The Park is a well crafted narrative-driven adventure game, but there really is no reason to return once you’ve left The Park unless you want to get those missable achievements or analyse the letters and items again to figure out more of the backstory. However, if you want something a little different this Halloween, play this with the headphones on and the lights off."
,Recommended,402020,19188212,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,•SADBOY•,Really really great game. Its short but its completely worth it. You get to enjoy an amusement park (riding rides) while you have a rusty spooky scene. I've been wanting something like this for the longest time. The story is the cherry on top. I enjoyed everything about this. The atmosphere is fantastic. I only wish it was longer. 10/10 Highly recommend.
,Not Recommended,402020,18755255,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,mrsTLB,"Like most other reviews, this game is very short. You can finish it within about an hour and a half. I will say however what I did and did not like about the game.Likes:- there was a few jump scares that took me by surprise, which was nice- there was nice visual scare stimulation and some via audio- graphics weren't the worst, but were pretty decent- voices for characters were decentDislikes:- the game was short, which leaves you feeling like something is unfinished after you're done- I felt like game could have been dragged out a lot more- the ending was sort of sudden and kind of lame- some of the notes were extreamly difficult to read, in which most I just passed over since I couldn't readOver all, it was a decent game. Would I play it again? No. Why? Because its not one of those types games you play again and again. The shortness of the game leaves something to be wanted but it might still be worth a play through. However, which ten bucks for a game isn't much, this one should not be."
,Recommended,402020,18718216,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,CrazyCanuck,"SummaryAtmospheric but short,The Parktells an exciting story in the small amount of time you’ll spend with it, while leaving you sufficiently creeped out.This is a spoiler-free reviewYou begin the game as Lorraine, a mother who has some obvious issues. Your son, Callum, tells you he can’t find Mr. Bear, so you head back into the park, and thus begins your adventure.The Parkis a first-person exploration game. You can add walking simulator on top of that, if you like. As Lorraine, you travel to several different areas of the park, all within a few minutes of each other. You’ll go on a (creepy) tunnel of love ride, a (creepy) rollercoaster and, of course, (creepy) bumper cars. Along the way, you’ll find notes, which help tell the backstory of the park, several items to examine, see things that aren’t there.Funcom wasn’t lying when they said thatThe Parkwould be a short experience. If you choose not to explore every nook and cranny, and not read all the notes, you can easily complete it in half an hour. I completed it in 45 minutes, and that was with reading every document I came across and examined everything I was able to. (Don’t let my time played fool you; the rest of the time played is letting the game idle to unlock the cards, and a quick replay to get screenshots and video for my achievement guide.)While a quick experience, it’s a good experience. They’ve done an excellent job with the creepiness factor. If you’ve been around horror games (or any horror medium, for that) long enough, you likely won’t be disturbed or otherwise “scared” of what the game has to offer. The story is entertaining, and really paints a portrait of Lorraine as, well, you’ll find out soon enough.ProsAtmosphere.The Parkis very atmospheric. The amusement park itself is dark and foreboding, rides and equipment are run down and rusty. Some of the ending sequences are very well done, and evoke a feeling of P.T. On that note, there’s also a Silent Hills-esque feeling that I had when wandering around.TSW tie-in. If you’ve played The Secret World long enough, you’ll get a few references. ConsideringThe Parkis a spin-off of TSW, that’s to be expected. There’s nothing major, but they’re fun little “oh, that’s interesting” moments.Acting. For the most part, Lorraine is voiced quite well. Most of her dialog seems natural, and doesn’t feel forced. The further into the story you progress, she sounds more and more desperate and afraid when you use the shout mechanic.Environmental graphics. The world looks nice. The rusty ferris wheel enshrouded in fog, the rollercoaster that feels like it’s going to fall apart, the statues of Chad the mascot spread throughout the park, everything looks well detailed.Few jump scares. There are a few jump scares, only a few. They are well placed, don’t seem forced, and they don’t ruin the immersion too much.ConsCharacter graphics. Lorraine, Callum and the very limited number of other people you meet do not look good. At all. They are passable, but they look like they belong in a game that hasn’t come out this decade.Shout mechanic. Right-clicking has Lorraine call out for Callum, in a variety of ways.Callum, Callum where you are? Callum, it’s time to go home now! Callum, stay where you are!As the story progresses, it’s interesting to see how her dialog and voice change, but overall, the mechanic is pretty useless. When you use it, it puts a sort of retracting blur effect on items of interest, such as notes. But, considering that the game lacks any puzzles, and everything is presented to you in plain view, it seems out of place.Very short game. I debated putting this as a con or not. Funcom specifically stated it would be a very short experience, so there should be no excuse for buying the game and being surprised at how quickly you’ll get through it. It’s a good experience in the short amount of time, but if you’re looking for something to last longer than what your coffee stays hot for, you may want to look elsewhere.ConclusionThe Parkis a fantastic experience. It’s short, but contains a great deal of story telling and immersion. It’s interesting to see what happens, and to find out what’s actually going on. It’s atmospherically horror, with only a few jump scares, and will certainly entertain you for its duration. At its low price, I consider it good value for money, but as always, your mileage may vary.Buy, Wait for Sale, Don’t Buy?Buy. Definitely a buy. If you're into non-gory and psychological horror, you won't be disappointed.If you’re looking to get all the achievements inThe Park, they can all be earned in one playthrough, and the majority of them are story related and can’t be missed. Should you need help getting the few that can be skipped, feel free tocheck out my achievement guide in Steam’s guides section."
,Recommended,402020,18717408,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,ScottishGeek Plays,I was expecting a standard horror title filled with jumpscares....I was wrong!!!I did not expect such a rich and detailed story and such a fantastic experience which has left me wanting more.....so much more!! I recommend this to all you horror fans out there that want something more that will stick with you long after the game has finished.https://youtu.be/Rd2_9J7uQzw
76561198001328072,Recommended,402020,25183677,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Raimanojaku,"Excellent game, nuff said :)Deep story, great graphics, nice level design and sound FX, well-coded, quite creepy at times and most of all: very intense athmosphere from beginning to end!Only downside is that it's rather short (~1:30h)"
76561197968063248,Recommended,402020,18719924,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,tezcaa,"Great atmospheric experience with deep and dark story, about a mother following her son in a park.Don't buy it if you expect an action FPS game, this is not what you're looking for.Pros :- Stunning gloomy atmosphere- Unexpected story- Voice acting is good- Links with The Secret World / easter eggs- Being able to call your son is a smart and interesting idea- Pretty good controller support (standard xinput implementation)Cons :- Short (from 1 to 2.5 hours)- The ending is not very clear story-wise, which might bother some players looking for a clear explanation- Some minor release day bugs"
,Recommended,402020,23925435,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Azundris,"THE GOOD- Really great atmosphere (albeit presumably of the ""love it or hate it"" kind). Enough so that despite of its problems, I still consider the price of admission money very well spent.- Short. No, I'm not listing ""short!"" under ""bad"" -- for one thing, I was dead sure I'd played for 3½, maybe 4 hours when it was only two (very tense) hours. I'd argue the length is just about right; any longer than that would likely have taken away from the experience. At two hours, you can play it in one uninterrupted sitting, which I highly recommend. The length suited the story, and I consider it a boon to have a game with limited commitment (heck, I have a stack of 100+ unplayed games, and so, in all likelihood, do you). So in the end, it's a question of comparison -- at two hours, it was cheaper than a movie ticket, and a more satisfying experience than most movies I've seen in the theater in recent years. Can you get more play-time per dollar from other games? That's pretty much a given, and if that's your concern, fair play to you, buy this on sale, or take a pass altogether and buy Fallout 3 instead.THE BADThe game went out of its way to ruin the first impression, and I was yea close to returning it within the first fifteen minutes:- Keys used for control are fixed. Yeah, in this day and age. I don't even.- When first playing, sound would cut out unless graphics quality was set to Low. This on a (admittedly 4yo) box that runs The Secret World itself on high, and that I run X-plane on. In fact, it's the only game that I haven't run on 1080p high or ultra. That's a ridiculously poor show for a ""walking simulator.""- For what it's worth, people look weird and wooden (the woodsmen, haha) in this game. Whether there being few of them means that it really doesn't matter so much, or whether it means that they should've gotten at least those few right, I'll leave for you to decide.- In ""Extras"", they say some things that seem rather spoilery at the time.THE REST- If you look around a bit after playing the game, you'll see people discussing the ending, to the tune of, ""10 posters, 20 opinions."" Sorry, but if you're a storyteller, and after you're done, your audience isn't sure what story was told, you're not doing your job. Or at least, you're not doing it very well.(And I'm saying that as someone whose favorite movie is Primer -- but while Primer makes you work for it, I feel you get a fairer shot at figuring things out.)Moreover, people are likely to have very different takes on what happened depending on whether they've played The Secret World (whose universe The Park is set in). Whether the layers added by knowing The Secret World are neat in the same way it can be amusing to have jokes and references for the parents in a children's movie that will go over the latters' respective heads, or whether it's a dirty trick requiring you to buy The Secret World (a pretty good game in my opinion, but perhaps not your cup of tea, or more than you bargained for in terms of commitment) to fully understand The Park, I'll leave to your discretion.Finally, this connection to the Secret World is exacerbated by the latter not only providing further context and lore about the setting (the Secret World universe in general, and the Park in particular). The Secret World also offers a ""20 years later"" type wrap-up mission which apparently is a SEASONAL mission, so if you play The Park any time other than Halloween, enjoy the wait for the wrap-up (or, you know, watch it on Youtube).Much as I love The Park, and love The Secret World, I can't help but feeling that The Park would have been stronger standing alone. Conversely, as a TSW player it's hard not to think, ""Wow, this is the atmosphere that TSW aims for, but often fails to create."" (And TSW already does better than many; it's hard to get this right, and it's inherently unfair to compare spookiness of a game that you play alone, with a defenseless character, looking for the next item to examine, and examine again, versus one where a lot of your vocabulary for interacting with the world is violence, and you know the game gives you a fair chance at killing your problems. It's true that TSW pulls no punches when it comes to its riddles (Don't sight read sheet music? Don't have a baseline grasp of latin? Or morse code? Or Ivrit? Tough luck, this riddle is not for you, then!), but it's harder to ever fully engage with the atmosphere when you always have to be ready to fight at the drop of a head (and in a somewhat formulaic way at that).)"
76561198030668819,Recommended,402020,23881445,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,mdfashionco.com FRESH SWAG,"A spooky time for all!However The Park isnt flawlessly crafted, you can sometimes see through the cracks of the world which causes one to be taken out of the immersion.That being said there is some spooky dook to be had here, if you dont mind walking about for 2 hours and very slow sequences."
,Recommended,402020,18725635,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Flahme,"This is a great short horror story experience.  Great story, characters and atmosphere with some suitable dark undertones and a few jump scares without being ridiculous.  There were moments where I felt quite uncomfortable and not just scared as it takes you to interesting places psychologically.  From the creators of The Secret World (TSW), which you don't have to play to enjoy The Park, however if you do you play TSW you will get just that bit more out of it.  TSW has always had the ability to put me on edge so I knew the suspense and atmosphere would get me jittery, and it delivered on that.Great job Funcom, I hope to see many more like this!"
76561198258323393,Recommended,402020,31589503,Posted: 6 May,all,TheBigToe13,I'm obsessed with this game. Take your time and really get lost in this world. This is an awesome story and I recommend this game to anyone who will listen.
,Recommended,402020,18722209,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,CyberDragonEX,I did a blind playthrough of this game on my Twitch channel and deffinately had a good time. It may be a bit on the short side but the substance was more thna able to mak up for it.http://www.twitch.tv/cyberdragonex
,Not Recommended,402020,29616993,Posted: 31 January,all,Voci,"As much as I wanted to like this game, it wasn't enough. The gameplay was very short, too short even. Not worth its price tag."
,Recommended,402020,25722011,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Disgusted Barnacle,It's worth the play for sure. I enjoyed the suspense and the mysterious notes just randomly laying around everywhere. I very well enjoyed the story and the narration. There's only a few jumpscare moments that got me pretty good if someone's specifically looking for that. It does well in a few parts. Especially if you're a fan of crying... Nevermind. I won't spoil any small features but it's definitely worth playing if someone wants a decently good story. I will spoil only 1 thing though and that happens to be how short the game is. I beat it in one sitting. I wanna estimate maybe like a good hour or so.
76561198156371437,Not Recommended,402020,28624204,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,CooleoKatie,"This game is overly priced for what it was. It's extremely short, and it wasn't even scary. The atmosphere was there, it just didn't pull through. Any spooks were from jumpscares, which is the cop out of horror games. I'm glad I got this on sale, because I feel bad for anyone that paid full price. I wasn't pleased with any of the voice actors. The animated cut scenes were sparatic and unnecessary. I liked the general idea, and I hope the creators keep making games."
76561198153819335,Not Recommended,402020,23314715,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,DuckSalad,"Not a bad game at all. It's just incredibly short. Theres a little over an hour of playtime and after playing it once it isnt really worth playing again since its all exactly the same as before. Not to mention the game is set on one dedicated path that you pretty much must follow in order to reach the end of the game. The second half of the game felt very rushed as well. Not worth the $12.99 price tag. You should never be able to beat a game, get all the achievements and still be able to get a refund on steam (which has a 2 hour or less playtime policy)."
,Recommended,402020,18722332,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Yung Neff,"tl;dr - Buy if you like TSW, otherwise probably wait for sale cause it's hella short. Still worth though.Be aware, there is not a lot of game to this, you're just along for the ride. I finished this in under 80 minutes without rushing. If you're not comfortable spending full price for that then wait for a sale. Despite the length I would still recommend it, especially if you're a fan of The Secret World.The visuals and lighting, and the superb sound combine to make an intense atmosphere. There are a couple jump scares. The story is short and twisted. I feel like a lot of details and contextual information will be lost on people who haven't played The Secret World and know its lore, but I still think it would be intriguing to newcomers.I might replay again for the story sometime, but other than that it's simple enough to see it all in one playthrough."
,Not Recommended,402020,18864676,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,- -,"Had a lot of potential to it. Seriously, this could have been way better. Nonetheless, the ending was interesting. Don't forget to vote for any upcoming elections!"
,Recommended,402020,18731298,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Novinka,"This game is really good.Don't look on price or time to beat the game...enjoy it.I really like the atmosphere, from a normal amusement park you end up in a freaky Silent Hill kind of park. I really enjoyed the rides and jump scares, and the story is interesting and surprising.The game don't have any technical problems with achievements so thank you for this, I have finished it on perfect.I'm glad that I played in it, I hope that others will like it, too."
76561198066303576,Recommended,402020,18806954,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,OMGItsDustin,"First thing that caught my eye was the details and graphics in the screenshots! I really like the story, and the environment of the game. It was dark, and creepy. I got jump scared a few times because of what you ""see"" in this game. I recommend this game if it's on sale! it is really only an hour or two at most! and it's easy 100% achievement. Couple missable ones. Just look online to find them!"
76561198116697370,Recommended,402020,18722430,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,gamingforfun,"I had high expectations for The Park and I was not disappointed. I haven't been frightened or unnerved in quite a while but this game had an effect on me. The Park has a genuinely creepy vibe and manages to maintain its atmosphere for the duration of the game. Be warned, however, that the subject matter is very disturbing especially as the pieces of the story come together and the player realizes what has actually happened.My first play through was over 2 hours long and I did not meet all of the Steam achievements, so I will definitely play again at least a few more times. The story is good enough that you will be compelled to play in the future, so there is good value to be had in the $10 - $13 price tag. The Secret World bonuses included with The Park make this purchase especially worthwhile for those with characters in the MMO or who are willing to try it out."
,Recommended,402020,18743918,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,kovenmoonshadow,"A wonderfully dark game with dark psychological themes. While the game was short, and tragically, has little to no replayability. However, don't let that deter you from at least playing it for a first round. The atmosphere is excellent, there were plenty of scenarios that made my skin crawl, and while the ending may have been a bit expected, it was still a punch in the gut.All in all, a game worth playing."
76561198075114256,Recommended,402020,18727087,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,S!cko,"First of all: I was so excited about this game when I saw the first screenshots of it, I never had so much needs! I hoped for an intense horror game, but the dissapointment came way too soon...The positive stuff:- graphics and atmosphere: Such nice atmosphere which enthralls you within a few minutes of playing- the idea and the story- the rides - interesting stuff happens if you ride a attraction- well.. that was it....Now the points I really missed in this game and which could've been done way better, because the potential is huge!- Way too short (I played for an hour) - as above said, there are so many points you could easily put in the game, but it seems the makers went a bit lazy (No offense)- too less attractions, I thought this place would be huge like the biggest amusement parks in the world, but it only has 4 rides and the horror house - which you can not really call a 'horror' house...- no scary moments: I hoped for the Chipmunk to hunt you along the park or other creepy things, but sadly - I had ONE jumpscare, that was all.. very meager...- too less interacting for my opinion... I wished for more extras, like... more interactive huts to inspect, with jumpscares when you look through the window of them, or the mirrors in the horror house, I expected someone to stand behind me. Or the part on the rollercoaster, with the hospital scenes. They were pretty awesome, but still you could've confused the players by doing a stop and let them creep around the hospital for getting more informations about the story and what happened there or something like that! There are so much ideas you could use...Final words: I am disspointed. Like I said, there's so damn much not used potential, it's really upsetting... For me there's nothing scary in it, I wouldn't call it a horror game at all. But I like it anyways, just because of the amazing graphics, the location and the very nicely done atmosphere!"
,Recommended,402020,23637779,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Big Smoke,"Only about an hour and a half to two hours long, but what it lacks in length, it makes up for in quality.The writing's good, the level design nice (near the end, in the apartment, the objects and structure gets really nicely detailed), and, as a final flourish, you can see your feet!Is it worth $13? In terms of length, no; in terms of quality and polish, yeah.Another thing worth mentioning is that the voice actress did a spot-on job of portraying a young mother struggling as a single parent, which is difficult to portray in the correct manner.My advice? Wait for a sale, even if it's just 15% off or so, then you'll get something you will really enjoy."
76561198016194207,Recommended,402020,18727098,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Rykoth,"This game is not meant for twitch players, nor is it meant for CoD players. It's not meant for self gratifying ""give me things"" players that expect to have everything handed to them. If you're one of those players, you may as well go away and stop reading.If however you enjoy story....If you enjoy a subtle horror....If you are interested in a fantastic universe....... play this game.And after you play this game, go buy the Secret World, one of the most underrated yet best MMORPGs out there, because the Park may as well be a prequel to that game!"
76561197998260561,Recommended,402020,18721122,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Ferronic,"Excellent atmosphere. Creepy but without an excess of gore. Gameplay was short compared to other titles, but I knew that going in (1-2 hours). For this story, the length seemed ideal. There wasn't too much drag in the narrative and most of the time your objective was clear.8/10"
,Recommended,402020,25372126,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Daddy,"The story was great, but the gameplay is short though..."
,Recommended,402020,18970791,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Loyaltyfree,"This was a chilling walking sim with some good jumps and excellent all-round atmosphere.It went a little ""Silent Hill PT"" at the end which dampened my enthusiasm, but all in all an enjoyable game."
,Recommended,402020,19301913,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Necromanis,"I loved this game. Although the game-play was fairly straightforward, and somewhat simple, I really enjoyed the atmosphere and dark feel to it. The twisting and turning of the plot was fun too."
,Recommended,402020,25044720,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Faithy,"This game is super creepy, with several good jump scares. I recommend it if you like this kind of thing, which (in the right situation) I do, myself. This game reminds me of an old Sega Saturn game that I used to love as a kid, called D. You don't really have a lot of control other than what direction you want to go and where you can turn your head to look around. There's not much actual interaction as it is much more of an ""experience"" than a game, kind of like a movie. But there are a few sort of ""puzzle"" elements here and there. This game could be better if it had been made with a bit more interaction, but I still enjoyed it thoroughly. As a lot of people are saying, there really isn't much replay value since you will already know what is going to happen the second time around. I still found it entertaining and do not regret the purchase."
,Recommended,402020,18719620,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Stormcrow,"Very Nice game despite the fact that it's pretty short. It made me jumpscare a couple of times as I was playing in the dark and with headphones on as suggested at the begining. Very nice story, 7/10 (Cuz wish it wouldve been longer)"
,Recommended,402020,18720408,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,***GeneralMitch***/rE/,"Thrilling story, very spooky 10/10"
76561198000712606,Recommended,402020,18720623,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Snarky McSne,"The Park is a horrifying atmospheric adventure game in the same vain of The Vanishing of Ethan Carter and Gone Home.  But I already knew that. What surprised me was the last act of the game when it turned into PT.  I was very pleasantly surprised and probably the most creeped out by that turn of events.I recommend picking up everything you can find.  Notes, photos, articles, the like as that is where the background to the strange going ons of the park is found.  Especially in the last part, a few times, trust me.It stands on its own but if you have played The Secret World you will notice people, places, and events referenced from there like familar old ghostly friends. I'm one of those who had so it made it fun to get mentions to certain motels and diners that feature in TSW. However if you are going in blind it shouldn't be to spoilerific if you want to play TSW after and there is enough background that you will get the jist of the park even if you don't.This is one of those games that it helps to put yourself into the shoes of the character. Hearing her heartfelt pleas especially when she is scared is tragic.  Hearing her ""other side"" or the less sweet motherly side is down right disturbing.  I also liked the themes and dark undertones to the game.  And if you just happen to want to ride the rides of a scary amusement park than this is definetly up your alley.It took me about as long as I thought it would but I HATE missing things so gameplay of the individual will very.  Mine was about 3 hours but if your running through and missing alot it could easily be less than 1 or 2 hours. Or a quicker reader than I am.As to FPS my computer isn't the best so off with the antialiasing and V-snce and a lower setting of screen settings and the lag I get was ignorable at worse and forgettable at best. But that's just my computer and BAD graphics card.Moral of the review: A good game to play when it's dark outside, MUHAHAHAHA."
,Recommended,402020,18720756,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Rheactor,Creepy atmosphere and overall story. Worth a playthrough!
,Recommended,402020,18720045,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Supercoven,"This will be my first review, so I hope it isn't recieved too poorly.I do reccomend this game but I do have some problems with it.Maybe I've seen too many horror movies, but the ending wasn't too surprising. I sort of guessed it before I even purchased the game, but I wanted to go along for the *ride*. My only other problem with the game would be the price tag. I thought it was cool that it played like a movie and was the price of a movie in theaters, but in the end - I think $5 would suit it better.What I will say about this game though is I haven't played a more unsettling game in a long time. This really goes above and beyond making you cringe as your suspicions of what's going on really cement themselves. This is an insanely eerie game with a very unsettling story that I wont soon forget. Also, the environments and overall design of the game are beautiful, frightening, and captivating."
76561198043386165,Recommended,402020,18720270,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,greymarch2000,"The Park is a spooky ""walking simulator"" style game that emphasises mood and lore over gameplay and longevity. Originally started as a Funcom tech demo, it's important to know going into it that it's only maybe 90min or so long and is essestially you just going through scripted motions.That said, Funcom is always good at layering the mood on nicely and while I found the first half of the story to be slow and a bit ""by the numbers"" it picks up nicely in the second half. The first half also presented me with a few stuttering frame-rates at points as well, but this too disappeared after the half-way point.I am a player of The Secret World for full disclosure so I may have gone into this with a bit more foreknowledge on The Park, and recognized some things in-game that people that don't play the MMO will not know, but I don't think you need to be at all familiar with TSW lore to enjoy it. Though the ending will make a bit less sense...I'd give it a 7.5/10. Worth the $10. Probably a fun one to stream."
,Recommended,402020,25189640,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Sheniab,I reallu enjoyed this game. The plot was intriguing and I was chilled by the Park ambiance. I also really enjoyed the constan the mystery. The narrative was really great and the voice acting I really enjoyed. I wish it was longer but besides that it was really well done.
,Recommended,402020,18958346,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,nov·ice,"If this game is more interactive, then I will give a perfect score. I can imagine how good it is, if it has a some sort of multiple endings. But the game is ok. The atmosphere, voice acting and story line made this game better. Recommended to buy during sale. It is still worth it!"
76561198323463669,Not Recommended,402020,32461538,Posted: 15 June,all,MASTODON,It was ok kind of a dissapointment because it was very short and really wasnt that scary. Deffinately not worth 12 bucks.
,Recommended,402020,33505252,Posted: 13 July,all,boothanew,I enjoyed the time I spent with this game but it's super short and will be beaten in two hours or less.I'd recommend only buying this when it's on sale simply for the sake of how short it is.
76561197968496747,Recommended,402020,18729271,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Sharpy,"This is a dark ride.Literally and figuratively (besides, get it, dark ride? it's a theme park?)The park, despite its admittedly short length, is one of the more atmospheric games I've seen in a while. If you like the atmosphere in The Secret World you will find that in spades here, the same commitment to art design and writing is abundently clear.Having said this, some may find the fact it is entirely narrative focused to be a shortcoming. So fair ""warning"" so you know what you'll be in for."
,Recommended,402020,18722197,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,sevrl bats,"in July 2012, FunCom released an MMO called The Secret World. set in the modern day with an occult/conspiracy/horror theme, it'd turn out to be the best-written MMO and one of the best-written and best-acted games of all time. with a strong setting and stronger characters, TSW was primed for popularity among an unfortunately small subset of MMO players: those who wanted to really care about the setting they were in.one of the areas you'd encounter within a few hours of your picking up the game was the park. it was one of the earliest serious puzzle areas of the game, but beyond that, it was a terrifying environment, both in terms of how it looked and the threats that roamed around it. the Park in TSW was one of the great pieces of level design of all time--comparable to and maybe better than the haunted house in Bloodlines.enter The Park. The Park is set in TSW's Park, redesigned for a first-person narrative game. there are no challenges in The Park: it's a walkthrough game, just a story being told. it does, however, start with one of the best mechanics I've ever seen in a horror game: right at the outset, you get the ability to shout to find your next objective. giving the player the option to scream and give away their position in a horror game is one of the best ideas I've ever seen. control your own nightmare; make yourserlf feel exposed.The Park itself (stop reading now if you don't want any inkling of the story) is about a normal person (not a TSW-style chosen of Gaia...at first) wandering the haunted park in search of her son. the plot unfolds through one-page journal entries you find and monologues from the main character. early on in the 90-120 minute experience, it comes clear that the story is really about being a mother, being a single parent, and the stresses and resentments that develop therewith. I won't explicitly spoil how it all works out, but for the TSW fans out there, know that the last scene is a wonderful TSW cameo.in the end, The Park works. to someone unfamiliar with TSW, it might feel like an Amnesia-esque horror game, minus any threats; to someone who does know TSW, the hooks to Kingsmouth and the TSW setting in general will probably be the most interesting bits. it's short, it's cheap, and it'll either intrigue you about an MMO you should try or excite you about an MMO you have tried. what's to lose?"
76561198038341873,Recommended,402020,18732415,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Pls no kill snek,"One of the few games that has legitimately scared me. It may be short, but there definitely weren't any dull moments. Worth $10 in my eyes.Also, represents Atlantic Park from The Secret World pretty well."
76561198068072175,Recommended,402020,18732192,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,[ToC] Brother Goriel,"I dont write reviews but after playing this i just have the urge to say wow. Loved it from start to finish, didnt know what to expect as i had never played a walking simulater but the link to TSW was enough to pull me in. 5 stars and i would advise anyone looking for a good story and atmosphere to jump on board and buy it."
,Recommended,402020,18722018,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Calebrated Gamer,"A shorter horror game (about 90 minutes) about an old haunted, abandoned amusement park, and the terrors that await within... How much of what you see is really there? Is it all in front of you, or just the workings of a guilty conscience of a young single mother slipping into madness? At the low price this game is offered, it's a steal to find out for yourself! It isn't the scariest of games, but the creepy atmosphere is nice, and the story really brings it all together!And be sure to check out my series on it if you get stuck, or want a funny outlook on this awesome game:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fVF5rQk4F1k&list=PL7Dj4-i15ObbnSAHyINoFTNqQj3Mc4bOS"
,Not Recommended,402020,18718073,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Helping Hoof,"An entirely linear ""interactive"" story by Funcom which has some mild scare bits, a story that leaves you with a bad aftertaste in your mouth, and a whole lot of issues in terms of gameplay.- The XBox Controller's B button won't allow you to ""back"" out of menus. Nor does the ""back"" button.- The ""headthrobbing"" quickly gets on one's nerves.- The player character narrates the story from time to time - turning off running while she talks. This is really obnoxious since the game is essentially a walking simulator. You advance the story by going from one park ride to another and there's a lot of ground to cover in between them.- Talking about running; you can't run until you get to the point where the game tells you what key to use to run. Forget trying it before that point as that particular key is not ""active"" until that point.- Interaction hovertext is glitchy and may appear in random positions and half out of the screen while you pass by an item, or appear in the center of the screen when you're nowhere near the item.- Especially in the rollercoaster part of the level there are some longer texts which only flash by and are impossible to read as a result. Even when playing the game twice.- The game is so linear it could have been ""on rails"" if not for the part where you're searching for badly hidden interactive objects along the road. They even go so far as to put you in the middle of a round area, and then put the bogeyman on the road so you can only go around it in one direction.- On lower resolutions, the scraps of paper you find are impossible to read. On a laptop with a resolution of 1366x768 I could not read the letters on the papers I found even with my nose pressed against the screen! Really a big oversight.- Areas shut off from being revisited once you exit them, the game literally demanding the player to push forward to the next area, up until you've found everything you need for the story to progress to the House of Horrors, when all of the park is suddenly open and accessible for no apparent reason.- The in-game lore is a little ""out there"" for people who have not played The Secret World and understand the players at work there. There's barely any information for people to piece that story together properly, except for a lot of mentioning of places found on Solomon Island, something the player would have no attachment to one way or another if they have not played The Secret World.- Apparently the spoken ""Don't let them take me"" is supposed to be ""Don't take me"" according to the subtitles.- I guessed at ""the big reveal"" about ten minutes into the game and only had it confirmed in the last FMV of the game.- Did I mention the game is really short? We're talking less than 2 hours playtime here.I'm happy to obtain the special items for my TSW account, so I at least have something for my troubles, but there's no replay value here besides trying to complete the achievement list if you missed anything on your first go.I really wish Funcom had put some more effort into making the game more engaging. This could have been so much better, considering the park's background story. Instead they put the focus on something entirely unrelated and used the park as a backdrop. Such a shame.Lastly, just so I'm not a complete negative Nancy; there were a few good things about the game;+ The atmosphere is great. It's what was to be expected; dark places, wind howling, the occasional sound that makes you wonder if you really heard it.+ The chipmunk is sufficiently creepy and pops up in places you least expect him to be in. He's not overused, but the amount of his appearances are just right for the length of the game.+ The rides are decently thought out even if it's clear they're separate instances. It's not as seamless as I would have liked, but it's barely a bother considering the limited amount of games which have good carnival rides in them.+ The role of the bogeyman when it concerns the rides was a nice touch.+ The house of horrors had just the right amount of creep to it, although I had expected some more events when interacting with things like the faucet or some of the doors.+ For players of The Secret World, there was a nice amount of additional lore to gather.Still; I do not recommend this game in this state. This was not the right place to have a story about post-natal depression. It would have been better served following the trail of death from the park's opening to its inevitable closing, and go in deeper on the cause for the supernatural events that took place there."
,Recommended,402020,18721345,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Vengerin,"I liked the game.The graphics are decent, the narration is inmersive and really mess a little with your mind. It's short, sure, but I didn't felt my time was wasted.Also maybe isn't a game for someone that doesn't play The Secret World. I mean, the park was always my favorite jumpscare part of the Secret World and the story behind it and the Boogieman is really good. Also in this seasonal for Halloween you are able to see what happen with the protagonist after this game and it was really cool.But again maybe not for someone that doesn't play the mmorpg 'cause they won't be on touch with the premise and the world of the game."
,Recommended,402020,18721934,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Schmitz,"This game to me wasn't that scary. I did jump a few times but that is about it. I think I spent most of my time saying ""WTF"" at certain parts of the game. There was also random things that made me laugh to myself and be like ""What lol?"". The game is about 2 hours long if you take the time to read things and dont skip stuff which I did. The ending is confusing to me but made me think which I liked.All and all I enjoyed the game and the story even though it left me a bit confused but its a game that will keep you wanting to know more.It is a hit or miss for some people but I did enjoy it."
,Recommended,402020,18725157,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,dragonofpog,"The Park is a great interactive movie kinda game.  It is short (about 90 minutes play time) but delivers a great horror experiance. If you like horror, you should give it a shot!"
,Recommended,402020,18728387,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,MarkItZero,"While short (my playthrough clocked in at 1.8 hours), this is a wonderfully terrifying and emotional narrative that does a lot in the way of worldbuilding in Funcom's MMO, The Secret World."
,Recommended,402020,18721187,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,[H.Y.Y] Tabbycat627,"This was a fantastic game. As a lover of horror, testing out new games to see what can scare the bajeezus out of me, The Park delivered a fresh story and scare for me.It is a short play, less than two hours, which is perfect because I love having people hop on my computer and watch their reactions as they play a scary game. This one has the perfect amount of ""jumpscares"" and a great story.I wish it was longer so that there was a little more conclusion to the story. If they were to add DLC I would buy in a heartbeat.A+++++."
,Recommended,402020,18722218,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,tehgargoth,"This is a very short game, I honestly don't think it's worth $10 but the atmosphere was well made and I had fun.  If you have $10 to blow go for it, don't expect anything but an interactive movie on rails."
,Recommended,402020,18734017,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Alhazred,"As someone who violently despises walking simulators, I'd have never have given this game a second glance if it wasn't tied into another game I like. I think it's still fair to say it's a step up from the likes of Dear Esther or Gone Home. The narrative is reletively cohesive instead of a disjointed mess of pretentious nonsense and there are even a few things in the environment to interact with. The game is actually horror instead of putting on a facade of horror so the revelation about how SUPER INCLUSIVE AND PROGRESSIVE the developers are can be called a plot twist.That being said, ""a step up"" still leaves much to be desired in this 'genre.' The regular price would've been a stretch even for me as someone who is sold by the tie-in, and you'd be best served by a 50% sale if length to cost ratio is particularly important to you."
76561198001383269,Recommended,402020,18730403,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,thefloorgod,"Highly recommended for fans of Gone Home, Dear Esther, and especially The Vanishing of Ethan Carter.  It's a short journey, but there's some amazing atmosphere here, great graphics and truly flawless sound design.  The tension builds over the whole playthrough with some jump scares peppered throughout that really pay off.  All in all, worth the $10 tag."
76561198000986265,Recommended,402020,18721417,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Raesene,"I played this late at night in the dark with headphones as suggested and it is a pretty dark and spooky game.It's a little slow at the start, especially with the first park ride, but this improves after you get further in. There are some jump scares along the way, but once you become invested in the story I found the anticipation of what was at the end of the journay was what was driving the dark themes of this game.The game is set in Atlantic Island Park, a location from The Secret World. You do not need to have played that game to understand this one, but there are a huge number of references to characters, locations, and events from TSW so someone who has played the MMO will have a different experience from someone who hasn't. Also, there is a companion mission to The Park now live in The Secret World and playing The Park and then The Seven Silences mission enhances the story significantly.The graphics are much improved over The Secret World as The Park uses a different game engine and the game performance was strong. There were some very slight hitches in the gameplay, probably caused by background loading that were noticible. This happened about 4-5 times to me.The sound was great, spooky as expected. The creepy voice on the loudspeakers is a nice touch. You think he is saying something important but no matter how hard you listed you can't quite make out the words.Gameplay was basic as this is pretty much a by the rails game where you follow one path. Left button actives stuff, right button calls out to Callum and also highlights objects you can interact with. Shift sprints. That's about it for controls, very basic but fitting to the game.It's a short game, under 2 hours for me and that's exploring everything. One hint is to read everything you find AND if you revist a location or your perspective of that location changes then read everything again as the stuff you've just read may have changed.I would recommend this game to all TSW players, and you should probably play this before you play Halloween mission in TSW to understand the full story. If you haven't played TSW you can still play this with no issues but you won't understand some of the easter eggs.Rating.7/10 if you haven't played TSW9/10 if you play TSW AND do The Seven Silences mission over Halloween."
76561197969338736,Recommended,402020,18730670,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Narvask,"Good little horror story, well worth playing if you like such things."
76561198060837767,Recommended,402020,18720967,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Mejiro,"For the 10 dollars, its worth it.  The game itself is pretty short and as you would expect, it has a number of jump at you suprises.  The start did not do much for me as much of it started slow, but by the end it was pretty enthralling.  Overall the game only took me about 2 hours and its very linear, but the story telling and voice acting were very nice.My only gripe, and this is just me as a person, is I could not change the fate of what was going to enevitably happen."
,Recommended,402020,18730030,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Massive,"Although i fully reccomend the game to anyone, i would suggest playing through ""The Secret World"" prior to playing this through, it makes it 100% better. The park in which you ""lose"" your son within the game is featured within the game and this Theme Park has a lot of ""history"", without the knowledge of the theme park i don't believe you experience the game at it's peak. For me i would've appriciated if Funcom stated this on the game as i can see from other point of view that the story is lacking, which is the case due to not playing The Secret World.Don't expect a ton jump scares when playing this game, you won't get them.Don't assume what's happening and what you're actually doing within the game is what it seems, too many reviews state that everything is straight forward, it's not. For a little assistance with this, one of the first lines in the game is as follows ""I believe your son just ran into the park, let me unlock the gate for you so that you can go in"" I'll leave you to ponder what the issue with that is and it's the beginning of the uncertainty."
,Recommended,402020,18727509,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Gfox,The Park is a good atmospheric game with a few jump scares. It has a nice narrative and interesting ideas. Being able to ride on all the rides was a nice touch and made sense to hoe the story was progressing. My only gripe is that for the price I expected the game to last me longer than 1 hour 15 minutes.
76561198102537924,Recommended,402020,18729846,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,lil_nooblet,About 1 or 2 hours long. Definitely worth the $10.
,Recommended,402020,18818634,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Rooty Rootz,"It's a quick, cool experience. Graphics are great, its pretty atmospheric while you're in it, and the story is complex and emotional. You'll want to read up on all the little details afterwards. The protagonist, Lorraine, was the highlight of the game for me due to the sympathetic backstory, questionable moral values and excellent voice actress. I would say that it's a bit expensive for like a 90 minute game, though, and it's not an outright terrifying experience. It's more just a nice mood-trip."
76561197979710797,Recommended,402020,18723309,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,:hh: Salocin,She spooc me.
,Recommended,402020,18730985,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,nagi,"If you liked Dear Esther, or you want another does of The Secret World lore, this game is for you. It is a 90 minute pack of familiar scenery for TSW fans, filled with environmental clues and a monologing mother in search of her kid. It does have some jumpscares as well, and a few names familiar from TSW.Still, at 90-120 minutes, it is a bit too expensive and not as wonderful as Dear Esther was on release."
,Recommended,402020,18721292,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Draynar,"Enjoyed this alot, had me jump a few times!"
,Recommended,402020,18727625,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,NovaKnight21,"If you're a fan of Funcom and the TSW universe, this game is great. If not, wait for a sale to pick it up. The game is about an hour and a half long, and most of it is walking around the abandoned park, but it is an enjoyable experience for the most part."
76561198240649526,Not Recommended,402020,29324121,Posted: 17 January,all,brjacobso,"Not worth it for the current price of 12.99 USD.It's well made and has a lot of potential if they made the game bigger, longer.  But it was over quick and I got all 14 achievements pretty quick.  I did get a lot of goosebumps in the last part of the game.  But overall, it was disappointing for the length of game that it is."
,Recommended,402020,18723391,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Rise!,Worth every penny!This game will really leave you feeling shaken up!This is the kind of psychological horror I've always been looking for. I just wish there was more!
76561198014370185,Recommended,402020,18732015,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Barbarian,"I liked this game and it is thrilling to experience how developers still manage to make good stories. We see the history through the protagonists eyes. Lorraine lost her son a the amusement park and starts searching after him. In the coming sequences we see odd things, experience paranormal things and the context is puzzling. The last scene is surely the climax of the whole story, Lorraines story.As I see it she was not only depressed but seems to have a traumatic story. Just think, early attachment problems, a mother who rejects her and accusing her for having abandoned her by running away with the father. Then father is gone and her relatives dont want to share the insurance amount with her. There she stands alone before she meets a man and happiness is back in her life. But not for so long. The man dies and she becomes a single mother with a low-paId job. She also had post-partum depression for which she also was hospitalized and medicated for. I interpret the park as the conscious level and the grottos and the stairs in the last part as the sub-consciuos levels. As she walk through the rooms several times she relives the trauma again and again. Slowly the repressed memories comes to a consciuos level but she actively tries to repress them. The final scene where she stabs her son seems to me to be a try to get rid of the alien part of the self. I think that her son is in custody and that Lorraine seems to be psychotic.Overall I liked the game as mentioned earlier. There are some cons though. Gameplay is a little bad mechanised and there should have been icons popping up when reading a note and alike. Walking is too slow and I finished the game by running. The game is a little too short and could have been longer.I recommend this game for those who fancy psycology and ambient soundtrack."
76561197999604891,Recommended,402020,18726185,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,solendale,"While the game is short and can be completed in less than 2 hours, the story is interesting and the world is very immersive, eerie, and haunting. It's a first person experience game much like Dear Esther and Gone Home or even the Stanley Parable. The game uses a lot of flavor text that the player can find that adds to the background story of the park. This adds to the horror elements which are well done with plenty of scares throughout.That being said the level of interactivity you have with the world is fairly limited although calling out to your son makes for an interesting mechanic. Admittedly, I myself didn't use this mechanic for about the last half of the game as frequently as I did at first. The length was only a con in my opinion due to it leaving me wanting more and curious about The Secret World.I recommend this title to anyone who enjoys an immersive, eerie, paranormal story with a good number of scares."
76561198055763583,Recommended,402020,18722892,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,joveismad,"Powerful Blair-Witch-y storyline, creepy theme park.  Something about going on rides while your kid is missing (part of trying to find the tyke) works beautifully to turn the character's guilt into strong horror narrative.  So do her intensifying internal monologues as the park tests/dismantles her.  Film-length game with detail justifying replay or three, very well worth the price of admission.   Play it, and then obviously go off and play The Secret World MMORPG."
,Recommended,402020,18722912,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Fraggle,"Narative.Very important to remeber what that means. If your expecting a ""game"" youll be disapointed.This is more of an interactive book.There are some fantastic effects and a few sections that will make you jump out of your skin.  As well as a plot twist.  If you think the outcome it obvious, you missed a few clues and the oppertunity to have an alternate ending.Honestly, (on my first run through) during the decent towards the end, I expected a very grim outcome, but it was not to be what I expected.  Although, I was forgetting the whole Solomon Island thing.....For $10 this is great.  A fun bit of escapism for 2 hours."
,Recommended,402020,18731499,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Minnesota Menace,"Let be break this down for you as simple as possible.What FunCom has done here is create something that many TSW players were looking for in game when visiting the amusement park while questing.  They had created this visually fantastic area filled with mystery and intrigue.  All I could think about when running that series of quests is that I wanted a better, more in depth look at the park, and this game delivers the content I was looking for.If you have not played through the story in The Secret World, much of this game will seem linear and boring.  It expands on what we learn and gives us another taste of the darkness that stood out in my first playthrough.  As TSW is broken up into sections and areas, you have to leave that section to further advance your character.  Having a short reprise, for me at least, was a nice throwback.  If they make more games like this, based on the other sections of the game, I will probably buy them as well.I honestly think this is a good start in a new direction for FunCom, and that more of these games, with larger and further developed storylines will be worth the playtime.I feel like they made this game for me.  Thank you FunCom."
76561198044337564,Recommended,402020,18720469,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Progmagnan,"Note: This review is after my first play through of the gameI originally saw trailers for The Park months before it came out and once it became available to pre-order on Steam, I bought it; there was the advantage that it was also on sale but this was my first ever pre-order on Steam and I am happy to say, I was not in any way disappointed.To be clear, the game tells you it is a narrative driven game, much like games from Tell Tale or the game Gone Home, this means actions are limited in place of following/taking part in the story. So to those who expect anything else, you only have yourself to blame.I really enjoyed this game, the atmosphere is immersive as it blends a perfect mix of visuals and audio to keep you tense and constantly pressing the right mouse button. The game itself is short but that is not neccessarily a terrible thing, games do not need to be long they only need to be entertaining and padding them out with repetitive game play often only takes away from the experience.If you are new to horror, this may not be a bad choice, the game is very easy to get into and easier to get lost in.Edit: I am seeing a lot of reviews complaining about the game being a narrative driven game. I am not sure why because the game, the trailer, the developers all said it is a narrative driven game. People had the same complaints about Gone Home and the Vanishing of Ethan Carter but you never hear people complain about about any other game like this ""It didn't say it was twin-stick shooter"" or ""it didn't say it was a third person shooter"", so why should a game have to apologize for what it is?If you don't like narrative driven games, don't buy them."
,Recommended,402020,18721675,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,KlawSin,"The Park is a quick narrative from the universe of The Secret World.In The Secret World my favorite place was Soloman Island and the Amusement Park so I instantly wanted to pick this game up.Keep in mind this isn't much of a ""game"" its more of an experience. You walk through the park and pick up pieces of the story and get inside the mind of the main character.I really enjoyed The Park myself, and although it wasn't that scary, there are parts that do make you feel a little uneasy and on the edge. Good work FunCom"
76561198046823204,Recommended,402020,18723230,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Loki,"This is my first review I have ever written for a Steam game. With that being said let me say that I cannot begin to express how much I love this game. Sure it's short, but if you take your time and absorb everything then you will truly see how this game shines. This game will mess with your feelings, your morals, and scare you like crazy. It's plot, while simple and you can guess where its going, is what makes this game, makes you, feel the way you do. I can see that it got some bad reviews for being short and other miniscule stuff. But for $12.99 this game is well worth it. I would pay $20 for this game easily."
,Not Recommended,402020,18851773,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,ObscureEdge,"Bought this game cause of the sale thought it be a cool scary/creepy game and by 40 minutes in I just didn't get that feeling from this game, just wasn't for me really boring but was nice to use this game to try out the refund perk on steam."
,Recommended,402020,18721738,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,vivwraith,"Short, but I really enjoyed the story and I would have loved it even more if it was longer. Gave me goosebumps a few times."
,Not Recommended,402020,18822761,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Guolleipmil,"Bad game, fairly good storyThe game was not as creepy as I hoped it would be. The jump scares was predictable and very cheap. The character chad was way to hyped with the aid of the clues in the game and the store picture. I think chad was shown a total of 3 times in person. The main antagonist was also not really shown as much. The atmosphere was creepy enough, they just failed to follow up. I really enjoyed the story. It kinda felt like shutter island or inception.  the game gives you clues about the story of the park aswell as the story of the character you play. Im not sure if what i think is right, but I think the park is just an illusion or an imagniation. To avoid major spoilers i will not go tell anything more that that.By giving out such clues about what's really going on makes the gameplay a bit better. It kinda makes you use your head a little. Other than that the game was poorly made. Also the game is way to short for the price. I Probably spent 2 hours completing and I even was afk for a couple of minutes.Not worth the money"
,Recommended,402020,18805153,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,[GWJ] tanstaafl,"I liked it. It's really short, I finished in about 90 minutes but apparently missed a few things since I missed a few achievements. I would describe it as more ""disturbing"" than ""scary""; there's a lot here that has to do with depression and how it affects people even without supernatural events adding to it. So don't go in expecting lots of gore or jump-scares (though there are a few of those). Instead settle for that constant uneasy feeling in your stomach based on what you learn of this person and somehow knowing that there is no way this situation can end well..."
76561198053645391,Recommended,402020,18721607,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,aldridge790,"This is a brilliant game, i knew it was a short game ,they say 2 hours of game play,so i took my time with it and made it last the evening ,and i was totally emersed in the game, like they say you need to play it in the dark with headphones on and i did, i played it in the evening ,it made me jump out of my chair a few times and has some really creepy moments in it, absaloutly super game ,i hope they make something similar that is a maybe a 20 hour game or so, ,over all a super game and had me totally emersed ,great :-)"
,Recommended,402020,34712444,Posted: 3 September,all,Flurry65,"The Park is one of those games that you can finish in like 90 minutes and get your money back for being under the Steam refund hours. However dont speed run the game just for that reason. I really enjoyed the Park for being a really interesting game about how you go completely insane in under 90 minutes of just being there. The graphics are good, the spook's were ok and the storyline felt like there could have been more. I'll list a few things that could really improve this to be a 10/10 game:What is good:- The graphics are on point.- The Park rides felt like they could have been real.- The Music was good to set a creepy tone.- Character design for Chad was great.- The effects of Lorraine going more and more insane is creepy.What could have been worked on:- A longer game: they could have made more rides and make the story way more scary as you go from one ride to the next.- More reading: this is the only way to set the scene is by reading little pages all around the park, super easy to miss and could be the down fall of the player not knowing whats going on.- Shorter rides: The starting ride, tunnel of tales is the longest of the 6 rides (including the house of horrors, but not counting the part where you walk though the clown door.) so you sit there for a good amount of time waiting for the ride to end which is boring, but it turns out you can skip half of the rides and end up just riding the roller coaster, getting the flash light, and beating the game by entering the house of horrors! You just skipped half of the whole story to speed run the game! More rides could have gone in deeper of the true meaning behind the park and could have entered the world a little deeper of Lorriane.- More Scares could have improved the game for being a walking simulator, to a real horror game with not just scares in pieces but all around you, feeling your heart pounding!What needs to be fixed:- so there is a glitch I was having where at the very beginning I had to hold right click to look around and I couldnt get out of the first object I was looking at, so to easily fix this I went into the parks menu and messed around with the mouse settings and fixed it right away. Great first impressions.- I also noticed in some of the cut scenes that my character Lorriane would like flicker a little bit before looking in the direction of the event, this was notice at the scene of the bumper cars with shock Therapy. I guess she was still staring in the direction of what I was looking at before I  clicked the object that triggered the cut scene.- The Story: OK... this one is really messed up but I thought they could have improved on it by a lot and could have built up a little bit more of why was the park haunted in the first place or was it really the whole time. I said I liked the ending but now I go back and think about it, it didn't really make a whole  lot of since to me. You could have missed the whole story line and saw all these random events and be thinking to yourself why is all this happening? I'll tell you something, make sure you read all the pieces of paper found around the park, it will help you understand a little more of what is going on.SO, did I like the game after all I said? Yes, it was a fun game to play for myself. I would give it a 7/10 for graphics and having a really good concept that could have gone futher than  they did. Is it worth the $15? Not really, I bought it for $15's but I would wait till it's on sale just so you dont have to speed run it just for your money back because im stuck with it going almost to 3 hours just to get the whole story. I would say they could of done better with this topic, but we got this... it could have been so much better. But you can see me play it and get my reactions out of it here:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ignn2gW7p14&list=PLiRjZqwT7yMZ7Ko-N3j_bq_MpsXPjFZsdSee for yourself with some real gameplay if you want to pay for it or just watch me get all the hidden things about this game. I hope this review was helpful for you!"
76561198084294524,Recommended,402020,18722342,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,AppDude27,"Overall, I've had about an hour of a half with ""The Park"". The storyline reminds me of Silent Hill: Shattered Memories, except without the survival aspect of it.This game feels like a horror version of The Stanley Parable.Graphically, I'm operating on a Macbook Pro, intel i5 processor with an Intel HD graphics card and it was really laggy for me, EVEN after I lowered the details to their lowest levels.It wasn't brutally slow, but playable.The level of detail in this game is simply put, breathtaking. I love the lore that this game has to offer. Also, the jump scares are totally worth it.I would reccomend this game to anyone looking for an adventure game but without the time dedication that most have nowadays.Replayability wise, I'm under the notion that this game does have multiple endings, but only because of the achievements the game offers.Thumbs up!"
76561197990648135,Not Recommended,402020,18863938,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Freedom Fries,"Gameplay is non existent.Game can be finished in 1 hour with no replay value.And it's linear.For 12 bucks, it""s far too expensive for what it is : a short film !"
,Recommended,402020,18721910,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Ladyy Yennefer,"Was expecting jump scares around every corner, instead got a story-driven, atmospheric game comparable to The Vanishing of Ethan Carter. Would recommend for people looking for a story or a scary experience that doesn't involve completely soiling themselves (though the game definitely has its moments)."
76561198028225079,Not Recommended,402020,18732377,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Jonotron,This game is short and basically is an interactive story. I am ok with that. The ending is wildly disappointing. If I hadn't back tracked to make sure I didn't miss anything and play the opening again to get all the achievements I would not of even put an hour and half in to the game.Pros-Nice conceptFemale protagonist who is a realistic personGreat Voice actingNice story elementsCreepyCons-under 2 two hours longStory not fully developedEnding is short and doesn't provide a sense of closureZero Replay value once you complete the achievements
,Recommended,402020,25368015,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,TheRealKittyCat,the game was great. i really liked the story and I really liked the game play. I was super excited to play this and i got so disappointed at the end of the game because it was over so quick. I would loved if there was multiple endings and more rides. Also the games ending was awful-Spoiler alert-why did we spend all our time chasing him and then we killed him BUT it wasnt even real in the first place liek wtf. the game could of done wayy better but overall it was a good game ;)
,Recommended,402020,20782723,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Significant❗🌀,"Disclaimer: This review is opinion based and has been made due to playing the game on my YouTube Channel and is also aimed at other ""Let's Players"". I will also include a rating to whether this game is easy for recording!Hello everyone!My name is SynificHD and I am a YouTuber who uploads many gameplay content, such as this game.This review will show my thoughts and opinions towards the game, also including a link to the game for you guys to check out and hopefully enjoy; and give you an insight of the game!A Park Review:Description:The game ""The Park"" is a first-person walking simulator that isnt much of a survival horror, but is a psychological horror, where you play as a mother who is named Lorraine, who must re-enter The Park to find her lost son; as she explores the horrifying amusement park, she suddenly reveals who she really is, leaving you on the edge of your seat; wondering what the HECK happened!Personal Opinion:""The Park"" has a very basic story line (You're trying to look for your lost son and go through some freaky flashbacks) but holds a very interesting concept being held in what would be known as a ""happy place""; a theme park. The price is also debatable being a somewhat short story but then again the game has a lot of detail in certain parts, especially in sidequests that makes the game more interesting. Overall I could put this game inbetween recommended and not recommended as the game has a few cons but I enjoyed playing and it all depends on your interest.TL;DRI recommend this game to players who enjoy a mind boggeling game, that leaves you questioning its meaning, and for people who enjoy walking simulators that are narrator based, that involves sitting through a lot of dialogue.Easy For Recording?At the time, recording was an issue but it would probably be a lot easier now but I would give this a 7/10 due to long dialogue and trying to cut most of it down into a suitable video.Gameplay Here for Reference ►https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jzcLo1DI4PY"
,Recommended,402020,30825743,Posted: 29 March,all,koral06,"The park is about a mother ,Lorraine, taking her son Calllum to the amusement park. She loses Callum and must search for him around the park.The atmosphere turns dark quickly and a creepy undertone emerges. While Lorrainne is exploring the park there is an interesting backstory as Lorraine hurries to find Callum. The actual gameplay is a walking simulator with no combat or skills required to beat it. It runs almost like a movie, with the ending scenes being my favorite. In general a lot of the park scenes are fantastic, and I enjoyed watching them.One thing many have mentioned is there is little replay value and it is a short game. However, if you're a horror fan like me I think you'll enjoy the atmosphere and storyline."
,Recommended,402020,18719012,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,ScrotieFlapWack,"What an incredible game!Combine this with VR and it will be one hell of an experience. This by far has to be one of my favourite horror games of all time (yes I said it). The story of the game was VERY well written.I played this as suggested with the lights off and headphones on. The atmosphere is beautifully made, the visuals are gorgeous.I think the Funcom guys may have started a new trend in the horror genre, the idea and design of this game is very unique, it really felt like an experience.Horror needs more games like this, very original!10/10"
76561198087864882,Recommended,402020,18719474,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Jeff,"Point form for easy reading.+Well-paced which is a huge plus for this type of game+The story is good helped by good voice acting+The setting is unsettling+Interaction with the rides+Good Controls-Some poor optimization-It's a bit short could have easily added a little more in various sections and helped flesh out the overall experience.-The notes, which are an integral part of the story can be extremely hard to read.  Something as simple as darkening the writing."
,Recommended,402020,18719462,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,dhyrup,"An interesting game. I mostly grabbed this because I am a fan of The Secret World MMO, and this game is set within that universe. I appreciated the deeper insight into the the park and its denizens.This is less of a game than an interactive short story... and by interactive, you're really just picking things up and examining them. There is no combat or puzzle solving or any other aspects of a traditional computer game that you may be expecting.That aside, it was fairly creepy... especially with headphones on so you can hear the nuances of the sound effects. It would have been much creepier in the dark, but the sun was still up when I decided to try it out.The only bad things I have to say about it are that it is short (finished it in less than 2 hours) and towards the end, there are elements that repeat over and over. While I know that is there to elicit a psychological effect, I started to get bored of the repetitiveness of it. I also felt the ending was a bit lackluster, but fitting. With the buildup, I guess I was expecting something more dramatic. I was also hoping for more paranormal elements, given the tie in with The Secret World.Anyway, for the price, this game is worth playing if you're a fan of the psychological horror genre, or you're a fan or player of The Secret World MMO. Just try to play it in the dark with headphones on. :)"
,Recommended,402020,18719510,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Z4CH,"A short game, great story."
,Recommended,402020,18719532,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Kodeir,A lovely little jont in my favorite theme park.
,Recommended,402020,18720550,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,"Lemmings ""R"" Us",Great Psyclogical horror experence. I was able to finish it within 2hrs straight. Has a very creepy and menising enviorment. Great if you want a great scare but just remember that it is a psycological horror and not horror.
,Recommended,402020,20528120,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,RvB Caboose,"Yep. 4 hours to beat the game. Can't be worth it right? WRONG. Keep going around this park and watch her mind unwravel.This is one First person point and click to interact that falls in the 10% I actually recommend, because usually they aren't my thing. Can't say much without spoiling the story, so keep spamming CALLUM like it was Heavy Rain looking for Jason, and read all the cues/hints and books/scraps of paper to paint a better picture of the story. Then listen to this mind descend into madness.Walking sim, jump scares, evolving story, 8/10"
,Recommended,402020,33016330,Posted: 29 June,all,LadNoDad,"If you want a long game, this isn't it. However, if you enjoy The Secret World, horror, eldritch, Lovecraft inspired things, this is a great short game. Scary, interesting, and fun. A creepy and heartwrenching story about a mother losing her son in the park. Give it a try, especially if its on sale."
76561197970818623,Not Recommended,402020,20612573,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,boomagg2,"While the game had some redeeming factors (creepy, and a few ""jump"" moments), overall I was disappointed.A bit slow moving and some repetition. The game was very short as well.Mostly,,, the end. The ending was terrible. There was no resolve, no hint to continuation,,,  Just ended."
76561197970624064,Not Recommended,402020,24170662,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,mick,Atmospheric but short. Completed in one hour and twenty minutes. Ending becomes obvious after about ten minutes.Not recommended.
76561197994952407,Recommended,402020,18725343,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Thegodhand,"Although very short, I feel this game earns it's cost by giving the player a very disturbing ride."
,Recommended,402020,32912194,Posted: 27 June,all,Loke,"Didn't like the final part, but the game has a solid narrative and very good writing. Liked the fact that it fits in the Secret World's lore.Don't go in expecting a horror game, tough. It's more of a terror-like ""walking simulator""."
,Not Recommended,402020,26276425,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,touuqe,"Way too short to recommend for anything less than 60% off.I completed it in 90 minutes.It was an okay story, it had a few jump scares and had decent voice acting.I'm not sure it was worth the £5 I paid for it though. Maybe wait until it’s only a few quid and then try it."
,Recommended,402020,30095270,Posted: 22 February,all,CipherHawk,"I have to say that although a short game I found the journey through the story highly enjoyable, and it's one that I would likely revisit being into the lore behind the story. I do agree with a lot of the reviewers that the game is more like an interactive theater experience, and while this is what it feels like, as a matter of personal opinion I find myself satisfied at the end of it. While not for everyone, I think this was a worthwhile purchase, if it's on sale and you are into the genre go ahead and grab it."
,Recommended,402020,19107858,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,Salty McSaltsalt: The Saltening,"I hate horror games.Okay, okay, I'll admit it.  I don't hate them, I'm just too much of a ♥♥♥♥♥ to play them myself.  But for The Park, I grew some balls and sat down in the dark for a good scare.I'm also going to admit that I'm cheap.  Normally, I regret pretty much anything I spend money on.  However, I definitely do not regret this game.The atmosphere was the BEST part of this game.  I scare easily, and there were some jumpscares that got me of course, but it wasn't just that.  The game wasn't particularly scary; I've seen worse.  It was extremely unsettling.  It took the time to get under your skin and stick with you.  That, in my opinion, is MUCH more effective than any jumpscare.  I felt on edge even after the game ended for a while afterwards.The voice acting was surprisingly great.  I didn't run into any glitches.  Like I said, I was completely immersed in the atmosphere of the park.  The story was surprisingly good; a lot of it left me thinking.  I ended up recommending the game to some friends just so I could have other people to discuss the story of the game with.  Overall, I find that The Park was worth my money.  It really packs a punch for the short game that it is."
,Recommended,402020,18740803,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Malificarr,"Not a long game but enjoyable.Honestly the horror doesn't really start until you enter the haunted house, everything else is just setting the scene. Ties into the Secret World very overtly. Interested in seeing the next tie-in Funcom put out."
,Recommended,402020,18723018,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,703,"I hate you, chadI hate you"
,Recommended,402020,33772106,Posted: 24 July,all,MysticalCatButt,Throughly enjoyed this game although it is a bit short and frankly it's not worth full price (purchased during the summer sale). It's not so much scary as it is disturbing. I'd like to think that the events leading up to the end are left up to interpretation.
76561198104627606,Recommended,402020,18720551,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,TJZAP,3Hours of walking in a park i feel like i was there for days when i got out i just end up back in the park will i ever find my son or will i lose my mine as well Best story game ever A+++++++++++++++ we all need this game
76561198143270288,Not Recommended,402020,30215457,Posted: 27 February,all,AmandaHugginkiss,This game is super short. I enjoyed the creepy atmosphere but felt a little ripped off when i realized i was on the last chapter so quickly.
76561198031975325,Recommended,402020,23645407,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,adfl,"Firstly Buy on sale only - not worth $12 to $13. Secondly it's short, and predicatable. Thirdly, it's a walk'em up ... no interaction between you and the game apart from opening doors, riding rides and pushing forward to walk - not joking in any way.It was a fun one and 1/2 hours ... but meh, nothing new"
76561198115676429,Recommended,402020,18727164,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,joe,"As you know The Park is a physcological horror game.The backstory of the characters is great and unwinds perfectly.The graphics are amazing.The atmosphere is very chilling.You can wonder freely through the park, until a certain point. Not much to do, but certainly isn't boring.Wish it was longer.7/10"
,Recommended,402020,18745461,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Nanaki,I'm a happy carrot. :)
,Recommended,402020,18737258,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Geophery,"Great way to kill 60-90 minutes. Very few jumpscares, but unsettling and spooky the entire time. I'd recommend riding all the rides to get the full experience, even though that's not something you'd do if you were trying to find your kid in an abandoned theme park at night."
76561198163148477,Recommended,402020,18738170,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,MassSpecFella,"Yes, its 90 min long. It was a fun experience, I wouldnt exactly call it a game. I enjoyed several moments in the game and had an overall good experience. Its not the best ever, but good.  It made me think of how hard life can be sometimes and how trapped people can be. It has potential to be a lot better though. For me it was worth $10...just."
,Recommended,402020,18732818,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Rebry,"Holy crap. i dont beleve i have screamed this loud for a while now.A really good psychotic horror story,id give it a 10/10 and would not play again,♥♥♥♥♥♥that thing was scary."
76561198033695804,Recommended,402020,18733175,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,matin,"Agreatpsychological thriller/horror. The game itself is of the ""exploratory"" kind, so don't expect to be doing anything more than walking around and reading/looking at things.The game starts as a creepy horror with great atmosphere and some proper jump scares, and does a wonderful job at that, but the best comes later, when the story turns its psychological element to eleven. You will be biting your nails and cradling back and forth, while wanting to really reallyreallyhug the poor protagonist.Lorraine issofleshed out, believable and relatable (while being a mess) that it's almost unbelievable.The only negative things are that some (not all) notes are hard to read. Also, while this is not exactly a spoiler, still read at your own risk:The ending does feel somewhat rushed and could use more love. I'm not talking about thegreatbuild-up to it, I'm talking about the very last few minutes."
,Recommended,402020,18745944,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Lionarith,Short but good!
76561197970669269,Recommended,402020,18734109,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,thedruidknights,This was one amazing thought and gripping game! I was on the edge of my seat the whole time. What a great story!
,Recommended,402020,18733925,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Leo,"This game is just amazing!! It been ages since a game had me feel this kind of creeping sense of dread that just gets worse the deeper you go. Best 10 dollars spent in gaming in a while. And for us TSW players algo nets us goodies in TSW plus the familiarity and nods to the TSW world are great. Even if you arent a TSW player, if you like psychological horror (well done, mind you) you cant go wrong with The Park. Game is ""short"" but in my humble opinion is the exact length it needs to be to tell its story effectively. Seriously the only reasons I wouldnt recommend this game to someone are: a) does not like horror b) needs a game to have things to shoot/kill . In fact this game is even better than any horror movie I have seen in YEARS, lasts about the same and costs about the same too. Plus, did I mention its an spin off from the The Secret World universe? So double win for us TSW fans and for those who are not but love this game its a very good reason to try out TSW. 10/10 from me guys....now get to work on a spin off based on The Black House....or the incorporeal being referred to during The Nursery in issue 7.....come on chop chop"
,Recommended,402020,18721031,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,FeroNordHD,"By my time you can see that this game isn't very long, 2h max. It's a very story driven game with a layer of horror and spooky stuff.I liked this game but I still feel as if it's too short. I would really like to get closure to make sure what i got was right and answer my questions.All in all i would give it a 6.5/10"
,Recommended,402020,18723843,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,AlyPlays,Hansel and Gretel Story Simulator 2015
,Recommended,402020,18735888,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Daniel Rogers,"I though the Park was an intresting experinece. First of all, this isn't a game, its more of an interactive story like Heavy Rain but with a linear story.The atmosphere established quickly is quite eerie and carries the theme of the abandoned park nicely. It was great to hear the creaking of all the old amusement rides.Story: It was quite short but I was expecting that so I wasn't too disapointed. Plotwise its quite obvious whats going to happen, but finding out the backstory of the main character was really cool and I enjoyed that. Finding all the notes was really cool, and reading them was really intresting.Gameplay: Quite limited in what you can do, but thats okay as it drives you through the story quickly. What you can do is walk around, call out Calum and read notes.Personal Experience: The characters of the villans were intresting, would have loved to see Chad explored more thourghly. I was a bit disapointed that they didn't explore the park in more detail, or add little things like having the Father fall off the Ferris Wheel when you got to the top or something like that. I love the sound in the game and overall I enhjoyed the experience.Recommend this for people who don't mind a short experince that is intresting and unique in setting."
,Not Recommended,402020,35210490,Posted: 25 September,all,schneckchen0,I bought this on sale and im still dissapointed
,Not Recommended,402020,29949617,Posted: 15 February,all,RoninOtter,"The short of it:The Park is replete with ""horror game"" clichés.  Cheap jumpscares, a creepy setting, flashbacks, disturbing imagery, and a flair for messing with reality all make their appearances.  There's also no compelling characters, combat, choices, gameplay, dialogue interaction, or payoff.  The obtusely-simplistic story is entirely unable to stand on its own, and has an ending that's so dull and predictable that my friends and I called it within the first 5 minutes.  The only thing about the game that's scary is it implies that Zoloft turns you into a pyschopath...The long of it:Set within the universe of""The Secret World"", ""The Park"" is meant to be a spin-off game.  Now, a spin-off needs something to stand on its own, such as expanding upon a small element of a larger story arc that ends up having its own dramatis personae.  Otherwise, it's not a spin-off, but rather just an episode of a long-arc TV show where if you haven't seen everything leading up to it makes absolutely no sense.  Playing ""The Park"" as an outsider of the MMORPG is like being the one person in the room with a bunch of die-hardGame of Thronesfans that has never seen a single epsiode or read any of the books.  You tilt your head at the screen and ask ""So, what the ♥♥♥♥ is going on?""  While it might speak to those who play the MMORPG, it's an atrocious ambassador to that larger world for the rest of us, because if ""The Secret World"" is anything like ""The Park"" in terms of story or gameplay, you couldn'tpayme to play it.While walking through the eponymous setting, your point of view is as the narrator and candidate for ""worst mother on the planet.""  Note that I don't say you ""play"" this character.  This is because you're merely looking through her eyes as you walk around the environment and things happen.  The entire thing is effectively (and often literally) on rails, and you have no ability to affect the story based on your actions.  There's no way to ""win"" or ""lose,"" nor can you have any impact on the events unfolding whatsoever.  Sure, some of the imagery can be demented and weird, but it falls flat at being scary since nothing ever threatens you as the player and there are no tasks to be punished for failing.  You have literally nothing to do except visit various different places, and sit down to ride something while listening to faceless voices talk.The only other ""character"" you encounter looks so visually out-of-place that his appearance is far more comical than disturbing, and he never grabs your attention long enough for you to want to know anything else about him.  The mystery of whether he's a hallucination, demon, or other such entity isn't compelling at all since he has absolutely no effect upon the main character in the end.  Just like the protagonist's aggravatingly disobedient child, he's flat and forgettable.  (There's another character you see at the end, but he's so forgettable that I actuallyforgot to mention him in the review, and had to place this note here after the fact.)But here's the absolute worst thing of all for me about ""The Park"":  Its astoundly ignorant and offensive treatment of depression and mental health.  Any and all remaining respect for the game I might otherwise have had is vaporized by the inflammatory and damaging portrayal of the effects of real-world medications that the game presents.I'm happy to see that I'm not alone in this observation.Perhaps there is some alternate supernatural explanation which one would need to have played ""The Secret World"" in order to know about, but based purely upon the context of what ""The Park"" tells us, the possible side-effects of being medicated for depression include hallucinations and murdering your children.  It relegates depression to the realm of ""insanity"" where mild seratonin imbalance medications (they riff on Zoloft with ""Zolift"") are the colloquial ""crazy pills.""As someone who is close to multiple people who medicate against depression and who has suffered from depression himself, this is unforgiveable, and drops ""The Park"" to the absolute bottom of my list of games to recommend to anyone.  If I could, I'd rank it below ""Dead Mountaineer's Hotel."""
,Not Recommended,402020,29835413,Posted: 10 February,all,JazzTune,"It's short, but what it lacks in length it makes up in quality.Just kidding, it kind of blows. Someone bought it for me and I still felt ripped off."
76561197993856374,Recommended,402020,18726454,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Rictus,"If, like me, you like the basic genre of ""walking simulators"" and if, like me, you're a player of The Secret World, this is a perfect companion piece to the story of Solomon Island and of course Atlantic Island Park in contemporary times.I've finished the game in about two hours which seems to be standard length for this genre (IIRC I finished Gone Home in a similar time), but might be on the longer side, since I really do try to explore if a game styles itself exploratory. The Park is rather linear in that regard, so there is little exploring of hidden places, but plenty of exploring of scenes, especially in the later parts.There are a lot, and I mean a lot, of allusions to The Secret World, most of which are not pertienent to the story here, but a nice little touch for Secret Warriors. Beware, if you haven't finished New England in TSW there may be slight spoilers here, depending on how much you pick up and can draw the right conclusions.The atmosphere can be nothing short of terrifying if you're able to immerse yourself. There is some excellent sound design helping this and some of the scenery and set pieces are sufficiently creepy, even if the're not really innovative. The old standbys (creepy dolls, flocks of birds, etc.) work for a reason.I don't want to go into story, since in my opinion it's mostly a matter of personal taste if you like a story or not, but let it be said, as mentioned before, that it fits very well within the universe of The Secret World, not only because of atmosphere and ""shout outs"", but also because of theme.In the end, I recommend The Park with the caveats mentioned in my review. For me personally it was fully worth the 10 € I paid."
,Recommended,402020,18720195,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Artificial Unintelligence,"Horror games have a special place in the pit of all consuming darkness that is my heart, and psychological horror games have an even more special place. Now, let's break this down.The game follows a depressed mother looking for her lost child in a really creepy amusement park named Atlantic something. Moving on, the game soon takes a turn for the worst when the sky darkens and you wander around with this woman talking to you, telling the most tragic (but very well written) story about her life, her contradicting views on Callum, her son, and some conversation between her and a skinny, well dressed Oogie Boogie from The Nightmare Before Christmas (if you don't know what I'm talking about please re-evaluate your entire life). The game seems to follow the story of Hansel and Gretel (follow the path and when you see the swan boat ride, ride it to get an achievement and a man retelling the story). References to the tale are mentioned here and there.If you've played Outlast before (which I reccomend HIGHLY if you haven't), then you know what jumpscare and gore horror is. This is not that. I'm not saying there's not blood and bodies in this game, but the numbers, compared to Outlast, are few; however, this game is scary, but more psychologically.Pros:-fantastic story-creepy atmosphere-sp00ky soundtrackCons:The only con I have about this game is that it's really short. You can finish it within an hour, which sucked because I really got into the story.8.5/10Hasta la vista, baby-Citrus"
,Not Recommended,402020,18824024,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,blaircureton,"Horror? Nah I think not. I didnt find this scary, chilling or even atmospheric. The story was mildly engaging but that's about it. Looked very pretty but thats the only real positive I can give to this. Way to short to warrant the price tag, just, not entertaining in the slightest."
76561198047624299,Recommended,402020,18718508,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,King of the Huehue's,"one of the better horror indie games, a good idea of a setting, not overboard with jumpscares, good story, worth the 10$"
76561197999538099,Recommended,402020,18723315,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,MrHatStick,Well done Funcom!Pros: Enjoyable playthrough.Cons: Too Short.
76561198056211930,Recommended,402020,18712768,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Dott,"Play it at night with the lights off! I Steam Streamed to my couch, got my steam controller and it was perfect. At one point -no spoilers- I screamed so loud I scared my dog!"
,Recommended,402020,18723554,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,michinnyeon,"Hauntingly beautiful.A game where you can't help but walk and take in your surroundings... at the same time there are portions where you feel the necessity to sprint through because you can't stomach the feeling of dread and anxiety.Visuals 9.5/10, gorgeous at maxed settings. I found myself lowering the sensitivity and simply taking my time through the environments, looking everywhich direction.Sound 9/10, despite a repetitious spamming of the ""call-out"" button, every line of VO never went stale. Very engaging how the lines would change as you would progress. The only reason it lost 1 point was because at times I could not truly believe in the VA's pain, some reactions left me wishing she sounded more.... afraid.Dread/scare factor 8/10, light headed, attention grabbed, truly spooky, hands were sweaty... mom's spaghetti.Truly a very well choreographed experience. Not your typical ""horror"" genre game. Do yourself a favour, shut off the lights, slap in some earphones and enjoy the ride.Does it warrant the $10? Yes if you're willing to invest an hour or two solely into this game, diving into it with no disturbances.No if you're expecting a cheap thrill and want to play this game in parts. It's a one-time sit down kind of game."
76561198116175145,Recommended,402020,21083087,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,ElizaJane,"I really liked this game, including the fact that it was short because it had a goos set up and didnt push too far from what you needed to have in the game. The ending was one not meant for kids so obviously not a childs game, but it was a good story and I would play it again just like youd read a book over again because you liked the story. If you're into psychological games I'd for sure suggest this one."
76561197975551289,Recommended,402020,21090385,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,TuRoK 2....,Real cool Game. Very short but a dam fine game. Loved it :)
76561198159782173,Recommended,402020,22591813,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,athanasy,"Not sure what was that, some psycho's insight? Not sure what to think about it, but artwork was great! Environments worth the money, but won't play it again."
76561198163135277,Recommended,402020,25209367,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,kitterkat3,"Enjoyed the game overall. The story was good if you like creepy plot with a side of confusing. The best part to me was the back story of the Atlantic Island Park. It did crash a couple of times when I was loading in, but adjusting the settings fixed that for me. It was an easy, mostly cinematic, playthrough that I would say was worth the price."
76561198091430653,Recommended,402020,19964861,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,☣Raw Divinity☣,This was a great game. Very short but it certainly had me going which  is very rare for me. It's got that creepy touch.
,Recommended,402020,33168007,Posted: 2 July,all,Brerito_supreme,I really enjoyed this game even AFTER watching someone else play though it. I was very impressed by the story and it made me want to know more about the back story. Has a lot of potential for fan theories and you can even visit the park in The secret world to get some more backstory. Also the game is beautiful! I definitely recommend at least one playthrough
,Recommended,402020,20316646,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,indianadave,"A short, lush game that makes the most of a pre-established world/atmosphere to spin off a unique adventure with some deeply unsettling themes.Cons -Extremely on rails.The agency for the player is almost nil.Pitch black subject matter.Pros -Scary in both atmosphere and contentFully engaging. If you like these types of games, ou'll be sold on the premise and world within minutes.Suprisingly nuanced and well told for a horror game. This isn't really about the big bad monster. The gameplay mechanics serve the narrative very well.It's short, but I think that's a positive. There isn't really a need for a third or fifth or tenth hour. For the price, especially during sales, it's a great value.8.0/10"
,Recommended,402020,26402513,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,saschielx_v1,The depth of the story will make you reflect on the struggle of having to go through finding a missing child. This game may be short but it is the first game in almost 5 years that has actually had an impact on my thinking. 10 stars on story.
76561197970712116,Recommended,402020,26409091,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,xabungle,"While the game is short, I did enjoy the play through. The beginning of the game though, I was getting annoyed.  What kind of irresponsible parent looking for their lost child in a park is going to stop to go on rides.....then .... oh , ok. Made much more sense as I continued on. Again it is a very short game but I liked it regardless. I would recommend getting it when it goes on sale. I wouldn't consider this a horror game . So if you are looking at it to be like SOMA or ANNA , it is not.  More like a deranged Firewatch."
76561198029121769,Recommended,402020,25083402,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Nathan John,Great GraphicsGreat StoryIf there is a con its that its 1.5 hours long.
76561197996124118,Recommended,402020,26417080,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Bloopy,"Pros:- Nice little artistic touches; colors, shadows, mirror etc..- Sound and music added tension to a great  atmosphere- Game was not gruesome; just scary enough- Quite memorable finaleCons:- Park too small, it really needed a funhouse, games, carousel ""more to explore""- I just didn't like Lorraine (the main character).. I guess that was an appropriate reaction- No replay ability, from the start I knew where Callum was likely to be- Game was just too short -darn itRating 5/10 - will never ride a swan boat again; wish there were more rides to be wary of"
,Recommended,402020,26421184,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,LeoQueen082,"I say recommended under the circumstances that you buy it on sale. And that you also keep this in mind: it takes place in another universe. This exists in the universe of another MMORPG game this company has made. Some of the notes and the things you read/see have to do with that game and are just affecting the universe of this game, but doesn't add or take away anything from the plot.ALSO. Major ::Trigger Warnings:: in this game as well!talks of postpartum (wow, that's one word? thanks google) depression/psychosis, suicide attempts, and there's a part in the game where it shows the character used to cut herselfI would say prepare yourself to be triggered, but it's spaced sporadically throughout the game and shouldn't affect your ability to enjoy the game.So if you don't keep the idea that the game resides in an already-existing universe in mind, this game can and will get confusing really fast. If you've never heard of or know the symptoms of the mental illness Lorraine has, it can also get confusing.Overall, it's a good game though! There's a lot of times where the story isn't clear-cut and that is what makes you want to continue on to figure out what's going on. The voice acting can be questionable at times, especially with the ""Callum"" Shout mechanic. Sometimes the shout doesn't match the monologues that she goes through and it can be comical at best, pulling you from the experience.Other than that, and the ending having more to do with the universe their other game created, the game is a pretty spoopy game. It got me a few times (but then again I'm also a huge loser when it comes to scary games)."
76561198067100243,Recommended,402020,20625473,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Wyrmblez,"Been playing games on Steam for a while, but never took the time to write a review. I felt obligated to do this one because this game is a mixed bag for some, but I think it is an engaging interactive story, and that´s very much what this ¨game¨is. A spinoff from the MMO, The Secret World, you enter an amusement park, a setting from the original game to explore the sinister stories and tragedies that still haunt this decrepit theme park. You walk along and follow the rides and the narrative, and try to find and read the scattered letters and notices, and listen to Lorraine´s monologues about life. I call this an ïnteractive¨story because you can´t really lose, and even with my terrible sense of game direction, you can´t really get lost. While this game´s story was not a thriller, with some awesome twist at the end, I found it to be a tour de force that made me interested in finding where the story was going. The main character was enjoyable as a flawed and very human person, and I feel a lot of attention to detail was paid to making Lorraine seem like a real person with real problems, caught up in unreal circumstances. The ending of the game is a bit of a puzzler, but again, so interesting that I continued trying to research the game after it was finished, and even briefly piqued my interest in checking out The Secret World (but who has time for MMOs with almost 200 games in the library). While reading, I came across this quote from the creator that I wanted to share:""Everybody's had that dream where they fall,"" Bylos says. ""Most people have had that nightmare where they wake up because they fell from a height -- I want that feeling from people, especially as you go through the House of Horrors, the sense that the bottom is rushing up and you just can't stop it. It's inevitable.""  --Joel BylosIt was because of this quote that I came here to recommend this game, because it did exactly what the creator wanted to do, and I consider that to be a success. As the ending drew near, I couldn´t stop myself, and I did feel that rush of an impending end that made me both anxious and excited. While the game´s ending felt like a well-what-do-you-think-happened, I was glad for the experience. While some might want to wait for this to be on sale, as the game is maybe 1-2 hours at most, I encourage games to be the new medium for storytelling, and The Park is not to be missed for those who enjoy eerie atmospheres, realistic characters, and dark stories."
76561198104841808,Recommended,402020,19142273,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,Nitrous_Nevada // upgrade.gg,Enjoyed the rollercoaster. Spent most of my time on it than any other rides. Nice game overall.
,Recommended,402020,19149713,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,FJshorts,wow...
76561197993729568,Recommended,402020,19326112,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Perstyr,"It's an interactive story that drip-feeds you the story like pieces of a jigsaw, and as you play the pieces start to fit together. I kind of wish Atlantic Island Park were a real place, but it's probably a blessing it isn't. If you allow the story to lead you, go with the flow and enjoy the ride...If you play The Secret World, you'll get the added experience of building upon the lore of the island, but it is by no means essential - just a bonus."
,Recommended,402020,19259771,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,imakepuns,"This game was a lot of fun, going through a creepy park with a clever wrap around story of a bad mom who loses track of her son. There's plenty of stuff that seems like it doesn't make sense from teh get-go, but its easy to foret about it and just enjoy the creppy atmosphere. I enjoyed this game for the entirety of my time with it, even though I shoul dnote that there's plenty left unexplained in the end. (I've read that these loose ends can be figured out in the game that thi is a spin off of, but I didn't feel like it was necessary to enjoy this game)"
,Recommended,402020,19307961,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,kumamon,scary park rides for free (9/10)
,Recommended,402020,19100007,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,Zyborgmonkey,"Meh, worth about £2 - £5. playing the game it feels like there should be more to it, even the environment and mechanics seem a bit basic which isn't great for a predomanently ""wander around and examine random items"" type game."
76561198115145152,Recommended,402020,19130123,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,Asset7111,"So when i watch horror movies, or play horror games i rarely get scared. And when i do its not enough to make me stop playing. This made me scared enough to stop playing for over a week. Its one of the best games ever.PS anyone know what the secret world is under extras?"
,Recommended,402020,19133903,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,Goliathusx,Entertaining game with good story telling
,Recommended,402020,31884926,Posted: 21 May,all,Tafu,Pretty nice addition to The Secret World's world. Very short considering the price. Maybe get on Sale.
76561198037253620,Recommended,402020,20058554,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Mr. Synth,"First off, if you don't enjoy games like Dear Esther or Gone Home, do NOT get this game, it is a short walking simulator with some horror. now that thats done, I really enjoyed this game, as I do enjoy walking simulators.Pros-story had me interested the whole time-only two or three jumpscares outside of the haunted house, and even then I saw at least one of them coming, rest is pure atmosphere-game is short (took me 1.5 hours to 100% it), but it doesn't overstay it's welcome or start to drag-graphics aren't great, but could be worse, reminds me of Life is Strange-the last section of this game is VERY inspired by PT, it doesn't even try to hide it, I think it worked very well-Chad is really freaking creepy (there is a note on a store window that is chilling about him)-i love the aesthetic of the abandoned and rusted amusement park, and it did feel very real-voice acting is really good and is very effective at showing the slow decline of the characterCons-the text on a lot of the notes is very blurry, most I had to squint at, and some of the hand-written ones i just had to skip all-together-The Bogeyman feels a bit out of place and was not scary at all, though i did still like him-the pop-in was HORRIBLE and in the beginning it is extremely obvious that foliage appeared from nothing, it goes away later on, or i just stopped noticing it-story becomes a bit obvious later on and I pretty much figured it out right away-I think they could have done more with the Chad costume, there is one good use of him early on with him just watching you, I think more things like that with him watching you from from an unreachable place would be effective-Price is a bit much, definitely wait for a sale if you are interested-VERY long load times, however I had a few other games installing in the back so that was probably my fault, there are only 3 load screens i can remember in the entire game, so it wont keep you too long either wayOverall I really enjoyed the game, It had problems, but overall I liked it. I think a redux could really help with the text and pop-in and load times. I love games like Dear Esther and Gone Home, so I may be biased there. If you enjoy those two games and are up for some horror elements in them, then definitely pick this one up on a sale"
76561198344931498,Not Recommended,402020,35432191,Posted: 2 October,all,Toddlersauce,PROS+Good atmosphere+Good concept...CONS:-40 minutes long-Very little gameplay-Figured out the ending 5 minutes in-Subplot introduced via notes is way more interesting than anything that actually happens in game-Character models aren’t great-They are charging $15 for this
,Not Recommended,402020,35377413,Posted: 1 October,all,Welsh,"This game tries to be everything that is isn't.Two decent jump scares in the whole game that are 100% predictable.As others have pointed out, it's pretty much a walking simulator with a average story attached to it.This game was in my wish list for so long i actually forgot why i wanted it but it was on special for $5.No game that you can finish in under two hours INCLUDING added glitches and restarts is worth $5.I've seen a youtube walkthrough whereby they do it in 45 minutes flat.Honestly say I want my money back. I pitty anyone that has paid $12+ for it."
76561198356396060,Not Recommended,402020,33594636,Posted: 16 July,all,jrayhp,"This certainly had the look of something that I would enjoy playing, and as I played, I did visually enjoy the world that the developers had created. However, I was expecting much more in the realm of gameplay and this had zero. It is one path, read the signs, cue the jump scares and then it's over. As others have mentioned this is a very short game, probanly would have been a very cool 15 minute youtube video."
,Recommended,402020,21858710,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Quarex,Basically a better-than-average horror game♥♥♥♥♥film with some tie-ins to the Secret World.I think that may actually tell you everything you need to know about whether you want to play this.
,Not Recommended,402020,29892915,Posted: 12 February,all,anime king 420,Bad game. Too short for the amount of money. Would not waste that money on this game. Get some pizza with that money instead. It'll be more satisfying.
,Recommended,402020,20349130,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Jabba the Fat,"As a player who decides what games to buy based on the reviews of the certain game, it's my duty to write a complete review about any game i finish, so here is my review:THE PARK:This game is a first person, short, psychological horror, story based walking simulator where you are a mother Lorraine who searches her son Callum throughout the Park, while learning all it's dirty secrets.In this game there is no map, except throughout the Park, and you don't have choices in where you can go, you just go straight ahead and ride the Park's attractions while reading notes while scrolling through the Prak.Before i proceed with the Pros and Cons i would like to remind you that the following are my personal preferences and may differ for any individual who plays the game.PROS:+The story was unique+Whilst a horror game, it isn't always based on scaring you, more like making you think+The world is well designed+The playthrough is pretty simple for new players and experienced ones to enjoy+It has some jumpscares but as many as tehre should beCONS:-It had some fps drops and lags in-game-The characters were bad designed (even though it doesn't really matter in-game)-It was short, like 2 hours playthrough shortSUGGESTIONS FOR DEVELOPERS:-Drop the price a bit, 13€ is too much for a game where no one would play more than 3 hours tops-If you decide to keep the price, make some free expansion parks so that we could experience more Park attractions-Make more games like this, this one was awesomeSUGGESTIONS FOR CUSTOMERS:-Buy it on sale, even though it is worth 13€-Enjoy the full of it in a dark room with your headphones on, trust me, it won't be scary at all ;)-Don't worry about getting all the achievements, almost all of them will be obtained while playing the storyTL;DRThis game is really good and i recomend it to anyone who is into Horror games that are not based on the actual horror but on a good frightening story9/10 keep on Funcom!!!!"
,Recommended,402020,20508356,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Fluffeh Eevee,"The game was great, but I feel the price is a bit expensive for a game lasting about 1-2 hours. If the game is 50% off or more get it, if not, don't get it."
,Not Recommended,402020,20533361,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,brotatochipkrums,"This game won't run on any of my computers. It starts, and then get's extremely glitchy. Huge waste of 9 bucks."
76561197982966825,Recommended,402020,20798087,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,luCid,"I dig The Park.Great voice acting, great atmosphere, great graphics, and great story.Not every game has to have hours upon hours of lengthy storyline, where by the end, you've either tuned out or forgot the original premise.The Park is short and to the point, which is exactly what I suspect the devs wanted. And they nailed it IMHO."
,Recommended,402020,21064140,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Nokcturna,"Despite being short and the story not very ""complete"", the game is really nice, I enjoyed it a lot and had some good scary moments :)"
76561197966064850,Recommended,402020,20629791,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Sojiro,"اذا تحب العاب الرعب, العبها بس لازم تكون فاهم الانقليزي عدل لانها لعبة تعتمد على القصةOne of the better horror games that I played.Creepy atmosphere, creepy story and doesn't depend cheap jumpscaresOne con though, a few places have a weak story telling, but otherwise a good game overall."
,Recommended,402020,23767698,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Luna Fisto,"I see a lot of down votes but I personally really loved the atmosphere of the game. Yes, nothing can kill you. Yes, you are never really in danger or threateded. This game isn't about the jumpscares but more about the pshycological terror and also about mental disorders with a hint of the supernatural. I give the game a 8/10. If it's on sale please buy it and see for yourself. The voice acting was amazing. The only reason I am giving this a 8/10 is becase yeah some parts where repititive. I still love this game though. I completed it in about 2 hours like it says."
76561198002967881,Recommended,402020,26326907,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,feargunner,"This game is about 30% story and 70% atmosphere.I enjoyed it very much, but it's not the best horror game I've ever played."
,Not Recommended,402020,26340037,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Wavekid,"""Callum...CALLUM."" (x1000) - Lorraine 2015Psychological horror walking simulator.Nothing wrong with that; however, this game should not be $12.99. (Thankfully I got it way more than half the price!)I completed the walking simulator in two hours; this was with me exploring and admiring the atmosphere. It's hard to explain the game without spoiling anything because it's so short.PROS:- Creepy atmosphere- Great for achievement hunters- Bonus content if you own The Secret World- Well timed jumpscares, though not many placed around- Cool concept and idea, though gone to waste in this short game- The ghoul character gave me a Studio Ghibli vibe. I loved it- Atmosphere intensified towards the end. I loved the thrillCONS:-Callum-VERY short-Press B to ""CALLUM... CALLUM""-Ending kinda just ended. I'm picky about endings though, don't mind this one.-Lorraine's voice acting felt dull to me-Did I mention Callum?It's my fault for jumping into the game with such high expectations. Can you blame me? The screenshots were eye candy, the concept was awesome, and the game takes place in the MMO world of The Secret World.Like most horror / thriller games, it starts off really slow. It just shouldn't be $12.99. In my opinion, this can go for $4.99 at most!If you're into walking simulators and a huge fan of The Secret World, go ahead and get this WHEN IT'S ON SALE!!!If you're looking for legitimate fun, you can skip this game. Trust me, you aren't missing anything! :) Watch a playthrough >without commentary< or something, you won't be missing a personal experience.I'll easily forget about this game when I wake up tomorrow. Oh, and guess what I won't be naming my kid... Little brat. >_>"
76561198046892059,Not Recommended,402020,23147504,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Aurom K,"Much as I would like to give this game a positive review, I simply find that I can't in good conscience.  The fact of the matter is that it did not scare me.  I won't lie and say that I am the world's fore-most authority on horror games, but I have played a few of them, and The Park is probably the least effective of the lot.  This may well stem from the fact that it is a walking simulator.  Now perhaps I should have realized this before I bought it, but I think the very fact that I did not, even after watching the video ad and reading the steam store text, is rather telling.Unfortunately the story, which is very clearly the main focus of the game, is nothing terribly special.  It centers around a young (maybe, it's sort of hard to tell) mother, her child, and the amusement park which (rather indirectly) caused their lives to go to hell.  What's frustrating about it is that the bones of the narrative are pretty solid, it simply wasn't expanded enough.  It's clear almost from the get-go that the owner of the themepark was doing something not terribly nice, but they really never reveal what his intention was, or even what precisely it was that he was doing.  They bring up an incident from the past in which the park's mascot murdered at least one teenager (maybe more, it isn't very specific) but then his part of the narrative is never expanded on.Speaking of the ice-pick wielding chipmunk mascot, there's a bit of a running theme with him showing up and attempting to scare the hell out of the player, but the fact is that this tactic simply doesn't work in a situation where one knows for a fact that he's not going to hurt the main character.  I suppose you could argue that I didn't properly ""lose myself in the medium"" or some such, but personally it seems like that's more the ""game"" failing to draw me in than me being unwilling to suspend my disbelief.  It's sort of like reading a book where, half way in, an extremely contrived situation shows up and threatens to kill off the protagonist.  No one will fall for it, because you're only halfway into the book, and it's exceptionally clear that the author isn't going to switch viewpoints after so much work developing their main character, so what is supposed to be a tense situation just feels like something you have to slog through in order to continue the story.But I digress.  Probably the best feature of The Park is its atmosphere, and the quality of its visual design.  Easily the creepiest moments came not when I was paying attention to the story itself, reading notes or listening to the protagonist's internal monologue, but when I spent the time to inspect some well designed and indelibly disturbing thing that happened to be sitting around in the environment.  I remember one moment particularly well when I had to walk past a bizarre bird-like sculpture that was set along one of the paths in the park.  Not only was the character design interesting and unique in its eeriness, the game devs had textured in what I could swear were bullet holes in the thing, which made me almost certain it was going to spring to life the moment I turned my back, and start following me.  More's the pity when it didn't.I suppose that's really the whole theme of why I can't recommend this as a game; more's the pity when it didn't.  There was a lot of potential for greatness here, but virtually all of it went unfulfilled.  I wouldn't say that there were no good moments in the game, otherwise it wouldn't have that tantalizing potential, it's more a matter of there not being enough.  All in all it's about like going through a haunted house, except you don't have any friends with you to make it more enjoyable, and there's only a couple of actors who are more or less content to just stand there and assume their costume is creepy enough."
,Recommended,402020,18882728,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Felauil,"So, I completed the park yesterday and I must say I was impressed!I'm not really a fan of the horror genre generally but I was drawn to The Park from the interesting artwork on the steam thumbnail and was completely sold when I watched the trailer.Yes, the game is short, but don't let that stop you from playing it, often I find games are needlessly long, so keeping it concise added to the charm.Graphically the game was very good, obviously not AAA graphics but a very respectable effort and utilised in some excellent ways, the rides were very creepy looking and it was the subtle details that really added to the atmosphere.Almost immediately I found the game filled me with a sense of being watched which didn't leave me all the way through until the end, I kept wanting to check over my shoulder because I felt like there was definitely going to be something there!I highly recommend this game for anyone interested in the horror genre and further recommend it to anyone who enjoys smaller, less flamboyant titles :)8/10MyNameIsLeegionIf you're interested in seeing my playthrough I did a four-part series of Lets Plays, the first of which can be found herehttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rp2Sd8OpltY"
76561198073668539,Not Recommended,402020,20579117,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,TheDarkone,"This game looked really good, but alas I was wrong because I cant even play it! It literally takes me 20 mins just to get to the main menu and then even still the game is slow... I mean really slow like dialup back in the 1999 slow. Even at the lowest settings for everything does this game continue to disappoint me... really wanted to play, guess Ill never know... dont really understand what makes this game so much more special then any other game Ive played... nothing special and yet my computer met and went above and beyond for min or otherwise... just stay away if you want to live... seriously I walked away from  this game and still when I came back a half hour later it was still loading , even after many restarts and ugh just whatever..."
,Recommended,402020,25693600,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,McDonald's Crew Memeber,"This game has it's ups and it's downs, but overall I do really like this game! Not so much that it has relatively cheap and awful jumpscares, but because of the fact that it leaves you anxious and creates a psychological atmosphere of what's behind you and what's gonna happen next.The story explains how much of an awful, bipolar kind of mother and the realtionship this women has with her son. It leads you into the unknown of how messed up this mother is in the head and the creators have made a good game for the price.The story is good, the graphics are amazing & the overall smoothness of the game is great.8/10 from me."
,Not Recommended,402020,26419685,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Sugar6969,"Not a very long game at all, kind of dissappointed"
,Recommended,402020,21170338,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Awful Citizen,"I picked this up in the previous Lunar whatever sale from Steam for $8.  I still think its a better less than $5 experience.Do i recommend this experience? Yes I do. It is short.  Very short.  2-3hrs short.  The story is a prychological thriller that spans murder, cannibalism, drugs, pure terror and aspects of the Secret world.I wouldn't call this a game.  For one its an adventure story teller game (like FireWatch) that almost runs on Rails.This is the best introduction to the Secret World you can ever imagine...What I don't recommend you doing is buying it for anything less than $5, because it's not a game.  Its just a narrative, that will make you♥♥♥♥♥♥in your pants but you wont die or loose experience or lose in any way shape or form.Don't buy it at $12.99 because you will regret it then."
76561197970980626,Recommended,402020,18729112,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Shadow,
76561198037001575,Recommended,402020,18713406,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Gammar51,Single Mother the Game
76561198045291203,Recommended,402020,18717278,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,ensignedwards,"The Park is a brief, thoroughly disturbing, but brilliant game.It's not exactly what you'd expect from a standard horror game. There aren't a lot of jump scares, or monsters, or danger. The parts that I'd say are frightening are very few -- though they definitely get the adrenaline flowing -- and it's not even possible to die or ""lose.""What makes The Park so unnerving is not the bit where you're lost in a haunted amusement built to harvest the souls of the innocent. No, it's learning about Lorraine and her struggles as a mother. I don't want to give too much away, but this game is far more intimate and emotional than you'd expect from a horror game. It's over very quickly, but it's worth every penny."
76561198031831239,Recommended,402020,18714387,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,SiyZin,"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q3NoFV7Zne4Got to say that I fully enjoyed this game from start to finish. It's not often that I have my expections not realized and I say that in a good way here.  Every jumpscare I expected I got a different one coming from a different direction. And the one I was right about was still good enough to make me jump, literally, and I don't typiclly do that.The game does go into some serious issues concerning mental states but it does so a way that kind of eases you into the heavy stuff. By the end of the game I was speechless after putting SOME of the pieces together, even now I still can't tell what was real and what was a dillusion."
,Recommended,402020,18714425,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Melaciour,"Very hard hitting, wasn't quite sure what to expect going into it, and wasn't exactly the ""horror"" experience I thought it would be, so if that's what you're looking for your best bet might be elsewhere. But otherwise a very powerful game."
,Recommended,402020,18716496,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,stigrv,"A short, but disturbing experience. Feels like a mix between Among the Sleep and Silent Hill P.T. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,402020,18716724,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,LeMort Black,"Strong story-telling in this interactive short-story. When you add strong voice-acting, good story, spooky and well crafted setting you can't go wrong. If you're into horror, look no further for a little while.This isn't a game as such, but it's a strong experience that'll spook you more than once.And an advice, Hansel and Gretel; don't rush through, let the surroundings soak in."
,Recommended,402020,18714168,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,DarkGryph42,"I ran out of time to finish the game before work, but I have zero problems recommending it now. I usually don't get vocal when I play even horror games, and this one has had me yelping, ""THAT WAS NOT OK, GAME!!"" more than once. The atmosphere is fabulous, which doesn't surprise me from Funcom if you want the truth. Story has me engaged and I love that Lorraine is not who you would expect for a mom-looking-for-child character. I want to know more about her rather than just writing her off as someone I've seen before in a game. I'm liking the art as well, it's a very darkly pretty game.Very few jumpscares compared to many recent horror games, the few I've run into fit perfectly. If you're holding off thinking this is a Five Nights at Freddy's thing, you don't have to worry. (Could have told you that already, but with actualy gameplay I can confirm. ^^)While I am already a huge fan of The Secret World, I'd say you don't have to have played to enjoy this game. You'll get more fun out of the references if you have, but the game is perfectly enjoyable either way. Super thumbs up, I was pretty hyped for this game and am pleased to be able to report it has definitely exceeded my expectations! :)"
76561197995743576,Recommended,402020,18717945,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Ator-77,"Great story and voice acting, excellent mature writing. Slow and trippy.  Not much ""game "" in it, pretty linear story but has some exploration.   I managed to miss the entire first ride (that some reviewers found very slow).  Overall I liked it."
76561198030705776,Recommended,402020,18718412,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,ILLENIUM,10/10 First 5mins I was pulled in I love it and it's one of the best psychological horror games i've ever played and would like to see more SO GOOD JOB AND PEOPLE BUY THIS GAME IT'S AMAZING
,Recommended,402020,18719084,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,nblackburn,A atmospheric game that you can complete in a hour or two but one with big impact that will leave you chilled.
76561198324265652,Not Recommended,402020,33145552,Posted: 2 July,all,ashleynicley,"I only spent 5 dollars on this game and it was a waste. I finished in less than two hours and you don't even really play, its just a simulation"
,Recommended,402020,18738145,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Cinshadis,"I think that The Park is probably a different experience for those who've first lived in The Secret World.Like others have said, this isn't a game so much as a walk in the park...albeit the creepiest walk in the creepiest park.  The exposure is a fun experience that I'm glad I had, especially in the halloween season, and I'd gladly recommend it to anyone.  There's a mastery of atmosphere here, especially in the final area, that latches onto something deep inside the primal fear and scratches at it.  Madness.   Death.   Sicknesses of the heart and mind that grow more frightening the more you think about them, and this game makes you think about them.That said...for those who've played The Secret World, it's a special blend of nostalgia that's like having an old nightmare that used to be recurrent as a child.  Atlantic Park is a fairly involved quest hub in the second area of the MMO, but you only get to see it after everything has completely fallen apart.Glimpses into the park in in it's glory days in ""The Park"" are a kind of chilling wonderful, and the voice acting and storytelling serve as a canny guide, but vets of TSW pick up on many more details (such as references to the local academy and the ""Brooklyn crowd"" in notes), and for those of us who have seen what horrors Winter's plan eventually brings to the park and the surrounding island, there is a very real sense of ""hopeless hope"" that maybe somehow the future we know is coming will not come.If you like this game, Join us in The Secret World, where you'll get so many more creepy stories.If you're already a vet of TSW...buy this game.    Crack open a Bingo! Cola, and see how messed up Solomon Island already was before the bomb went off in Tokyo."
76561198035577863,Recommended,402020,33425959,Posted: 10 July,all,Silverdoe,"I have mixed feelings on this game. But calling it a game is rather generous. It's more of a walking simulator with a few jump scares thrown in. Despite saying that, I do recommend as I did find it fun and you can go on a few of the rides. I have always found amusement parks to be a little scary deep down and the game shows why rather well.My biggest complaint is that the ending brings up a few more questions that don't get answered but the narrative was solid.The graphics are decent, the story is very interesting and the atmopshere is rather chilling. It is pretty short and perhaps should only be purchased when on special. I don't think it is worth the full price."
76561198190869843,Not Recommended,402020,18802804,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Gogeta41,"The game itself is fun and a bit scary some jumpscares here and there nothing too serious, but the main problem in that this game is that its TOO SHORT i finished it in an hour+ i think its not worth the 10$. i have paid that amount for better and more fulfilling games.for 2$ game its worth it but not for moreoverall its a short and fun game to waste an hour NOTHING MORE."
76561198135300541,Not Recommended,402020,18819847,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,SpaghettiRag,"-I finished the game in less than 1.5 hours. (Any time over 1.5 is time I left the game in idle to get the Steam Trading Cards.)-There is zero replay value.-The ""game"" is more of a psychological interactive movie than a game. To expand: There is no way of dying, there is no open world aspect, the character development is not subtle in any capacity and is forced upon you in an aggressively fast paced environment.-I might recommend this game at the price of a couple bucks, but the 12$+ release price could only be considered a scam."
76561198048096911,Recommended,402020,18736865,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Miami,"Very creepy. Lots of fun!I read some people commenting on how short it is, etc.No... kidding.You were told that in the description and in the tech details.You're not paying for a game you'll sink 200hrs in. You're paying for a few hours of creepy fun.I's absolutely worth the 10 bucks."
,Recommended,402020,18818185,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,OhShadow,The game was built very well despite a few bugs. The voice acting was great and the idea was chilling. I just cant help but not feel surprised by the story at all. I was able to guess right away what is going on. I also feel that the story lacked  depth and was disappointed with the items you can pickup and read. I felt sometimes that I had to strain to read and get closer to the tv. This game is intended to be played very closely to a monitor. If the story was more developed and the actions that you take going through the park had more significance then I think it could have been much better.I think it was a strong effort so I will still recommend playing due to it being original. I am however disappointed with the price due to its shortcomings.
,Recommended,402020,18739995,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Grebdnull,"It took me roughly 2 hours to walk through this experience. I intentionally say experience instead of game, because that's what it was to me; it was an interactive movie. The quality of writing and voice acting is, as expected from a The Secret World tie-in, top notch, and the visuals are very good too. The pace at the beginning is a bit on the slower side, but it more than makes up for it halfway through the experience, and at the end, you're fully focused on what unfolds. Would I recommend this game/experience to others? Of course I would! It's well worth the 10€, and if you're an existing The Secret World player (or new for that matter, a trial is offered within The Park), you get some nice in-game bonuses (cosmetics and gear) to claim."
,Not Recommended,402020,22561357,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,SavvY,You HAVE to read EVERYTHING you see. i beat the game accidentally in an hour. You have 0 free will and this game is literally just telling a story absolutely nothing else
,Recommended,402020,18733428,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,RobbyFaul,"If paying $10 to own an interactive movie sounds worth it to you, this is definitely a game that you should pick up! It's a short, but polished, Lovecraftian horror experience that leaves you wanting so much more... In a good way!  Completing the game takes roughly 2 hours, and I've posted my own Let's Play series of the game on YouTube! If you're interested in seeing what this game has to offer, head on over to the link below, and check it out!http://youtu.be/efVJERNrrmw"
,Recommended,402020,18737380,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,BROMETHEUSv3000,I NEED MORE!
76561198078673632,Recommended,402020,18740173,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Melyc'inya,"Amazing, A+, fingers crossed Funcom continues to make this sort of thing until they run out of ideas. Which is hopefully never.I would say the Park is like an interactive movie--playtime is about the length of one, you can't die, and there's no quicktime or combat. You explore a horrifying amusement park while trying to find your child, and witness everything fall apart in something more immersive than a movie would be. If you prefer challenging content this probably won't be your cup of tea, but if you like a terrifying atmosphere and a dark horror story, I highly recommend checking it out.This game deals with depression (and how terribly it was handled in the 80s), and a pretty dark side of parenthood. There are also a few bright flashes on the rollercoaster, though nowhere near as bad as the trailer--they seemed pretty well spaced out, as I recall. Do exercise caution if any of these might be harmful or upsetting.The Park is tied in with the MMO The Secret World--it takes place in a location that exists in TSW and drops a few names, but in no way does it require having played TSW first. It's perfectly self-contained, and you won't lose any of the horror if you only play the Park. However, I do recommend at least taking advantage of the one-week trial this game gives you, because TSW has similarly strong story and atmosphere and the majority can be played solo if you so choose. It'll also give you reason to re-play the Park after you finish Solomon Island, to see what extra context you recognize.All in all, the Park is high on atmosphere, with a few jump scares and a lot of psychological horror that gets steadily heavier as you near the end.Q̖̣͖͔͍̭u͎̮͖̼̗̝͍͢a͟c̭̪̘k҉̖ ̠͈̤̲q̣̣̜̺̝͟ṷ̸̙̯̣ḁ̳̣͘ͅc͙͈k̲͔̺̖̲ ̸̘͚̟͖̰̹q̙͎͉̤̳̯ͅu̬̭̥ac̳̟͟k͕̪͔ ̹̬͕̭͖q̞͙̖̬̬u̪̗̬͙a͉̖̙͖͈̥͙c̫͚̭͍͢ḱ̦.̦"
76561198038059135,Recommended,402020,18717806,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,olavXO,An absolute masterpiece and worth every penny.It`s like a walk of shame through depressioen and has tons of emotions and brilliant moments.And instant favourite for me.Can be compared to Silent Hill.Bra jobba:)
,Recommended,402020,18727699,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Herr_Fuchs,"I don't know if I should recommend this or not. Though it can be very scary at times, I just don't the fact that they say it is very focused on storytelling, which it was not. I only got a little bit out of the story and expected everything to wrap up at the end, but it doesn't. What's the dark secret of the park they want you to discover? I don't know. I just didn't get it.The game's mechanics are pretty simple. You walk, you find notes, you read them, you continue walking. You can call for your son (whose name was so weird I can't seem to remember it) by right clicking, and I thought that was a pretty neat idea. But...WARNING: THE FOLLOWING CONTAINS SPOILERS.In the end it's pointless because you kill him by stabbing him with a halloweenpumpkin carving knife in the head? I don't know.This game is VERY obviously inspired by Five nights at Freddy's. I mean you can't get any closer. There's something that's basically like the bit of '87, but here it's a guy who worked there and they had to wear mascot suits (SOUND FAMILIAR?) who killed a bunch of teenagers  for no real reason in 1979. I guess they were also going for something similar to FNaF where people speculate and theorise about it and the other incidents mentioned in newspapers and notes you find in the game, but really, they're just too vague and not too interesting. There was something going on about a guy who needs energy for a machine that makes eternal life possible or something like that, but they never really explained that. There was also a note by someone saying his old school friend who was working in the park as one of those mascots got really weird and wanted to be called chad (the name of the mascot) from then on and never wanted to get out of the suit. Now, this is a really interesting idea. But it REALLY doesn't work. Guess why? It's never mentioned again. EVER.--SPOILERS OVER--In the end, The Park is one of those games you play once, get kind of scared, and then never play again except for a let's play or to try harder to get the story this time.6/10"
76561197999205106,Not Recommended,402020,29093349,Posted: 7 January,all,^^NLM^^,"The Park is another walking simulator game. The problem is that the game is too short and it doesn't have any terrifying moments.'Set in a creepy amusement park hiding a dark and sinister secret, The Park is a first-person psychological horror experience focused on exploration and storytelling.'Sorry but there's no horror experience nor any exploration. Psyhological and storytelling - maybe.Story - 5Gameplay - 4Graphics - 8Sound - 5-------------------Overall: 5.5-------------------*Although running in Unreal Engine 4, Graphics part received 8 due to numerous glitches and flickering issues."
76561198083068272,Recommended,402020,22670017,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,TheBeak,"Gory thrillseekers, jumpscare lunatics and those looking for mile a minute onslaughts of ghots and zombies probably won't get much out of The Park.  Much in the vein of Sylvio, The Park offers a bleak, desperate slow burn where you slowly explore your surroundings and deal with the mysteries at hand.  There's even less combat than Sylvio and despite The Park's slant towards a nail-gnawing walking simulator the game's formula works and have a way of digging its way under your skin thanks to some frightening flashback sequences, the main character's emotional breakdown and the fact that the deeper you go into the game the more helpless you feel.The premise is simple.  Mother Lorraine and her son Callum are about to head for home after a long day at the park but Callum left his teddy bear inside.  Despite Lorraine's rocky emotional past with her son she agrees to be the hero and find the boy's missing bear.  Within instants of being let back in the park to begin your search, it's obvious that evil forces trap you inside and soon Lorraine is on a journey filled with taunting phantoms, malfunctional amusement park rides, narrow escapes, suspenseful chases and all sorts of danger.  The game plays out like a point n' click adventure with the player tasked with tracking down the son by exploring all of the park's lucid areas, reading notes that reveal the park's history as well as the darkness in Lorraine's past.  Though you can't die and none of the puzzles are extremely difficult, you'll find the grim atmosphere begins suffocating the senses like a blanket of despair.  The establishment's supernatural denizens will play constant tricks on you, proving that your presence is unwanted.This game's got great atmosphere with rich graphics creating breathtaking environments, rich backgrounds, lush use of light and shadow and a design aesthetic that gives even The Park's rickety, rustic rides each a personality of their own.  Not only do the graphics create a noticeable feel of decay and isolation but the sound delivers as well with haunting drones, the sudden rumble of ressurected machinery, appropriately evil dialogue from the demons and Lorraine's mental/verbal battle with herself where she reveals some particularly disturbing revelations about motherhood.  This is the purest definition of a psychological horror game as it borrows influences from film including the works of David Lynch, Jacob's Ladder, The Machinist, Session 9, Tourist Trap, Funhouse and perhaps John Carpenter.  The experience really comes together in the dark on a good set of headphones.As for gameplay, things aren't too deep and there's not alot of actions to perform but they all make sense in the context of this cinematic gaming experience.  You can run, walk, collect/read documents, pick up an item or two, use a flashlight, ride the park's rides and interact with switches/levers and do whatever it takes to progress.  Sometimes time will violently warp between past, present and sheer madness, maintaining an aura of a creeping unknown dogging you until the game's very end.  The story held me in for the long haul and a late game sequence inside of a funhouse gets increasingly hopeless as it progresses.Though Steam can certainly cough up a few titles disguised as horror that end up being nothing more than incomplete garbage, The Park managed to captivate my attention from the beginning until the very end.  It took me roughly 4 hours to beat the game with all achievements and searching high and low for every single note to read and piece of the story.  Depending on how thorough you are it could take as little as 2 hrs to finish the game in a single sitting.  If anything, the game could have been longer because it really does grab you once you get into it but I got it on discount and was very pleased with my purchase.Pros:-Entrancing story well told through notes, collectibles, flashbacks and character monologue/dialogue.-Excellent setting makes for intense feelings of isolation.-Well-designed areas and nicely detailed graphics.-Hair-rising sound design.-Unfolds like an interactive movie with cool ride sequences.-Some truly spooky sequences and set pieces.-Fairly open set-up letting you progress somewhat how you want.Cons:-Pretty short even if you're an achievement hunter.-Not alot of challenge.-Minimal puzzle solving.-Really only incentives to play through once (unless you really liked the story, which I didOverall:  8/10Despite the short length and some of The Park's flaws, the story was engrossing and the game was hard to put down once I got started.  It's not a typical horror game and wants to deliver a few righteous blows to the player's psyche before all I said and done.  This probably isn't an adventure for everybody but those that enjoy a twisty plot, pitch black atmosphere and a sense of mystery with their adventuring should really enjoy Funcom's admirable efforts!"
,Not Recommended,402020,18779448,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Ducky the Bee,"As much as I was looking forward to play this game, I feel sorry for spending 10 euro on it.  Gameplay was very predictable, not much really happened.  I did like the atmosphere, but for a horror game it was just not scary at all! It was more a walking simulator.Only a little suspense, and it became pretty clear early in game that nothing would happen.  The sounds did not actually do anything. they were just background sounds. Actually, apart from 1 or 2  jump scares, nothing actually happened.I liked the idea of the way to use the voice as a guidance instead of an arrow or something, but it has not worked out well. (And actually turned out to be pretty useless). Also the story has some logical flaws.  It looks and feels just like a quick moneymaker. Could have been much more. Very disappointed.  Since i took it slow and read and reread all book covers and letters (Which is actually is the only thing what makes the game slightly interesting) , I am probably too late for a refund.  I did not expect it to be THIS short.  (I think if you just continue all the time and read fast,  it is < 1 hour play time)."
76561197977360985,Not Recommended,402020,20591751,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,knifehim simon,Fell asleep while playing it :(
,Recommended,402020,18718222,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,MelficeOne,"Man, is it just me or has it gotten P.T. in here? But I am skipping ahead.The Park is a Game by Funcom, the minds behind The Secret World and it plays in the Amusement Park from the same game. If you are solid in TSW Lore, skip this next paragraph if not this might helpAn old man decided to harness the magic power of Solomon Island, he did so by constructing a park and using it as a Magic Circuit. However, Usually those kinds of things never go well, and it so happens that the Magic very much tainted the Park. And so during construction and while the park was running terrible accidents and way too much death happened - Until the Player Character comes along and finishes/fixes what the old man once started.This game happens before that happens.The Park is one of those experiences you want to be over and you want that to be soon. In a good way. The game can be finished in about 2 hours and leads you through something I never really considered to be scars - a deserted Amusement Park at Night. (Given we are in ♥♥♥♥ed Up Land, but yes.)The Game opens with a message telling you that it ""might play around with control and Audio settings"" - just to f**k with you and yes, controls feel a bit sluggish at times, especially towards the end.the Story is conveyed through the Main character, a mother whose son ran off into the Park to look for his lost teddy bear, talking to herself and occasionally when you Press X To Jason. You will also find reports, Letters and newspaper clippings, but thats not the norm here.the Atmosphere is just creepy. the park is very small but still manages to creep the living♥♥♥♥♥♥out of me at times. when you step into the rides you'll find that the game does not play with the usual Horror Game Frights, but more relateable ones. Losing your kid in a Park, going 60+ on a Ferris Wheel. The fact that you can only look around on those... Really gives you an increased feeling of helplessnessAudio - there is almost no music, save for a few notes around some rides and soundwise I didnt pick much up either, However onething providing mild discomfort was that at times whey would play a Bassy sound.Overall the game is (very) short for its price, but an Experience to be had. It also extends on one of the major points in the first area of TSW.Honestly tho, this game left me with a lot more Questions than answers. Mostly because the end just churned my brain with very cryptic stuff"
76561198050656160,Recommended,402020,18726406,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Grimm87,There are no queues at the rides at all!! And you get a real theme park experience with a psyhotic womans narrative for only £7.69!!
,Recommended,402020,18736739,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Hank Hill,amazing game great story and graphics i made a play through of the game and was blown away by the ending.https://youtu.be/aw9tRz5Ru2k
,Recommended,402020,34460600,Posted: 24 August,all,Azir,"REVIEW MAY CONTAIN PLOT SPOILERSThe Park is a tragic horror game with a very complex, open to interpretation story.In my own interpretation, it shows the struggle of a single, abusive mother with a child after being left by her partner (whom she describes as ""dead"" throughout the game, and might have possibly even killed him in a fit of rage). As her life falls apart, she resorts to prescribed psychotic drugs to cure her depression (to which she becomes addicted), trying to contact one of her very old partners for help and alcohol. Her struggle against self-guilt and trying to justify herself as a good mother and blaming her son and everyone around her for her problems. She eventually breaks down and murders her son (and possibly ex-boyfriend).While this whole video game seems very deep and is a trip showing her life, I think it specifically focuses on an episode of her denying the murder of her son and pretending it never happened, her delusions grow more and more as she tries to wall-off the events of her life on bizarre reasons and fictional things.The ending shows her being questioned by a police man asking her questions about the where-abouts of her missing child.This is my opinion and interpretation of this game's deep and beautifully written story. 10/10."
,Recommended,402020,18738726,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,SlegdeFaceLift,this is a work of art!!!!!!! $10 you will not regret. if it was $20... maybe a small regret for the short story.
76561197971651541,Recommended,402020,18735331,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,SunZ,"Short and sweet.A very cool little game.Actually it totally has made me feel like play The Secret World again, which I havn't done in ages.Obviously I would have liked more... well more everything, more story, more stuff to do, more world.This could totally have more episodes.So yeah, give us MORE of this, thanks :D"
,Recommended,402020,18742101,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Ghost of Damdsa,"At the beginning I was annoyed, in the middle I was concerned. At the end, I was scared. fuq me mon."
,Recommended,402020,19040617,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,geekl33tgamer,"Turn the lights off, play alone. Wear headphones. Clean pants on standby.10/10 - Would pee my pants again!"
,Not Recommended,402020,22599099,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Taller-Paul [iRiSHMAN],"What on earth did i just buy nevermind just play ... this game has less excitement than firewatch ,,,, i started up the game it crashed 5 minutes wasted, bought on sale originally £9.99 current price was £6.00 got geared up for a gaming sesh of some frights .... ok i had a couple of jumps with simple trick of the mind scenario nothing major, i missed a couple of achievements no biggie but when i got to the end i was Umm.... was that it ... did i miss something nope completed the game in 1 hour 10 mins, the other 10 mins was checking an email and a random crash ... so yeah .... not worth the money.Is the only way to get the trading cards to idle it? if you can complete the story in less than 2 hours, i would buy this game if it was in a dollar bundle but nevermind full price of £9.99 even at £6.00 it has no play value and as someone else said no replay value + it seems to be an add on for a world that exists inside their MMO"
76561198048422402,Recommended,402020,23228120,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Götterdämmerung,"I love The Secret World mmorpg and would like to see more of these short single player stories add flavour to the rich mythology of the franchise.It is a bit short at around 2 hours with all achievements but I do not expect every game to be an epic.It is also on rails so do not expect a great deal of exploring.I still rather enjoyed it for what it is...However, the presentation while ""almost"" great, would have been made infinitely better had the game not so often chugged through both the audio and video.This broke any sense of immersion or suspense and perhaps some optimization is in order.You do not need to be familiar with The Secret World mmorpg to play and understand this game but it definitely adds a level of depth if you are.The talismans this game provides for The Secret World accounts are top notch as well.While I recommend it, I would say wait for a sale due to the length and optimization issues."
,Recommended,402020,26067260,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Cyanine,"Spooky but not too spooky. Sound in the game is doing alot for the atmosphere. If you like the superscary horror game genre then I guess this game could be too vanilla for you, but for me it was just the perfect amount of scary elements. I also liked that is very hard to get lost or lose focus on what you are supposed to do. Since I'm not that hardcore horrogame-player, I specially liked this. It made me actually finish the game haha!Also - the cards you get are valuable (atleast when I wrote this review)."
,Recommended,402020,23803854,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,CorvusCorax,"Released last year by Funcom, The Park is one of those walking simulators where you do not have enemies who can kill you, you do not have levels to complete and you do not have a boss battle at the very end of your story. However, you do have an interesting storyline with psychological and supernatural elements.You walk around in an amusement park controlling Lorraine who wishes to find her son. Callum has just run inside for no apparent reason - Lorraine is getting more and more desperate as night falls quickly and she begins experiencing one hallucination after the other. This creepy, dark and haunting environment is superbly brought to life thanks to the latest iteration of the Unreal engine. Lorraine's voice acting is also great and it accompanies the story very well.Since this is a walking simulator you should not expect it to last longer than 2 hours. This is common and perhaps represents the only downside of the game. But then again this is common in this genre - you do not have many items you can interact with (mainly notes); they all help you understand the story (not just Lorraine's but that of the fun park).If you like the genre you'll probably enjoy the ride - as for rides: Lorraine has the possibility to try almost all carnival rides. These are perhaps the most unsettling parts of the game and are there to shed light on the background of the story. Whilst a bit too short and pricey (even with 50% discount) The Park represents a great adventure that can certainly be very entertaining."
,Not Recommended,402020,20630932,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Bal2g,"This game was by far one of the worst horror games I have ever experienced. It's slow phased as ♥♥♥♥, and there's literally nothing creepy about the game other than the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ controls and the slow♥♥♥♥♥sprint. You can't ♥♥♥♥ing move when the character you are playing is talking, and the game is literally stealing their story from old german fairy tales and other useless♥♥♥♥♥♥For everyone that is considering to buy this game, don't. It's ♥♥♥♥ing terrible. I wouldn't pay more than 1,5€ for this utter garbage.Positive sides of the game:- Nice graphics- Kid looks like a kid- Woman you play looks like a junkieNegative sides:- Imagine every aspect of the game, a part from the positive sides mentioned above"
,Not Recommended,402020,21004468,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,☠ DARK910 ☠,لعبة ما تستحق هذا سعر أبد أبد أبد تستحق من5 ريال وخمسة ريال كثيره عليه بعد
,Recommended,402020,18714464,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Mornington Crescent,"I enjoyed the game. It was a little choppy here and there, but a solid, steadily paced example of the horror genre. There were some genuine scares - trying to move backwards at one point and suddenly backing into something, for example.I'd try it. Obviously you'll get a lot more out of it with the quiet references if you're a TSW player, but even if not, I feel it's a fine example of the secret world"
76561197960700370,Recommended,402020,18716623,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,camari,"This is the first game since Doom that actually scared me. If you, like me, often gets bored with long and slow gameplay, and never finish a game, then try this! Good graphics, good story. 9/10."
,Not Recommended,402020,18783592,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Scion,Poorly optimised.Not very spooky concidering the source material.Probably the lest likable protaginist I have even had the displeasure of playing as
,Recommended,402020,22612460,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Emil Haukeland,"Not especially scary I think, there was a couple of times there :-)Took me about two hours to complete."
,Not Recommended,402020,25457748,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,"Ren ""I´ll KILL YOU!"" Höek","I bought this title after a couple of rather intriguing experiences with atmospheric walking simulators (Gone Home, Dear Esther, The Vanishing of Ethan Carter, Layers of Fear etc.) and quick look to reviews of this ""gamelike novella"" were promising.The Park is short, very short and while some aspects of the story are interesting and somewhat well built, the ending sadly seems to miss the target utterly and completely.Feels like it is meant to totally different novella.And you really have nowhere else to go than where the story points. That would be acceptable, if the story would hold its composition, which it does not.Pros:No stupid jump scares (actually, no jumpscares at all)atmosphere to a pointoverall performance (i.e. how it runs)cons:shortlack of coherenceshort"
,Recommended,402020,18715104,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,MadderRed,"A short, interactive horror story. Not much of a game, really, as there's no 'challenge' other than enduring the slow walking pace. No puzzles to solve, no monsters to defeat, just a narrative to experience. There aren't forks in the narrative, either, so it's the same story for every player. It's a good story and well told, nicely atmospheric and does a good job of working with the same type of visual and narrative style as The Secret World. Probably best purchasing for under $5, however, as it's really not that long."
76561198055889824,Not Recommended,402020,18803403,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Zayla,Not bad scares but I didn't get answers and I feel this should've been cheaper. Cool Concept but if you play it you'll understand the disapointment. I was a huge lead on to an uncertain ending.
,Not Recommended,402020,18794494,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,CLiC,"Boring and SLOOOOOOOOOOOOOWGAMEPLAY:The Park is incredibly frustrating to play. The bigest thing is that it takes about an hour and a half to complete the game. However the ACTUAL game is probably only 30 minutes long.This is because when you go to almost any point of interest in the game, the game takes the controls away from you and goes on auto-pilot to deliver mediocre ""scares"" and sub par narration. Never before have I played a game that made me put the controller down for so long.It also has a run button that is removed EVERY time that the player character starts narrating(which is a LOT).The game also likes to mess with your screen Amnesia style. Causing pulsating blurs and worping effects when your supposed to be scared. Alls this does is tell me that the game is begging and assuming me to be scared. When in reality it's actually just annoying and forces your character to walk instead of run, slowing the game down even more.STORY:The game is about as subtle as a sledgehamer to the groin. Right off from the begginng of the game(The Parking Lot) I had guessed the plot of the game.[SPOILTER ALERT]By the parking lot I figured the lady was crazy, by the escalator I figured she killed her kid[END OF SPOILTER]Also there's no clear and present danger to be scared of. I get that is psychological horror, but still that's just stretching the meaning of the word horror. I wasn't scared once during this game. Every jump scare I saw coming, and every possible danger I knew wasn't dangerous because the game took away my controls and went into auto-pilot.Even the big antagonist I wasn't scared of, I actually would run towards this ""threat"" instead of away from it. In fact I thought the antagonist was the best part of the game and wished I saw more of it.FINAL THOUGHTS:The game is not scary, it's not fun to play, I even question calling it a game since most of it just auto-pilot.The game is WAY too short for it's price tag 1 1/2 hours maybe 1/2 an hour if you remove auto-pilot and times when you're forced to walk instead of run.I suspect that this game is nothing more that an advert for Secret World and for players of Secret World to buy this game to see a piece of their MMO in better graphics and of course for the exclusive items you get from buying The Park.Needless to say I do not recommend this game. I have no idea why it has a ""Mostly Positive"" rating on Steam at the time of this review. I suspect that it's just Secret World fan boys freaking out, but this ""game"" isn't worth your time or money."
,Recommended,402020,18718452,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Belidos,"All i can say is wow, it was a well written and very atmospheric story, a wild ride in psychological horror without the insecsent zomby killing prevelant in the genre lately, probably the best buy this year for me."
,Not Recommended,402020,18830586,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Hepheastus,"$10 game, beat it in an hour.  Would have been less if I didn't look in every nook and cranny.Became super annoyed at the narrative on multiple occasions, main character came off as pouty and self absorbed.  Narrative literally went from ""The warmth of our love"" to ""HE OWES ME EVERYTHING"" within minutes, almost seconds.  Could not become attached or even empathetic.  Mixture of annoyance and irritation caused me not to be very frightened or react properly to jump scares.Graphical glitches, especially through the mirrors, were distracting.  Detested when the game took away the controls from me when not warranted.Only use the right click shout hint mechanic ONCE, when I was trying to turn the flashlight on.This game is extremely linear I don't know why a player have a need to use it.(Spoilers)Instead of screaming or gasping from fright, I laughed... twice.  First time in the scene when your rollercoaster hit the kid in a comical manner.  The second when the antagonist blocked an exit with his body and yelled ""GO BACK THE OTHER WAY"".  You could make him repeat this forever by just constantly ramming into him.The second to last game plot would have been ground breaking if I didn't already experience it in P.T.And to finish it off with an ending I was able to see from a mile away.This was a Gone Home clone with some jump scares.  Color me unimpressed.Pick this game up if you really want to play it in a humble bundle or when it's eventually $1.Or pick it up at full price, you're an adult who can make their own choices.  Maybe you'll like an overly whiny and overbearing script with recycled horror material.""Valve will, upon request viahelp.steampowered.com, issue a refund for any reason, if the request is made within fourteen days of purchase, and the title has been played for less than two hours.""... Sounds like a plan."
,Recommended,402020,18710536,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,MNX,"I enjoyed it, Got some great jump scares and I was only intending on playing a few minutes but ended up staying for the whole thing.I'll be playing it for sure again... maybe this time I'll read the ""notes"" you find scattered about. :P"
76561198119415963,Not Recommended,402020,18814079,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,InFast',"That price is too high, i finished the game in 45-60 m, and i crashed a couple times, annoying.. Thats why i have 2.7 h on this game... like... -.- Not worth it.."
,Recommended,402020,27132790,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Revenge,⁢
76561197965916889,Not Recommended,402020,20494456,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Dalyon,"I feel like as if I'm supposed to discover a much deeper meaning to it all, and that I should be ashamed if I don't understand the story beyond the obvious that's presented, if there is any.But I'm going to say that I wasn't too impressed. In a silent hill-esque manner your life story is unraveled bit by bit as you proceed through ""The Park"" in a not too subtle manner. I appreciate the story focus, the atmosphere succeeded in leaving a lingering dread and the sound design was alright.With just an hours worth of playtime I can't exactly say I feel like the overall game was enough to make me appreciate the somewhat clichéd story. The psychological effects were pretty subtle yet nicely disturbing at first but more or less became predictable later on as the game tries to throw spookiness at you left and right up to a, in my opinion, an unsatisfying climax."
,Recommended,402020,20713360,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Gwydion,"i thoroughly enjoyed this game.  Jump scares were minimal and it was really the overall atmosphere that made this game scary.  There were things i thought didn't match up, and i was wondering why.  Then i got to the end and it all made sense.  The scenery is tense, the music and tones are extremely appropriate, and the screen effects were a very nice touch and captured the feeling of fear extremely well.  This game deals with issues that are rarely and almost taboo to even touch on but its approached in such a gradual way (even for such a short game) that i felt for the main character.  I would recommend this game hands down, no questions asked.  I understand its part of a bigger world but i haven't played the game that this is sectioned off of though i may now look in to it."
76561198115655396,Recommended,402020,20760357,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,Darth Glitterfart,"Loved it! gave me a few jumps and times when i said ""WTF""!!! i highly recommend this game but wait until its on sale."
76561198130148306,Recommended,402020,20775152,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Lunatica,CREEPY LITTLE GAME WITH A PRETTY GOOD BACKSTORY. JUMP SCARES ARE TYPICAL BUT PLENTY EFFECTIVE.GAME:10CONTROLS:9JUMP SCARES:9ATMOSPHERE: +10STORY: 9OVERALL: 9.9HIGHLY RECOMENDED
,Recommended,402020,20785712,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Soldja,Great game for achievement hunting! If this is an indie developer (asumming it is). Then they did a good job with this game. I felt a scared at a few points. Like in the sideshow alley a little bit and the ending with the babies were scary. Good game.ProsShort and FunCool achievementsAlright Graphics with good particle effectsGreat story!ConsNot to scaryNot to many ridesCould be a little longer ( a little)
,Recommended,402020,20792382,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,NightRaiyu,"got the the ferris wheel, very spooky love it so far."
,Recommended,402020,20883643,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,PsychGamer,"What can I say about The Park...? Well, it was a psychological thrill ride from start to finish; many reviews you'll see claim the game can be finished in an hour, or even half an hour if you rush and don't attempt to unravel the mystery. That's part of the fun, though; I played the game with my boyfriend at my side, and we both watched on as the story of the regretful mother began to unfold. The scenery is well-designed and eerie, the voice acting is especially disconcerting at times, and everything about the game came together so nicely to tell the story. Fans of The Secret World will recognize the location, but even without the background knowledge from that game one can enjoy the story as it develops. What, exactly, is happening at Atlantic Island Park? You'll have to play to find out. Some have argued the cost is too high for the length of the game, but with everything you get I'd say it is well worth it."
,Not Recommended,402020,20961564,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Wirt,"I wasn't... crazy about this game.... atmospherically it was really cool, but the storyline was a big turn-off for me and leaned way too heavily on the 'the protagonist was crazy all along!' sort of tropes that just... felt... weird. I think i missed a couple of the notes, so I might've missed some pieces, but overall it's a very very short game with a kinda boring/cliche/annoying storyline (as someone with a mental illness who is kinda sick of them being used as horror tropes tbh).That being said, I really enjoyed the first half or so/before the big finale 'witch' trope was introduced. I thought the rides themselves and the clever use of the strange creature on those rides was really spooky and neat, especially with the octoride and the rollercoaster, and I really enjoyed the usage of the mystery aspect and kinda piecing together the story yourself. It's just the story introduced at first was a lot more intriguing than the mother/son story overall, and once it got to the 'big finale' I found myself really not enjoying the game at all.Overall, not recommended to buy. Might be worth a watch of a let's play."
,Recommended,402020,20998181,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Daeldra,"This is an interesting psychological horror ""narrative experience"". Interactivity is limited, but feels decent. Not really any jump scares, except when realistically appropriate (it's set at fun park, jump scares exist in fun parks). This game enhances The Secret World, but very little in it is enhanced by knowing what's in The Secret World."
76561197983077931,Not Recommended,402020,21010970,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Presto,"Nice atmsophere, but it drags and the story can be confusing. The ending is rather simple though."
76561198084295743,Recommended,402020,21022360,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,synonym,"Finished in 3 hours.  I was disappointed by the length of the game.  I agree with some of the other comments that maybe it'd be more worth it if it was on sale for only $5.Having said that, the game was actually pretty cool.  It's totally all about the atmosphere and has very little actual gameplay (for instance, all you can do it walk/run and click on things to examin them, there's no inventory, you can't even jump).  It's a bit like being in a horror film.  I think the game is perfect for what it was trying to achieve but I also think it's for a very niche market.Personally, I love horror games like this.  And i jumped out of my skin more than once.Overall, it's a good game.  Others say the story line was weak, I didn't think so.  I'd recommend it but just know that it's only a 2-3 hr game.Cheerio."
,Recommended,402020,21044396,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Ants In My Eyes Johnson,"Good quick spooky game!kept my on the edge of my seat, and even the jump scares that I knew were coming still got me....."
,Recommended,402020,21062032,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,HockeyFanForever1996,"Great atmosphere, and gameplay.Story really had me hooked, especially the murder mystery about the mascot.But sadly only about a 4-6 hour game, but overall great game!9.75/10"
,Recommended,402020,21091939,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Inochi-PM,"This game was a really fun experience since i was jumping at every little sound that it blared into my eardrums, the story was okay but it could do for a sequal or an update to the original story since it was mildly confusing at times.Though i had a bit of lag issue with it since im on a laptop i couldnt get it to run without some lag with all settings turned down low and off lmao.All in all if this got a sequal i would buy it."
76561197970678621,Not Recommended,402020,21112163,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Talfureman,"""The Park"" is way too short (~90 minutes of game play, and that's being generous).  It's over so quickly that you never really have the chance to develop any real feeling for the main character (Lorraine) or her son (Callum).  Plus, it only gives you the briefest of glimpses into the game world from ""The Secret World"", which is a shame, since that game has way more interesting story lines and truly difficult quests.  I liken ""The Park"" to a Hollywood spinoff of a successful show that never lives up to its predecessor.  It's basically a money grab on Funcom's part.  The only real benefit (if you can call it that) I got out of it was the costumes for ""The Secret World""."
,Not Recommended,402020,21114643,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,LordHelm224[PHD],"This game is short with very little in the way of guidence, which in some cases, that is great, however this isnt an open world game, and makes very little sense throughout. While there were some good jump scares, it became monotonous and the monolauge was randomly placed and fairly uninformative. I took away that this lady is a horibble mother who hates her child, and has some underlying issures, but other than that, not a lot of story here. The game also includes additional items for another game if you log in to the account "" The Secret World"" so thats kind of neat. 4/10"
,Not Recommended,402020,21129521,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Exarphcomanantabitom,"I bought this going off all the positive reviews and after completing Firewatch in one sitting I figured I'd give this a go (kinda new to the whole narration, psychological horror). What. The. Hell. Not entire sure what has just happened. But I think I need to sleep it off. Very, very short (took less than an hour to complete) not entirely sure what the story was about, I have my own ideas but one or two bits lead me to think otherwise.Can I get a refund?????"
76561197966554525,Not Recommended,402020,21156016,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Twitch.tv/Shadowrunner80,"The play time I had on this game was a little under an hour and a half. While overall the game had superb atmosphere, the pacing seemed to be a bit off, and there just wasn't enough story-telling to make it worth the money I spent, even on sale. There were a few jump scares that worked but most of it was cheap and mostly came at the end of the game. The over-saturation of jump scares right at the end took away some of the creepiness. I want to like the game more but it just didn't have the legs to last, the content was overall light and unfortunately didn't allow for much in the way of character development. The only true scary character in the game, which I wanted to learn more about was Chad, and he only makes a few brief appearances. This game had all the right pieces to the puzzle, it was just assembled in a haphazzard way, that didn't really work. Overall I'd give this game a 6 out of 10."
76561197981024879,Not Recommended,402020,21198971,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Melphina,Yeah I get that it's a walking simulator. Yeah I get that it's only 90 minutes but dang. It was not engaging at all. I'm very susceptable to creepy atmospheres and good story telling. This had only one of the two. I really didn't enjoy this game.
,Not Recommended,402020,20495194,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Natskygge,Worst. Game. I. Have. Ever. Played...
,Not Recommended,402020,20720355,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,One Step Ahead Delcat,"I really wanted to like this game.  It came so close.  But at the end, it's tepid at best, and it definitely left me with a bad taste in my mouth.I enjoy experience games and walking simulators, and I enjoy short games.  The play time felt just right to me, and there weren't any bugs or lag.  I liked the atmosphere, I liked the idea, I liked the environments.  There are some solid moments in here, including one of the best-executed scares I've seen in a while--theswan headmoment is perfection in subtlety, unreality, and understated terror.Unfortunately, that happens within the first twenty minutes of the game, and it's all downhill from there.From the beginning of the game I was already going""Sorry about your definitely dead son that you very definitely killed by the way you're in a mental institution none of this is really happening"".  Seriously, from the opening lines.  It's not at all subtle.  With obvious dark magic tomfoolery gadding about, I was hoping that one of the other plotlines alluded to would go somewhere, but they devolved into cliches.  Actually, the entire game devolved into cliches.  The first few scares are inexplicable and intriguing, but they have explanations slapped onto them fast and hard.  WHAT'S BEHIND THE MYSTERIOUS MASCOT?Some college kid who was driven to yawn-worthy slaughter by eldritch abominations.WHAT WAS THAT THING GLIMPSED FROM THE OCTOTRON?Literally the Babadook, also eldritch abominations.WHAT IS THE SECRET OF THE PARK?Blahblahblah eldritch abominations, you get to a point where you look away in secondhand embarrassment every time they ""cleverly"" put in a glaring Lovecraft reference, culminating in the maximum cringe of WARRIOR CTHULHU t-shirt on the damned dead kid at the end.By the end of the game, there are literally bleeding walls, ""scary"" children's drawings, ""eerie"" nursery songs, dismembered baby dolls, the ""throw a dart at the Horror section of Netflix"" works.  Nothing we haven't seen before a zillion times,unless you count the so very dead kid drawing and labeling a carrot on an otherwise unrelated message JUST SO THEY COULD GET ""ROT"" OUT OF IT.That is admittedly some new levels of ham-fisted.If it had been just cliches, I could have left the game a little disappointed but remembering it fondly.  But the obvious reveal of the primary antagonist to bethe mother herselfmade me distinctly uncomfortable for a number of reasons.  Spoilers abound, so:Look, I'm not saying there's no such thing as bad mothers, or abusive mothers.  Far from it.  I think another game (the title of which I will not reveal as it's a spoiler for it) handled the idea quite well, making the mother the antagonist but a character you could understand and sympathize with while still disliking.  Lorraine, on the other hand, is a mess of a character.  Are we supposed to sympathize with her, hate her, what?  The game offers a little room for us to sympathize, but then seems to demand it back, leaving us in the uncomfortable position of being expected to hate a single mother on welfare battling serious depression.  Seriously, that is what we're intended to vilify here.  Someone in an absolutely awful situation doing the best she can.  Because...oh no!  She takes PRESCRIPTION MEDICATION!  For a condition that we see point-blank causes her to have terrible psychotic episodes!  What a terrible mother you are, Lorraine.And then it's also eldritch abominations or something.  Of course.  Game, do you even KNOW what you want?  Other than people to buy The Secret World?So, yeah.  Gameplay?  Fine.  Length?  Fine.  Atmosphere?  Awesome.  Idea?  Great.  Execution?  Pretty nice.  Predictable plot falling apart into so many unused threads you could make spaghetti out of them with eye-rolling cliches as the sauce?  Dealbreaker.Give this one a pass, you have other places to lay out your cash."
76561198067936737,Not Recommended,402020,20832216,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,Z-Quinn,"where should i start?!!!!SPOILER!!!! ( if not brought)well the only posetive things i can point out, is Chad ( pretty cute) and the Rollercoaster ride ( pretty cool)but the rest? LIKE THE **** .. what a waste of time,the swan ride in the beginning, why? why so god damn long? like wow..it cost 12.99 , it should be like 5??the graphics, yeah pretty cool.the animations, could have been better i guess, i mean, in the rides you can only look infront of you, barely on the sides, and then look waaaaaay up in the sky... but no... nooo... you can't LOOOK ****** BEHIND YOU?? like are you that stiff?i woulnt buy it if i where you, but im not you so go a head :3chad is pretty cute so i guess 6/10 :3"
76561197976045691,Not Recommended,402020,20904971,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,johnodd4,not bad but major problems  and plot holes keep this from being worth the 12.99
,Not Recommended,402020,21238943,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Kroon,Only enjoyable with type 4 or stronger autism.
76561198040626809,Not Recommended,402020,29749430,Posted: 6 February,all,Precix,"You're tasked with finding your child who ran into a closed amusement park, yet you do take your time to read all newspaper articles which are laying around. There is no real sense of urgency when you (...spoiler...) even though you are trying to find your child. Nope, this game makes no sense either as a game or as a story. I would suggest buying Dear Esther instead."
,Recommended,402020,20501016,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Jib Jib,"If you're an achievement hunter, get this game cause you can get all the achievements in one run. The game, it's alright"
,Recommended,402020,18716390,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,reapersanimereaction,Get this game its absolutely amazing and well done!
,Recommended,402020,18715926,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,AntuSkydancer,"Despite my preparations via The Secret World, this game was far creepier than I had expected. Largely foregoing cheap jumps for psychological horror, I recommend this game for anyone who wants a good horror game that doesn't devolve into shooting zombies."
,Recommended,402020,19454076,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Miro Semberac,"Tips for enjoying game.1- Be dark night with no moon, your blinds will be closed anyway, but can't have any light getting in.2- Have a good set of headphones that do surround/3d sound or whatever the marketing people call it.3- Have volume turned up to the max4- have clean set of underwear on stand by or wear a pair or 5 of adult nappies/diapers5-??????????6- Profit and enjoy having that nice warm mushy feeling in your pants.."
76561197963167566,Not Recommended,402020,18782674,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,griff805,"Not a fan of this ""game"". Maybe for 5 bucks it would have been worth it, but for 10 it should have allowed me to do a bit more than just push the W key and move the mouse... No choices in the game to make, just basically push buttons and watch the movie. Got very repetitive at the end. I was expecting something a little more like the Myst series, so maybe that's why I was disappointed with this movie thing."
76561198126913441,Not Recommended,402020,18778649,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Draugar,"Surprisingly bad, sadly :/ I assume this is more female mindsets rather than a person that enjoy walking alone in the woods in pitch darkness without any light. Tho, I were expecting more from this. The game ""Among the sleep"" did it so much better."
,Recommended,402020,18780967,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,TwiTcн ✪ Voятex,"Buy It on saleI admire Funcom's (developer) effort with this experimental take on the genre but If you're looking for pure horror, maybe go elsewhere. The creepy looking park isn't going to wow anyone from a visual standpoint, but the effects involved are cool-looking and did scare me a couple of times. The story was interesting but hoped for more!Why you should buy it on sale?Because its just too short, less than 2 hours...and for the full price it's just not worth it!"
,Recommended,402020,18769693,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,JeffTheSquid,This game was great and alot of fun to play. Fantastic story line along with being rather creepy especially towards the end.You can see gameplay of it herehttps://www.youtube.com/channel/UCdsoWlgjXrIRug2RnP5nRYA/videos(My Yt)Get this game while it is on discount! Worth.
,Recommended,402020,18717113,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Doctor Redacted,"I enjoyed the game and would reccoommend it.Pros:Interesting atmosphereGood graphicsFamiliar settingRides were fun cinematicsGood storyCons:The jumpscares were extremely predictableNever felt ""In danger"" or on edge (YMMV )Length of cinematics vs. overall gameWritten notes were hard to read due to text sizeI feel that my major complaint is that the game does not have more content.Certain cinematics parts felt painfully long and I found myself wanting to get on with the game only to find out there was not much left."
,Not Recommended,402020,18781223,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Trash Panda,"All aboard the nope train. Where do I even start? Dry jumpscares, annoying voice acting, and predictable storyline. It's a short, narrative story to boost your Halloween spirit. But tbh, I think you should spend it on Outlast or Amnesia instead. I'm already 30 mins into it and I'm thinking to myself, ""Give me back my $10...""I can't stress on how they need to improve on the game mechanics. Geezusss. Throughout the game you'll also find notes. Bring out your reading glasses guys & gals. Or not. You're not missing out much when you don't read 'em because you simply just can't. The protagonist's face also left more scares in me than the game itself. Dem graphics doe...nghhhh.Edit: Just finished. Clocked in at 1.7hrs but that's mainly because I left the game on. Very linear, not much to explore. The ending takes some aspects from another demo...felt almost unoriginal. Relies largely on jumpscares and strange dialogue. Ending left a bad taste in my mouth. *sigh*"
,Recommended,402020,18717799,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,OregoX,"!i Kann Spuren von Spoiler beinhalten i!The Park:Die Idee is gut, aber die Umsetztung gefällt mir nicht so...Gameplay:Das ist eigentlich simple. Du hast eine normal FP-Steuerung ohne springen oder einer Taschenlampe. (Zumindest 90% des Spieles) Es geht darum euren Sohn Cullom zu suchen, falls es so richtig geschrieben ist. Währendessen fährt man die Attracktionen ab. 6 Attraktionen sind es, wobei du nur 5 davon fahren kannst.Wie bereit erwähnt, find ich die Idee gut, aber leider ist es bei mir mit 2.2h ziemlich kurz. Hab es am selben Tag ausgespielt und auch alle Achievements bekommen.Ich würde einen Stern abziehen dafür.★ ★ ★ ★ ☆Grafik:Die Grafik ist schön und gefällt mir, obwohl ich mit der passenden Gamma-Einstellung schwierigkeiten hatte. Ist aber nichts Schlimmes.★ ★ ★ ★ ★Story:Ich hab die Story nicht 100%-ig verstanden, aber das Spiel will was mit Hänsel und Gretel machen. (Zumindest kam es öfters vor.) Die Story ist nicht so schlecht, aber ich will auch keinen Hammerspoiler abgeben, also geb ich mal 5 Sterne.★ ★ ★ ★ ★Weltendesign:So wie es für mich aussieht ist es ein Park irgendwo im Bergigen Wald... Ist aber nicht schlimm. Bis auf die ziemlich kleine Welt find ich sie gut gestaltet. Bekommt aber einen Stern abzug.★ ★ ★ ★ ☆Atmo:Ich weiß nicht so ganz. Das Spiel ist nicht wirklich Horrormäßig oder Grußlig. Es hat mir einfach was gefehlt. Die ""Horror""-Effekte waren auch ein bisschen vorraussehbar und nicht alzu viele. Ich zie dieses mal 2 Sterne ab, sonst wird das Rieview zu gutmütig für das Spiel.★ ★ ★ ☆ ☆Nunja für 13€ bzw. 10€ beim -23% sale ist es mir zuwenig. Bisschen mehr Attracktionen wären nett... Also ich würde sagen: Wartet bis das Spiel so 5€ kostet. Aber ich würde nicht sagen, dass es völlig daneben ist, deshalb auch ein Daumen hoch. ;)"
,Not Recommended,402020,18978646,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Sheepy the Grimdark,"So, here's the thing. I want to like The Secret World more than I do. I love the writing, I just hate the things I have to do to get to the story.... also the game has so many monsters it's a little immersion breaking.So, as soon as I got wind that they made a single player horror game set in the same setting? Gave them my money as fast as I could.The game itself is fine. I liked exploring the park. I liked walking around and reading the clues. It got very intense towards the end. I enjoyed the atmosphere. I found the voice acting to be pretty fantanastic at time and felt imense pity for the mother trying to find her kid. The game gets a lot of things right is what I'm trying to say.Problem: The payoff is kinda weak.The game is way too open ended. Normally I could forgive that but.... everything about it is open ended. You can't have a open ended story without some kind of facts or grounding. There are too many explainations for what happened, and the evidence for each possibility is kinda weak. I feel like it's a better story if you don't play The Secret World because it eliminates some of these options.It feels less like a coherant story, and more like a English major's wet dream.... which considering one line the character drops it kind of is."
,Recommended,402020,32613765,Posted: 21 June,all,ZealousChameleon,"headphones, darkness enjoy"
,Recommended,402020,20619951,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,✿Lehuanani | DatWahine808✿,I Loved the story line. Gave me the same feels that I had back when I played Among the sleep! The Jumpscares were deffinitly on point of which I nearly crapped myself a couple times. The Ending was pretty much what I had expected it to turn out to be once I progressed through the story line.10/10 - Will forever be terrified of Chipmunks and refer this game to friends!
,Not Recommended,402020,25896978,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Flallen,Only play if you are familiar with The Secret World. The experience isn't worth its own weight otherwise.
76561197964798094,Recommended,402020,21713656,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,MadAsAHatter,"An enjoyable 90 minutes experience with occasional jump scares, that is heavyly inspired by Silent Hill.The good:- Main character's (voice) acting is believable- short, depressing story delivered in slow pace- creepy atmosphere, nice screen effects- overall graphics are goodThe bad:- it's over in not even 90 minutes (and I explored everything and read everything)- too slow towards the ending.The ugly:-occasional pop-ups of (mostly) trees and bushes-the main characters visuals: not her 'appearance' but the way the is modelled and textured looks like she fell out of a game made in 2004. But you can only see her image in a few mirrows and cutscenes, so no big deal."
,Recommended,402020,18715932,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Dr Strangelove,"The Park is a short, but well crafted Psychological Horror Experience. There are a few Jumpscares thrown in for good measure, but (almost) no gore and no combat, however it has a very intense Atmosphere, especialy during the 2nd half."
76561197974437770,Recommended,402020,18714550,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,K-TIZZLE,"Once again, the writers over at Funcom prove how well they can adapt Lovecraftian into their own way of telling twisted stories. This isn't a jump in your seat type of horror game (though there were a couple of moments that did cause this), this is all about the mind games.It is a short adventure, but that definitely doesn't take away from the experience at all, it grips you along every step of the way. And once again, Funcom leave you in a state of ""wait... what the F***?!"" that requires a sit down and put all of the peices together to understand what exactly just happened. Thoroughly enjoyed the adventure and would love for this to become a regular thing and/or part of The Secret World game itself as it kept to the lore of the park within the TSW universe very well."
76561198052284747,Recommended,402020,28750447,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,darrenthered,This is wonderfully atmospheric with a great little narrative and some nicely creepy bits. As a stand alone product a lot of the joys of this game will be lost on people but for those of us who spend hours in The Secret World there are numerous links to the TSW lore and characters which make it all the more enjoyable. Let's be honest this is pretty darn short and rrp is over the top for what you get but really worth picking up on sale to get a feel for what TSW can bring.
76561198023785489,Recommended,402020,29219307,Posted: 13 January,all,SirisC,Enjoyable but short game. You will miss most of the story if you don't investigate your surroundings.
,Not Recommended,402020,29259512,Posted: 14 January,all,N0053,no
76561198008590164,Not Recommended,402020,26543048,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,doomonyou87,"This game tries to be a horror, but it's more like an incredably sad story about mental illness and loss. Initially I found it interesting, but the further along I went the more it just made me sick."
,Not Recommended,402020,24728646,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,lady_rosali,"After 2 days of struggle just to make game play without crashes and lags I can't recommend this game.I liked story and graphic style, but it has so much flaws in tech part.  And it is too short to be worth it.At first game crashed during 2nd cutscene end and before it lagged a lot on ultra and a little less on high quality. On medium everything was so blurred that I could not play. And it’s not that I have weak hardware - Witcher 3 works perfectly on ultra on it.  I think the optimisation of this game is not really good.Tech issues topic in Steam Discussions is abandoned by developers for a while so I wrote to the support center on their site.First recomendations were to update graphic drivers and DirectX. Ok, drivers update did helped with crashes, but not with lags. So I wrote to support a second time. The answer was:“Unfortunately we can't guarantee that every computer will be able to run the game at the highest settings. I apologize for any inconvenience this may cause you. If changing your graphic settings seem to help with the lag I suggest you continue to try different configurations and find the most optimal for yourself.”So, my R9 380, 16 GB RAM and AMD Phenom II X6 1100T is not enough even for high quality for 2 hours long game! Thanks a lot, support and devs, great job! AHUUUUUGEminus from me.P. S. If not for a sale price, story, cards and achievements, I would'verefundthis game right after first try. It is not a Witcher or Skyrim to be so problematic and get away with it."
76561198034483821,Recommended,402020,20059116,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Kema86,"Likes+ Great atmosphere+ Engaging story and main character+ Creepy music and sound effectsDislikes- Short length. The game ended quite abruptly and left me wanting more. Took me around 2 hours to finish.- Poor replay valueRecommendation:This is an interesting and fun short game which kept me entertained for a few hours. It was a bit slow to start but the last 30 mins or so was excellent and really creepy. I found myself jumping from loud noises or things popping out at you. The game relies heavily on atmosphere and mystery so if you're wanting a game where there is a lot of interaction and game play then this isn't it. Overall, I found it enjoyable but probably wouldn't buy it at full price."
76561198084935483,Recommended,402020,25399229,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,iMSaiyan,Not the SCARIEST game I've played but the story is great and the small jump scares isn't anything to laugh about either!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P1f460GwbiQ
,Recommended,402020,18720763,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Bixxby,Intense little budget game. definitely worth picking up in a few months when it's $2-3
,Recommended,402020,18735013,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,MusicGuitarClassic,"Well, let me first say that it was not as good as I expected. It is way too short but the actual problem comes from the lack of action. I was not waiting combats or something like that, but it is like you are a spectator all the time. Also, the plot is kinda twisted in a bad way, especially the finale, and you get an unsatisfied feeling. Still, I would recommend the game. The idea is great as well as the storytelling, there is a dark atmosphere that follows you all the way till the end and you even experience some scary moments and jumpscares. Overall, the creators manage to create a good enough and enjoyable game. Just do not expect too much.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sstHyvCHVvk"
76561198074878966,Recommended,402020,18736324,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Dr.Corbin,This game had me hooked through all the way to the end.
,Not Recommended,402020,18737538,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Akuun,"While the game isn't terrible, immersion is regularly broken with the constant note reading.  If that wasn't enough, the inner monologue completely ruins the ending, and often goes on for too long.  Game also relies on jump scares and creepy music for it's terrorizing effects.  Finally, the game feels a bit like it's on rails with the way it pushes for you to ride one ride after another."
76561198049940183,Not Recommended,402020,18737540,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,[ See you on the Otherside ],"game is about 30 minuets long, cheap creepy atmosphere and pretentious ""oh so deep"" dialogue from the protaganist. just go watch it on you tube and move on."
,Recommended,402020,18737728,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Raz,"Very well done Devs This game is great it is short but really good, Funcom have my support, never let me down they will always supprise u some how."
,Not Recommended,402020,18741150,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Jupe,+ Great Atmosphere+ Good looking- Plot leave too much open and don't explaind almost anything- Too short- Too predictable in 20 minutes- Too pricy
,Not Recommended,402020,18752075,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,NullSaint,"Not so much a game; more of a 3D movie. If there were any point at which a choice could be made, I couldn't tell. It took me 2 hours to complete the game and get all but 2 achievements.  Not sure if I'll bother trying the others. Damn that woman moves slowly.If you play The Secret World, this is a little interesting for flavor. Whether it's $13 interesting is another question. Having already been through the park, it was strange to see things out of place.  There were 2 good scares, and a couple cool creepy moments, but I've been far more scared by some storylines in TSW.+1, however, for including the ""Press X to Jason"" mechanic."
76561197993027643,Recommended,402020,18807097,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,crash_,"If you play the Secret World, this is all but required.. for everyone else.. not so much? In the end, I don't feel any more enlightened about why Winters took over the park, but I do feel cheated that I didn't get to shotgun Chad the Chipmunk in either TSW or this game."
,Recommended,402020,18814583,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,xXChefSDXx,Short but really good :)
,Recommended,402020,18822717,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,LuZee,"Okay the price may be a bit high for the short playtime.But the game itself is a great little horror exploration game.It hasn't many jump scares, which I appreciate, but it has a very creepy atmosphere and many creepy events as well.I don't understand how some people manage to complete the game in under an hour or so.I needed 2 hours. I read everything and rode every thing in the park. (Arethey even skippable?)The story is also pretty nice and surprising.I had my fun with the game and the items for TSW are a great addition."
,Recommended,402020,34216902,Posted: 13 August,all,M0rph3u5,"I don't know why people moan about this game.. I quite enjoyed it and would definetly recommend it. I am a big fan of Silent Hill series (inclduing PT), and loved The Evil Within, SOMA, Outlast and Alien: Isolation, Among the Sleep & Alan Wake. I am not saying that his game is anything like those but its kinda like Among  the Sleep (which I also recommend). Its a light atmospheric, psychological horror/thriller. Honestly, I think its definetly better than the overrated (Layers of Fear) and I kinda found it a bit closer to PT (Silent hills) than the former (which everyoine compare it to).Its Not boring as not much repetition in it ,which btw the developers could've made it longer if they decided to stretch the story or gameplay, but I prefer 2-3 hours that I truely enjoy than 10-12 hours of same repetitive stuff e.g. Layers of Fear.Graphics: This game truely shows you how powerful the Unreal Engine is. Great level of details with realistic and atmospheric environment. You might argue that its not as great towards the end when indoors. The character models are topnotch, even better than some AAA titles; however the animation isn't the best eventhough the direction is excellent.Gameplay: Pretty basic, There is no shooting, hacking..etc. Very basic movements (No jumping or crouching), simple interactions.Story: Not the best, but enjoyable and NOT boring, the gradual reveal does make you want to know what's happening, the presentation is brilliant. The acting is superb.Audio/Sound/Music: Great sound effects, few jump scares, eventhough some of them are predictable but I still crapped my pants lol.Overall: 7.5/10"
,Recommended,402020,18717613,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Kle,The Park sees you take control of a young mother who is looking for her son.It's strength are it's atmosphere and narrative aspects. The atmosphere is well crafted and each and every part has a suitable sense of dread. Lorranie also has some great monologues.There aren't any puzzles or challenges to overcome as this really is all about telling a story.The only issue is that notes that there aren't any subtitles for written text which can make reading the notes a little difficult to read.It's a short ride but worth it.
,Not Recommended,402020,18726526,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,KamikaZeCDN,"So, this game did have one or two things going for it. But after playing the entire game and thinking about it, I've decided that I didn't really enjoy my experience. At least not for the price they are asking for.Now going into it I knew the game was only 1-2 hours in length. That was fine with me, I was willing to give it a shot. Is the $10 ($10.77 CDN) asking price I paid a bit much? Yeah it probably is, but if this game gave me a good scare fair enough. But it didn't. At best in the hour it took me to play the enitre game I was startled maybe 3 times. And that was it, not true terror or fear. A simple jump scare that caused half a second of being startled. It didn't cripple me to a point I had issues advancing further.Does the game have anything going for it? Sure. It looks pretty nice. The entre amusement park has a very creepy vibe. Honestly I would have loved to seen this exact map in this game for something bigger. Since it was built to create real fear in it's players. The general atmosphere is great. But they failed to build on it beyond that. It becomes wasted effort in the long wrong. Couple that with the very short length and asking price and I just can't give this a positive rating. Maybe if they cut the price in half it might get a pass but at it's current price it's not worth it.https://youtu.be/6EmvO76iIEI"
76561198121536599,Not Recommended,402020,18734675,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,TheBreenBoy,"Overall: Not worth the moneyI wanted to like this game much more than I did... The atmosphere gets you on edge immediatly. You stay scared just due to the fact that atmosphere is so good. And althought the story was fairly predictable, the way it was developed kept you interested. But I feel like I missed out on a lot of what the game has to offer just due to the fact that I do not play The Secret World. Playing it however raised my interest in it. From a sales prespective, it was not worth $10. I peat it in less than two hours. I dont feel like it offers enought to cost $10. If it was a $5 i would have liked it a lot more and not expected as muh."
76561198205548997,Recommended,402020,18738912,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Untouchable,Great game
,Recommended,402020,18749782,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,kaneit,"Great story line, Game play could have been longer.i would only recommend this game to people who enjoy short story line based games.but this game is similar to the PT Demo apart from you are inside a haunted house in a theme park/amusement park."
76561198111738222,Not Recommended,402020,18758083,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Zerfax,Alright this game takes only one hour to beat and is not scary at all. There's a few scares that are not even bad and the atmosphere is non-existant. Just spend your $10 on amneisa or the sequel.
,Not Recommended,402020,22557743,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,PuNisHeR v94,tried to play the game looked really good and great price since it was on offer but the stutter and lag was unreal i can run most games maxed out but this on low was 1-4 fps all the time dont no why just my bad experience with it now i am awaiting a refund for it...
,Recommended,402020,18713040,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,{(=¤=Rageraiden=¤=)},"Not that scary of a game. However it has made me feel the most scared (or oppressed) I have ever been in a game. But again only at times. This VERY short experience is also hard on the soul (please dont read spoiler). Clearly NOT a game for kids/teens. Optimization is a bit lacking, meaning you need good hardware despite the game not being the most beautiful ever... Actually it is kind of weird,  I am not that disapointed. I expected less considering how long (read: not a lot) it has been in development, while having high hopes since is Funcom in charge. Also I have played TSW where you can find another simpler version of the Park (but filled with zombies, and monitored by mercenaries & Nathaniel's son sort of) which gave a nice backstory to some things in this game. To be fair this little experience made me NOT want to play other horror games (Call of Cthulhu, penumbra, doom 3...). It will sound funny but, for my video games, I prefer when there is a bit of hope in the end. This game is not unlike Alan Wake. Actually now that I think about it they are quite similar but in Alan Wake there is HOPE. Still this is one of a kind. I would recommend it to show people what can be achieved if you want to make your player feel miserable."
,Not Recommended,402020,18723642,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,"Sugarcane, God of Rum","2 hours of gameplay. That includes a few minutes to go back and pick up the last 3 achievements that I missed. How is it, you ask? It's okay. It's a creepy setting, there's a few parts that made me flinch a bit. The story is laid out pretty well and the environment tells it alright. But if you haven't figured out the entire plot by the halfway point at the latest, I feel very sorry for you. The ""twist"" was blatantly obvious to me after the first ride and the details about it became almost painful pretty quickly.I have never played The Secret World (the game that this game is pretty much created to promote), so I can't say for certain, but I feel like if I had played TSW, I would have found this game much less appealing. Having no knowledge of Atlantic Island Park or its history at least gave me a lot to explore and learn.I was intrigued by the concept of losing a kid in a creepy, haunted amusement park with waning sanity. Unfortunately, it becomes pretty apparent that your character is entirely unrelatable and unlikable and thus impossible to sympathize with and therefore an immersion breaker. The longer I played, the more I thought that that kid was better off lost in a haunted park than with that awful mother.The most jarring part of the game was the first, I guess... ""jump scare"" or whatever it would be called. And the one that followed was incredibly predictable because of the first and pretty laughable.6/10Atmosphere is good. Story is predictable. Nothing really ""scary,"" just a bit startling occasionally. Obvious Lovecraft inspiration. Notes that should read like a freaked out park goer read more like a badly written H.P. Lovecraft story (maybe on par with one of Lovecraft's childhood stories). Sort, short, short.It's worth it for 10 bucks. Maybe the full price of 13 bucks, too. If you want something to do with an hour or two of your life, there's worse and more expensive ways to spend it. Remember, though: this game was pretty much made for the purpose of promoting The Secret World. It's pretty much an advertisement that you pay $10 to experience. I'm satisfied, but I can certainly see a lot of people walking away disatisfied."
,Recommended,402020,18739849,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Pupperoni,Was a good game.  Very short for the hype that went with it.  Not terrible though.  Would recommend if price were lower / on sale (simply due to length of game)
76561198034518803,Recommended,402020,18807546,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Fizzbin,Short but  sweet. I enjoyed it very much.
76561198104144319,Recommended,402020,18713094,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Little kitty 🐱,good game short but very interesting!
,Recommended,402020,18713151,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Squadron42,"Now that certainly was a ride. If you love a great story driven experience, Stephen King novels and a setting that will give you nightmares, if you like reading bits and pieces of information, and the occasional jumpscare, then this is for you.Knowing ""The Secret World"" is a bonus and the references to Kingsmouth and the characters on Solomons Island will make you smile for a second during this pyschedelic horror trip.I recommend playing it with lights out, and play it through at once - it was around 2:30 for me until the credits rolled. I´d like to see this turn into some sort of episodic series, it´s a great format. Another masterpiece of the storytellers at Funcom, plus excellent sound design/music as always.edit: you also get exclusive items for your TSW account, which is a very nice bonus!"
,Not Recommended,402020,18721857,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Saint Satan,"An hour long horror story but...It's not scary and the story sucks.  A let down in pretty much every way, even the theme park atmosphere.  Really boring rides you sit on and listen to the story, ripping you out of the game.  Incredibly short coming in at 63 minutes and I searched and read all the notes I could.  The story is pretty boring and made me sleepy.  The game isn't scary at all except for like two jump scares.  Don't buy unless it's heavily discounted, less than $3.2 outta 5You're much better off buying Layers of Fear or even KHOLAT."
76561198018460505,Recommended,402020,18729225,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,AgrippaMaxentius,"Definitely gave me a few jump scares, but certainly too short to be considered a ""Masterpiece"" seems like a bit of a commercial for ""The Secret World MMORPG"" in fact you get a week free, which is quite fun. That being said for ten dollars its worth it, the atmosphere is great and you truly won't stop until you get to the end, the problem is that end only takes about an hour and a half to get to. I'd recommend, but I think this should be at most a 5$ game.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zxGX7hxE_ns"
76561198009565196,Recommended,402020,18734355,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Aris_Shark,"Ok So...Story A+Horror A+Gameplay A+Idea A+Details A+Ending A+Gameplay time C-Price C+  ................I loved the game, but I think for 96 minutes of gameplay its expencive. Definetely worth to play if it is on sale."
76561198137378251,Recommended,402020,18735267,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,J_Whatever,"The Park is a game that truly shines when you take a moment to soak in the atmosphere and immerse yourself in this world. The story and it's 'twist' are obviously fairly early on, but it is the journey there is what really matters.Gameplay wise the Park is relatively simply, it truly is a walking simulator. You walk, examine objects, read notes and explore. What this game offers you is a world, a story... a dark and twisted tale in a game where the jumpscares are not what it is truly scary."
76561198032691504,Not Recommended,402020,18837563,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Byboon88,"i played this game today for an hour wich is all it takes to complete maybe less as i did leave the room for 15 minutes, it was ""ok"" they over extended the house walk through and the swan scene which mad it boring."
,Recommended,402020,34446500,Posted: 23 August,all,Ironbug : The Anarchist Hero,"Walk around a closed park after dark. Atmospheric, Chilling, and VERY well done. Set in 'The Secret World' mythos."
,Recommended,402020,18711391,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,MaxOfS2D,"Narrative game that lasts about an hour and a half. Big ties to The Secret World's lore and universe (it's set in it), so if you play that, you'll want to really get this.I don't really want to elaborate and spoil details of the game so let's just say it has pretty good visuals, really good audio, cool characters, but above all else an exploration of themes that is extremely rarely seen in video games and I'm really glad to see a narrative that completely breaks the mold... hell, it pulverizes and atomizes the mold straight outta the fifth dimension. It's great! Especially coming from a big studio.If you enjoy narrative games? Yes. If you play The Secret World? DOUBLE YES.If you're the kind of gamer who cares about an arbitrary dollar-per-hour-of-gameplay ratio, or if you're someone who unironically calls narrative games ""walking simulators"", uhhhh, well, yeah... go back to playing whatever it is that you play..."
,Recommended,402020,18712816,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,[CPC]Eradan,"Short, but good and worth the small price. I still have many questions about what really happened, and I probably missed a few clues, but the story is really good. i'll probably play it again in a few weeks."
76561198000223479,Recommended,402020,18712949,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,ArdVan,"Short (2 to 3 hours) horror trip for the money.Not the wornout horror stuff you usually get.You can feel the fear, anger and disapointment of the young mother."
,Recommended,402020,18714191,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Amira,"i don't know what i need to say... that game... it's not bad, but what i feel after this game, it's something strange...graphic good.Story is really short.but in real i don't know what i can say about this game..."
76561197995934938,Recommended,402020,18733969,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,ZappyPayload,.
,Recommended,402020,18737484,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,TheFrostyFour,"I'm a total wuss when it comes to scary games. I figured I'd bite the bullet and just get it, because my friends wanted to see me play something scary. It does have some tense moments towards the end, and there are a handful of manageable jumpscares, but if you're a wuss like me you'll do alright. I feel like the story was too vague, I didn't understand what was actually going on until the ending scene, and even after that I didn't full grasp it all until I thought about the game hours later. So don't worry so much about the scary atmosphere like I did, and stick to paying attention to the story."
76561197991828719,Recommended,402020,18741018,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,dm_jim80,"Right what it says on the tin.  Psychological horror story telling done in one to two hours.  It's not a quick time twitch game.   What it is is a game that plays with your head, and distorts reality.  Good for those who think 'horror' isn't just a bucket of gore."
,Recommended,402020,18745901,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Face Ache,"nice story to the game , though the price is kinda high considering you get  just over an hour's gameplay!9/10 for story4/10 purely on game length"
,Not Recommended,402020,18746946,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,theindustrialpark,"seeing as this is apparently a spin-off of an mmo, i give it the benefit of the doubt that there may be some stuff i simply don't recognize in the plot. that being said, a spin-off needs to stand on its own, regardless.spoilers:it's a walking simulator (with the occasional roller coaster simulator) set in a creepy amusment park. you get told a story that attempts to be deep but soon unravels into a weak metaphor for child abuse. reminds me of among the sleep, but told from the perspective of the mom and also less gameplay. let's not forget the blatant P.T. ripoff of looping rooms / hallways near the end.overall, very mediocre."
,Recommended,402020,18782439,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Magoo,"Spooky and awesome!SO MANY AWESOME SCARES!!Totally worth it for the sale price!I am easily spooked, and I can't make it through most horror movies, but this game was that 'fun' sort of scary, I found all of the scares very thrilling.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RtmFYqlC_vk&list=PLvivhssgTl_6_KGUcUbIr-zfJgH_U_Hpn&index=12SPOOKY"
,Recommended,402020,18806569,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Spoop,"so good, worth it for the 2 hours"
76561198311097888,Not Recommended,402020,33466455,Posted: 11 July,all,Ironim,"This game lags uncontrollably, which is terrible, because I paid for this game an the storylin seems generally interesting. I've done some research, and I'm not the the only one who has experienced this problem."
,Recommended,402020,18735154,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Spammals,"While The Park wasnt what i was Initially expecting, It was still a pretty good game. I recorded a lets play of my time in game and welcome you to take a look if your curious about the game.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iprW5lFr5Tw"
76561197997527733,Recommended,402020,18737491,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Caruto,For $10 it is a pretty fun short title! Scares are definitely effective and atmosphere is unsettling. Explores quite a dark and disturbing subject matter but that adds all to the tension. I'd recommend a playthrough to all those horror-seeking fanatics out there! Great for this Halloween too. :PMy playthrough:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IbYPGaXmw6Y&list=PLYhAW4Y3ZzIssYJTRvZ0xUH-6zYRN5j2T&index=1
,Not Recommended,402020,18739391,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Ace,"Hmm what can i say about ""The park"" ? Just that IT SUCKS!! i was finished within 20 or less minutes. Its like walking into someone home and out the back in one step. For $10.00 USD i feel the company should have PAID us to take this game off their hands instead of charging a fee. Whats up with the mother talking bad about her kid to strangers (us). She is of course a bad mother. No one should leave a small kid in a car alone. The ending was soooo dumb it left me asking what happened.? I have never been more frustrated in a game then i am with this one. But you be the judge yourself i truly like the suspense and the jump scare (like five nights at freddie) BUT it could have been better, it has potential and i hope the company do something more with it, BUT in the meantime, is it worth $10.00 ? NO more like $1.99 or less. as far as recommending this to others, im leaving this blank as everyone has their own views. Hell no i would NOT RECOMMEND this.  I may play it again just to see what would happen if i go a different direction but other then this i say keep your $10.00 for other games soon to come out. Just give me my achievements and drop cards and Im outta here see ya... xD"
76561197962144831,Not Recommended,402020,18745015,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Kratz007,No keyboard configuration is a show stopper. This is a tie in to The Secret World (TSW) which does allow you to bind your keys however you like.The Park expects you to use WASD for some reason; maybe that's the horror of the game.Waiting on an update before I can play.
76561198120750419,Recommended,402020,18762172,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Coffee,"I loved this game. One of the best games I have played, and I have played at lot of games.The historie and the art work, the sound and The Park is just.... I missing words.One of the greatest games I have played..."
,Not Recommended,402020,35168793,Posted: 23 September,all,Helios,Didnt make an awful lot of sense and was kinda boring
,Recommended,402020,18710240,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Chaosetor,"Just finished the game, great story and atmosphere, anyone who enjoys horror games should give it a go."
,Not Recommended,402020,18754785,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,unit167,"-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------(Pros and Cons)Pros: Good Graphic, creepy atmosphere, great animations, voice actors did surpringly well.Cons: near an hour of gameplay, too much motionblur, easy to tell scares, fps drops, long running sessions to the next part, late game rushed.I have a 32% chance on recommending this to someone.-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------(Last things I wish to say)Things that I think could make this game better, remove the cardboard smoke, remove the motionblur moments when a scare is happening, fix fps drops(ferris wheel), and completely rework the ending(not story)."
76561198003793983,Recommended,402020,18710702,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Adieuk,"So far so good it recommends you play this game at night with lights off and a head set, so far I have completed about a third of the acievements which to me is not enough as thier only 14 of themas its on offer at the moment I would recommend in getting it."
76561198106062837,Recommended,402020,18710602,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Himdall,"I had 3 jump scare and I spilled my drink! Great job. Love it and everything is perfect.For whoever doesn't have  ""The Secret World"" . . GO GET IT NOW!!"
,Recommended,402020,18714712,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Eaze,"The Park is a game with a good story really keeps you interested, you don't get bored :) game Graphics are awesome,  the only thing i mind about the game is that it's quite short xs  i really wish it could be at least 4-5hours + but ye we gotta deal with it i guess :p So that's the only like bad thing i could say about the game. If you like horror games and you have some extra money to spare ye sure why not it's a really fun game to play i totally recommend it :) If you wanna see some stuff in-game or how the game looks like check out my playthrough!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bt1A9qNV8CAHave a beautiful day everyone! Cheers! ease out ~"
76561197995040938,Recommended,402020,18736875,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Satanic I Swede #Clumsy,That escalated quickly.
76561198104375327,Not Recommended,402020,29125542,Posted: 8 January,all,Ginfoxy,"Booooooo, Boooooooooooooooooo!- Very short- Subpar graphics- Predictable spooks- Nonsense ending- No character development- 2/10 will not play againWould not recommend to my worst enemy."
,Not Recommended,402020,23381323,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Aethelia,"This game may test your sanity?Maybe, but only because it's so boring and unoriginal. And because the framerate is garbage unless you lower the settings, even if you have a modern gaming computer, just because this product, which they incessantly refer to as a ""game"", is so poorly optimized.The story isn't even interesting. Just some kid running from his mom because he has such a stupid name. While giving no reason to care about the characters involved, with their 2001-2002 level of awkward and unnatural animations.I'd demand a refund if I didn't get this as part of a Humble Bundle with real games in it.Actually, I might still demand a refund. I want my time back."
,Recommended,402020,18714943,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Crying In The Club,"Excellent game! Only half way through but the psychological type-horror in this game is TOP NOTCH, if you're looking for a good scare this halloween, GET THIS GAME.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bVZx2qHacqc"
,Not Recommended,402020,18783932,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Joeltron,"The game is doodoo.  Knew what to expect, ie hour long with little to no input other than walking. Still, game sucks. Couldnt make it past 15 minutes."
,Not Recommended,402020,18811113,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Copes^,"I wanted to like this game a lot, I played it on Halloween night with the lights low, headphones loud.  It was not scary.  The ""psychological horror"" was predictable and the jump scares were very predictable too, only on one occassion it made me jump slightly and I usually jolt easily with horror games, it's why I like them.  I was barely even creeped out by the storyline because I had it figured out 10 minutes into playing.Parts of the game just looked like they had been lifted from other titles.  One part was just P.T in a different environment.  It's a shame because the premise of the game had real potential.  I also encountered some real frame drops in places like it was rendering in the map, my machine can run The Witcher 3 on high settings so it is not on my end, at times it really took away from the soliloquies because there would be stuttering mid speech.It said the game was short, but paying £7 for 90 mins is not worth the money in my eyes."
,Not Recommended,402020,18823213,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,DrugsBunny,Its great but very short more like a demo no way is it worth the price tag should be atleast 10 episodes different stories all this long and it would be the best thing ever!
76561198138455900,Recommended,402020,22870883,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Lrrrrrrr,"Amazing story that captures the feel and atmosphere of The Secret World perfectly, while still maintaining a uniqueness that allows it to stand on it's own. The game is both engagaing and immersive in a way many adventure style games never quite pull off. The sounds of the game are the true gem of the title, with each area of the park pushing ones nervesfurther to the edge with its terrific use of auditory ambience. I often found myself frantically looking around for sources that I never found. It all builds an atmosphere of dread while providing a disturbing kind of soundtrack to the tale unfolding around you. Though short, it's a great game, that remains true to it's source material.My honest opinion is that it's totally worth 10/10As a side note for those who have played The Secret World:The story unfolding in this tale provides depth to one of the most interesting areas on Solomon Island. It will feel familiar and disturbingly alien to those who have ventured into the park before, leaving you with some new questions. The added depth given by the story even provides further insight into discoveries made in the MMO."
,Not Recommended,402020,25590406,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Jon Von CarrNage,"Played half an hour of the game and found myself bored. Watched someone else play it so I could get the story. Turns out I only needed to play another 30 minutes and I would've been done. The story itself is a messed up tale that is at least interesting and you want to see how it plays out, but the game itself is a walking simulator with no actual 'game' to be found. The few 'spooky' parts aren't worth $13. The one positive I will give it, outside of the story itself, is that it looks fantastic. I just wish it was a game."
76561198042132716,Recommended,402020,18711199,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Kaaz,"The game is very atmospheric, unsettling in places and generally creepy throughout. There are a few jumpscares but they dont get excessive and with the general tension in the game they fit well.It is short, so be prepared for that, it took me 90 minutes to complete but you get fair warning of that before purchasing."
,Recommended,402020,18711140,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Mistral,"I was super hyped for this game. It's short, almost like the walking simulator. In terms of gore and horror, I usually have a high threshold at which I could stomach the games. However, this game just flung that away. I'm surprised my dad hasn't woken up from the several times I would scream out when things get out of hand. The game even has a few references from other games, most notably from Silent Hill. If you're looking for an experience of a lifetime then this is it. Play this and I assure you that it'll keep you awake for nights and maybe away from amusement parks in general, too.TL;DR: Thanks to this game, I won't be sleeping tonight. And maybe stay away from amusement parks too."
,Recommended,402020,18715426,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Tigerfish,Short but the narrative is spectacular and the story is twisted.you may need to prepair a second pair of underwear!
76561198019046685,Recommended,402020,18711527,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Hooded Crow,Although this tale is a short lived one it is worth every peny!  The game is incredibly atmospheric from the start and only further darkens your world as you prgress towards understanding the cryptic mystery that Atlantic Island Park has to offer!Chad will be watching closly every step of the way!
,Not Recommended,402020,33552444,Posted: 14 July,all,DarkTranquillity,"the length of the game is way too short, i was expecting at least 4 hours gameplay of a visually excellent horror game but it turned out to be only 1 hour and 10 mins, in addition, the game did so poor in suspense, i already knew that the mother would kill her son after played for 5 mins.I suggest you save your Dollars and buy some icecream instead, if you really want to play, you can watch the videos from Youtube."
76561198013961212,Not Recommended,402020,18808293,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Carton Box,"I sat my fiance down to play this game, and within 15 minutes she was flipping her♥♥♥♥♥♥over the story. I think she's about to kill me over making her play this game. 10/10 totally worth it."
76561198007144662,Recommended,402020,22561344,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,Valdian,Game is pretty good but really short. It took me a hour and a half to get through it while texting my gf. It has a few good jump scares. If you can get it for $5 get it it has a good story although short.
,Recommended,402020,18835633,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,bdlio,"I had a good time for as long as the game lasted - and that is what counts in the end.The dark atmosphere, creepy setting and visual presentation really work well.Be warned that the game is short (and there's not much interaction with the world - it's really more of an experience than a ""game""). Personally that did not bother me (I considered it a plus actually because it allowed me to play through the entire game in one session with my limited time) - I prefer a good (short) experience over something that drags on just for the sake of reaching a certain amount of ""game time"" while stealing my time.The Park will last about as long as watching a movie so if you consider that ""too short"" for the price asked then better wait for a (larger) discount but don't hold it against the game - I certainly don't regret spending 10€ on the experience.I wish the story would have cleared up a bit more because it sort of leaves you wondering about what really happened.It wasn't until I had finished the game that I found out it is somewhat tied in with ""The Secret World"" which I have never played so I might have missed parts of the story due to that.Even though it was short it was still dragging in parts a bit (like the swan ride or some of the scattered text messages) but for the most part it was enjoyable and looked/sounded great.Game performance was alright (i5-3570k @ 4x4ghz, GTX 670, 16GB ram) - played at 1920x1200 (adaptive sync), ""High"" settings with 2x MSAA for the most part but switched to ""Ultra"" in the House of Horrors because the low res mirror reflections offered at ""High"" were just not nice to look at.It might have dropped to ~30 fps at times but for large parts it felt 60/60 or close enough and when it dropped below that it did not harm the experience much.I noticed no bugs/errors in my playthrough.If you enjoy games like The Vanishing of Ethan Carter, Dear Esther or Homesick you will probably like The Park.However I have to admit that I prefer any of these mentioned games because they all left a more lasting impression on me."
,Recommended,402020,18826508,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Nalielya,"Loved the game, the graphics were amazing - the story line kept you questioning even after the game ended. Amazing amounts of future possibilities if the game were to continue in works. Although its first person, it is an easy game to play, and does not hurt your head....Highly Recommend."
,Recommended,402020,22072275,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,NeonTel,"A short little game (it will take you around 80-90 mins to play throgu it), that being said it's totally worth it, and I would very much recommend it. It is an incredibly atmospheric game that at times will make you question your sanity. You play as a mother looking for her son in an amusement park after closing, then the story takes a turn towards the psychological horror genre while you explore the amusement parks, the various rides and learn more about the history of the place and also the history about yourself.The story is very ""shutter island""ish which I think is a good thing. And great atention to detail which adds to the whole package, so pay close attention to all the little tings.So put your headset on, turn of the lights and play through it all the way."
,Not Recommended,402020,33789119,Posted: 25 July,all,Overmind Farmskins.com,"Really short game with pretty much no story, even though this is a horror game there was pretty much no horror game elements. Just couple jumpscares here and there. The game was also even missing the scary atmosphere. Overall, bad ''horror''game."
,Recommended,402020,18718410,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,k.k. slider,ONE OF THE BEST HORROR GAMES I HAVE PLAYED
76561198179777631,Recommended,402020,22575904,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,lalilulelo,"First things first, I love horror games...however I get scared pretty easily, so this game did freak me out a little. The atmosphere was on point, some jumpscares did get me (I admit a few times I had to pause the game to recover), whereas there were a few towards the end of the game that felt slightly cliched, no spoilers though.Although this is essentially a walking simulator, I felt immersed and loved some of the horror mechanics introduced that weren't just trying to say boo!  Little touches which add to the suspense, things moving very slowly, noticing something out the corner of your eye.  Its small things like this which make the game much more interesting.I was drawn in by the story, which is quite controversial, but I'll say no more.One small issue I had was the drop in frame rate at the beginning of the game, which took away from the immersion.  Had to drop down to high settings which seemed to fix the issue, but felt that it shouldn't have had a problem running on ultra.One thing which I think is important in horror games is the audio, again adding to the atmosphere, the devs got this right.  All the little sounds you hear, the whispering, the protagonists desperation in her voice to find her son, and her reminiscing, all added to the immersion.  Best played with headphones so you can hear everything going on around you.Overall, I would recommend this game when on sale.  I completed the game in 80 minutes.  While it's all about quality and not quantity, some may be disappointed with the content for the price, but if you are after something that's got scares, and an explorative experience, this is great."
,Recommended,402020,18717931,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Sheyon,"It's a short game, as others have said 1-2 hours, but it shines in its story-telling and atmosphere. Those who are familiar with the Secret World MMO will get a kick out of its tie-ins (and there are plenty), though having prior knowledge of TSW is absolutely NOT necessary.That said, I really would like to see more of this sort. Whether you approach this as a standalone product or not, the fleshing out of the game world is fantastic and is worth experiencing at least once. If its length bothers you, catch it on sale. But I have enjoyed Funcom's storytelling -- it is high-quality, creepy, and rich -- and I don't feel like I've wasted my $10 (preorder) at all.I will be returning to the Park."
76561197998360190,Recommended,402020,18716044,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Rob,"Intense, worth a couple of hours playing through with the lights off and headphones on."
76561197997731298,Recommended,402020,18716004,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Sgt. Splat,"Some pretty good jump scares, very immersive atmosphere and an interesting story line.  Very creepy at times, well worth the price of admission."
76561198005772688,Recommended,402020,18717828,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Beast of the East DC United,"A fantastic first person horror experience. You can't beat this game if you love exploring a strange amusement park at night. Buy it right now, this company deserves it."
76561198027343189,Recommended,402020,18716444,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Baelara,"I played 5 minutes of this game and I'm too scared to play more (at least right now). I DON'T want to look behind me after every strange sound (especially the breathing and singing) but HOW do I know there's nothing killing me in the next 2 seconds? WAAAAAH! And what am I going to do to prevent said killing? Better not to look. But... Who does that that stupid kid think he is anyway, scaring mommy like that? I'm going home. You hear me Callum? I'm going home, good luck getting there on your own... What kind of a mother does this? What's that singing, dammit? No no no don't look back don't look back"
,Recommended,402020,18717884,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Pomaranč Bejby Sliepočka,"Holy Hell is this good. Less of a game, more of an experience... but what an experience! I'd play it all over again right now (after finishing it for the first time), but... this just needs some time to settle in.Wish there was a way to give it more than one of those thumbs up thingies."
76561198031475926,Recommended,402020,18714309,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Logovore,"This is a beautifully well made game.  The plot is interesting, compelling and creepy AF.  It feels like you are staring in a well made horror movie.  Sure, it only lasts about 2 hour or so, but that is just about perfect for the story."
,Recommended,402020,18716038,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Just,"Awesome little game if you are in the mood for a good story told in an interesting way. Atmosphere is chilling, and get's more chilling the further in you get. Get ready for 1-2 hours of good creepy fun!"
76561198123412837,Recommended,402020,18716252,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,python4161 4K,"JASON! What wrong game, ok. CALLUM!On a serious note,this is an incredible game. I was a bit wary of the game at first, i didn't think it would be scary, but I was surprised as I was hiding behind my bed throwing my mouse at my monitor in fear. Well ive made a promise to never go back to Disney Land. Well ok maybe a few more times. This game deserves more recognition and well done to the developers more making me get through 15 pairs of pants in one hour. (i'll send them the bill)."
,Recommended,402020,18713912,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Vikestart,"The Park is a short, but sweet game. There are few cheap jumpscares as the game relies more on a psychological horror experience that is well executed. If you're a Secret World player you'll also appreciate all the small references to that universe. The ending was very abrupt and leaves you craving for more, but all in all this is a very solid horror experience that I would recommend to anyone interested in horror games!"
,Recommended,402020,18717940,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,joaom ☢,"Finished the game, and all I can tell, the atmosphere of the game is awesome and intense. The story of the game is kinda creepy, If you're sensitive to dramas, don't buy this game."
76561198040970078,Recommended,402020,18714094,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,A Regular maD_mAN,"just finished the game, 4 achievments i did not get (so a little replay value if i want to get those), it is very short, but that was announced so that didnt bother me, but in my opinion its not worth the full price, a nice little story driven game, not realy scary, for me it was just a few jumpscares, but i'm not scaredycat, so takes more than that for it to be a scary game for my part. i recommend getting it if you can get it for about half price"
76561198070245960,Recommended,402020,19764555,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,Mesut Komiser,"Really a great game. I think it totally fulfills it's goal. Don't expect any struggle during the game, such as puzzles or etc. In fact this game is more like an interactive movie. Ambiance is incredible and as for me the story line is also really good and very engrossing. One of the best things about the game is that the tention and mood of the game growing continuously and it all ends up with a very good final. Even though the game does not include any puzzles to challenge the player, to comprehend the story behind by assembling the pieces of information in the texts you encountered within the game is really fulfilling.I congratulate the team."
,Recommended,402020,20471254,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Sora Synn,"The Park is set in the world of The Secret World (MMORPG). It's atmospheric and creepy... And very beautiful. It plays on your fears and you feel so creeped out just by the environments. I'm terrible at scary game genres so obviously this was most likely scarier for me than to most people... I still have to complete it actually, I'm currently in the house of horrors and kinda went LOLNOPE! It's a good game from what I've experienced so far... I plan to complete it... When I am not so terrified.Oh yeah, if you play The Secret World, you can get the Chad the Chipmunk suit for the MMORPG. I love it. Hehe and also some QL10.9 necklace talismans."
,Recommended,402020,18712632,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Zed Clampet,"What a brilliant little horror gem.  It starts with what some may consider a slow burn as it builds up the story, but the horror atmosphere just continued to increase until it was nearly unplayable for me (a great thing in a horror game).  There are a number of jump scares once you get at least half way through, most of them exceedingly well done.  What this does is put you constantly on edge, wondering what are they going to do to me next?The story is quite interesting and takes a dark turn pretty quickly.  It's told to you by the narrator (the playable character) and also by notices and notes that you find.  If you are paying attention, it builds a good sense of mystery which also keeps you on your toes.  The game ends with what seems a P.T. inspired segment that had me in a near panic.The only negative thing I would say about this game is that the letters were hard to read on my laptop.  Other than that, it was one of the best horror experiences I have had on PC.  If you don't mind the short playing time (1.3 hours for me) and love horror like I do, I definitely recommend getting this."
76561198048203286,Recommended,402020,22210608,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,sup5577,"watch my video review athttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FRqo2Kg6EyUstoryThe park takes place in the same universe as Funcoms MMORPG the secret world. In this reality all of Earths myths and legends turn out to be true the boogeman is real and his precense is felt in atlantic ilsand ammusement park.You play as  Loraine a single mother who is leaving the park for the day with Her son Callum who realises he lost his teddy bear Mr. Bear. Loraine tells Callum to stay in the car while she checks with the information booth to see if anyone found the bear, Because Loraine does not use child locks on her car Callum runs off into the now deserted amusement park she chases after the little brat and you must explore the now seemingly deserted grounds uncovering its dark history while riding the rides and reading letters lying around.you learn fun facts such as There is a history of children vanishing after dark and grown ups being unable to remember they ever existed. The Park being closed due to a number of unexplainable accidents killing patrons one of whom just so happens to be Callums father. If that was not bad enough their was also that one time the parks mascot Chad the chipmunk gouged out a childs eye with an icepick.presentationVisually the park is hit or miss the scenery of the park itself is very well done the rides look great the atmosphere is unerving and the transition from day to night reminds me of entering otherworld in silent hill. However the character design leaves something to be desired. Loraine looks like a robot and when you enter the haunted house she looks like a robot zombie I have never seen a robot zombie before, but that is what Loraine looks like.The sound is spot on the developers recomend playing with a headset for good reason everything from the rattle of the rollercoaster to docks of the story time boat ride sound steller. The sound team deserves to be applauded.The voicework is also on point the game uses a mechanic where you call out to Callum and he calls back leading you on your journey. I was able to feel Loraine grow more desperate as the night went on. this was a great touch and for a staff of only five voice actors they all gave a great effort.I played the game using a wireless xbox one controller, but it also supports mouse and keyboard. The controls are tight, but limited you move slowly and even when Loraine runs it is as if she is out of breth. you may also interact with objects mainly letters that help to progress the story I should mention some of the letters gave me trouble seing them as the font seemed blurred and as stated earlier you may call for calum.before moving on to the next section it is important that I mention at beginning of the game their is a strange bug that had me restart the game three times before I figured out a fix If you interact with one specific plaque you lose the ability to move This was extra frustrating because it is likely the first item you will interact with and the game tells you to. the fix is to hit escape on the keyboard.  This was the only bug I found on two complete playthroughs but it was annoying.DificultyThe park would best be described as an interactive movie it is not like a traditional survival horror game Loraine is not able to die and there are not really any puzzles to solve outside of slowing rides down so you can get onto them. The hardest part of the game might be finding all of the hidden notes, but due to the parks design being linear it is hard to get lost. When you ride the rides it is just that you are riding a ride you may look around and some creepy things might happen, but it is a passive viewing mode. This does not mean the game is not fun as the story is engaging and the atmosphere is top notch, but the game is about as difficult as drawing a circle as that is the path you take.endingthorughout the game you will see Chad the the killer chipmunk stalking Loraine as well as glimpses of a shadowy figure that is revealed to be the boogeyman. The player learns that Loraine has been on medication and seems to really hate children. In the haunted house she finds Callum on an alter  and with the guidance of the boogeyman kills Callum with an icepick. Earning her the mother of the year awardthe screen fades into Loraine talking with a an investigator who just so happens to be the park attendent she spoke with at the beginning of the game.  she repeats her opening monologue as if she is reliving the horrible memories in her shattered mind. The moral of the story is if your mother tells you to stay in the car you better listen or she will hunt you down kill you with an ice pick.bonus contentThe park has a few unlockables. First there are 14 achievments that you may earn while playing. Most are unlocked just by simply riding the rides and exploring the park. Unfortiatly you will not get anything extra for earning all achievments there are also 6 steam trading cards based on the parks rides you can only get 3 for playing the game forcing you to trade with others to complete the set.The final peice of bonus content I could not take advantage of because it requires that you have a seceret worlds account. If  you do  have an account  it unlocks a Chad the chipmunk costume as well as receiveing 3 legendary talismans 1 for healer, tank, . This is a neat nod to the players of the secret world, but since I do not play that game I have no idea if they are any good.I do wish there was something extra to unlock for completing the game maybe the option to dress up loraine as Chad the chipmunk on your next playthrough as it stands outside of maybe earning a missed achievement there is very little reason to replay the game.final verdictThe park is very short it took me under two hours to beat.The game is linear with little room for exploration best described as an interactive movie. The tension slowly ramps and the last thirty minutes is almost worth the price of admission alone the game has dropped from $20 dollars to $12.99 on steam if you own the secret world this game will unlock some extra perks so if you enjoy creepy games and don't mind jump scares I would say it is worth a play"
,Recommended,402020,18736358,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,SavingPrincess,"First things first.If you have never heard of or played The Secret World, you will not really ""get"" this game.  Most of the game will seem arbitrary, dissonant in tone, and nonsensical.However, if you understand where ""Kingsmouth"" is, have completed ""The Seven Silences"" quest and know who Carrie Killian is... this game is fantastic and chances are, you've already bought it.I can't outright recommend this game otherwise, you probably won't enjoy it.  There aren't enough ""jump-scares"" to fill a proper ""watch me shriek"" YouTube ""let's play,"" and a lot of the story is delivered through inner monologue and visual imagery that won't make much sense to you without the greater context.I'm giving this a thumbs-up however, because if you love The Secret World and Tørnquist's unique neo-Cthulhu stylings, then you'll get exactly what was intended out of this game."
,Recommended,402020,22574339,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Lilia,"A super creepy and beautiful horror game that takes place in a ruined theme park. Definately worth playing, especially if you love theme park rides and a good story. 8/10Watch gameplay with commentary:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1EgQ2nC50Pc"
,Recommended,402020,21222088,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,raudrick,"Decent game, very short first 80% was okay but the last 20% is where the game shines.But alas dont pay $13 for it maybe wait for a sale or just go watch Deadpool"
,Not Recommended,402020,24127956,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,SoloGod KILLER,"The park is an average game with nothing special, it's very short and not worth the money. I would not recommend it to anyone."
76561198012931704,Recommended,402020,29708248,Posted: 4 February,all,Wolvenfire86,"Very well done! Eerie, creepy, very few (but appropriate) jump scares and a true portrayal of the horror genre. Not ""scariness"", but horror. Themes of dread, the unknown, the normal turned on its head....it's a real horror game.It's short so it doesn't over stay its welcome. The pacing ins great and the tone is very clear.My only complaint is that the ending is too ambiguous. It's common for horror to leave things unexplained when the story is over (because if something if 100% explained, it usually is not scary anymore) but this game doesn't explain enough at all.9/10, great spooky game to play for 2 hours."
,Recommended,402020,20386450,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,★*•.✩Millenna✩.•*★,"Hi everyone.i am not gonna write a book about this game, what i can say is i like the atmosphere the story is really nice and because i love the secret world it's even better, graphics are nice and beautifull but i expect more because of the "" unreal engine 4 "" but really smooth gameplay you can't do much in game though.so is the game good or bad ? well for me it's not bad but i would suggest to not buy it at full price, 5$ or 8$ is a better price, the game is pretty similar to the vanishing of ethan carter for exemple but shorter and with horror style and about that ""Horror"" only 1 scary jump.so yeah i will recommand this game because it's a good game to play one time at least but not worth 13$."
,Recommended,402020,21268887,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Mullerstone,"While most people probably say they hate the shortness of the game, I don't exactly find that any problem here. The game has perks and the game seems to take on a sort of mini-horror inducing story. The perks are for another game, so there's that, and the Secret World is not too shabby itself if you enjoy the Mythos surrounding it.The only downside to this game is the level of thought a person would have to be in order to enjoy the short story it gives out, and the enjoyment mostly comes from reading H.P. Lovecraft and other books about occultism. If you are looking for something that fits those prerequisites, you've come to the right place.The Park is about a mother losing her little boy. She quickly finds that The Park is what keeps him there because the little boy misses his father. Or so they'd like to make you think. Playing the game I found that the story branches off and leaves you without a finished ending. That sort of irked me except that I play the Secret World and managed to discover what exactly The Park is and what exactly happened to the monster that controls it.This game certainly isn't for everyone, so keep an eye out for the tiny details in everyone's reviews but I would definately recommend this game."
,Recommended,402020,23651341,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Dimi,"A very good horror simulator. IMO the game is a bit short for that price but the experience you get in those 1,2 hours is really good. The overall atmosphere is great, the music and sound effects fit perfectly and the story is deep and adresses current human fears, apathy and drama.Grab it on a sale for a ride on human fears."
,Not Recommended,402020,25004058,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Gorglax,It was ok but not long beat the game in 66 minutes they could've done better like way better and the story confused 89.99% of the time
,Recommended,402020,27852469,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,SILENTBOB,On a scale of 1 to 10 of ♥♥♥♥ed up ness. This is a 10.
,Not Recommended,402020,23945647,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Shadow,The only scary thing about this game is the infinite loading screen.
,Recommended,402020,21019086,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Spank Master Devito,"Beat the game 1.3 hours play time. Regret paying 8 bucks, but still wasn't completely disgusted by what I found.Few notes, story is told entirely to quickly. You know the end 5 mins in if you are quick thinking, 15 if you are normal, and 30 if you're ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. At first it seems original, but the main character feels stale and was easy for me to hate 20 mins in, and her personalilty is basically told in the parts everyone hated in Metroid other M. This lead to me attempting to try and put this 'mother' in dangerous situations, but even when the enemies are around you either can't touch them or they wont touch you. This breaks any form of suspence and makes the game laughable. I missed the first big scare in the octopus ride because it simply was quick and hard to see with the camera locked. Also Alvin from the chipmunks stalks you a little, but is as dangerous as a real life squirel and is a joke when you yell at him the first encounter for the rest of the game.Good things are the atmosphere is great, as well as character design and graphics. It is the most pleasant walking sim I have played.Still its a ♥♥♥♥ing walking sim all the same, padded with forced walking naration, and a silent hill pt clone for 1/5-6 the game. Its too predictable, and wastes using all oppertunities to try and give a sense of dread and alreatness of the player. You know nothing will happen to you especially after the hooked hand dude just pushes you infinately making it fun to walk at his♥♥♥♥♥ You have no opposition. Plus its hard to be afraid when the women you play cries out in fear for you. I was not really afraid of anything, jumped 3 times, 2 of which were the cutouts in the Haunted House, being the first one happening off screen, and the secound being around a corner.Still, I hope devs make a new game, it looks great and has a nice feel, but it was like watchig a shark in a fish tank, impressive, but lacking the stress it has if you were in the tank as well. And then it dies after you finally get it home.And higher a writer to do your story telling. Y'all ♥♥♥♥ing suck at it XD.So if devs actually read this, the next game like this needs:*owl like camera, save situations like the rollercoaster(better yet, punish/reward those brave or foolish enough to stare/look at monsters)*make monster intimadating or keep them out of reach (hook hand was a joke when he pushed me 26 times)*better longer story, hold off forshadowing events*multiple endings (drive away punishes you with scary cut scene, ending where story isn't explained, true ending, etc.)*more dark and light requirements (flashlight essential, darker enviroment.)*more pills :P*allow running at all times, make something force you onwards or it effects end(monsters chase you, cut scenes if they grab you, black out in net area with way back blocked off, works as a event counter where it lowers sanity effecting ends)*more monster sounds, less peaceful music*no monolougesHope these devs make a bigger game like this one."
76561198075443722,Recommended,402020,19624803,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,Zeravas Priide,"Yeah, spoopy.Freakin Nazi..."
76561198196773614,Recommended,402020,19646248,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,The Will Davis,"This game was pretty sweet. The atmosphere was decidedly creepy and the story was quite compelling. The only drawback  is that it's so short. I finished it in about three hours, and that was running around searching like crazy for things. Some DLC to expand on it was be pretty awesome. All in all I'd say it was pretty on point."
76561198055714093,Recommended,402020,18713778,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,D4C,The game was good and scared the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of me (♥♥♥♥ that squirrel) but im a little♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥i payed 10$ to play and beat the entire game within 80 minutes
,Recommended,402020,21036208,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,ohmsrulz,"Fun interactive story! I enjoyed it. However, it is of the movie/story exploratory style genre (no platforming at all). Also, it only lasts about 2 hours (I even received all the achievements in that time frame). If you like this style game as I do, then I recommend buying it at whatever you think a 2 hour game price point is. :)"
,Not Recommended,402020,24096304,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,ValiantDominator,Can't say the $12.99 lives up to the game but definately a nice playthrough.
,Recommended,402020,28841693,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,shanesunburn,"Completed the game in 90 mins, including all acheivements. Very eerie atmosphere, which is awesome! However, all scares are jumpscares. Some cutscenes are amazing. I would only reccomend this game if it's on sale. Nice experience though."
76561198037347192,Recommended,402020,20712714,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Flodino,"I'm not a big fan of these ""exploration-games"" where you basically just walk through the game whilst having the story told to you.But as far as those kind of games goes, this one is OK.I liked the story.  It's dark and twisted and I'm sure some people will have problems with the taboo subjects included, but I'm glad the dev's went with it and didn't ♥♥♥♥♥ out.The environment and overall design is very nice (dark and eerie), especially in ""The house of horror"", but I never really got scared during my playthrough..... well, ONE little ""jump scare"" got me...But this may be due to the nature of the game being a ""Walk-through-a-story"" type, so in the back of my head I knew that nothing could/would actually harm me.I was disappointed that the game only lasted about an hour, but as I saw later (bought the game on a 70% off sale and didn't read the premis) the steam page actually announces the play-time, so I guess I can't really complain about that.Due to its lenght and the 13€ price, my recommendation was leaning towards ""NO"", but the suttle hints toward the Lovecraft universe like the mention of Dunwich and the kids Cthulhu t-shirt made me press ""Yes"""
76561198332836391,Not Recommended,402020,31686923,Posted: 11 May,all,jonse,"The graphics is okey I guess... I've seen worse and better.The gameplay... Well, there's not too much to it.You walk around a park at night, use the ferris wheel or whatever in a  non-scary atmosphere with cheap jump scares.I feel they could have made so much more out of this. And for the amount they're charging they should have."
76561197960802551,Recommended,402020,19870845,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Vashna,"Loved it, zero action and the atmosphere reminds me of the early Silent Hills when it wasnt about being grusome and was more about messing with your head."
,Recommended,402020,20125208,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Gonash,"I have never been so disturbed by a game. never before have i left a game and had such deep emotional ties with the main chracter. Psycological horror and mind manipulation all in one?! Dark story, Beautifully rendered scenery. and an EXTREAMLY strange protagonist. How to defeat ones self? How to stand against such Immagery? I cannot express what i feel at the moment correctly. DEEPLY TOUCHED. Try not to scream out in agony if you play this one. THIS IS NOT YOUR TYPICAl JUMP SCARE PEOPLE, THIS IS DISTURBING!!!! Well worth a few $$. Complete immersion is what is in store for you. WILL PLAY AGAIN AND AGAIN!!!!! But not back to back. I need rest. Play this one and you will understand. 5 stars and a whipple stick!!!"
76561197970049679,Recommended,402020,20147170,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,talisare,"Not as much a game as a journey I was kept on the edge of my seat for the entire time and even har a genuine jumpscare at one time. Suspense kept building throughout the game as we explore the story. Good voice acting and a beautiful soundtrack. Would absolutely recommend this experience. Make sure you sit in a dark room , wear your best headphones and pump up the volume to max. It will close to 90 minutes to complete depending on how fast you read the additional story elements that flesh out the details.Only issue I had was that there are more card drops to collect and the game has close to no replayability which is kind of annoying."
76561198109042809,Recommended,402020,19665183,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Helsinky,"Truely a great game. but, don't take my word for it... check it out below...Helsinkyhttps://youtu.be/5fM4OUsDz7U"
,Recommended,402020,33934357,Posted: 31 July,all,Dretz,"This game was very short, but I enjoyed it!"
,Recommended,402020,18839233,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Sunny,"The Park is a truly fantastic narrative experience. It's tense, atmospheric, and well-written. I was engrossed. Definitely a ""set the atmosphere"" kind of night. Turn off the lights, stick on your headphones, and get lost in the story. It's been a while since a game left me completely unnerved with a deep sense of dread.There seem to be some misconceptions about what The Park is. You do not have to have played The Secret World. While there are nods here and there and a shared universe, The Park is a standalone experience. There's a lot to appreciate here as a TSW fan, but it's mostly in the way of ""this is already thematically something you enjoy"".This is also a game in the loosest sense. It's a narrative experience, an interactive short story. The price-point is appropriate for what you are getting. I pay the same for a movie, and it shares a similar length. There's no combat, no puzzles, and limited interactivity.If you enjoy a quiet kind of horror that crawls under your skin and leaves you dreading what's behind the door... not because it could kill you... but because the idea of it is so much worse than any reality, because the thought of opening that door and seeing that living room again makes you hold your breath... The Park is for you. I couldn't have asked for a better way to spend my post-Halloween horror wind down."
,Recommended,402020,18748566,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Chimes,"Short, atmospheric, and very enjoyable.  Great story for Halloween :)"
76561198107874750,Recommended,402020,22228971,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,SoulCorgi,"It was an interesting experience. The graphics and ambiance were good. Heck, the story even kept you interested. But even though it was a fairly good game, there are some things that are missing. A lot of the story was very confusing, the text for the papers were extremely difficult to read due to size and font, and the ending over all was very unsatisfying and what happened was very unclear. I still enjoyed the game but I would have enjoyed it even more if I understood the whole story completely."
76561198057482188,Recommended,402020,18793240,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Reverud-san,"Very good voice acting.The design of the park is good.The story was not bad at all.But the game isn't scary.....To bad, because this game had potential.Recommend that you pick this game up on sale, because it is very short."
,Recommended,402020,18755027,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,ChangingMyNameToKeep It Fresh,"This games ending reminds me of PT, which instantly makes me love the game."
,Recommended,402020,18867622,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Thym,"The Park is an excellent atmospheric game, and a lod of fun to play if you enjoy scares. The story doesn't always make sense and it doesn't have a lot of replayability but it's chock full of fun, scares, and is a great way to introduce you to The Secret World setting."
,Recommended,402020,18712588,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Overwatch Clone,"Horror Veterans looking for jumpscares won't find these here. Get immersed and let ""The Park"" take you on a ride. Pay close attention to your surroundings and enjoy this game twisting your emotions upside down."
,Recommended,402020,18749854,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,DueDiamond,"I purchased this gmae yesterday and in my opinion, I enjoyed it. It was not too scary for me but at the same time, it was scary or suspensful enough to make me get goosebumps. I have started a small series on my YouTube channel on this game if you would like to see gameplay before purchasing. This game, so far, is worth the money. The graphics are ok, the audio is awesome, and the features in this game are pretty cool. For example, you can control the speed of a the ferris wheel.Here is the YouTube video link:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p-IR_r98R74"
76561197988000877,Recommended,402020,18832085,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,McTeddy,"It was okay, not bad, but I'll probably forget all about it by morning. It was neat to see the park from a different view than a monster hunter, but the game comes off mediocre. TSW stands out as a love letter to horror, this is just competent horror. The story was well done and it had some decent scares, but at the end of the day its a walking simulator. If you enjoy that kind of thing, it's worth a playthrough, but don't expect anything more than that."
,Recommended,402020,18848996,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,DMStewart,"Very cool. Well done. Many games claim to be ""atmospheric"" and only a few truly achieve the claim. Most of the creepiness of the game comes from your own mind. Its what you dont see that is always more creepy than what you do see. Perfect example, at one point in the path through the park a shadow from a fern looks like a hand. Just as youre walking by it moves in the breeze bringing it in front of the light, making it look like a hand just reaches out a little from the dark into the light.Now, Im sure that happens a lot in these types of games. But without properly setting the atmosphere, no one is in the right state of mind to even notice or care. I wont get into any of the story either. Firstly because I only fired it up fast to see how it looked, ran, etc. (Of course I stayed 40 mins into it). Secondly, what I know about the story so far is only enough to spark my own curiousity...and set it down the path to the creepy and unknown. Better yet, a story line that I dont want to know but one that I am inadvertanly going to have to live through.The writers and designers really did a great job in coming together. As someone who has spent half my career writing everything from basic hard news to a vast array of fiction, the medium of video games has been a place where the finished product is either great, or terrible. Or worse yet, it's totally mediocre and goes by unnoticed. But this very eaily couldve bee ruined with the slightest miscalculation. The cutting of one corner couldve damned this into mediocrity. I hope everyone who contributed to this project gives themselves credit for getting everything just right.Price: $10 or less is really where this needs to be. I just picked it up in the final minutes of the sale. Since the product description says its about a 1-2 hour game I instantly compare that to the price of a movie. Dont get me wrong, in Unreal4 it looks like it should be $29.99. Had they been less transparent theyve couldve charged $30 and received all negative reviews. So I believe they also know the true value and respect the players' wallets.So its all good all the way around. I would complain of no Crossfire support but it runs smooth for me on a single card at 70-80 fps on a single 290x Lightning. (If you have any other 290x expect to get about 50-65 fps maxed out settings)-DMS"
,Recommended,402020,35137369,Posted: 22 September,all,Ｇａｌａｃｔｉｃ　Ｇｒａｓｓ,"The Park: Game ReviewA bland psychological taleWhere do I start this review? During my time withThe ParkI realized how a game creator can turn a simple tale such asHanzel & Greteland twist it to apill addicted mother killing her innocent son.The game opens with you, the mother, driving up to this theme park, Atlantic Oak or something along those lines. Your son Callum is in the car while yoiu get out and just walk away. Apparently we left hisTeddy Bearinside the park and we must retrieve it. You walk extremely slow during this section and are unable to look at anything. You can either beeline straight to the ticket booth where the game progresses or you can walk yourself up this curvy hill into some mist? I'm not sure why they added that other than a cheap [spiler] achievment. [/spoiler] This guy is inside the ticket booth and he gives us the clear to go into the theme park to look for thisTeddy Bear.During the ""First Chapter"" we are allowed to Sprint, Call for our son Callum, and examine clues that give us more information on the theme park. While calling for Callum a blur will appear on your screen indicating you to go whatever dirction and Callum will call out with a ""THIS WAY MOMMY!"" Which adds some creepiness to the story. The atmosphere of the Park is actually pretty chilling. I did play with the brightness up slightly higher than suggested which may have affected some of the more ominous and scary portions of the first chapter. At this point, Callum has us running to the Swan Ride, on the way there we learn that the Mascot forThe Park""Steve/Chad the Squirrel"" is not liked very much and people think the person is a creep. After going down this small hill ight inside of the park, we are greeted by Callum and watch him joyously jump onto a swan boat and take the dark ride into the tunnel. We then get on the next boat and venture into the cavern, where we are greeted with ""Hanzel and Gretel"" projected onto the cave walls. The story goes through how their parents hated them, to the point they were going to leave them in the forest to die. Hanzel is like ""I'll go out and make a trail of rocks and breadcrumbs to the house!"" But we all know it doesn't work and birds eat that♥♥♥♥♥♥right up. Anyways, they find a house made of candy after being dropped off in the forest and let to die for three days. Hanzel, being the little tubby he is, ate the walls of the candy house. An older woman then comes out and offers them food. Little did they know she wanted to eat poor little tubby. Gretel being the smart gal she is, asks the witch how to clean the oven properly and then rightfully pushes her in. Then the kids eat the witch and are so filled and happy. During this story the boat is knocked around a couple of times and the Mascot, Chad, is seen inside watching us for a breif moment.Chapter 2After this boat ride, we are allowed to venture over to the Ferris Wheel. The Ferris wheel portion of the game provides us with all the info we need to start to feel horrible for our character. We learn her husband died while she was pregnant with Callum. We also learn that all we wanted for Callum was to have a great life, but unfortunately his sister died a still born. So we filled the part of his sister and his mother. The ferris wheel starts to creek and turn as we get more and more depressed thinking over how our life was. Once we get off the ferris wheel we are led down another hill, where we learn that the park was built on old haunted land. We also learn that people died all the time while this park was being built.Chapter 3After we learn this, we go to the Bumper Cars where we learn that our character was hospitalized and injected and tested on with something. Nothing much else is learned other than we're depressed. during the end of the chapter, a bumper car taes life and starts to drive wildly towards us, unfortunately this game does not come with audio sliders, so the music was so loud compared to the SFX. Nothing was terrifying due to this.Chapter 4We head over to this lake with this weird carnival theme. There's a giant spinning ride in the center of a pier, with extremely loud, over used, carnival music. I just ran around the entier pier neglecting anything scary, looking for clues about the park and my character. Fortunately, this area is saved by the backstory of ""Steve/Chad the Mascot."" This is where we see an Eye-Witness report of a murder that Chad commited. A person waiting in line was watching Chad make an ice sculpture, as he was very good at it. Chad was seen taking his time, but whatever he was carv ing had so much detail people could not look away. The eye witness reports seeing a face popping out of the ice, with no eyes and no teeth. Just as the eye witness was looking at the sculptor, two teens walked over and laughed at Chad. Chad took the ice pick and stabbed the teenagers over and over, until he got an eyeball out and put it in the hole of the ice sculptor.This was a pretty interesting eye-witness report and it got my hopes up that Chad would soon scare the poop outta me.Soon after this report, we walk up a hill to an employees room, where we learn a fellow employee of Chad had died. This employee had a note written saying how Chad never took the suit off, and it stank like decaying flesh. The employee said they hated Chad and sometimes he would walk over and stare at her. As soon as we put the note down, the lights on the inside of the room flash and we can see Chad's siloutte standing over an employee, holding his ice pick.Chapter 5We head over to the carnival section of the map, but this area provides us with little to no information. The only detail here is that a child was killed behind the cotton candy maker. then we go into this weird psychadelic world, which feels like an Oxy trip, where everything is slow motion and the devil's laughter echoes in the background. Nothing more than that... We pic kup a bottle of pills and a roller coaster ticket thoughChapter 6 [/]The roller coaster opens a whole new perspective on our character. During our ride, we are greeted by a mysterious slender-man esq, person who is telling us how horrible we are. As we ride the coaster, we get these insane strobe lights which are supposedly flash backs to the hospital when we were having Callum. This idea was horrible by design and horrible narritavely. It provided little and was only to show that the game would have a roller coaster. We pick up our first and only item, the Flashlight.Chapter 7We head into the house fo horrors where we learn...! WeKILLED CALLUM!We also learn that we are in purgatory, and we have to relive the same day over and over. The same scene over and over. I must have walked through the same area 11 times. Each with slighly changed and more evil aspects. We learn that we are the Ice pick killer, and that Callum was the innocent victim behind the cotton candy tent. Then that's the end of the game. It was an okay expirece.ProsAlright narrativeInteresting lore and back story for the parkAtmopshereConsGameplay was extremely boringLinear story lineNo items are secretsOverallI'd give this game a6/10It was alright, the only redeeming quality is the atmosphere. If you like dark themed areas and spooky theme parks, this is your kind of game"
76561198026342016,Recommended,402020,34990671,Posted: 16 September,all,x-BallisticFUSION-x,"Absolutely incredible story. Shame of the price due to the game being only around 2 hours long. However, story is what matters and achievements are easy gathered. A must buy if you love phycological thrillers. Also extra features added into the Secret World if you play it. Overall 9/10"
76561198087345773,Recommended,402020,35284601,Posted: 28 September,all,sunny29990,"Ok, I have mixed feelings about this game and I love psychological horror games. I have played lots of them. First of all I would like to say that the settings of this game are done quite well. The amusement park is spooky and eerie and reminded me of those classic childhood horror movies of abandoned haunted parks. It felt really good to explore and soak in the atmosphere and enjoy the rides.But apart from that the story is told in a very ambiguous way dropping us with some vague clues on what happened with the main character but clearly not explaining enough to build an assumed explanation. I have played a similar psychedelic horror game like this, ""Layers Of Fear"" and even though it was also ambiguous it clearly dropped enough clues to form some explanations on what happened.  While the story of this game is quite engaging it would have done some more effort to explain on what exactly happened. Add to the fact that I got to know later that it was made  as a spin off and is set in the same universe as another game ""The Secret World"" made it more confusing. I can think of one or two things that may have happened but not enough to get a satisfying conclusion. It could have been so much more as the game definitely had the standards to be a good psychological horror game from the rest of the things it did.The rides in the game offered a little insight into the mindset of the main character and they were unique in itself. Also, the graphics were really beautiful and creepy and the game performance was good. I just wish the story could have been a little more polished so that I could have enjoyed it more. I never complain about the length of a game because if i enjoyed it for the time i played it then its good enough for me. You can buy this game on a sale and play it to experience the game settings and atmosphere of the amusement park. Other than that, I am hopeful the developers will make a more engaging story driven title in the future for us horror fans."
,Not Recommended,402020,20334436,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Kozi,"I spook easy. Game even failed to achieve that though. Too short, looked okay, but  not worth the original price."
,Recommended,402020,20558481,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Hina,"100/100Will play it again!Possibly one of the best games I've ever played. Its short, the story is amazing and the jump scares are well worth playing it. All in all, if you love horror games, this is for you!"
,Recommended,402020,20563811,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Endyamon,"this game is just freaking scary  tbh, i almost pee on my pants a little times, if you haven't play this, just killyourself"
,Not Recommended,402020,19025167,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,aessari,"I bought the game, expecting to be scared and♥♥♥♥♥♥my pants. Unfortunatly that was only for a small portion of the game.Instead I giggled mostly, and the plot was obvious and bad executed in my opinion.Refunded."
,Not Recommended,402020,18916927,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Frostjaw,"So, this is a tricky one. The game feels like its good. It's well narrated, plot ain't that bad (you see most of it coming when half the game is over, and trust me, that is really soon!) and it's very well designed visually.Besides, for those of you who've played Funcom's The Secret World, it might give you some interesting side-views on it's universe.That said, the game is definitely NOT worth it's cost. I would recommend the purchase if the game cost arround half what it costs now.So yeah, the overall experience is great.Just not worth the price."
76561198192830459,Recommended,402020,18997682,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,Red Leg,"Beautiful plot, 10/10!, highly recommend people who are interested in good thriller game. The negative about this game is its length."
76561198093054323,Recommended,402020,20552567,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,AH_Atomic,"Meh... I mean the ending is just like ""wtf????"", but all in all it's a pretty good game."
76561198024957657,Recommended,402020,30627540,Posted: 19 March,all,ChaosBat,"This game is a short story of a woman, a boy, and an event at a amusment park.  It is a creepy, jumpy ride but the story laid out is not about what is around us but the twisted insides of our own minds. Be thrilled and chilled at the Atlantic Island Park."
,Recommended,402020,30656018,Posted: 21 March,all,Dollique,This game is all about the atmosphere of an abandonned amusement park.I think that this game is not really comparable with other horror games as it's not about being startled but more experiencing an atmosphere that gives you goose bumps all the time.Absolutely worth it!Pros:- Fantastic graphics creates perfect atmosphere- Nice but short story- The cutscenes OMGCons:- Story is a bit short- I got all achievements in just 2h (too easy)
76561198363929877,Recommended,402020,30784310,Posted: 27 March,all,Druid Plow,"I didnt stop playing till the end. The atmosphere reminded me of Alan Wake, and I enjoyed seeing a couple bits that pointed towards stephen king's ""the shining'."
,Recommended,402020,30662379,Posted: 21 March,all,Mad Hatter,"Fun little walking simulator with a dark, twisted story. I wouldn't buy it at full price, though; wait until it goes on sale. I got just under two hours of gameplay, though ""gameplay"" likely isn't the best word choice here. If you're a fan of linear, story-driven walking simulators, and expect nothing more than that, pick this up and give it a go.Playing through it, I couldn't help but think that a lot of the scares could have been done better, and the environment could have had a lot more substance. The way the story unfolds is nice, and the reveal at the end brings a satisfying conclusion to the story, but the game wasn't terribly stimulating. While I prefer my horror games without enemies, this one definitely could have used some quicktime events and puzzles. If you're going to eliminate the risk, you have to substitute it with challenge."
76561198138253894,Recommended,402020,18944029,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Re5pectWomen,"Short, yes but the most fun I have ever had in a horror game I mean I have lots of screenshots of the game to prove that. Its script is amazing with the main character talking about her life through out the game and the changes callum has had on her. The graphics were great for a small game meaning a business i have never heard of could produce such great graphics. The ending though was strange and for you to see for yourself."
76561198050150992,Recommended,402020,20530732,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,FieryCandy,A great naritive atmospheric game. A must play for fans of naritive horror games. Id say the atmosphere is simular to Among the Sleep (exept you dont hide from monsters in this one). so anyone who loves that game will likly love this one.
76561198201642555,Recommended,402020,31068385,Posted: 10 April,all,roxasthe13th,This is one of the best horror game that i have played.I totally recommend it
,Not Recommended,402020,23877760,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Bieeanda,"Terrible. Simply dull. There are a handful of jump scares, and some parts where the edges of the screen throbs when it's apparently supposed to be scary, but this is just a bore.I play The Secret World, the MMO that this ties into, and the story honestly plays out better without the supernatural elements. The connections are tenuous, and without the threat of fighting zombies and weirdness like you do in TSW, there's absolutely no tension.It works as a hallucinatory meditation on grief, abuse, and mental health issues, but it fails completely as a spookshow. I can't recommend this unless you're a TSW player who wants the tie-in loot, and even then I can't recommend it at full price.Oh, and if nothing works when you first run the game, quit out and restart. Yeah, it's one of those."
76561198083245882,Recommended,402020,24297735,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Fish_is_Yummy,"I didnt like it it, too scarrryy so i loved it!!! hgmhmhmmhmhmhmhmmghmhmhymhmmhmh"
,Recommended,402020,26296106,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,BALLIN' OFF GOVERNMENT CHECKS,"A walking simulator, but a pretty good one. Unlike other walking simulators (most of which are utter trash -- I'm looking at you Everybody's Gone to Rapture), they give you the ability to run with an actual normal run speed.Music is good. Voice acting is good. Graphics are pretty. Game is short."
,Recommended,402020,26279778,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,My Purple Bottle,I actually like this game.9/10 Atmosphere of Atlantic Island Park10/10 Graphics9/10 Story3/10 Horror5/10 ThrillerYou should buy this game if you have TSW and if have discount :D
,Recommended,402020,18783757,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Shrunken Ned,Interesting Story! However lots of jumpscares. 7/10
76561198200701363,Recommended,402020,18874007,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Realgamerforlife1,i recorded a video of this 1 hour series and i have to say they did a very well good job with it i wish it was longer check out the video and judge it your self.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8FDPdgPmBuc
76561198165413952,Recommended,402020,18876931,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,hotsodajerk,"I've read the good and the bad reviews, and ultimately a game like 'The Park' will be polarizing. On one hand the story, being widely open to interpretation, will leave some unsatisfied and wanting a clearer explanation. On the other hand, there are those like me who don't mind filling in the blanks with my imagination and taking in the atmosphere.The game, for the most part, falls just short of scary, the focus being more on the the protagonist's increasing panic at the thought of losing her child than the cheap jump scares and monsters we're so used to encountering in modern horror titles. It is a descent into horror rather than a trip through it. It starts 'Ether One,' takes a turn into a 'Silent Hill' atmosphere, then makes a very smooth transition to the psychological horrors of titles such as 'PT' and 'Layers of Fear.'I loved this game. It was just the right length to match the pacing of the increased intensity and it left me wanting more. I will definitely be trying out TSW now, knowing that this game weaves into the lore of that title.One issue and it seems to be a common one. I had huge frame rate problems on any settings above high with 2X AA. That seems to be the magic combination of settings in case anyone else is having these issues."
76561198029970359,Recommended,402020,18772913,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Andistotle,"Great atmosphere. great game. Quite a different experience compared to other games in this genre. I recomend playing it. Its short, but around the same length as a movie."
,Recommended,402020,18774598,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,mcwizardry,"A short, surreal narrative experience with a few horror elements. Definitely recommended if you like games in this genre."
76561198021195207,Recommended,402020,18768501,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Pc Toby,"Just finished the game. Nice length for this kind of game.I would give the story 9/10 (I didn't get all of it...)The atmosphere ♥♥♥♥ing 11/10 amazing. It was so spooky and creepy.The music/ soundtrack... Some places it was great, but some it was kinda lacking (Just my opinion) 7/10All in all a amazing horror game for a Halloween special on my channel. :DI recommend this game to anyone who needs a scare with depth and a really REALLY dark story.Also the fairy tale thing (I don't want to spoil) ♥♥♥♥ING SWEET!"
76561197999437875,Recommended,402020,18781901,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,from out of Nowhere,I enjoyed this game though I got it on a discount. It is pretty short.I took my time to read and get as much of the items/notes as I can while wandering around and trying to call for the kid. This game is more for slow build-up/atmosphere which ramps up near the end. Not recommended if you want a fast heart-pumping thriller most of the way type of thing.More for slowly learning the story and how it eventually crashes down on the main character.
76561198031794528,Recommended,402020,18875932,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Theholyevil,"The Park as a game was more of an eye opener for me than a horror thriller. I could not classify this as a game, as that would assume I was not on rails most of the time. I would have to say this is an immersive movie with controls to get you to the other part of the story.For only 1:30 hours long, I would have to say I felt like I spent some decent money. The story itself is shocking. There were times that I felt scared to look around a corner, though most of the times, only a weird anamation was there to greet you.Only advice I could give, is if you are expecting a horror title, turn around. You will only find a mild form of it here. If you would like a story with some horror mixed in, this is the game for you."
76561198032149172,Recommended,402020,18888092,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,SD the Elf,"The Park is a wonderful little experance for the world of The Secret World. It is set in Atlantic park on Soloman Island.The game over all was not too scary, it definitly set a nice mood though out it all and I did like a lot of what it was doing over all with the character and how it all tied together. Is the game a masterpeice? No, far from it. But the game does have a nice plot to it with a decent mystery going on for it.As for the bad parts about it, the game is short. I am not going to lie. It takes two hours or less to finish the game, but the Devs have that mentioned in the main part of the store so it isn't too big of an issue. And secondly, there isn't anything trying to kill you in the game. Nothing can hurt you and as far as I can tell though out the entire thing, nothing can kill you in the game. One other complaint which was mentioned a few times by others, the handwriten notes are too hard to read.But, as I said, I am recomending it as a nice little continuation of the TSW world as well as the plot though it all and how it is told has been simply wonderful. so in that if I had to rate it, I would say 8/10 over all."
76561198188538691,Recommended,402020,18783371,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,pkeifer1661,It plays kinda choppy on my computer. but great story
,Recommended,402020,18883188,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Catastasis,"I am the worst when it comes to horror games but I didn't find it overbearing. I think I jumped maybe twice. This is more of a story than a horror - the story is interesting!I think Secret World players like myself will appreciate it the most.The gameplay is identical to Dear Esther (you walk around and interact with letters and notes, while a voice is narrating).If you like a good story then I recommend this game."
76561198025253878,Recommended,402020,18768560,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Nateryl,This is a short game and you just walk in a straight path for 1 hour. As a secret world fan I loved this anyways!
,Recommended,402020,18885276,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Dort,"Pretty solid, quick horror game. Really nice, but slightly cliche story. Tension grows greatly at the beginning, but falls off slowly through the story. Took me about 40 minutes to beat, missing 2 achievements."
,Recommended,402020,18783481,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Thaumaton,"The Park has been called a 'walking simulator' and as far as gameplay goes, that's exactly what it is. This isn't for someone who wants a game, but it's absolutely for someone who wants a good story. The atmosphere is intensely creepy and there were plenty of times I didn't want to continue. It made swan boats terrifying. It's not perfect and I thought that the pacing could be better, but I've spent $10 on far worse. And if you already like The Secret World universe, just get it."
76561198014494408,Recommended,402020,18773846,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,malrin,"I'll keep it nice and short.This game takes place in TSW and it really feels like a mission in the game but a lot more on the rails. This is both the game's biggest asset as well as it's major failing. It is very atmospheric horror (with a few jump scares). Would I recommend the game? Yes, but only if you are willing to pay 10 bucks for 1 hr of game. I like TSW and I hope that if they release more standalone games like this they will make them more replayable (and longer).TL;DR6/10Pretty decent atmosphere, Very short, jump scares, no replayability."
76561198011917951,Recommended,402020,18991263,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,anorsworthy,"The Park is a fascinating experience.  You start the game at the entrance of an amusement park, with your child having left behind his teddy bear in the park. When you go to the help desk, your child runs in and you must follow his trail through the park.I'm actually fine with the concept of an ""interactive movie"", and I'm particularly open to ones in the horror genre. The Park was more memorable than I had hoped. The early parts can be a bit slow, but the game steadily picks up as you get further along. The game doesn't rely on the creepiness of the park alone. A lot of the game is focused on exploring the psychological state of the mother, and watching her mind unravel the deeper she goes into the park.While I was satisfied with the overall experience, I do feel that the developers  could've done more in certain areas.  The areas of the park seem bigger than they need to be. Not that I explored every nook and cranny, but I did try to look around, and it seems like there's not usually a reward for going off the beaten path. One of the things I value most in horror games aren't the monsters or the jumpscares, but finding creepy little oddities scattered around the environment. Although ""following the trail"" is an important theme in the game, I think there could've been a bit more detail for the players who like to explore. Like many horror games, there's a large focus on reading notes. But in many cases, the letters are way too small, and I had to practically press my face against my screen to be able to make out what they said.The game really has two stories, the history and nature of the park, and exploring the character of the mother. By the end, I felt like one was resolved, and the other wasn't. I've never played The Secret World and I don't know anything about it, and perhaps playing that game would clear up the remaining questions I have, but a spin-off should be able to stand on its own. It seems that a large part of the story is symbolic, but I feel that may have resulted in a somewhat weak ending.I did have noticeable frame rate issues, but my PC is fairly old by now, and I don't have the technical know-how to say if it's my computer or the game. The indoor areas usually ran fine though.If you aren't put off by a lack of real gameplay and just want to immerse yourself in the story and the environment, then I would definitely recommend playing through The Park."
76561198069646175,Recommended,402020,20494382,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Timbuck2,"So far, this game is by far one of the scariest I've played yet. You just have to walk and have this fear of someone watching you."
,Recommended,402020,29485210,Posted: 25 January,all,CityBear,"Good game, great atmosphere.When I said game I was kind of pushing it, though. It's more of an interactive story. And it's quite short, but I still enjoyed the ride."
76561198089891321,Not Recommended,402020,19960570,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,sleeveid,"very , very short game full of clichés. Some good ideas but the experience remains incomplete..a stoyr like this should have been more developped....."
,Recommended,402020,32304808,Posted: 9 June,all,Lord Nora,Great! <3
76561198113612384,Recommended,402020,18777457,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Rósa Dögg Jónsdóttir,"Enjoyed the game allot. I played in the dark, with headphones and no disturbance and got really immersed in the story. The feeling of dread building slowly as the game went on, and the knot in my stomac after I finished it stayed for a while.Recommend if you like to uncover the horror and want to take the time to look around, read the notes, and think about what you see and hear.It probably helped that I've played TSW and knew the story of the park, and recognized the names and some of the incidents.. the main story though doesn't need knowledge of TSW to enjoy it, it should still give you shivers."
,Recommended,402020,18770297,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,IRONHATEN,"I REALLY ENJOYED THIS... WOULD RECOMMEND!!!It is a very short horror game built on exploration and narrative. The graphics look really good and all the rides you can actually ride. It is a very enjoyable little game. I didn't like it how there was no run and hide gameplay, that would have been really cool and scary! It's a horror walking simulator, with some jumpscares and good story telling.ALL IN ALL... ITS ONE SPINNING GOOD TIME!!!If you want to see a let's play, you can view mine over here, I will give you a warning - my let's plays are a little different from others...https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1PbGn1vOOkg"
76561198262852681,Recommended,402020,19929768,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Little Triggered Riding Boi,Some times a bit scary. A pretty intense and emotional game! :D
,Not Recommended,402020,30387871,Posted: 8 March,all,Gurtec,SHORT AS HELL
76561198021990917,Recommended,402020,24254996,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Boardy1976,"Ignore reviews saying its too short, pick it up in the sale for a few quid.I'd rather have 2 hours of compelling gameplay than 12 hours of monotonous gameplay."
76561198052616734,Recommended,402020,18934112,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Hector Trelane,"Great writing, creepy atmosphere. An immersive narrative game that does a good job of creating horror rather than terror."
,Recommended,402020,22449703,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Etherus,"Short game but worth it! especially if you play ""The Secret World"" this is a great addition."
76561198068937790,Recommended,402020,22562696,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,vincentlaughton,This is a great game. Way to go Funcom. The only drawback that I had...it was short.
76561198032542687,Recommended,402020,18804210,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,darxide23,"I'll start off by saying that I'm a huge fan of The Secret World and generally enjoy the work that Funcome does. I have my issues with Funcom and they way they have handled things historically, but my opinion of them remains overall positive.Overall, I recommend this game to anyone who likes psychological horror games like Silent Hill and/or modern atmospheric story telling games like Gone Home or The Vanishing of Ethan Carter. If I were to give it a numbered rating I would give it a 7.5 or 8 out of 10. Pretty good, but not without it's flaws.A lot may think that a 7.5 out of 10 is too high for what this game is, but I argue that the game did not try to be more than it was and we all knew the game was merely a story telling medium. An interactive movie if you will. At right around two hours, this is a pretty accurate description.The developers got the atmosphere right. It begins shortly after the game starts and doesn't let up. You go from ride to ride in The Park while the protagonist gives some exposition in between. This breaks up the tension nicely without completely ruining it, although I feel like there were just too many points where the suspense that had been so masterfully built up was not capitalized upon. I get that buildup of tension just to have it turn out to be a ""false alarm"" is something horror movies do on the regular, but The Park abuses this too much. When the scares finally do happen, they don't feel quite as intense as they could. You're more relieved that they finally happened and it wasn't another empty build up.There are references gallore to the people, places, and lore of Solomon Island that players of The Secret World will love. I know I did. They are seemlessly integrated into the game world, though. They aren't obvious fan service and anybody who has never played The Secret World should not feel lost or feel like they are missing something. It was all done very organically.Finally, there's the bit about the ending. Without spoilers, I will have to say that I'm most disappointed in the ending of the game. There was too little resolution, too many unanswered questions. Unanswered questions are the bread and butter of this type of game, but there were just too many of them. It almost feels like none of the loose threads were tied up at the end so instead of an intreaging mystery, you're left with a tattered tapestry that is unraveling around itself. This is especially disappointing since Funcom's main strength is story telling and the game directory, Joel Bylos, is usually extremely strong in this respect. I feel that this might have been the result of the game not being intended for public release when they began working on it. It started as a learning project for Funcom to learn the Unreal Engine. Mabye I'm off in my assumption, but that's how it feels. This is where the game lost most of the points and leads me to give it a 7.5 out of 10.tl;dr: It was worth the experience, but could have been so much more."
,Recommended,402020,18806088,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Roundaround,"Great game for those looking for a spook and can't handle the fast-paced chase games like Outlast and The Evil Within.  Quite short, but tells a very well executed story that leaves you breathless.  A definite recommendation."
,Recommended,402020,21972289,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,Typhoon Jim,"Fun, but very flawed. Serious pacing and structure issues in the first half, however the literal descent of the second half was well done.I actually thought knowledge of TSW detracted from the experience. Turned some moments that might have been scary into ""Oh, it's *that* guy. Hello, That Guy, I beat the hell out of you with fist knives a while back. You drop terrible gear now, so I won't be seeing you again.""Grab it when it's on some extreme sale, if the idea of a 5 dollar an hour game bothers you. I for one think the world could use more games of about this length and hope Funcom refines their design. They are on the right track, just not arrived yet. Overall, an aspirational 6/10."
76561197994892784,Recommended,402020,34203919,Posted: 12 August,all,Drunkfu,"Not a bad game, not worth 13 bucks though. I believe I got it on sale and it sat in my library for a while.  Kinda like playing a horror movie. Scarries tthing that happened was a glich I encountered in the bumper cars where one of them got knocked off funny through the ground so when i turned around it looked like a fantasy archway and doorway to hell that was constantly twitching at the far end of the rink...getting closer and closer ... and then it turned sideways and I saw it was a bumper car clipping through the ground.I liked the spot in Secret World though, so this was an interesting thing."
,Recommended,402020,35155569,Posted: 23 September,all,Paws4Effect,"I had alot of fun playing this game.I spent the most of the time at the edge of my seat, screaming and covering my face as things poped out at me.I would definately play this game again"
,Recommended,402020,22345721,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,ChibiMoon🌙,"the game so great and i love it , but there is one prob i hope the game should make longer than this"
76561198129936651,Recommended,402020,33725486,Posted: 22 July,all,kokiri1232,"The Park, first off I like to say I am not a big fan of Massively Multiplayer game. I like single player games, myself. So when I heard/saw that the people behind the game Secret World, was making a single player game, it pitted my interest. So I got and I liked it, now I will not say it’s perfect there are problems, but a lot of them can be fixed with a DLC or a Sequel.But let’s talk about them.One it is a little short, I mean you could beat it in maybe two or three hours.Two the game leaves you with unanswered questions. You see in the game there are notes and newspaper clippings not just about you, but the park and chad the chipmunk and the owner Mr. Winter, but it does not say more, the game just gives you the bare essentials.But with that said the story was good and scary, it had a good creepy atmosphere, and it new when to use jump scares. So all in all this is a good scary game, and I hope they make a thepark 2 someday."
,Recommended,402020,22362689,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,longbeard180,"Think of Gone Home except jump scares and a far more disturbing story. Takes about three hours to beat, but it is a very immersive and thought provoking time! The ending leaves you to your own interpretation based on the clues and story you picked up through your time in the park."
76561198034985967,Recommended,402020,33611164,Posted: 17 July,all,DrMurdockKawfi,"This game is a good choice for people who are interested in horror, but don't want anything too scary. Nothing can hurt you, and the themes are reflective and emotional. I enjoyed the game, but I will be returning it and won't be rushing to play it again any time soon. Unreliable narrators are always enjoyable, and the most fun for me came out of trying to piece together truth from fiction in the world around me. The biggest mark against this game in my oppinion is the ending, which I think went more for shock value than trying to be faithful to the themes of the story. I would say that you don't need to play this game, watching a lets play on youtube would achieve the same thing."
76561197968042718,Recommended,402020,18805836,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Patrick,"Excellent game, good graphics,brilliant ending if very disturbing. Would recommend."
,Recommended,402020,35092807,Posted: 20 September,all,TOG | Nadaji,"I've been waiting for about a year to buy this game, and it was worth the wait. The reviews at the release were not the best, so I waited, like I do for most game, to catch it on a sale. It was 100% woth the $6 I paid for it, and honestly I wouldn't have been to disappointed at the full price, but I understand why people could get upset at the price.I have always loved the idea and feel of TSW, just not the execution. I followed TSW for years before release, was part of the beta and bought the game at launch. While the story was brilliant and the atmosphere was exactly what most mmorpgs are missing, the gameplay of TSW sucked♥♥♥♥♥ It was too time consuming, the combat felt like♥♥♥♥♥♥ it was confusing, and very grindy. I still wish I could play a GTA version of TSW, and just enjoy the universe on my term. Perhaps, one of these days.The park is a nice tease of the possiblity that game makers could do with a old MMORPG world. Could you imagine if WoW made little story driven games out of the Warcraft world. It would be fantastic and great money grab. Hell, I can think of several MMORPGs I'd love to experience a Park version of. Keep it up Funcom. We need more TSW story games, and don't forget to make a GTA, open world version for us to♥♥♥♥♥♥around in."
76561198051695229,Recommended,402020,22017768,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Versella,"This is a dark, beautiful and intense game. The story is excellent and heartbreaking. The devs really put in the effort visually and narratively, and the voice actors brought it all together. My only issue, really, is that it's a bit too short. I didn't feel slighted -- just wished it had lasted longer.Definitely recommend this game, just might also recommend you wait until it's on sale. Not sure $12.99 is worth a two-hour story. I don't feel like I wasted money on it, but I know some people might. So just a heads up."
,Recommended,402020,35203119,Posted: 25 September,all,Necroknight76,A lot of good jump scares andtThe ending is pretty intense.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SqrFCIXRMTY
76561197964865460,Recommended,402020,18806132,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Phirmware,"Realize what you're getting before buying this game.It's a narative driven short story.  Yes there are a couple of jump-scares, but that's not really whatr the Park is about.It's short, yes.  Can be completed in a couple of hours.  But there's no filler here, just what needs to be to move the story along.I liked the game.  It was a nice little diversion for a couple of hours and I actually really felt for the protagonist, felt sorry for her.My only complaint would be that it could have had a stronger ending.  I almost felt cheated."
,Recommended,402020,22305361,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,starfirewitch,I enjoyed the visuals in this game. Very rich. The story line was good. The ending a bit strange. I'm going to have to go through it again to unlock two last achievements so maybe I will pick up on somehting I might have missed. My only complaint would honestly be just how short it is. I was hoping for longer. But in the short time it took to finish I did indeed enjoy it.
,Not Recommended,402020,23971517,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Gabriel Cyphre,"Horrible plot, Pointless endings. Cool atmosphere, but everything doesn't worth the price. I don't recommand to buy it, unless one day will cost less than 1 euro."
76561198013104031,Not Recommended,402020,18719829,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,気持ち悪い,"Seems to be aiming for Silent Hill 2, but ends up being listen to a woman complain about her life, get a jump scare, repeat. It does get legitimately creepy near the end, but overall it's disappointing. It wasn't as good as something like The Moon Sliver. Also, according to the forums, if you want to know the whole story you have to play an MMO, which is annoying."
,Not Recommended,402020,18759517,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Gamer Girl,"The definition of walking simulator.The writing is trite, the character models are atrocious and the game barely clocks in at over an hour.Having said all that, it's one of my favourite areas from The Secret World recreated in far higher detail (and the enviroment looks great). That alone made it worth it for me, but I honestly can't recommend it to anybody else."
,Not Recommended,402020,18721470,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Tony Pajamas,"Slow walking simulator with more jump scares than actual horror.The highlight of this game is a 15 minute P.T.-esque sequence at the end, which fails to live up to the original.That duck ride in the beginning is easily 5 minutes longer than it has to be.I won't refund it, but I can't recommend it."
76561198010932618,Not Recommended,402020,18728949,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Wh1teL1ghtn1ng,that was it...?
,Recommended,402020,34440647,Posted: 23 August,all,Scranton.Chris,TOO SHORRRT
,Recommended,402020,18714169,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Tzunny,"Missed to play a game like this, good job FC!Short one but the story is great, worth the few bucks, but haters gonna hate anyway.. will enjoy it by Halloween!Finnished in 1 go getting all achieves to, last part was nice but the final was like ""wtf"", hope at a 2nd part.. to be continued.Money wasted ? Not at all, one of the games where any cent was well invested, so you guys cheap mofo's stop whine !"
,Recommended,402020,18716988,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,☆S l e n d e r l o l i☆,"Pretty cool game! Ten bucks sounds expensive, but if you think about it, going to a horror movie or a haunted house costs about that much. And for me it wasn't all that short, I took it very slow, exploring everywhere and taking it in, and it took me about 3 hours!"
76561198256528057,Recommended,402020,18711480,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Housatonic,"I'm spoiled. Spoiled rotten, actually.It's a solid game - it looks good, it mostly uses its scares quite well, sets the atmosphere, and follows a spiral I quite enjoy.Yet, the main thought that keeps popping up in my mind is ""...but, it doesn'tquiteget that TSW touch.""It felt like a kind of little brother to the MMO to me before, and even more so now.I would absolutely recommend The Park to anyone interested in giving it a go, but would also recommend TSW to anyone who enjoyed it. It takes the good stuff you also find in The Park, and gives them a whole universe to play with."
,Recommended,402020,18713795,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Brahem,"broke chairscreamed 3 times like little girlalmost broke my glassesand did not even finish it yet and fear to finish itthat the real meaning of horro game-- Edit --after finishing it, i actually asked my little brother who's 8 years old and more brave than me to finish it while i scream behind him.anyway the edit is to say that i had 3 more screams."
,Not Recommended,402020,24976477,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Mr. Cynical,Very short and the same sort of non-interactive linear walking simulator as Gone Home. Finished it within the refund period playing together with another (we were not hurrying and actually ended up backtracking several times by accident). Not worth the price of admission.
,Recommended,402020,19725386,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,MegadethStar,"This game foucuses a lot on the atmosphere and story telling, but it does an execelent job with it. Very creepy and packed with some good scares.10/10 would whack-a-jack again"
76561198015964240,Recommended,402020,19708427,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Kennis,"Bought a single-player game and never finished it? Yepp, me too! However with this game I got to finish it in one evening! I usually end up using several weeks or even months to finish up single-player games, so it was great to finish it in one evening."
,Not Recommended,402020,19021863,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,Chihuahua,"I was super excited to play this game, but it only took me 52 minutes to beat the game, along with not a too amazing story line. If you want to play a horror game but don't want to waste more than an hour on this game, get it! It has a very well developed environment with jumpscares that actually got me. It was fun while the game lasted but as I said before it isn't very long of a game."
,Not Recommended,402020,22743149,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,iivs,"The story is good and the game looks nice, but it's too expensive for 1,5h game."
,Not Recommended,402020,20301519,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Pip,"The Game has to be played on Low to achieve fluent Frame Rates. That was a major turn off for me. Furthermore, the woman constantly speaking breaks the very little tension that it builds. I didn't find it scary and so I have requested a refund. That's how I see it and so it's a NO from me."
,Not Recommended,402020,28848971,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Ghost ( Knightzlash ),It's alright. should be cheaper
76561198031530121,Not Recommended,402020,33085549,Posted: 1 July,all,Harlequin of Hate,Nah.  I'd rather have my 1.4 hours back.
76561198030287831,Not Recommended,402020,18986354,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,Mikeblackwolf,"Some cheap jump scares, though the rollercoaster park in the car was good. the ending was pure horseXXXp.I'm glad I bought it on sale as I would not pay full price for thisThe playtime was onr playthough and I highly doubt I will play it again, though I might let friends play it to see thier reactions."
,Recommended,402020,18750629,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Ralf T,"The dark atmosphere of the game is great and contains some nice jump scares. The story is nicely build up, but unfortunately didn't grab me like the brilliant one in Gone Home. Don't expect any puzzles on your way, but personally I believe a game like this don't need them. The last section of the game is the better part of The Park, although the ending is a bit of a let down, in my opinion.The graphics are good. I'm forced to play the game on low detail settings and a 1366x768 resolution on my laptop (with an AMD A10-5750M APU), but it still looks acceptable that way. Only some letters in the game are a bit hard to read. The music and sound effects are nice and really fit the situations you encounter (headphones are highly recommended). I also like the voice acting.As you may have already read The Park is short. With 1.5 to 2 hours it's actually very short for a game. But it's worth your money if you're a fan of psychological horror games and you enjoy playing interactive exploration simulators like Gone Home."
,Recommended,402020,18755869,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Niscimble,"If you liked Dear Esther, you'd probably enjoy this as well.  This game is pretty short relative to other games, but I find it more akin to a scary movie than a game.  It took me about 2 hours to get through, which for most people wouldn't justify a $10 price tag.  Understandable.  As far as the actual gameplay goes, I very much enjoyed it, however there is about zero replay value.  The graphics are amazing, but that goes without saying since it is using the Unreal 4 engine.  To sum up, I'd say it was worth the purchase.  I'd give it a 8/10."
,Recommended,402020,18826487,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Spectral Anklebiter,Nice and creepy.
76561198123847522,Recommended,402020,18753369,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,chidester.christian,i've never played a horror game before but i have seen many gamers playing some. and i think this game was worth the buy.
76561198139477622,Not Recommended,402020,18805979,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Thunder Bunny!!!♥,Not as good as I thought it would be......
76561198064149112,Recommended,402020,18825416,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,TK29,"I’ve always thought things like urban exploring were super cool. I used to work for a certain media giant and its theme parks and exploring the abandoned and left to rot secrets there were some of the most thrilling experiences I’ve had in my life. So when I started seeing The Park in my recommended titles I knew it was for me. A horror walking simulator in an abandoned theme park? Sounds awesome. I have never played or even heard of The Secret World prior to playing this.The Park creates an awesome atmosphere through great graphics and narrative story telling. The narration is well voice acted and the monologue does well progressing the story. Each ride felt pretty real and I loved that they weren’t cut scenes and that you had full control of the camera on each ride. The climax of the game was super creepy and really tense. The way the notes are scattered and written is great too. If you take the time to read them you’ll have some idea what’s going on. If you don’t read any of them you’ll have no idea what’s happening. I like that in this type of game. It provides incentive. At the end of the game I was really enjoying myself. I was creeped out and trying to piece together what exactly was going on. Then, sadly, they completely ruined the atmosphere that they had set up and ended the game with a third person cut scene. They give you full control over your character for the entire game and then take it away from you for the ending. I have no idea why someone thought that was a good idea. Yes the game is short, but it isn’t a full retail priced game and the atmosphere is great. Gamers need to stop being brats and expecting 50 hour games for $10. I was definitely willing to purchase additional content for the game, to get more of a picture of what was going on and I was sort of hoping that there would be additional content to do that, but after the ending I’m hesitant and kind of turned off to the story. I enjoyed the game, it’s a good buy for $10 especially since I played through most of it on Halloween but the ending leaves a very bad taste in my mouth.I’ll probably play through one more time to really soak in the atmosphere and get the achievements that I missed but I probably won’t touch it again otherwise. Other horror games like this have been known to follow up with free updates with additional content or maybe even a reasonably priced expansion. Those might get me to come back for another couple of hours but otherwise this is a 10ish dollar one time play through experience. Get it for $10 instead of renting an HD horror movie. Sort of recommend."
,Recommended,402020,23243925,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,threepie,"Great little psychological horror game, good story line which pulls you in from the start and keeps you wanting to know what's going to happen next. The story is sweet and tragic all at the same time as you follow a mother's journey to find her lost son.The gameplay is simple but focused and serves to tell the story well.The graphics are top notch too, you'll want a half decent graphics card to run this one at full specs.Top marks, only wish it was a bit longer."
76561198247918202,Not Recommended,402020,23741975,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,MikeDD86,This game was pretty quick it seemed like it took only a half hour to an hour. No fighting or anything just walking through a story that didn't really make sense. Wish they did more of a serious game I enjoy the scary games that have a good backdrop to it.
,Not Recommended,402020,20735698,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Pixhell,"It's not that interesting. Voice acting is meh. The enviroments look nice, but you've seen it before. The story is fairly predictable. If you're really curious wait for a sale (I wouldn't pay more than $1-3 for it), otherwise don't bother."
,Not Recommended,402020,20755317,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,FurryRaider-Mizu 水,"the game isn't worth $12.99 at best maybe $3. its extremely short, the protagonist is forgettable, the story is forgettable. please don't believe the hype behind this game, there are a few jump scares but thats it. the only reason i can see someone buying this game is for the items they give for TSW"
76561198078671655,Not Recommended,402020,20339008,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,PoSeiDoN,this game is very bad because it is very short and didnot scared me at allfor children only :)
76561198040874695,Not Recommended,402020,22747440,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,sfcerebrate,Tho it's a good looking game... It's WAY too short  and to pricy for a walking sim.
76561198090130754,Recommended,402020,24875078,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Cap'n Crunch,"Beat the game in 101 minutes, and I enjoyed the game so far, just 3 more achievements to go"
76561198021173361,Not Recommended,402020,24242601,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,JakeDaJake,walking
,Not Recommended,402020,23878281,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Kinzer,"More dark than scary. The amount of times I was actually scared I could count on one hand, and they were jump scares.All other 'scares' were terribly predictable. The story isn't that great either."
,Recommended,402020,20109020,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,someonethere369,My game is very laggy and I can't enjoy playing it. :(
76561197970758997,Not Recommended,402020,23544264,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,Astrat,Terrible game...total waste of time and money.
76561198119142305,Not Recommended,402020,19167687,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,jmaunsell,"One of the worst games I have ever played.  Found it boring, too dark to move around and the worst was that it stuttered - crashed most of the time.  I spent more time trying to move than anything else."
76561198158477647,Not Recommended,402020,23093355,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,GameBroy,"what the heck, that was short as hell"
,Recommended,402020,24215061,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Mel,"Quick game, intetesting twist at the end. Fun fun"
,Recommended,402020,29086970,Posted: 7 January,all,Wif,"THE GOOD:Great story, audio was great, subtle system to keep you progressing, varied events/activities.THE BAD:Graphics are ok, story could have been longer for the price, some cheap jump scares.A great linear story game which is more of a walking simulator than a horror game."
,Recommended,402020,30697972,Posted: 23 March,all,seauxsuite,Wow. Scared the hell out of me. Great game. Spooky and shocking. Loved it.
,Not Recommended,402020,31595041,Posted: 6 May,all,nultemp,"was hoping for a survival horror game but got a very linear walking simulator instead but that's on me, what i really dislike about this game is how annoying the protagonist is and she's constantly talking to herself about some pessimistic bs"
76561197984548831,Recommended,402020,18883740,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Wicasawakan,"It's somewhat difficult to put a thumbs up on this but I guess overall it's positive.Pro's:SpookyDarkCreepyGraphically well made and well detailedNo crashes on my rigThe plot and guidance is pretty straight forward (Linear)Cons:The notes you pick up that are hand written are almost impossible to read. The rest of the text youhave to read on forms or on books or signs are clear. This means LOTS of the backstory is lost.I got pretty sick of calling for Callum over and over. If I ever meet someone named Callum I'm going to punch him in the jejunum.I really hated the main character. She's a horrible person and shouldn't have kids. I wanted the kid to run away and find a new mother.It's a solid scare but in a game where there's ZERO action, story is key. Much of the story was lost due to hard to read notes.And it just ends...but doesn't. Like none of it was even real."
,Recommended,402020,20599939,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Bigkev Actual,I didn't wanna recomend it. I wish there was an inbetween option.Pro:Good graphicsOk atmosphereGood premise for a gameCon:Not scaryEasyShortPredictable storylineEnd part is ripped straight out of the recent Silent Hill demo 'P.T.' which was better than this.
76561198012897910,Not Recommended,402020,22688466,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Kermitino,♥♥♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥♥ Bang Bang!!!
76561198043584925,Not Recommended,402020,22545782,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,danmill2k5,"Hmmm...Ok. It's a good concept. It's different, unusual, out there.I played 56 minutes in total before requesting a refund.But that's all it is. A good ""concept"". I requested a refund for this game because of the reasons below.The way the story is written is very unrealistic. Let me explain below:The start of the game finds you as Callum's mother, in the car park of the theme park, and he has left his teddybear in the park. The park has closed and the gates are locked, so you go to check at the ticket office to see if it's been handed in to lost property.Fine. No issues there.Next, the member of staff you are talking to says that Callum has just gone back inside the park. The gates are locked, and you can't get in, so how the hell can he? The ticket office man says he will unlock the gates and allow you back in to go and get him.How can Callum get inside the park if the gates are locked? That's the first major flaw.He could have been kidnapped by ""something"", or ventured through a hole in the fence, but he goes through the locked gates.I tried to overlook that, and carried on playing. Next, you have to go up some escalators.As you ascend, everything goes dark and the game ""fades out"". Suddenly you are back, and it's dark, and the park is in disarray. Broken lights, overgrown, untidy etc.There's no explanation why this happens, and the character you're playing doesn't react to it, it's as if it's a normal event and supposed to happen. It doesn't make a lot of sense.Another point is that you can ride all of the rides in the park, and this is part of the game (you have to ride them to hear more of the story).Why would you venture into a theme park looking for your child, to start riding the rides? What makes it worse is that the rides are supposidly ""dangerous"", yet you still ride them. Why are you doing this when you're supposed to be looking for Callum?The game is a little distrubing in places too. The mother, although she is in the park looking for Callum, starts calling him ""little f***"""" and saying she says she should just leave him there. Why would you do that if you've gone into the park in the first place?When anything scary happens to make you jump, you get a Steam Achievement. This pops up on the right hand side in a box, ruining the effect and distracting you away from what has just happened.And the ""acheievements"" aren't an achievement at all. They're things you have to do in the game to contiunue, but you still get rewarded for. I played for approx 56 minutes and unlocked 64% of them already!Walking around the park, you find accident reports. Why would these just be left on top of a bumpercar or on the outside wall of the ferris wheel control box?This is a story game. Far too much story and spoken audio, and not nearly enough game play. It just gets boring and repetitive.The controls on this game didn't work properly for me. I'm using a keyboard and mouse, but when holding shift to run, it only did it half of the time.This will eat away at your graphics card too! I can easily run Planet Coaster, which can be very graphic hungry, but I had to turn the graphics down to medium on this game, just to make it playable.The lack of realism in this game, such as riding the rides (why?), events that don't make sense, long audio speeches and a story that's unbelieveable, really spoils the game in my opinion.As I've said, it's a great idea, but it could be told and written so much better. Callum could have been kidnapped by someone or something and notes left to tell the mother he is in The Park. That could have been the reason why she had to go in there. Not because Callum ran through locked gates (!) and then she has to find him. Why would he keep ignoring his mothers calls and continue to go further into the park?Maybe I'm missing something. It's a creepy, scary, dark idea, great for a horror/ thriller game, but the realism is severely lacking, making it unbelieveable, unrealistic, and just not half as scary :("
,Recommended,402020,18779795,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Red Riot,You can kill a kid with a rollercoaster. 10/10
,Recommended,402020,18754999,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,I was promised cake,The game is a short horror story that can be finished in roughly an hour or two. It's a fun game if you've played The Secret World and were intrested in the Atlantic Island Park as it really adds to the lore of the park and some new info about the Boogeyman. Otherwise the game is a bit odd and meandering and I would reccomend saving your money.
,Recommended,402020,18793837,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Squitten,"10/10Kept me on my toes the whole game, times i thought i knew what would happen the game showed me i were wrong.  Short and enjoyable. You will not regret buying this. Also a bonus if you own The Secret World, if not i would highly reccomend trying the Trial, especially if you enjoyed this game! Two in one. Thanks Funcom!"
,Recommended,402020,18795583,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,HyperShadow,"Awesome horror game, really thrilling atomsphere."
,Recommended,402020,18797787,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Celairel,"Probably not for people who haven't played The Secret World, but for those who have it's a nice, creepy little gem with a pretty solid back-story and some legit jump scares. It took me about an hour and a half to get through all of it at a moderate pace, so it's about the length of a regular horror movie. Not sure if it was worth as much as I spent on it, as the replay value is pretty low - I would have paid at most five bucks for what I got.I'll give it a thumbs up though, because it was fun for as short as it was, and I geeked out over the TSW references."
,Recommended,402020,18799138,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Dagrak,Although brief this is a really well written bit of spooky storytelling. This is very much for story lovers rather than action fans but if you like being creeped out this should definitely work for you.
,Recommended,402020,18827106,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Granite T. Rock,"As my first ""scary game"" it scared the crap out of me.  So much so I turned on the lights near the end.  I'm probably a wimp.  It is a walking simulator so you need to consider that before buying it.  But if you are OK with that it's worth it."
,Recommended,402020,18847149,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Katosepe,"The Park is an interesting game that's very difficult to nail down. I will give it a recommend because I did enjoy my experience with the game but it comes with the caveat that not everyone will enjoy this game. In fact, I would guess most people will not enjoy this game but for those who can appreciate it, it is an interesting dive into the mind of a mother, torn between societal expectations and her own experiences.The trailers show The Park as being a horror game but in reality, it's closer to a game like Dear Esther or Gone Home than something like The Evil Within or Five Nights at Freddys. This is because, there really isn't any danger in The Park. You cannot die or lose or anything throughout the game. For me, this realization took away most of the tension I was feeling. There are some creepy jump scares, sure, but I was never concerned by what I was seeing as, for most of the game, there was nothing I could do about it anyway.Because of this, players are more likely to enjoy the story rather than any sense of accomplishment for braving the unknown. The storyline is split between two major mysteries. Not to spoil anything, as you venture throughout the titular park, you learn about the history of the park itself and the history of the player character, a mother chasing after her son throughout his favorite amusement park that clearly has seen better days.Wandering around, you ride the various rides in the park which set you up in on-rails scenes which result in something creepy happening or more backstory from the mother. This is really where the game falters a bit. You learn very quickly that backstory will come about by walking to the next ride and riding it. It becomes very formulaic so that you can expect when things will happen. As such, the journey to each ride becomes a bit tedious, further eliminating the atmosphere that the game is trying to generate.This next bit may contain very minor spoilers but really just my reaction to the conclusion without any details. If that's too much spoiler for you, you have been warned:So players will be playing this for the story but the story itself, is hit or miss. Well, really, hit and miss. The mother's story with her son is interesting and comes to a solid, if not predictable, conclusion. The story of the park itself, though, is much more open-ended and not in a good way. You are given bits and pieces of story about the park throughout the game but it never seems to really go anywhere. At least, I didn't find anything in my playthrough that wrapped it up. I found this rather disappointing.Ultimately, if you enjoy games like Dear Esther or Gone Home and would like something in that vein with a bit of a horror vibe to it, The Park will do. It may not be the most memorable or revolutionary entry in the burgeoning genre, but it's worth a playthrough. If that doesn't sound interesting or if you're on a budget and want some bang for your buck, The Park isn't the game for you.My Experience: Before reviewing this game, I completed the game once, missing a couple achievements in the process. I don't plan on going back for them any time soon."
,Recommended,402020,18869267,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,The_Beard,"Short, on rails, but overall a enjoyable experience. If you like The Secret World and the lore behind it than this game will be a fun little distraction form your daily grind. Also the Chad outfit you get for The Secret World is fun to run around with lol."
,Recommended,402020,18871108,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,olly!,Short but very atmospheric. Lots of nods and winks if you've played The Secret World.
,Recommended,402020,18754580,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,名無しさん,"Atmosphere is something the people working for Funcom get right more often than the average planet. Easy to immerse yourself in, but stifling and full of surprises that keep you from being complacent.Caution: You may be triggered if you've ever had an eye gouged out by a luminous red eyed animal mascot."
,Recommended,402020,18829988,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Flalaski || AEE,"This game was a trip to get through. The story is really deep and interesting, the things it makes you think of are pretty emotional, and the SOUND is really well done, not to mention the art was gorgeous.If you would like to try playing through what could be a Stephen King story, then play this game."
,Recommended,402020,18856816,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Tha Thing goes Skraa,"Outstanding , need more higher PC Req to Enjoy full Xperience of this game ."
,Recommended,402020,18863181,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Capt'n Patty,"First of all, people looking for an Outlast-like scare, this is not the game you're looking for.However, the atmosphere of this game is really interesting and did keep me on the edge of my seat at some points.Apart from some (sometimes rather cheap) jumpscares, there's no real threat to the character in game. You can't die, you don't have to hide or run away. You just explore the creepy park and unfold it's dark secrets and story.It's a well crafted game that's certainly worth a try!Pro's:+ Great atmosphere+ Sinister and interesting story+ Great visuals+ Decent music/soundeffectsCons:- Couple of really cheap jumpscares- The biggest problem with the game: It's length. You'll play it for a maximum of 2 hours and there's no replay-value, so keep that in mind!All in all, a decent game! But not one men will talk about for months to come.For a deeper insight of what the game is/what it looks like or just for people who want to watch instead of play, my playthrough (2 parts):https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vgB15cjNSik(Yes, shameless self-advertising, DEAL WITH IT)"
76561198032289204,Recommended,402020,18756669,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,darkwire,"Great little horror exploration game based in The Secret World.  Had some real jumps even when I knew the scare was coming!Short but has a story that really gets under your skin, but than paying for a crappy Hollywood movie!"
76561198079372588,Recommended,402020,18824179,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,eapenster,its a intresting narrative.. if you dont play the secret world.. Its an intriguing narative if you play the secret world..Short and scary expereince. but the story continues a bit in the secretworld halloween mission this year.
,Recommended,402020,18832099,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,SifuKyle,"The game is great and I'm glad I played it. For the price I can't complain about how short it is. The game takes zero skill to play, and the most you really ever do is walk, and pick up notes to read. I really liked the graphics, and atmosphere, and I must have hit F12 about 30 times."
,Recommended,402020,18834645,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Jess Playin,"Amazing game! Short, but doesn't need to be long. The story and atmosphere will leave you satisfied. Very impressed."
,Recommended,402020,18847777,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,HappyFather,"This is spoken of as a horror game. But this is SO much better. It has a mostly linear storyline so much like a movie. There are some jump-scares. But the best part, the one that makes you cry (specially if you're a dad) is the main char's story unfolding before your eyes.The Secret World had wondeful puzzle quests and great story. This is even better!"
76561197995324602,Recommended,402020,18849218,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Marcian The Clever,"The Park is a brilliant game, but only if you are a fan of The Secret World. Without being a dedicated TSW fan, key moments of the story are incomplete.That being said, the game is gorgeous, fascinating, and very different. It is a two-hour interactive story that fleshes out the horrors of The Secret World from the perspective of a ""normal"" person, as opposed to all the Agents and Insiders we see in the main MMO.This is not a perfect game. The pacing is awkward at times, and the story teeters precariously between ""Awesomely mysterious"" and ""Frustratingly Vague"".That being said, I do not regret my purchase, as this was a hauntingly beautiful and macabre story of desperation and human frailty unlike any other game I've played.Recommended."
,Recommended,402020,18867176,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Bschuman66,"The game ended up being pretty good. The beginning was slow, it wasn't until about the last third of the game or so that it was actually very creepy, but once it got creepy, IT GOT CREEPY. Not so much the ""God damn it I♥♥♥♥♥♥my pants"" game, but a really unsettling experience. The game is a little too short, but the narrative is strong, and a really great atmosphere by the end of the game. Maybe don't buy it at 12.99, but if you see it on sale, and like spoopy games, pick it up!"
76561198199720915,Recommended,402020,18867287,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Daryl_McClydesdale,"Going into this game I did not know much about the story line.I knew what the minute trailer told me (Essentially what grabbed my attention)I knew what the four minute youtube video explaining what the game was about told me.Not knowing anything about this ""Secret World"" game, I thought this game would  be full of phycological horror.I was correct on that matter. Play this game with your headphones on and with the lights off as instructed upon starting the game. Take the time to read all of the notes you find throughout the game. Yes there is a little bit of reading but it allows you to have more of an understanding of what is realling going on.This game was fun to play even though it only took a little under two hours to complete. For a $10.00 horror game this wasn't bad. I thuroughly enjoyed the phycological fear it induced. I give this 4 out of 5 stars. Good game, decent graphics, and just enjoyable. Not very much of an interactive game but more of a story that is being told, piecing together parts of a puzzle and slowing coming to a conclusion at the end.I'm not sure if preordering this and spending my last $10.00 in my steam wallet was worth it though."
,Recommended,402020,18868107,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Lux&Mortem,"Maybe i need to try it without my xbox controller but for the most part i like the game. The graphics are freaking beautiful and honestly i'm interested to see how the game ends. My only problem is that it seems to be lagging something horrible , and i don't know if that's because my laptop sucks or because of something else."
76561198049073537,Recommended,402020,18803707,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Vulkan,"The Park...This was a great, short game. I genuinely enjoyed it and the tie-in to The Secret World universe. The plot was good and while I feel it was a tad forced and there are some loose ends, I feel it is definitely worth picking up! Especially on Halloween!Time played was from Start to Finish btw."
,Recommended,402020,18834696,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Thodler,"Good Game with good scary moments and psycho game parts, worth 10 bucks.Story is shocking, especially if you know ""The Secret World"" .There are a lot of story related items to find, like letters.If you like to know all of the story, it's a lot to read, but worth it.Recommended: Playing in a dark room with headset on.1st normal playthrough: 1,8 h2nd playthroughs for 100% achievements: 1 h3rd playthrough to show game to friends:  1,1 h10/10 Would play a fourth time ;)"
,Recommended,402020,18754728,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,darthvannah,"I liked this game. I played like recommended: in the dark (mostly), headphones on, and I tried to really immerse myself in the game. I was definitely on edge the whole game, and was intrigued by Lorraine, the main character. She was complex and unpredicatble. I liked the story. For a short, 1.5-2 hour game, I'd say $10 is a reasonable price."
,Recommended,402020,18755576,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,iNinjaSpeed,Awesome story. Is it worth the 10 bucks I spent on it? NoI recommend this for the story but not the 60 minutes it took to go through it at 10 bucks on sale.
,Recommended,402020,18756108,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Kevin WK,"Disclaimer: I have not played enough The Secret World to know the references in this game.That being said, this game is short and Sweet.  About two hours to really explore the world and get all of the achievements.    The price right now makes that about $4.50 per hour, which isn't bad.  If you want a short, scary ride and love collecting achievements, then this game will satisfy."
,Recommended,402020,18793956,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,The-Lost-Demon,"The Park is one of the best Horror/Terror games i have played in a while. The story ain't that hard to get from within the first 15minutes but i always wanted to know more about what caused her to become what she is.I found myself really amazed by this game storytelling and overall visuals. It's one of the few horror games that doesn't use an overpowered enemy to make you scared but that uses a psychological ""enemy"" with the sounds, the jumpscares and the story itself.The only bad thing is that it takes around 40/50min to finish if you dont care about the achievements and if you do it'll take you about 1/1h30 to complete. If the game was a bit more ""deep"" showing her life before and then showing this ""trip"" through the Park it would surely be among the best games of the year.I'm excited to see what else is going to be made by this company.8/10 -Great Job!"
76561198127474785,Recommended,402020,18796148,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,riveraperezd79,"Quick but creepy experience ... The location is superb and very much adds to the tension. If you're looking for a quick game to play on Halloween night, this is it. BTW i hate Chad the Chipmunk."
76561198094431952,Recommended,402020,18849474,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Devin Apostle,"Grab it on a sale, but $13 is a bit too much for this game. You'll most likely only play it once unless you miss an achievement and go back for it. So at a little over an hour, under an hour if you just want it over with $13 is a bit much. Great atmosphere, okay story, certainly creepy not particularly scary."
,Recommended,402020,33548393,Posted: 14 July,all,Tak Blue,"Disclaimer: If you want to be scared constantly and have a fear of character death, this game is not for you.Proclaimer: If you want to enjoy a fantastic, haunting, deeply emotional story, this game is for you.I'll do my best not to drop any spoilers in this review. If you enjoyed What Remains of Edith Fitch, or The Secret World, or both; you will certainly love this game. It is a NARRATIVE game which is clearly said by the devs in the very first video on Steam. This should express to you that this game is about the story, and not a challenge. I feel that many of the negative reviews are based upon the fact that the buyers expected a jump-scare, chase-escape ridden Horror game. This is not that kind of game, and should not be advertised as such. This is like watching a scary cartoon only the subject matters are very real and haunting.The plot? Well, lets just say they leave a lot open to interpretation and it's a good thing. You should be free to draw whichever conclussion you think best fits from this game and it's ending.Play: Its point and click. However I do appreciate that the devs allow a run function while in the park. I do not enjoy a constant pace game which drags. This game allows you to follow what is an EXTREMELY linear path, but at your own pace. The prompted narratives are well placed and reminded me a lot of Edith Finch, which is an absolutely amazing game. Do not expect to play this game, just let it play and help it along yourself by reading the extra little notes along the way.The Ugly: This game is not designed to be re-playable immediately. It's like a Movie, you watch it, you forget it, you think about it, you watch it again.Personal: Without spoiling too much, this game does deal with concepts of psychological disorders in a very in-your-face manner. As a veteran with severe PTSD which causes depression and anxiety I greatly appreciated the fact that they do their best to show people how terrible of an experience it is to go into recovery.8/10"
76561197982625233,Recommended,402020,18761468,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,empirej,"All I can say about this is: MOAR!!!  ;)The ""game"" was great.  But, like many have said, it is more like playing through a movie.  Which is, if that is what you were looking for, an awesome experience.If you know about TSW, and Funcom, and the genre they stress, you are in for a treat with this one.  It is some of their storytelling at its very best.As others have said: DO WHAT THEY TELL YOU.  Turn the lights off.  Put on your headphones.  Then, enjoy the ride.  ;)Honestly, I hope they put out more stories like this.  I also hope they bring this kind of gripping content into future issues of TSW.  But, most importantly: carry this kind of stroytelling forward into their future actual GAME titles.Great job Funcom!  More like this please!  Cheers all."
76561198011154183,Recommended,402020,18788524,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,astasenko,Quite impressed by the story and how it is presented.
,Recommended,402020,18829374,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,WILDskf,"This game definitely isn't for everybody. It's less of a game and more of an interactive story. If you like chilling plots and exploration, this is worth picking up. I've played through it twice now and I discover more things each time paying attention to different aspects of the story. The game doesn't rely on visual scares so much as the terrible implications of tiny clues around you. I would definitely recommend this to mystery lovers and those who love to pick the story of a game apart piece by piece to find all the juicy lore. If you aren't one of these, steer clear."
,Recommended,402020,18758904,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,[UBI]SamsungNinja,"Fantastic game. Well-crafted, disturbing, and free from the jump scare reliance of the Freddy's series.Funcom has produced something really special here, and I already want more.10/10, would lose Callum again."
,Recommended,402020,18851472,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,SharpShark28,"Admittedly this is a game where you have to want to be engaged. If you don't have a problem with that and you're in for the ""ride"" (sorry) you'll enjoy this game.It's fairly well paced, feels pretty open world for a bit which is unique for it's genre, the voice acting and audio is well done and the graphics are great.The game is fairly predictable and the story could have been stronger. The atmospere was good enough that they could have left out the jump scares and had a better game.I still recommend this game because for $10 I feel it's worth the time to play through it with the lights off and have a good time."
,Recommended,402020,34013130,Posted: 4 August,all,rthibodeau2009,"I enjoyed this very short game, which is something of a horror walking simuator.HOWEVER,  be advised that the 'in-game rewards' may only be for The Secret World and not the relaunched version of the same game called Secret World Legends. It is exceptionally sketchy to not point this out in the description of the game, considering that the rewards were the thing that most people bough The Park for."
76561197960663730,Recommended,402020,18794611,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Kai,"This isn't a game, Callum!But I liked it."
,Recommended,402020,18839831,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,RustyFIN,"So, The Park. A game I was really waiting for...Riding the vehicles in the park is kinda cool, and the whole dark amusement park was spooky in a good way. I really enjoyed that part of the game. Also the sound design and voice acting is really good.How ever, the story didn't do it for me, and the characters are a bit unrealistic...First of all the boy, Callum: He's a real monster for a child! He doesn't listen to her mother at all, and he runs around dark closed amusement park in the middle of the night. Any child running around like that in the dark is just stupid or disturbed in some way.And secondly, the mother Lorraine: She has obviosly done something wrong when raising her son (as you can see from what I just descriped about his behaviour). She also keeps on telling ""I'm a terrible mother"" the whole game. I can't imagine any parent being as calm as Lorraine is (especially for the first half of the game) when her son is running away, not obeying a single word, and even teasing her mother the whole time. A normal parent would just run to the child and grap him, and lecture him about some manners.When considering the characters behaviour, the fact that the story was a bit - well - weird in a bad way, and that this is a game you'll propably play only once, I must admit I'm a bit dissappointed. I would like to like this game, but now it just didn't hit the spot. There is some good moments, though. The jump scares really work, 'cause there's only a few of them. And the atmoshere is nice (in a spooky, horror film kind of nice) and the visuals work nice as well. So, the playing experience isn't a total waste of time, and maybe some folks like this thing more than I did. Maybe you'll just have to try it out your self? ;)All in all, I'll give it 3/5 points. (I wil give thumbs up anyway, 'cause it wasn't THAT bad.)"
,Recommended,402020,18755193,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Law,"I've said ""Yes"", but it's more of a ""maybe"". I did enjoy the park. I would recommend it to othersifthey like these walkabout games.**99% Spoiler Free**The Cons:There isn't a list or inventory of collected notes. This makes it possible to miss notes without even realising you've missed any, which can lead into the ending being quite confusing/nonsensical. Mind you, it felt like I found every note (only found one extra on the second playthrough), and the ending still raised questions. It would definitely feel more confusing had I missed a lot of the notes. It's not a hard thing to do, and if Funcom make another game like this I would love for it to be included, so that I know I've definitely read everything.The character development. The main character is portrayed negatively very early, and the ending more or less falls flat because of it.It's a slow, slow, rollercoaster. Every person will more or less have the exact same experience. One person may find a note or two the other person didn't, but there is at least one note the game forces you to read before allowing you to progress. I understand that there is a fine line between threatening the player and frustrating them, but there just aren't any threats, which removes most of the suspense. At one point the game tried to force suspense down my throat by murdering a violin.The notes. Specifically, the fonts and sizing. At 1080p I had a hard time reading some of the notes, either the font felt too small, or the handwriting was hard to understand. The handwritten notes were a nice touch, but it would be nice if the text on them was a little bigger. The font on the typewritten note was a little hard for me to read in places. I don't have dyslexia, so it's not that I need everything in comic sans.The pros:It's enjoyable, despite the issues I have with the game. The first playthrough can be quite enjoyable, but after that the only reason to do a second playthrough would be if you felt you'd missed some notes, which is a feeling you might have after the ending. However, I would recommend playing it a second time directly after seeing the ending, at least the first part.It ties in well to their established world, and while I have issues with how the character is portrayed and how some of the information is conveyed, it's enjoyable."
,Recommended,402020,18756104,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Piankhi,"9/10I love this game.  Funcom's style  of horror is great.  It isn't all about the jump scares or cheap thrills.  I normally don't tend to go for horror games, but this game works well.  It was downright creepy.  Especially with Funcom's good usage of sound.  It all adds up to keep you imersed and looking over your shoulder throughout.  I played with surround sound headphones, and that is totally the way to go for the best experience.As long as you go into this game knowing what it is and what it is not, you should enjoy it. It is short, but that fits for the story that is being told.  A longer game wouldn't have been as good in this case.  You play this game for the horror story.  It is not a big sprawling actiong fps horror with combat and deaths around every corner, so if that is the style of game you tend to enjoy, this may not be the best choice for you."
76561198000576591,Recommended,402020,18761311,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Trigun432,I would buy another game like this from them if they did another.  It was shorter then I would have liked but the goosebumps that I got from it was worth it.
76561197982912746,Recommended,402020,18764408,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Tnanever,Great interactive storytelling.
,Recommended,402020,18765718,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,♎Malacoda,.
76561198189315235,Recommended,402020,18793459,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Daglitchwizzard,Though its very short its got an interesting story that can go several ways. As well as providing some very interesting gameplay.
,Recommended,402020,18795472,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,maitenieks,"It is  a short(~80 min), strongly linked to TSW universe walking simulator. It is hard to recommend to people who have no idea about TSW, because they will not notice subtle hints and information presented. The build up is slow and in my opinion it was too long. However I really enjoyed the last part of the game. In my opinion it is worth it for that alone.Please keep in mind that the game runs very very poorly same as TSW."
,Recommended,402020,18829463,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,English Muffin,"When I first watched the trailer for this game I was really afraid it was just going to be another ""run for your life"" horror game.  After actually playing it, I’m actually happy to say it was not.  While I’m not saying it was perfect, this game definitely left me feeling super creeped out (there were a few times I just wanted to say “fork that child and his disturbing responses”).  I got a serious Silent Hill vibe at times with the eerie music, the incoherent voices over the PA, and jump scare moments where you knew they were going to happen and they still made you jump.Best part of this game is the semi-PT-ish elements in the Haunted House.  There were seriously moments down there that I really didn’t want to progress fearing less what they did and more what I thought they were going to do.My only complaint is that the game felt a little too short and the story left me a bit more confused about some elements than I would have liked.Still trying to understand the fly in the jar..."
,Recommended,402020,18831497,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,TheSkyCapt,"The Park is a psychological horror game that is set inside a seemingly abandoned theme park. The game is primarily story based with the player guiding a mother through the park, interacting with the various rides in order to find her son who is lost somewhere within the park.The game excellently sets it's tone early on in the game and the creepy atmosphere is coupled with the eerie nature of the mother as she narrates her backstory as the game progresses.Control wise, The Park is very similar to many first person horror games, such as Amnesia, Among the Sleep, etc. Move with the WASD keys, shift to run, left click to interact. There is no map to show you where you are going as the game encourages exploration. To find your way, the player presses the right mouse button to call for your son, in which your son will respond from the direction you are to go. While helping to build the creepy atmosphere, this mechanic can get a little confusing at times as you are not quite certain where the voice is coming from. This can be fixed in the options menu with a setting to provide a directional guideline along with the vocal response.The Park's stpry is told through a mix of narration and notes hidden around the park. The narration tells the story of the player character, Lorraine, and her son. The notes reveal the dark history behind the Solomon Island Park, both methods offer quite the unnerving experience as the story plays out, building to confrontations with the park owners and the mysterious man in a mascot suit.While the Park does sell itself very well, the price of $12.99USD is a bit steep as I was able to finish the game in under an hour, I was able to get it during the Halloween sale for cheaper, so I recommend this game, but maybe when the price is dropped."
76561198074382973,Recommended,402020,18839021,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Gledam_U_Zvijezde,"The Park is not game it is interactive movie with minor interactions .Yes !  I recommended this to TSW players ,there are some connections with 2015 halloween mission ; Seven Silences ! enjoy"
,Recommended,402020,18850838,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,sean.cano,"Good, not great. The reviews of long the game is are pretty accurate, but you have to be prepared for that."
76561198001408368,Not Recommended,402020,20565741,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Queen HawlSera,"With a story ripped off from Five Nights At Freddy's and annoying pretentious sounding monologues that don't SHUT THE ♥♥♥♥ UP! and feel not out of place from a Creative Writing course at a local community college. This is easily one of the worst horror games I've ever played. I wasn't expecting much going into it, but it dissapointed. Throwing every cliche at you that it can.It was all a dream ending [Check]Randomly using gore in place of scares [Check]Blatantly Dangerous Place None of the Main Characters can tell is dangerous [Check]Big Lipped Alligator Moments Adding Nothing To The Plot [Check]Random Creepy Messages For The Sake Of Random Creepy Messages [Check]Villains ripped off from other things [Check] (Specifically Purple Guy from FNAF and The Babadook from Babadook)Ob, but there's MORE! THERE'S SO MUCH MORE!The grahpics suck and are early Xbox 360/PS3 era, yet due to the poor optimization of this my Gaming Rig (which although needs a new graphics card by my own confession) ran this incredibly laggily until I turned the graphics as low as they would go.  Even then it ran alright, but still felt like it was going to crash anytime I picked up a note or it changed maps... it never did but I swore it was going to.Because the story insists on using three villains for a very basic plot it comes off as trying to throw too many things at you at once... Is it about a neglectful mother? Is it about a serial killer in a child mascot costume who kidnaps kids and is obsessed with machinery? (Seriously Funtom!?!?! PURPLE GUY), or was it a demonic entiity clearly ripped off of ""The Babadook"" behind some poorly defined curse? Well... too bad the game doesn't seem to know itself. Because it's just going to throw random things at you hoping something sticks... half way through it gives up and just starts showing blood for no real reason.There's notes everywhere, but it seems the protagonist holds them as far as she can from her face and they're written in small text. So I had to actually lean really close to the monitor to read them. All of them pretty much said the same things ""People die here a lot, and yet somehow the protagonist is dumb enough to continue taking her son here... or not considering it turns out to be just a dream.""I'll give it credit for not using any jumpscares. But that's the nicest thing I can say about it.Basically, it's a generic creepy that someone threw money behind. If you play Secret World, you get some items for that game which include the Springtrap... I mean Chad The Chipmunk costume, so it's good for that.Stay away, watch someone's let's play of it if you're really curious. Unless you really want the Secret World items, I don't reccomend spending a dime on this."
,Not Recommended,402020,18738741,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Game Daddy,"I am the bigest wuss when it comes to horror games and i have to tell you this game was not scary in the slightest bit. It startrs VERY VERY VERY slow, i cant state loud enough how slow this game is.The first 15 min of the game you spend on a slow moving ride watching pictographs of the Hansle and grettel story, and the game dosent get much better from there.You move from ride to ride reading boring uninteresting notes laying around and listen to the horible inner dialog from the mother. Its basicly a small string of lazy atempts to try and creep you out that fail miserably, The game becomes so bad by the end its funny.The ending consists of you looping though the same appartment over and over again that gets more ""scary"" every time you go through it. Its pretty much a half hearted atempt to copy the formula of PT.In the end let me say this this game is a joke and i expected much more from the makers of the longest journey. if this is the garbage that they are going to continnue to push out then ill never buy one of their games again.Oh and the game is EXTREMLY short also. i finished it in just under and hour.DONT BUY THIS ""GAME"" youd get more use out of taking a 10 dollar bill out of your pocket and whipeing yourself with it."
,Not Recommended,402020,18737262,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,[DMC]spooky,"You keep waiting, hoping for something worth the price of admission.  It never comes."
76561198048242478,Recommended,402020,18711715,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,MysteriousIsland,"Creepy, dark, and a great entry in the horror-game genre.  Play it in the dark with headphones"
76561197968928900,Not Recommended,402020,22729748,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Frosty,Terrible game and so boring.
,Not Recommended,402020,20496937,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Blanca,"Probably the single most uninspired ""psychological horror"" game I've ever had the misfortune of being tricked into giving up money for.Stay away from this game, and may God have mercy on your souls."
,Recommended,402020,23073460,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,✪xSAMMYDx✪,"This game was a lot of fun. Very creepy atmosphere. I wish it was a little bit longer. I finished it in under 2 hours. There isn't a lot of roaming, but the storytelling is excellent.+ Creepy atmosphere+ Jump scares+ Good story+ Great visuals- Game is a little short.Check out some gameplay!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y2Wjz6rOIfkAlso check me out on Twitch!http://www.Twitch.tv/xsammydx"
,Recommended,402020,28544971,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Mizzles,Short but spooky.
76561198156510911,Recommended,402020,18846271,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Cagey,Unusual experience... got me thinking about it for several days after I played it thorugh. Try it one evening instead of a braindead movie :)
76561198121266064,Not Recommended,402020,35115040,Posted: 21 September,all,funkievampire,I really did not like it. First it was boring and then it was disturbing to me.
,Not Recommended,402020,18805243,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Dude,"15min straight gameplay, not recomended unless 80% off"
,Recommended,402020,18846918,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Lumi,"The Park is short, moody, thought provoking and overall atmospheric little game.Developed by Funcom in couple month as a spin off - tale for their sublime MMO, The Secret World, it mostly does offer a fascinating peek for the players of the multiplayer game, but also serves as intriguing standalone piece for the newcomers.It's not the most scariest, or most thought provoking game, but with night time, lights off and headphones on, you can get a damn nice trip for few hours into a amusement park that packs a good share of thrills and rides!Only gripe I really can think of, well, outside of feeling at points a bit rushed (which is understandable considering what pace this was developed), is that while the little lore shoutouts and easter eggs are definetly nice touch for the existing fanbase, some of them can really puzzle out the newcomers and there ain't really much answers unless you're going to take a plunge into their MMO - and in that sense I think this actually works as kinda interesting first taste to get involved with the game!I like Funcom's new approach and I wouldn't mind seeing more games like these in future. Nice!"
,Recommended,402020,18754699,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,[NFG] RSTV.GAMING,I streamed this last night to people who didn't buy the game or were interested in the game let me tell you they enjoyed it just as much as me! Money well spent I am glad  I bought this! I actually have to replay this because I missed 3 rides lol. The limbo effect in the house had me ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ bricks.!  Thanks for making a game worth buying for Halloween.
76561197970527351,Not Recommended,402020,30659495,Posted: 21 March,all,Rotpar,"UPDATE 4/1/17:Sorry for the date, but not April Fool's.If you are a TSW player and are considering this ""game"" because it comes with TSW items, do not bother. The Secret World is dead, as a visit to its store page can attest, and replaced by Secret World Legends. Content from the Park will not be available in SWL and the ""legacy server"" will not be available for long.ORIGINAL:It's a walking simulator, that alone should be damning enough.I tried to enjoy it, played with the lights off and everything, and I'm a Secret World fan. There's nothing really new or too interesting for a fan of TSW and less for somebody who knows nothing about the setting. I guess it's nice to see a larger version of Atlantic Island Park but unless you've played TSW and run through the Savage Coast you won't know the larger picture here.It's almost likeSilent Hill 2...where somebody picked the worst possible place to have severe personal issues, just not nearly as good.I have 100% completion for the game and less than two hours played, with no real desire to play again. There's always Youtube and that spares me the illusion of interactivity and the ""effort"" of holding the W key.Perhaps worst of all is that this comes with TSW gear. The Chipmunk set is cool and I like Lorraine's little axe pendant, no problems there, but this game provides top of the line gear for its parent game. They were definitely Pay to Win when released, I don't know if they're still best in slot, but it's still high-end gear regardless."
76561198097886912,Not Recommended,402020,23877858,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,amethystblack061,"First of all, I would like to say my review is not so much focused on the gameplay, but the actual game functionality.So first off controller support: While my 360 wired controller is supported, there is no menu navigation using the controller, and the keybinds that are given in the on screen prompts aren't the actual names for the controller buttons. I'm sorry but it's called ""RB"" not button 1 or whatever the heck you called it.Second: Achievements. Because generally you'd think the achievements are supposed to register as soon as the player has completed the action required to unlock it, but nooooo my first time playing it, I did the 'Mist' achievement and hey what do you know? it was the only one I had by the time I finished the game and my computer told me I'd only been playing for 5 minutes, not the HOUR or so I had used to COMPLETE the game! Begrudgingly I went to dinner and when I came back (after a hard reboot as my wireless kicked me after exiting the game) I started the game again, tested it, got the enter the park and chad achievements, exited, and huh that's funny, my wifi kicked me again. Full reboot. Start the game for the third time, seemingly the achievements are working properly and popping up and such, but after I finish the game I exit and.... no wifi!!! ugh and it has me missing 3 story related achivements... so one more hard reboot and all I can think is, I don't want to play this again. I love achievements, but not for this game, no, no more.Third: mostly covered above, but it seems to have a very buggy experience. From causing my wireless conecction to terminate to bugging out Steam entirely, without a proper fix I don't know what to say (and fyi, I meet more than the minimum specs)Finally: Hate to go here, but to me, playing this game became a chore the second time. It's just, I thought with such a story driven narritave I would enjoy it, but I didn't it was just too linear, nothing to explore, just a single routed story.  Overall I just, I can't recommend buying it, even for the SALE price. I've played better games that I bought for less."
,Not Recommended,402020,19346897,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Juntti82,"Too Short, too casual and it's not a horror game. It's only a dark theme park"
76561197993639345,Not Recommended,402020,19550526,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Ttelfs,"Snorama...Talk about a dull game. With few controls and almost illegable notes dotted around the place, this game could easily bore you to tears. The point of the game somewhat alludes me; I realise the main character is supposed to be looking for her child but the speed of her movement is so slow, she'd be simpler just telling him to jump off of one of the rides and create some interest for the rest of us.If you do fall fowl of actually buying the game like Im did, don't, whatever you do, take a ride on the Swan ride!! You would be quicker/better off waiting in a queue for your own funeral (It would probably take less time too and be more fun)! Avoid this game like the plague."
,Not Recommended,402020,19168339,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,DasWunderKind,"A very short game up to 2 hours for all ahievements since I had to restart.Graphics are alright..The best thing about it is the story the VO and the music or SFX, really good deal of great effects and some nice scare jumps.BUT for the price it has right not which is above $5 I really dont recommend buy this game.IT has a good story which ties to one of the characters of the Secret World so for fans of that game this game is definetly a really nice touch and pretty cool.But for the rest of the people they might like the eerie atmosphere but other than that there is not much to do here.4/10"
76561198181159003,Recommended,402020,26302060,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,-21-Otter-,gaem is scarie
76561198198187978,Recommended,402020,26300361,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,DeadZ*matiose,GOOD
76561197994133943,Recommended,402020,18712195,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Pound0fFlesh,There's no need for long reviews with this one.BUY. THIS. NOW.
,Not Recommended,402020,18737572,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,DonLjoe,Expecting a Silent Hill-esque horror game but got 'Dear Esther: Halloween Edition'  instead.
,Recommended,402020,18849099,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,XxWestKillzXx,Well to be honest I think this was kind of short. People in my stream were a little bit disappointed with this but I think it was okay and worth playing. Just maybe not for the current price.
,Recommended,402020,35221906,Posted: 26 September,all,.Reflected.,+ walking simulator+ unreal engine+ great performance in 4K+ a jumpscare that actually did work+ atmospheric- story is flat and not immersive- option to toggle run
76561198104203428,Not Recommended,402020,19188493,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,Nyan.Nyan,"If was paranoic psychopath that is trying to be on crystal meth. That the game i would choose, cuz i didnt know it was over in the begining , Omg dont buy it."
76561198114220083,Not Recommended,402020,19459689,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,The Foundationer,Pros:-creepy atmosphere-nice graphics-good story-not too many jumpscares-unexpected endingCons:-too short-not enough rides to go on7/10
76561198005600121,Not Recommended,402020,24858145,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Grae Solaire,"I just started the game and im already chasing a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ kid in a marathon, then I get stuck on the longest most boring boat ride of Hanzel and Gretel,  UNINSTALL."
,Not Recommended,402020,23214230,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,ykjump,Nothing but jumpscares.
76561198029696244,Not Recommended,402020,23096900,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Tempany,"This is a 'I love Funcom and will embrace any rubbish they throw my way' simulator. Whomever patted the developers on the back and said 'good story' has a lot to answer for, and either has personal interests attached to the game or simply is not familiar with many good stories. There is no feasible excuse for the protagonist not storming out of the Park and calling the police within the first three minutes of the so called 'plot'. I know many people hoped the game would be very good, and were equally disappointed. If you purchase this game without making your feelings known to the producers, then you are reinforcing whatever delusion caused them to produce such an insipid piece of work in the first place."
76561198085666978,Not Recommended,402020,18722481,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,LolliZombi,"I would love to reccomend this game, and I know there is something to say for quality... But it's way too expensive for how short it is. To be that much and that short it would have had to blow my mind, it did not."
,Not Recommended,402020,25354701,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Yuki,"Terrible - not worth the price.A walking simulator with a few jump scares. Ridiculously easy, annoying character and very, very cheap story."
76561198085810807,Not Recommended,402020,18724442,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Reads,"The concept of the game is good, the atmosphere worked extremely well but..... The game is jsut too short. I've only played it for an hour and I've beaten the game and managed to get all but two of the 14 achievements.I would reccomend saving your money on this one, or wait until it goes on a super sale."
,Not Recommended,402020,18728825,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Struwwelpeter,"Don't even waste a moment. Poor story, not scary, the pacing is completely terrible (Want to sit on rails and listen to an entire fairytale? I used the time to get dressed for work.)I like the lore of The Secret World. I figured they'd be able to manage to capture a piece of it in this short little romp, but it turns out they can't.I regret buying this♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198050156809,Not Recommended,402020,18727050,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,chris Gamertags,"not good i was excited too play this game when it was coming out, it looked good. but it was under an hour long. and everything remotely scary happens on a track, literally. defineately not worth the money"
,Not Recommended,402020,18730706,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Tye,"A hour of game play for £9.99,  didn't live up to the hype / admatisment."
76561198276360227,Not Recommended,402020,24962571,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,deadskrill64,literally the stupidest ending ive ever seen
,Not Recommended,402020,23181153,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,huiku,Nope. Wasted money on this game.
76561198232585072,Not Recommended,402020,28979972,Posted: 3 January,all,Deets,Wanna see a Mom go insane in a short amount of time5/10 would see it again
76561198140808934,Not Recommended,402020,18725798,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,BAM,♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,402020,18723077,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,DesuEagle,Even my review provide more amusement than this game. Also my review is much longer and have better storytelling.
,Not Recommended,402020,23903774,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Justin Taylor,"Got it during the summer sale, it was 50% off.Yeah. Whats to say about this game.Genre:Its not really a horror game (scary things? Maximum of 5 in the whole game).Atmosphere:The park itself brings a great atmosphere.Story:The story itself destroys this great atmosphere.Tbh, its just a boring and nonsaying story.Duration:Maximum amount of 2 hours, for a full playthrough. 2 hours if you are really slow and watching everything."
,Recommended,402020,18712213,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,ThisIsG,"eh... has a few nice nods to TSW but once you enter the ""witch"", the game just went full retard SH:PE... just like the DLC content you get for TSW, only getting about maybe 2 hours of content with minor fillers. the riders were interesting... but just filler content... and that damn swan ride... i just want to afk...As a TSW player, i enjoyed the nods to the game, seeing the OBL, orochi drugs, and even one point looked like pieces from the story line after you beat the black king in egypt.Over all, eh. it has its moment. I say die hard TSW get it, it does little for some story to the park, but not much. Fans of the SH:PE, either you will love this or hate it cause of how plain copy it was of the game.Its a cheap and eh at best."
76561198007311816,Not Recommended,402020,18721509,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,ofdor,Wow. Maybe I missed something but they could've done better with the ending. Had a good scary vibe though. They did a good job overall but I wouldn't say it's for most people.I'd say wait for a sale.
,Recommended,402020,24247193,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Negan,I played the entire game with a diaper on in case I poop myself...and I did!
,Not Recommended,402020,18728030,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,James Karet,"not a good game, but it's not a terrible game.BUT i need to say: riding something is totally wasting your time."
,Not Recommended,402020,18727134,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,JohnnyRem,"It could be better. The graphics are nice, running on unreal 4 engine. The story was kind of blah. Straight forward but with holes in it. Gameplay is minimalistic, right click left click walk. When you get to the house of horrors is when it gets cool, but still too short. Only a few jump scares, but they weren't that impressive. The atmosphere was the best thing but felt mediocre as far as interesting goes. Wait until its cheaper, but 10 is pretty cheap. Wish there was more story and more environment."
76561198076299897,Not Recommended,402020,18727148,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,eartharioch,"The game has no manual (in the game directory, on the developer web site, or linked to through steam).  Funcom help was anything but helpful saying to basically ""just play the game"".  I undedrstand that this is a budget game, so I wasn't expecting a  lavishly illustrated PDF, even a ""readme.txt"" would have been sufficient."
76561198382261372,Recommended,402020,31411047,Posted: 28 April,all,"Heather,kettle,games,",I enjoyed it
,Not Recommended,402020,31555640,Posted: 5 May,all,Vess,I am disappointed . .
,Not Recommended,402020,18718248,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,LittleGloomyOne,"Huge disapointment. Just a walking sim with a cliched story. Seriously it took me  five minutes to guess the major twists. It gets boring real quick and really annoying at the end. There are no threats, no real thrills, just walking through the park listening to the controlled character ♥♥♥♥♥ and moan about kids."
76561197961748521,Not Recommended,402020,18720261,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Snuggi_,"Hi all,Just finished my first AND ONLY play through of this game. Seeing as it is right around Halloween I gave this game a shot despite my initial feelings. The game feels slow, underwhelming and overall disapointing. To add insult to injury they left the game's story unfinished.**SPOILER**I felt as if they stole the idea for the end of the game from the Silent hill Demo that was released early last year... They should have taken a protip and scrapped the game as SH was scrapped. Here is a great idea game developers, lets take the same ♥♥♥♥ing room and make the player run through it four dozen times and make tiny underwhelming changes to it to terrify our consumers! NO! Do something creative, giving me reruns for my hard earned cash is just insulting.RANT FINISHED, thanks for reading"
,Not Recommended,402020,18718558,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,jake,"ok..so this gamei haven't ever been mad at a game just for being the game that it is beforei've been mad at bad gameplay, but never anything like thisthe park is a ""horror/explorative adventure game"", which really just means its a horror game with no combat/health/ai/actual danger, which instantly takes all of the impact out of any real scares the game could have. Because of this it focuses completely on small jump scares. The game is less than 2 hours long (more about this later) and there's literally about 4 jumpscares and thats the entire horror aspect of the gameyou'd think that since there are zero quality scares in this horror/adventure game it would be more about the adventure and the amazing cinematic story right? i thought so too, but the thing about this game..from the first announcement they said the game was only meant to be an hour or two long, so i'm really confused about how the planning for this story went. The gameplay is literally walking around between cutscenes reading occasional letters on the ground that don't really form a complete story anyway, and the ""twist"" is predictable within the first 5 minutes of the game or maybe even in the trailers.-This game, in its short time, uses every horror stereotype/cliche known to man and completely ruins all of them..i cant go into much detail without spoiling the ""story"" though.-the first 30 minutes of the 2 hour game are just riding amusement park rides. (its spooky because you're the only one on the ride! ooooh!)-There are 5 characters in this game and only 1 of them has a single shred of personality and it's totally ripped apart, changed and ruined by the end of the game although there was barely anything there to start with.-You get no time with the kid before he goes missing so you have no emotional bond or reason to actually want to find him-the mother is the only character in this game with more than 2 lines unless you count the kid's prerecorded whisper when you press the mouse button to yell for him-there is SO MUCH unexplained in backstory and lore, but the main story is so uninteresting that by the time the game's over you dont care about what you missed-it tries to copy the repeating hallways trick from things that did it amazingly like PT but completely ruins it..without any real scares this is just repetitive busywork to extend the game's already short playtimeOverall The Park was a game i was originally very excited for from the first trailers, but was extremely dissapointed with the bad voice acting, short underdeveloped story, boring characters, weird mechanics, and lack of actual horrorTL;DR 1/10 cuz i got to ride a rollercoaster, thank god for steam refunds"
,Not Recommended,402020,18717810,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Usmovers_02,"MehNot a good horror game, not a bad horror game. Just not much here at all. The scares don't really start until you've basically left the actual park. The park itself has nearly no scares of any variety. There's maybe 3 or 4 jump scares, some decent psychological scares (but only at the very end when you're not really in the park). It's got a pretty eerie atmosphere though.Controls are clunky and slow and unintuitive. The shout mechanic is literally just a waypoint marker.The story is decent given how very short the game is. I care just enough about the mother to want to know what's going to happen and the newspaper clippings really give the park a chilling history. Too bad the park itself doesn't take advantage of ANY of it's back story. Unfortunately the game kinda just... ends. No emotion from the final scene. Length is also a serious problem. Taking my sweet time I managed to beat the game in 1.5 hours. There's nothing to explore and the very short story is severely drawn out by slow movement speed and even slower mandatory rides. There's less substance here than your typical Saw or Paranormal sequel.Graphics are decent but performance is meh at best. Given the lack of draw distance, high res textures or overly detailed objects I'd expect to be able to max 60 this game at 5760x1080 with my computer (GTX 980Ti, Intel Core i7 4790k) but even with reduced settings could only get about 40-50 frames. Hardly terrible numbers at all. No serious dips and no choppiness. The graphics themselves are very decent. They more than do the job and don't detract from the game. The occasional animations however do detract from the game. They're simply bad but fortunately there aren't many animations at all. Also the triple screen support is quite excellent I'm happy to say. I didn't have to do any tinkering to get it to work and there is nearly zero screen warp on the outer edges.Overall I cannot recommend this game. Though it's not bad it excels at absolutely nothing including being scary. I won't even say I was disappointed by the game as it has decent moments. Do I regret my 10$ purchase? I don't. But Layers of Fear is a substantially better game in every way for about the same price. Basically this game feels like the lead up to the very first real scare of a full blown horror game.EDIT: Honestly no idea why people are saying this review isn't helpful. There's a difference between disagreeing with something and thinking it isn't helpful but... I guess this is the internet we're talking about here. Would welcome comments on how to improve the review or why people disagree."
,Not Recommended,402020,18718442,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Rath,"Walked through a park, didn't get scared once, figured out the whole plot less than half way through the walking simulation. 0/10."
76561198204213873,Not Recommended,402020,18720097,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,shefox,"I have a four year old, so I game to have some fun. That being said, I would have rather paid $10 to watch Barney, Would have been more freaked out, too. ♥♥♥♥."
76561198190051477,Not Recommended,402020,18717254,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,123lostheart,This game is laggy
76561198010705393,Not Recommended,402020,18715842,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,EnderKane,Graphics: 10/10Gameplay: 8/10Story: 4/10Lorraine has a lot of history at this Park. Unfortunately her self absorbed unhappiness will not have you coming back.
,Not Recommended,402020,18719542,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,IShallRiseAgain,"A lame PT rip-off full of jump scares, with a dumb ending you could predict right from the start."
76561198043112708,Not Recommended,402020,18719695,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Rektugees69,Steam can give me my $10 back but not the hour it took to finish it
,Not Recommended,402020,25538390,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,UGotGlocked,"DO NOT SPEND MONEY ON THIS GAME!!! You finish the entire story in an hour, and can get all of the achievements on a single play through. This game is not worth your money. If it goes on sale for $1 then maybe it's worth a $1, but not more than that. It should have honestly been free. This is the worst game I've ever played and the biggest waste of money I can think of. CS Skins are worth more than this crappy game, if you can even call it a game. The fact that they want $13 for this steaming pile of trash is highway robery."
,Not Recommended,402020,18719118,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Soda,dull as fuq
76561198194891790,Not Recommended,402020,18715145,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,dilhandoit,"I can't get past the brightness menu... keeps crashing. If you're on the fence, I'd lean towards NO."
76561198135710087,Not Recommended,402020,18720143,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,D'Boggs,"Mom is crazy, killed her kid. Garbage."
,Not Recommended,402020,18712958,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,xo5ox,"The story is OK but everything ells is bad, too short, not scary at all and if I hadn't completed the game I would have gotten a refund."
76561198071294826,Not Recommended,402020,18714347,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,ToxinxTwilight,"I honestly went out on a whim and bought this game expecting it to be bad. and overall it was. not much of a very deep story seemed very surfacey and ill thought, i wouldnt spend the amount of money maybe if it was like half the price."
76561198009279543,Not Recommended,402020,34700358,Posted: 2 September,all,Supreme Petters,"Go read the bible, I can guarantee it would be more entertaining then this boring af game."
,Not Recommended,402020,18718675,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Thomas the Tank Engine,"This game has to be one of the biggest let downs for me this year for the indie horror scene. We have all seen our fair shares of terrible indie horror games on Steam but this one was just so promising.This game is wildly short, in all honestly you can finish it in about 1 hour and still get the full message the game is trying to convey. Don't get me wrong this game has some really awesome parts to it that makes it stand out, such as its creepy setting, art style, and beautiful visual fidelity from the Unreal Engine 4.I will give it to the art designers, they did a wonderful job but fell really short.This game puts you in the shoes of a mother who has lost her child in a theme park, you must find him as you physologically unravel the mother's mind. This sounds like a good idea, and honestly delievers in some aspects, but in the strongest points it falls so short that it hurts.In this game you will experiance four slow moving boring rides, with little to no personality. It is a damn shame since the art team did such a great job at the park's design itself. In a spooky carnival maybe you should of put more creepy physological design into it, and turned the speed up a bit more. Every ride in this game is a choir. Yes, a literal chore.I found the acting actually quite good for a small indie team, and it delievers great on that part! I loved the mother's role as she gets more and more insane as the game progresses. That being said, she really is the only actor in the entire game, so good job nontheless.The main villian you meet in this game has a really sweet design too! I love how he looks, just so creepy and well thought out. I very much enjoy this aspect.Also what about that horror part? Is it spooky? Will it make it hard to sleep after this game?!?!? The short and easy answer is no. I wouldn't even call it a horror game, as it only has about 2 jump scares that even work and nothing phsycologically hit me. Such a sad, and dissapointing aspect.If this game was longer I believe it could of been passable, but with its boring and lack of personality rides, bland story, and overall lack of creepy design I have to say I don't reccomend it but like what it was trying to be. Maybe if they spent more time on it and tried harder, they would of had a great game and experiance on their hands."
,Not Recommended,402020,25417691,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,MegaStarBox11,THIS GAME IS NOT WORKEING WELL BECUSE WHEN I PLAY IT ITS NOT MOVEING FINE IT STUCKS FOR 10 MINTITS WHEN I PRESS WALK ITS SAW BAD COME ON STEAM BEEN USEING YOU FOR LIKE 7 YEARS??
76561198014987218,Not Recommended,402020,22890374,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Super McGovern,i dun like this game very much pplz. not good ok ok cu
76561197970444487,Not Recommended,402020,18711902,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Waverider,What a waste of money.  You can't change one single control setting which make it completely unplayable for me as I've never used WASD to move.  There are countless other players who will have this same problem.  How do you make a game in this day for PC w/out being able to customize controls at all.  On top of that the game crashes at start up.  Really disappointed in Funcom and will NEVER purchase another title from them in the future.
,Not Recommended,402020,18711868,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,SAY10,refund simulator 2015
76561198049944015,Not Recommended,402020,18710454,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,grasharm,If you don't already play The Secret World MMO (which is a great game)  don't bother with this.  Even then don't bother with it unless you have a few extra bucks to toss at something.  Very short.  Which I knew.  The story was 7 out of 10.  I htink I had two or three decent scares but other than that nothing in the game makes me want to play it again.
76561198182925578,Recommended,402020,30430537,Posted: 10 March,all,akda24,"This game has a nice scare tactic. The tention is amazing. Great atmosphereBut the pace is slow. Its very short I finished it in 3 hours.The major con was that the notes were very small it was hard to read.Buy it on sale, although it is still expensive on discount."
,Recommended,402020,21426132,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,polsky,"This is not so much a game as, rather, a short interactive story. The visuals are good. The horror elements are not grotesque or visually shocking, but they get scarier and more daunting on you the more you immerse yourself in the situation, the more you role-play, and the more think about what is actually going on ... I truly enjoyed the schizophrenic twist at the end the story! A decent short showcase of 3D entertainment."
,Recommended,402020,29577340,Posted: 29 January,all,Chrissuebacca,"I really enjoyed the story, I just wish it was a bit longer, but I gotta give credit, where its due. Excellent game!"
76561198258525855,Recommended,402020,18905883,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,purelysp4m,"Funcom does what they do best: Tell compelling stories. This story-heavy game follows a mother chasing her son through an amusement park, while reflecting on their relationship. The combination of dread and urgency as I followed the plot through both Lorraine's past and the malfunctioning rides of Nathaniel Winter's park was a very strong experience indeed.Headphones and a dark room is certainly recommended."
,Recommended,402020,18911934,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,TheVortex794,"The Park is a psychological horror game where the name suggests, is based in a theme park. It focuses on the psychological elements and seems to give a good eerie atmosphere. Although short, it is still interesting how it still gives the eerie feeling of some of the things you might find in a psychological horror game."
76561198048531676,Recommended,402020,18915728,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Swax,"I really enjoyed the game, short but the atmosphere is what I would expect having played TSW! Good job funcom!"
,Recommended,402020,18939283,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Voratus,"A fun little jaunt through an abandoned (?) amusement park. While this is based in the world of The Secret World (an excellent MMORPG I heartily endorse), knowledge of that game isn't necessary for this one, but if you are familiar with it you will see many references (besides the actual park itself).The game isn't really scary, but it is very creepy for the entire time.It's a pretty short game, clocking it at around 2 hours if you're not rushing. The latter portion (about 1/3) of the game I feel is a bit too repetitive, but I understand why it was done that way. I'll avoid spoilers by not discussing the details of that.I do hope this is successful enough for the company that they choose to do more similar ones in the future."
,Recommended,402020,18946297,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,C@$H--[1138],Not as creepy as I thought the game wa going to be and it was quite a bit shorter than anticipated. Other than that the game was pretty fun.
,Recommended,402020,18946712,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Peter Curtis,"> Sees game> Looks fun> Buys it> plays it> get sum sp00ks> Played it for about an hour and a half> beat it> See that I only played it for 87 minutes> Not worth $10> Request a refund> Gets refunded10/10, best free game I've ever played."
,Recommended,402020,18962492,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Terren(k)e,"Very few games actually keep me on edge throughout the entire game, even right after the beginning. I was told if i hadnt played the game this is based off of i wouldnt enjoy it, but i still did, it was amazing.Though the story is kind of blurry for me, i enjoy games that kind of make me think about whats happening.I would play this game multiple times, totally worth the 11$ (even though i think i got it on the Halloween sale)"
76561198080905829,Recommended,402020,18962568,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,niconolden,"FunCom's The Park is really an inventive TechDemo. It has minimum gameplay and feels streched from time to time. But on the other hand it delivers diversified types of horrors and suspense, concentrated in around two hours for the price of a ticket for a movie. To me it sounds fair.The Park shows some potential for further projects of FunCom, that hopefully will spin off from the rich background universe of The Secret World. (A game I have to recommend strongly to you if you hadn't already taken a look.)I would like to see more of this, FunCom. Please send me into the battles of the Wabanaki alongside with Viking Warriors, show me the dark past of Innsmouth Academy or... my favourite... show the story of the fishermen on the Lady Margaret in the next game.But please would you consider some valuable gameplay and a playing time that exceeds 3 or 4 hours for a price in between 10 and 15 Euros. Thank you, good work."
76561198182771167,Recommended,402020,19048742,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,Abominable,"This game has been amazing to play. I love the graphics the attention to detail and the mechanics of the game. One of the bad guys ""Chad"" has got to be the creepiest character I've ever came across. The story thickens in the right way for the player to come up their own theories about the character. I would recommend this game to everyone. IT IS AMAZING!. If you don't want to playbut want to watch it, search Abominable Stag in YouTube and watch The Park playlist."
,Recommended,402020,19088635,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,BRB INeedAShot,"This game was great, don't get me wrong. But the gameplay was entirely short and dissapointing. I would've wished for more because the game was pretty entertaining, sometimes things don't go our way."
,Recommended,402020,19088480,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,Tremors Van Zant,"My son got lost in a creepy theme park, better ride all the rides!Actually, for a game that takes a couple hours to beat, it has a pretty decent story. There isn't really a way to lose or die it seems, but it's more about the atmosphere than anything else. I recommend it for a short experience, buy it on sale even though the $13 isn't a bad price for The Park."
76561198078048647,Recommended,402020,19081445,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,MPower,"Very short, but visually pleasing horror game to show off the UE4."
,Recommended,402020,18948007,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Dusty,The game is pretty fun for what it is. It's a one and a half to two hour long playable movie. It has a couple scary parts in it and really has no replay value.
,Recommended,402020,19032436,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,Hainwächter,Great Game :D
,Recommended,402020,19035864,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,stefan,"I did not expect that a game could be this scary. Way better than watching a horror movie. It has to be played in a dark room and I would recommend using headphones. I only wish it would be longer than 2 hours, but absoulutely worth it.Enjoy!"
,Recommended,402020,19020960,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,pinklatex,The Park is a frightening and disturbing trip into the mind of the worlds worst mother .  I absolutely loved the atmosphere and the fantastic story telling in this game and would reccomend it as one of my top 3 favorite horror games ever.
,Recommended,402020,18969128,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,OliviaWolfe,"It is based on the amazing story of Secret world, if you want a little taste of that without the mmo elements this is your game. I also strongly recommend the game to any Secret world fan."
76561198042134109,Recommended,402020,18999382,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,mdent010,Very interesting. Make sure you won't be interrupted and turn the lights off.
,Recommended,402020,18978961,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Bulldoze89,"A short, cinematic game that I found pretty unsettling in parts and very bleak. I have previously played The Secret World which is the IP that The Park is set in, but I didn't feel like that changed the experience as The Park is very standalone so anyone can enjoy the experience.Grab it whilst on sale as I don't personally think it's worth more than £10 when it takes 1-2 hours to finish!"
,Recommended,402020,18977054,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,SigSauer93,A awesome game. Couldn't stop playing.
76561198043091218,Recommended,402020,18975510,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Madrush,"I enjoyed this game yea it was fun, bought it on sales and here are my likes- dislikes and think if it is something for you or not want to say 1 more thing it is not a run- hide- horror, its more psychological horror (like tags says).Like:- Original area (scary theme park, who dont want to enter?).- You can enter the attractions.- Good story (but a small dislike because the story is pretty equal as *Among the Sleep* which was first.- Easy achievements and not too much.- Graphics are good.- Good game for your first horror game.- Smooth walking- runing- looking around.Dislike:- Xtremely short story.- Price is too high (wait for sales to buy).- Not so scary (depends if you like to be scared or not this is a like or dislike, for me i like to be scared so for me is this point dislike).- No puzzles (i like to solve puzzles but this depends also on each individual person)- If you have AZERTY keyboard WARNING: you have to use controller or arrows! There is no keybinding, no auto detect and the settings are on QWERTY which means WASD and NOT ZQSD."
76561198006574969,Recommended,402020,19099624,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,TheShadowrunnner,This game..... im having trouble explaining what i felt after i finished it. This game really made me think. It was short but even if it was short it was one hell of experience. I agree that the price might be a little high but i feel like i got what i paid for and im so happy that i got this game. So yeah if you dont have a problem with the price get this game it worth playing it.
,Recommended,402020,21695449,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,DeniedGrandpa,"A psychotic park, a delusional mother, and a lost son. I was great that a game finally let you enjoy some of the most beloved ride, as well as adding the psychological effects of never being alone. I was on edge for the whole experience and just when I thought I could relax, BOOM!! Jump scare. Fantastic game"
76561198050155817,Not Recommended,402020,21724951,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,mt91684,"it's definitely got a good creepy factor, and certainly some good storytelling(especially if you take the time to actually go through and read everything in the game), however i don't think it's really worth the money paid for it. if you're looking for something that leans more towards the artistic side with little to no challenge, then go for it, if not, then save your money."
76561198195267661,Recommended,402020,21614387,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Adam_Baumbach,"Better than most horror walking simulators. Cool enviornment. Crappy story, but at least it's a story. Buy it on sale."
76561198024968211,Recommended,402020,21762603,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,topher.s.g,"Depressing as hell, but very well-done, with strong voice acting. Not much replay value, but definitely worth playing once. If you're a Secret World fan, some bits will make more sense."
,Not Recommended,402020,21839285,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Tanky Wanky,80 minute 'game' of just walking from point to point with occasional jump scares. Not worth the price of admission.
,Recommended,402020,18748196,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,LandLover,Could be considered short but i loved it much.. I hate horror games that includes only hiding or running..
,Not Recommended,402020,21827100,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,TheCakeIsTrue,no
76561198289597554,Recommended,402020,21803403,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,STOD,good story wish it was longer and the creator said it would take 2 hours to finish it it only took me 1 hour and 20 min
,Not Recommended,402020,20672149,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,DarkCloud9269 (Xander Rodriguez),"Really great game that turned into a mind cluster. Not worth the 12.99, buy it when it's on sale."
,Recommended,402020,21355167,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Zeata,"Very short game.+ Creepy music+ Homicidal people+ Mother searching for lost child+ Amusement Park with occult♥♥♥♥♥♥happening+ Tie in to The Secret World- Short- Lots of walkingFor the money you pay, it's fun. ~ 1 - 4 hours of fun (assuming you like horror games, if you don't why the hell are you reading reviews for this game?) Think of it as a movie you're allowed to move around in, not a game."
76561197979922629,Not Recommended,402020,21351178,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,DuckBoy,IT was .  .  .  .  .  .  okay as a $5 title on sale when I got it. it was very short. The ending was quite meh.
,Not Recommended,402020,21340079,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Seismic,"While it's advertised as a horror game, I found the scares few and a far between. At most it was a few hours of gameplay. The redeeming factors lie in the eerie atmosphere and the in-depth story, but at most, it makes you uneasy. Not scared. If you are going to get it, at least it's $10."
,Not Recommended,402020,21629203,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Winecat,You spend an hour walking in a circle in a theme park riding a couple rides looking for your son... and that is the whole game. Don't waste your time or money.
76561197984325978,Recommended,402020,21583442,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,danman1546,"Although it's only around an hour long, I've come to appriciate the annimation, voice acting, and atmosphere of this game. Play alone."
,Recommended,402020,21866974,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Rinera,"It's a great treat for The Secret World players, but probably not from the perspective of somebody that knows nothing about the park and the story behind it from the game.-The rest of this is probably full of indirect spoilers. You were warned!First of all, I've heard complains about how the game is just cheap jumpscares, but that is not true at all. The game provides a proper psychological-horror experience if you play by its rules and follow the instructions it provides instantly and linear path it clearly puts you into. I was wondering what's really going on during my trip in the park and why I am seeing what I see. It's mostly an interactive story, a walking simulator, but it's a well delivered story.The problem with the story though is that even during the events and the rides, you get very little background as to what is really going on, mostly in the form of boring newspapper and general papper cutouts. That leaves those that know nothing about the park in TSW in the black. There are also monologues by the main character throughout the game that help provide a background, but while it helps understand the main character, it doesn't help understand the world you are in.Graphically wise, the game looks great. It provides a ""spooky"" atmosphere and combining that with some weird events that happen gives you the feeling that you are not really safe even if you know you are. Funcom has never really failed to deliver on that department, so it doesn't surprise me!There are a few issues though, like some events needing more... oomph so to speak. Some things appearing and disappearing in a very cheap way and the mouths having light in them for some reason, making it always look weird. Nothing too major though, just nitpicking.Yeah, I do recommend this interactive story. It's good if you are into this sort of experiences. However, if you haven't played TSW and don't feel like going through some in-game reading then you probably can skip it. If you are really out of horror games to play and you are looking for anything, it's good enough!"
76561198025073052,Not Recommended,402020,22173426,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,ShadowMIB,"Its technically good, as in the graphics and sound are great, and the story is good in a short horror story type thing, but to call this a ""game"" is laughable.  First person horror animate short is closer to it.  It's pretty much on rails, you move the character along a linear path, and the end of the game? It's just a cutscene with no possible interaction. All you do is follow a set path, occasionally read notes and things left in your path, and click a button to open doors as needed.If you just have to get it, wait for it to go on sale. It's not worth $12"
,Not Recommended,402020,20140614,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,GarbageGayming26,"This game was way too short and I definitely expected it to be a lot better then it was. Did not really enough the game, wasn't really scary at all. I'd definitely only purchase this game if it was super cheap."
,Not Recommended,402020,20127312,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,srvnt,"great game but extremely short, would pay 2-5$ depending on genreosity. has great potetial if hte story was expanded"
76561198145798097,Not Recommended,402020,20191093,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,scarydream666,to short for an horror game and its not fun because of that.
,Recommended,402020,23965384,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,[TBUSC] Mr.Widdelsworth,"I would highly recommend this game, to anyone looking for a short, story driven horror expirience.I say expirience, because this game is quite the walking sim, although they do give you the option to run.The game had some very real jump scares in it, but mostly it was the suspense that the game achieved that really scared me.Be warned the game is very short, ie 1:30 hours for me."
,Recommended,402020,23847697,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,silverface,"Not quite sure what to say about this one. It took me just over an hour to play through the whole thing, which could obviously change depending on how much you explore. It wasn't much of a horror game either. A few jump scares here and there, and I guess some people may be scared by the setting, but nothing that would make me call it a horror game. Nothing close to Outlast or other big horror game names.It's also not so much a game as it is a narrarated story, as said in the description. It's basically an hour of following the story, with a little effort from you to explore the park to find the next cue for the story. I would definitely recommend it if you're looking for a quick, 1-hourish narrarative game, but if you aren't specifically into this kind of game, I'd avoid it. I definitely liked it, and can justify the $6 on-sale price, but it's absolutely not everyones cup of tea."
,Recommended,402020,23846148,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Misfitfan3996,"Bought this on the steam sale and I am glad I did. I read some reviews saying it's short and such. I think it was the perfect length.Looking for a game with atmosphere? Looking for a good, solid story? Look no further.  This is a game of exploration and storytelling. No action or gameplay for the most part. You are taking a journey through a womans life. It is told at a very good pace and leaves you wanting more."
76561198034308821,Recommended,402020,23872134,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Michael Jackson Fils de Zombie,"I almost didn't buy this game because of the negative comments... but I would have regretted it.Indeed let's put things in perspective. I prefer to put 10$ in a well written game with an awesome atmosphere (great work on sounds, effets etc.) rather than in any game with a poor story (repetitive FPS for instance), or paying a ticket to watch the not so good latest Star Wars...The game is 100 minutes long (taking my time to enjoy), it's a movie's length. If you consider it this way, this is a great immersive movie where you have control! You can't find a movie that will scare the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of you like this. The plot is good and you must take the time to explore and read everything to really enjoy the story.In a nutshell: was worth it!"
76561198039811215,Recommended,402020,24093885,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Mike Hawthorne,"HiI have mixed feelings, this is not a game, it's more of an experience.You don't actually do anything except follow the path through to the end.It is interesting, but if you, as I do, play the Secret World Online then it's worth it to have the experience and get a set of 10.9 neck gold talismans as a reward at the end, along with a flare gun and a Killer Chipmonk Suit.Mike"
,Recommended,402020,24071509,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Somatix,"It has a really great atmosphere and is fairly gripping to learn about what happened to the main character's son.  The game is short though and the last 10-15 minutes felt like it was really dragged out.  The game isn't very scary; but has more of an eerie tone with about 3 to 5 jump scares scattered into the 90 minute playtime.   Also, I didn't realize this game was a spin off from The Secret World until after I had played through it.  I've never played Secret World; but I didn't feel like I was missing much from the story due to this.  I would recommend it; but only if you can get it on sale."
76561198066413050,Recommended,402020,24054179,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Morphit,Short game but worth it because of the Steam Summer sale. Its not that bad of a game. I'd rather play this in VR. i bet it would be amazing with the sounds and jump scares.
,Recommended,402020,23999866,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,faltHes,"Notoriously short game, but its a worthwhile experience.  If you haven't spoiled the plot for yourself already, and want a fair bite-size story focused horror-house walkaround, give The Park a shot.  Generally only worth picking up on sale if you're time/cost value focused."
,Recommended,402020,24190373,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Djevel,"To address the elephant in the room...it's very short. Maybe 2hrs of gameplay, if you take your time and enjoy the scenary. As a The Secret World (TSW) player, The Park was kind of a given to play. As a TSW player, you'll easily recognize the main attractions of the park, however, the walkthrough of it all doesn't visually match up with TSW. It's much more expansive, meaning it takes a bit of time to walk from one attraction to another, picking up the pieces of the story (as well as the needed equipment to progress that storyline) until you eventually complete the narrative. It's less a game than than an interactive story. No puzzles, combat, etc. It's not scary, though some portions are suspenseful. The sound and voice acting are pretty top notch, though. In similar vein to TSW, the ambience of the place is worth it all. I bought this on steam summer sale @ $6, so I'd say it's probably worth it for that. For the $12 asking price...that's a little steep. It's really a one time play through just for the story, maybe a second if you are attempting all the achievements."
,Recommended,402020,24097489,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,bendparker,"I enjoyed this game.  Great atmosphere, very creepy.  Even a few good jump scares.  Plot was good, albeit a bit rushed.  I didn't care enough about the characters to worry about what happened to them.  The ending was a bit ambiguous, but perhaps what the developers were going for.  It seemed more like a Shareware type of thing, and I wish it were longer, however if they make more of them, I'll definitely play them."
,Recommended,402020,24871745,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,vV15hB0n3,"This game is a good one i just wish it was longer, i finished in just over an hour and a half.Pros-Good story-Creepy enviroments-Voice acting & soundsCons-Length (too short)-Not as scary as i thought it would be"
76561198072893168,Recommended,402020,24752861,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Purpleman101,Just finished playing this and OH SWEET MERCIFUL JESUS.10/10Would recomend.
76561198126715118,Recommended,402020,24818594,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,SilentStorm,"I just finished this game. I played with a dual core processor and  a decent video card with absolutely no lag or crashes.With that said, I found this game to be alot of fun.  More creepy than scary, with a few jump scares.   I found the whole experience  disturbing and I think that being in any amusement park alone, in the dark , with strange shadows,  noises andthings falling apart around you unsettling to say the least!  So if thats what you are looking for, go for it !!I got 12/14 achivements without even trying, so it shouldn't be that hard to get them all, if thats something you want. I got this when it was on sale, so I can't complain about finishing in under 3 hours. It was a great 3 hours !"
,Recommended,402020,22834843,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,hitt.william,"Though the ending drags, this title sets a fantastic, grim mood, and tells an intriguing tale of mother and son.  The production values here are great, but the cost may not be worth the short playtime."
,Recommended,402020,22769365,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,00DeadMonkey,It's a good 90 minute thriller. Think of it as a good horror movie but you get to controle the camra. Something fun you can do is play this alone in one room with headphones and hook a TV up in another room on a duplecte feed and have some friends watch it sepreat from you playing it. You get a good game and they get a good movie.
,Recommended,402020,22769915,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,timelordgaming305,I love this game it's one of those were the hell do i good with a story that will never be answer the achievements were easy for 75% but i had a horrible experiences with my computer going slow but it help me see the game different but play it probably when it's on sale
76561198090223772,Recommended,402020,22860518,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,♋,"The Park is set in a creepy amusement park which has had a outbreak of strange accidents and bizarre killings. Eerie atmosphere, story, visuals and sound are very good. I have played and enjoyed it and would recommend it to anyone who would like a little scare."
,Not Recommended,402020,18803543,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Tidy,bigger game please?.... more♥♥♥♥♥♥to do ?....... some creepy♥♥♥♥♥♥would be nice? :)
,Recommended,402020,22648639,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,undrentide,"Short and SweetNever heard of Secret World before of which The Park is a spin off. Turns out i didnt really need to. This is a story intesive walking simulator for all intents and purposes and one which does its job very well. The story is about a woman and her son who is about to leave a theme park just as its closing. The son realises hes lost his favourite teddybear somewhere in the park and the woman goes to inquire with reception about finding said bear. In the meantime hotheaded son sneaks into the park to look for the bear and what essentially follows is a game of cat and mouse.The Park has its own character and is dark and brooding with more than a hint of the supernatural...the story unfolds and for anyone who played Konami's P.T demo this game will definately resonate.Yes its short, i finished it in a couple of hours, but in those two hours i sat fully immersed with the lights off and headphones on and had quite a few jumps.If you see this in the sales, and want a brief diversion from lengthier games id recommend it. Not quite worth full price though as its not a game that really benefits from a repeat runthrough unless your showing off the park to a friend.The developers could make a good full sized game from this!"
,Not Recommended,402020,21754785,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Ornery Acorn,"The atmosphere of the game was well done, and there were a few spots where I got a good jumpscare or was just totally creeped out. I'm editing this review (but still leaving it as negative) because I've been told I may have been too harsh. Apparently this game makes more sense if you've played The Secret World - which I have, but I have not yet reached the areas that will shed light on this game's backstory.I'm still giving this a negative review, because the pace was too slow for my taste, and there wasn't all that much actual content in the game. It also was quite repetitive at times. I'll edit this review again after I've completed the areas in TSW and see if I feel differently."
76561198072585625,Recommended,402020,26611139,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,egglipse,"Like others say, this is pretty much just you walking around, taking in the sights and having the story gradually unfold.For me, this is what a good walking sim is all about - interesting visuals and compelling story coming together to create an immersive experience. My favourite part was how the writing was not talking down to me as the story unfolded, but neither was it getting too esoteric (*cough*Chinese Room*cough*). It's a 'not what it seems' story, but that's good: what started as a fairly typical plot turned into a different sort of horror underneath the blatantly spooky facade."
76561198066553474,Recommended,402020,28216840,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Trustno1,"very short game however it is pretty good. I was terrified at the end, great story/backstory, left me wanting more answers than i arrived with.10/10 buy in the sales though as its about 1hr 30 gameplay."
76561198202251410,Recommended,402020,28701893,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,DJ BOMBER 17,"Not that scary, still creapy, and fun!"
,Recommended,402020,23560653,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Sir Scarekrow,"The Park is not the longest game in the Horror genre, but what it lacks in length they make up for in Story telling. The story gets alittle confusing in the beginning, but slowly you learn more and more of the demented side of the park. Beside the Story and length, the graphics are done wonderfully for a horror game, and the gameplay is also fluid (oher than getting on the ride, loading onto a ride is weird...)Overall its a 8.5/10 in my book!"
,Recommended,402020,23812580,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,I Jedi,"I don't believe that The Park is in the same arena as other mystery games such as The Vanishing of Ethan Carter, but it does a good job of keeping the player engaged in the story, that the adventure is worth the price. In this game, you won't find yourself shooting bad guys, killing monsters or doing much of anything else except solving the mystery surrounding Atlantic Island Park and more so Lorraine's son, Callum, and his disappearance.The visuals are great but not amazing, the mechanics are solid, and if you can use WASD on your keyboard, you're 90% of the way to learning how to interact in this game. The biggest complaint I have is that the story is rather short - I finished it in a little over an hour and a half, but the story is definitely something one will want to experience for themselves. Overall, if you liked The Vanishing of Ethan Carter, this game is sure to deliver a good experience, too."
,Not Recommended,402020,23737018,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Monsieur Raven Wings,"Overall? Short. WAY too short. It's a good game, compelling story, makes you not to want to do anything, but it's short. I loved the story and the fact that I could connect it with their other game made it that much more enjoyable for me.I've played The Secret World and this is NOT The Secret World. Sure, you could say 'it's in the same universe though', but that's it. It's one story out of the many many stories in The Secret World, it would have been better if they named it like 'The Secret Stories' and made it a bunch of the origins behind some of the quests in The Secret World, but this is only one place. You can see from my playtime, and the fact that I have ALL of the achievements in this game, that it is SO easy to complete.Would I recommend this game to a friend for something short to do? Yes. At this price? NO. This is about $2 worth of content, that I spent $10 on, that I didn't even think of refunding for some reason. Do yourself a favor, don't get it. The Secret World is better, but this.. this is just... a fragment of what it could have been."
,Not Recommended,402020,22543486,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,1.21 Jiggawatts,"It's really had to say yes or no on this one. It had some spooky moments but relied almost entirely on jump scares. I finished it in just over an hour, which was a little too short for my liking. It then devolved into a PT clone, which was disapointing.But, it was atmospheric and had a good story, so it wasn't all negative.Honestly, if this game was $5, I would say give it a play."
,Recommended,402020,22566566,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Space Cowboy,"Great game, takes you thru a really uniqe experince"
76561198054370008,Recommended,402020,22557233,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,stormcloud1973,"Great Game,May be a shortish game but the story is exellent,and lots of Scary moments :D"
,Recommended,402020,22616924,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Lady Strify,"Short, scary game with an ending that will leave you satisfied, and thinking about it for hours..."
,Recommended,402020,22578945,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Cosmic Castaway ⎝👽⎠,"I had trouble deciding whether or not to recommend this game. Personally, despite enjoying it all the way through, I hated it. But I don't play horror games, and I like fairy tale endings. That being said, if you do like horror games, and can appreciate ambiguous and unsatisfying endings, I'd imagine you would love this game.  It's my second favorite horror game, the first being Among the Sleep, and the only other horror game I've beaten."
76561198141509028,Recommended,402020,22623493,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,GoldenPants,"It's short, but really entertaining; a roller coaster ride. Also, voice acting is really great."
,Not Recommended,402020,22624894,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,The NeverCat,"The story is all over the place and is VERY dissapointing, the jump scares are few and far beween and the actual game will last you about 45minutes... Save your money, this is only here to sell you another game. I for once want my $10 back..."
,Recommended,402020,22734810,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Yakky33,"Pretty Typical to predictable. Only a couple things that my wife and I jumped. Basic storyline, very linear and not interactive with any actuale decisions to be made. Storyline is very freaky and great when incorporating hansel and gretel as the main premises. The twist was great and I will now forever view a chipmunk as scary. This is clearly a one time quick play that last only a couple hours. Does not have any replay value whatsoever. I liked this game overall. Wait for at least 40% off sale to purchase. I think its a great alternative to a crappy scary movie."
76561198063544561,Recommended,402020,22783025,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Tokyo Death Metal,"This game had its ups and downs, but overall it gives you the feeling of being alone.. or not.  Dislikes about it are its ending (i know) and the goofy animations it has on rides,"
76561197984268385,Recommended,402020,22657198,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Sodhiox,"This game is not scary, although there is one or two mildly scary part. The beginning of the game feels vivid and boring. The further you progress in the story the better the game become. The last 20 min of the games is mostly where you get your money's worth. It feels like the programmers and designers of the game started to understand how to make a game interesting around the middle of the ''experience'', which is sad... I would recommend the game if it is in special, but not full price.Pros: Interesting storygood graphicsgreat endinggood ambianceCons: very short 60-70 minsfirst 20min very boringnot scary"
76561197981853015,Recommended,402020,22664856,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,mysticmonkey711,"Spooky. If you have the MMO you can get some unlocks for buying this, but if not, i wouldn't recommend unless its on sale.The game demands a second play through. the first time around you have no idea what is happening, you just run around and be scared the whole time, but the second time you have time to appreciate the writing, and how it is DRIPPING with allusions and foreshadowing.Would recommend for a spooky hour at night.MY PLAYTHROUGH:https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLfclA_Oc9G_RqKR8SwcIVHp63k_WS9m_4"
,Not Recommended,402020,22655152,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Demi,"sigh, where do i begin?--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Ok first thing first. The gameplay or the lack of, since it barely has any. The monsters dont hurt you, they are litterly just jumpscares, thats it. You may say, its all in our protagonist brain. but no, they are real.The visuals swings from a masterpeice to a mediocre garbage. The game runs very smoothly, no dips below 60fos, PERFECT. The sound is also good but also swings from good to fine to mediocre.ok abdallah, what about the story? its bad, really bad. Its nothing you already didn't read or seen in other mediums.a mother searching for her son, which is revealed that she actually hate him and he is ruinng her life.The length of the game is also bad, you can, in fact, finish the game in an hour AND see everthing.aside from the graphics, the game doensn't give you a reason to buy or play, since this isn't any different than other walking simulators.--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------The good:1-GraphicsThe Bad:1-Length2-Story3-lack of gameplay"
,Not Recommended,402020,21502135,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Seohnstaob,Predictable plot. Hardly enough gameplay. A few jump scares. Not worth the $13 I paid for an hour of game. :(
,Recommended,402020,20434742,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,FieryEgon,"A short horror game about a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ mom that actually doesn't want her ♥♥♥♥♥♥ son, nice ending though."
,Recommended,402020,21308879,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Threemoons,"If you like The Secret World, then this creepy game is a MUST."
,Recommended,402020,20365509,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Captain Howdy,"NOT A TSW PLAYERIf you LOVE jumpscares, you will NOT love this game. Its super atmospheric and lovely and unsettling. The 'Shout' mechanic is actually useful, unlike Heavy Rain. BUT! If you HATE theme parks because they're creepy and find the general atmosphere of those places terrifying, this game will scare you! I personally loved it and thought it worked out really well. And if you like literature, ypou'll love all the dumb jokes you can pick up on in the game.Overall, I loved it. It was well worh the 3 months I waited for this to go on sale.20bucks? Maybe not so much. But 5 seems reasonable."
,Not Recommended,402020,20370145,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,W0ah wOAh WoAH,"We get it. We miss PT too.Seriously though, I can only reccomend this game if it's at least 75% off, and you're really scraping the bottom of the barrel trying to find another Post-PT-Cancellation, story-driven, horror game. The atmosphere is not engaging, the story is nonsensical and relies very heavily on hoping the player doesn't think about it too much, and there are simply far too many better games out there with the same goal as this one."
,Recommended,402020,20350251,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,olliepm,"Overall, this game is an absoloute piece of art and has shot right up into my top 5 somewhere.   Do you love Bioshock?  Abstract storytelling?  Rollercoasters?If you're anything like me, you do love Bioshock and will love The Park for the same sort of reasons.  It has that same level of narrative immersion that makes you feel like you are truly a part of the story.  The eeire horror environment is stunning and I would've explored every detail of it if I wasn't afraid something terrible was about to happen to me at all times.  There are even some philisophical vibes to The Park, so it's a must play for Bioshock fans.  As a bonus there are amusment park rides to enjoy.The sound design is actually some of the best audio work I've heard in a game for a long time. In conjunction with the visual and/or narrative events, the sound becomes part of a multisensory expereince; you don't actually notice the sound so much as notice how the whole game is making you feel as part of that multisensory experience.  (You will only expereince this properly if you play in the dark with headphones)I'm certain that Funcom know their psychology.  It is entirely appropriate to call The Park a 'psychological' horror as at times it was noticable that the gameplay was likely designed to affect/manipulate the players mental state.  An example of this might be gameplay that is designed to confuse the player first, and THEN deliver the next part of the story so that it illicits a stronger emotion in the player.There is a lot of realism in the game considering the concept is entirely fictional too.  Something blew my mind in this regard that I won't detail in case I spoil it, but Funcom know exactly what the walls would look like if you had ingested magic mushrooms...  EXACTLY what the walls would look like..."
76561198117055124,Recommended,402020,20435704,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Chezomac,"A couple of jumpscares, and a very disturbing story."
,Recommended,402020,20355525,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Juldans,"A common fear is to fail as parents and lose our children. Another common fear is to lose our minds. What if it is already too late?In The Park you play as Lorraine, a single mother. The game begins at her car on an otherwise empty parking lot outside the Atlantic Island Park, an amusement park that has just closed for the day. Your son, Callum, has lost his teddy bear and you go to the entrance to ask the attendant if it has been found. Suddenly you hear Callum enter the park. You need to search for him in the now empty and dark amusement areas. While doing this you learn more about the history of the park, and also, maybe more importantly, more about yourself through objects you find and through an inner monologue. Have you failed as a mother?The gameplay in The Park is very basic: You walk around in the park, click on some objects and shout for Callum, and there are no real choices you can make in the game. However, The Park is not really a game in the traditional sense. Instead the focus is on the atmosphere, the suspense and the storytelling and I think that these aspects are well executed. Despite some unnecessary, and honestly stupid, jump scares I found the story very scary on a psychological level, and towards the end I was also moved to such degree that I played with tears in my eyes. That does not happen often when I am by the computer. Since I often cry watching films and reading books it seems that my eyes consider The Park to be an expression closer to those formats than that of other games.The Atlantic Island Park is a location in The Secret World, an MMO I have played excessively the last couple of years, and the storyline in The Park fits well into that universe."
,Recommended,402020,20523634,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Arcade Coin,I'm too lazy to write a review right now.
,Recommended,402020,20649730,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Old Boy,Short but sweet! Scary and strange. Grab this one!
,Not Recommended,402020,23952386,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Da Ork,Not really a game or scary. It managed two or three jump scares through it. However if you are a TSW player then you may find the history of the park interesting like I did.
,Recommended,402020,23906998,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,KristinaWilson,"Not the longest game, but it was very enjoyable"
76561198097389629,Recommended,402020,22999373,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,KI1G,The game has a good story and all that but the thing i disslike aboute this game is that is so short but owerall i thing is a good game.
76561198062929052,Recommended,402020,23001796,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Feels Good..,"A short but twisted look at what the human mind does as it snaps, step by brutal step - 9/10 - I'd give it a full 10 if it weren't so short. A definite must-buy if you see it on sale."
76561197993682658,Recommended,402020,23034167,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Chokolada,"First time I played a horror adventur. Big fan of The Secret World, and love how they used this game to give a backdrop on some stuff there."
,Recommended,402020,26111263,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Yoshi The Green,"Short and sweetMore atmospheric and a tale of how one can go into madness when losing a loved one.Take your time and enjoy the story.Read the papers that are around and dive deeper into it and immerse yourself, rather than justplaying to get a cheap thrill."
,Recommended,402020,26324445,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Sir Real,"The Park is more of an interactive movie than a game but oh my god do I love it. I'm a horror enthusiast and it takes a lot to make me jump and shiver, this game did it in all the best ways. The game's sounds are the most important thing, so play it with headphones on for the best effect, it really puts you in the helpless lost place that is this woman's life. Gameplay is simple, as in walk and interract simple, but that's all you need. The horror unfolds with psychologial terror that comes at you with each ride in such creepy ways. It's kind of short, but that's all they needed to tell the story. Play it!"
76561198033624817,Recommended,402020,26310652,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,a_bumber,I liked it... It had a intreasting (although predictable) story... good sound track devolped charactures with intreasting arches... Reminist of the old silent hill games...if silent hill was in story mode and didn't have the hell demention..
,Recommended,402020,26308319,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,BonBonB,"Atmospheric game. My biggest gripe was the ""end"". I'm not sure I actually finished the game. No spoliers, but I made a big discovery behind a stall, and then the game basicly froze, no mouse or keyboard control, other than to escape to main menu. I started a new game and rushed to the end and the same game freeze occured. Until then the game was a 7/10 for me, but this disappointment reduces my rating to a 6."
76561198022919671,Recommended,402020,25848930,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Ninjak,Play it in the dark with head phones at night and play it stright on through. It was short but very enjoyable more so for me because I played The Secret World and knew some of the backstory about the park. I recomend it if you like taking your time and letting the game take you on its ride.
,Recommended,402020,25915004,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,¤Phantom Pyro¤™,"This game started out kind of slow, but as I played it more and more I honestly started to get scared. I am a big horror finatic and because of that, few games, movies, shows, etc. are actually able to scare or even just disturb me. But this game is a work of art, it takes something that seems so harmless, so safe, and takes a nose-dive into the horror. As I played on, I couldn't help but feel somewhat unnerved as I progressed through the areas and read about the lore. In the end, I was on the edge of my seat waiting for the next thing to scare me. I'd give this game a 4/5. I would higly recommend playing if you're into the whole psychological horror scene."
76561198015196676,Recommended,402020,25940486,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,ssh4life,"Creepy fun and good voice acting. Lots of neat details to examine. Not too many jump scares thankfully, relies more on a good use of atmosphere. The music is dynamic and seamlessly builds as the tension increases. Game length was perfect, about movie length. Scared me more than any of the 3 horror films I watched today before I played :)"
,Recommended,402020,26020741,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,eaturbyfill,"This game has a fantastic premise and atmosphere, but I have some criticisms regarding its execution. The scares and gameplay became quite formulaic by the end: walk to the next ride, get on the ride, the protagonist provides monologue, a scare occurs, repeat. I don't mind linear games, but this repetition failed to leave me guessing as to what may happen next or what surprises might await at the next location. It does run short at around an hour of gameplay. My playtime is at 1.5 hours with all achievements.Overall, I do recommend this game, but it could have been far better. 6/10."
,Recommended,402020,26346867,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Kobe Bryant's Underwear,"I played this for a Halloween scary themed stream on Twitch! Overall, I enjoyed what it was. Really nicely done in atmospheric horror. A nod to Silnet Hill in it which was creepy as well. A little short for me and not a whole lot of action, but I quick little creepy game! 7/10"
,Recommended,402020,26347251,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Killurself2day,"If your a newbie to the steam world and want to try just a short,  great looking game with that element of horror in it.  Try The Park.....you can't go wrong!!!....Develepors did a great job on this one"
,Not Recommended,402020,26378298,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Zombray,"First off, the atmosphere was pretty great and sound effects were chilling for the most part, I enjoyed the storyline and the setting as well. There were a few really good jump scares, but it definately isn't worth the full asking price(12.99$). Thankfully I bought it on sale for 6 bucks, I overall did enjoy this game, but I do not recommend due to the price =]"
,Recommended,402020,26361148,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Saky Saky,"Pos - nice graphics, story, riding all rides in park, you can complete game and get full refund.Neg - 40 min gameplay, cheap jumpscares (if you can call it jumpscares) , when u change settings sensitivity goes to lowest by itself,The best thing about this game is you can complete the story, get 3 trading cards, and get a full refund, so you basicly earn money by playing game.10/10 , thanks for 0,30+ €"
,Not Recommended,402020,20509327,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,SFB,"The park is not scary at all. There are two, count them, two jumpscares in the game. The atmosphere is there, but it alone does not do a very good job. You spend most of the game going through amusement park rides, with only one of the rides having a bit of a spooky twist. The ending is confusing and gives you no closure whatsoever.The graphics and voice acting is decent. That's about the only positives I can think for this game. A shame, really. I had high hopes for this game.Overall, If you can get it for like 75% off, go for it. It's a nice game if it had a price tag of about 5€ or so.Otherwise, don't buy it. Not worth 13€.Look at my hours played. It takes that long to finish the game."
,Recommended,402020,25718560,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,S. DLG,"It's too short, I expected a longer story. I literally finished it in 50 minutes. Not really worth its price. But on the other hand it has a great deep story and good while it lasted. Not really a good replayable game though but fun and a scary atmosphere with a few jumpscares that definitely got me. I give it a 8/10."
76561197981651069,Recommended,402020,25815347,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Monshroud,"The Park isn't really a game.  It's more psychological exploration and story telling.  The story revolves around you whose child loses his teddy bear in an amusement park.  He runs into the park and you are lead down a path of discovery.  The game oozes atmosphere and is generally creepy.  Other than a few jump scares there isn't much horror to this.  Although if you have ever lost your child in a park or a mall and have been calling out to them, this may strike a chord.  Took me a bit under two hours to complete it.  Play with the sound up and the lights off.  A great way to kick off the Halloween season!"
,Recommended,402020,25327666,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Sorren,"It's basically a walking movie, though it's a well-done one. Expect only an hour or two of playtime, and little to no replay value. The graphics are very good, and the atmosphere is immersive and spooky. The story is okay, though it was cliche and left me longing for something better.plot spoiler alert. Seriously, this ruins any surprise, if you don't figure it out for yourself about twenty minutes in.The mother is a mental patient experiencing regression. It's kind of a bummer, really, since they actually bothered up setting up a bunch of background for the park, simply to fit a hallucination.Was a fun experience, though I wouldn't play it again.Buy it on sale, or something."
,Recommended,402020,24965642,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Burntpinz,"Is it a fun atmospheric horror game = YesIs it worth playing even though it is short = YesIs it worth full price ($12.99) = Maybe...If you enjoy the game and decide you would then like to go onto playing The Secret World, the price might then be justified by the in-game items you will receive for purchasing The Park. Otherwise, probably hold off for a sale.I was able to boot the game and do a full playthrough without any issues.Not a very graphical demanding game even on Ultra - that is all you get for video settings a slider for quality. But this isn't exactly Skyrim.Overall I feel it is a well put together experience with some creepy moments. Also,  if you play this game and then The Secret World or Vice-Versa, you will pick up on references in story, characters mentioned, and certain storylines involving The Park.Incidentally, I thought it was one of the best areas in The Secret World."
76561197984576500,Recommended,402020,22635457,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Moonshadow,Thought provoking and sinister 10/10.
,Recommended,402020,22581238,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,WorstGirlGamer,"Decent game, Kind of predictable."
76561198255914948,Recommended,402020,24428290,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Nosta82,"First time I've wanted to review a game, couldn't decide whether to recommend or not, since I bought it on the basis that the negative reviews were not too negative.I enjoyed this game. ..... But as soon as it starts to get good and gripping , it ends, It's abrupt. It left me wanting more and a i felt little unsatisfied.This is not a puzzle game or a deep exploration game, there is nothing to solve atall really.You go where it wants you to and follow the story.Which is quite nice.There are a couple of ""scary"" parts but it was mostly just creepy and interesting to see what was coming next.I honestly felt they could have done more. There were plenty of typical horror game/movie scenes which were done well (there's a part that is clearly paying tribute to a certain game, which is awesome:) and I personally wanted more of that, more random ghostly/crazy things happening would have made it way better and not too much extra work on the developers part ... I'm trying to not spoil anything here so I can't be more specific, but if you play it you will see.I recommend it BUT only if your ok with what I said. When I decided to buy it, I read the negatives and they said similar things but many were angry that they didn't get more.However most everyone agreed the atmosphere, graphics, story were all decent and are enough to be worth the money."
,Not Recommended,402020,24679628,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Shilmna,"The biggest problem with this game is the pacing.  It's what makes a 2 hour horror game feel like it's four hours of boredom simulation.  The few scares it has are so few and far between that it is unable to build a sense of anxiety in the player.The original selling point for me was the setting, and I must say that the abandoned theme park at night inspired no chills or thrills.  Overall, a massive missed oppurtunity and disappointment."
,Recommended,402020,27981227,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,SkullerDeath,"This game scared me two times. Easy 100% achievements. I have finished ""The Park"" only in 70 minutes, but gameplay is short and overpriced. I Recommend this game, who likes Horror, intresting storyline and great atmosphere!"
76561197970588870,Recommended,402020,30964912,Posted: 5 April,all,Zimon,"Short but good game. It has a linear story, but the story is rather good and the theme is rather Cthulhu mythos/roleplaying game based without spoiling any further. It had it's creepy parts, it had is slow parts but in overall I enjoyed it and do recommend it if you like games that as kinda horror/creepy."
,Recommended,402020,26328278,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,eastbro,"This game is great! But way too short! The Park is only about an hour and a half! Even though it has great graphics and is tense all the way through the real scares are so few and far between and ALL of the scares are jumpscares!But the one thing holding this game is the cool story, the ending is twisted and when you really think about it, messed up!Overall buy this game on sale! You won't regret it!"
,Recommended,402020,28419071,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Nightmare!,"A profoundly surprising and openly ambiguous game that clutches at the darker, more fundamental pillars of our most primal fears. Humans are never quite so afraid as when an offspring is lost or in peril and The Park is an excellent analysis of the impact that such loss can cause on a psyche. Set in The Secret World universe, The Park is richly voiced, well-written and possessed of lavish, creepy atmosphere, with truly dreadful imagery that bespeaks of unsettling evil that festers in the darkest corners of both our physical world and darkest recesses of our minds. The game is absolutely gorgeous and Unreal Engine 4 is used to great effect.Everything from the hallucinatory episodes, to the imposing power of the ferris wheel, to the strangling darkness of the roller coaster all present a horrible playground of suffering and darker passions. The game is very short, averaging about 2 hours with careful exploration and, yes, the ending isn't conclusive or definitive. The game forces you to be mature, adaptable and careful with your analysis of concepts and events. The story must be carefully pieced together from logs, article clippings and journal snippets that you discover in your examination of the park grounds but thorough players will soon crack the nut of The Park's labyrinthine ending.The game isn't scary, per se, but it does induce dread and it definitely has occasional jump scares, like those near the Octatron, and in the midway. What The Park does offer, is a clever, expansive world, more atmosphere than most games can ever hope to have in campaigns that are ten times as long, and a gorgeous aesthetic that is sure to please discerning gamers. The Park is an art piece advertising a game with far more inspiration/content but, sadly, far less style. Pick The Park up on a Steam sale, turn the lights off, dial up the volume and enjoy the experience.In The Park, the ride may be short but it's certainly bittersweet.Recommended:8/10."
,Recommended,402020,28457736,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,BodyModz | Xnxx.com,"Loved the game graphics are amazing and the story is great, only thing is its to short to be $12.99. still a great game tho"
,Recommended,402020,28321374,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Mr.Blue,"This game was surprisingly short. Around 109 minutes long for me to complete. The game was smooth and honestly kinda alittle freaky at times. None the less i enjoyed it. One of the things I like the most was being able to ride on the amusment park rides, I just really wish this gameplay was alittle longer."
76561198207765791,Recommended,402020,28090773,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,alisoncircus,"This is not a game. It's a story. It is marginally interactive in that you need to respond to keep moving forward, and it nominally has choices - but there's only one choice that will continue the story, so once you've moved around it until you've seen all the scenery, you go back and do what it asked you to do in the first place.Don't get me wrong - it's a very good story. Quite absorbing, and you're not certain of the ending until you actually get there. I enjoyed the two hours that it took me to finish it - although I could have done it in less if I hadn't looked at all the scenery. It's good, very good. But it's not a game. As long as you know that, and know that it's merely an evening's entertainment, you can decide if the price was worth it. I got it on sale for Halloween, and I'm satisfied. So I recommend it - for anyone who wants a good story."
,Recommended,402020,28353319,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,INCISIVENESS,"The Parkis more of a creepy game than a horror. The visuals are dark and eerie, but very well rendered. There were a few instances throughout my playthrough where certain events made my skin crawl, and/or gave me an adrenaline rush. The storyline has an interesting twist, but is altogether great just like the voice acting! The achievements (for the ones who care about those) are easy to acquire. The only thing I didn't like aboutThe Parkwas the lack exploration. Other than that I approve - recommended!"
,Recommended,402020,27661912,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Reggiez,"Was this a scary game and is it worth getting?Well it kind of depends on what you are after when going through a ""horror"" game. I personally thought this was a great little game (The game is somewhat short). It had a story worth pondering over and the setting was great.I have heard that this game has some other related games in the same world that could explain some things further. I think that would have helped me a bit. As it were the story was relevant enough to stick with and it also threw in a few surprises.Worth mentioning is the fact that this game is almost on rails and it is more about exploring and seeing things than actually doing things. This could prabably turn some people of this game and it is fully understandable. Also, in my opinion the least scary bit about this game was the ""monster"". They could have worked a bit more on that one.As it stands the most scary thing about the game is the amusement park setting (which they nail) and the story itself.Aside from these things I found the game well worth my time and I would give it a 3/5 score."
,Recommended,402020,33245922,Posted: 4 July,all,Blackhawks,"My Review For The ParkPositivesGood GraphicsVery *Scary* Feel to the park.Story was pretty good.NegativesVery ShortOverallEven though i made the Positives and Negatives pretty short, there was not much i could go off of the game was extremely short but the game overall was actually pretty good for the fact i actually really like horror games. If you dont like horror games this may not be for you as for me i give it around 7-8/10. But i would only get it on sale cause of how Short the gameplay is."
76561198047847956,Recommended,402020,33425208,Posted: 10 July,all,Edriella,It was great but for the discount price. For the full price I would say it is a little bit too expensive for 3 hours experience.
76561198149852823,Recommended,402020,33419306,Posted: 9 July,all,TrevorG91,"ooooooooooook.so bought this game on sale, wouldnt pay full price for this game.I WOULD ONLY RECOMMEND THIS GAME ON  SALE!!!!!!!!!!!.7/10pros......FULL XBOX CONTROLLER SUPPORTgood graphicsgood storyalittle scary with alot of jump scarefree run, can go anywhere any ordercons......very short maybe 2hrs ishthe letters are neat to read but the lettering SUCKS!!!!!!! VERY HARD TO READ!!! if they made that better itd be more fun, cause i was squinting real hard at the screen just barely able to read the letters."
,Recommended,402020,32175566,Posted: 4 June,all,Carsomyr,"Essentially a horror-themed, linear walking sim. There aren't a lot of characters or interactions, it's all about the main character. The atmosphere is really well done but it's the second half where it really shines. I'd liken it to a well made horror movie more than a game."
,Recommended,402020,32046268,Posted: 29 May,all,Squatch Crafter,it was to short and the story ended too soon i with it was draged along just alittle bit longer maybe an noter ride or mabe have difrant ending for players to find but over all it was a good game i liked it
,Recommended,402020,32460540,Posted: 15 June,all,"Loweboy, The Last Monroe","Yeah, that was super ♥♥♥♥ing creepy."
76561197972409186,Recommended,402020,32500419,Posted: 17 June,all,Sternn,A nice solo atmospheric adventure based in TSW.
,Recommended,402020,28735845,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,stl_cardinals_freak,Great game! Killer storyline with a few jump scares thrown in. Play it and you will always return to The Park!
76561198013699591,Recommended,402020,28951456,Posted: 2 January,all,Wodrith,The boat ride was a trick!
76561198144022175,Not Recommended,402020,30222050,Posted: 27 February,all,Mr.Chippers,"To be honest. This game was a total waste of time, the gameplay was boring, the animation was♥♥♥♥♥♥ The story didn't make any sense, and just hearing the main character complain about ♥♥♥♥ing everything gave me a ♥♥♥♥ing headache.Is this what people consider Horror these days?!"
,Recommended,402020,30264026,Posted: 1 March,all,GrumbleGamer,"The game was good for a short walking simulator, but parts of it felt dragged out in order to make it last the hour and 45 minutes that it did. I enjoyed it the first time but I don't think I'll play it again besides when I go to record it for youtube."
,Recommended,402020,30308226,Posted: 3 March,all,Jhun,"This barely scrapes by with a recommendation, and definitely not at full price. If you can get it at a good discount, go for it, but otherwise for $10+ you can get better horror games that last longer. It's very, very short, running about 1.5 to 2 hours max. Also, it's not really that scary. There are a few jump scares here and there, but on the whole it's not very frightening. I will say that the second part of the game is much better than the first part.Once you enter the haunted house and the back story of the main character is revealed, of what she went through and how she coped with it, it becomes more ofa psychological, unsettling type of scary rather than an out-and-out horror game, and that's where this game shines best. You don't need to have played The Secret World to appreciate the story, but I helps,and it certainly helps to understand the loose ending."
76561198285516952,Recommended,402020,30347909,Posted: 5 March,all,Microsoft Powerpoint,"Don't get me wrong; it's a good game, but for how short it is, it should be cheaper. Good game tho ; )"
76561198264283196,Recommended,402020,30376008,Posted: 7 March,all,emma-a,"This game is very good. However, it is incredibly short (less than an hour and a half) and not for the faint hearted, as it deals with very mature and uncomfortable themes. It's not scary, it's more unsettling and disturbing. It's very very mild horror so good for anyone who wants to dip a toe into the horror pool without being freaked out.Good story, decent jump scares and very interesting. I enjoyed it. Admittedly I did buy it on sale, so if you're going to buy it, get it on sale because it is very very short."
76561197990619440,Recommended,402020,29438379,Posted: 22 January,all,DrPancakeFace /YouTube,Alot of fun to play.  I love the story.  Had a couple good jump scares.  I wouldn't pay full price for this though.  I'm glad I got it on sale.
,Not Recommended,402020,30091841,Posted: 21 February,all,jenny.boyle76,"I wanted to love this game. Even after reading the mixed reviews, I gave it a chance anyway.This game had so much potential but unfortunately, left me feeling a little cheated. It's short, yes, but that can work for some games. This one, not so much.You hop on some amusement park rides (6 in total). Each one has one instance of something ""scary"" although in the end it wasn't really scary. The atmosphere is what created the the creepy factor, the rides themselves were a let down. There is a bit of a back-story of the Park but again, it seems to have been thrown in as an after fact and not clearly developed.This game COULD have been amazing. With a bit more story, a lot more scare, and more involved and horrifying rides. If you want a quick game to play that might be a little scary, give it a go (if it's on sale). If it's at full price and you really enjoy scary horror games, find something else."
,Recommended,402020,30100560,Posted: 22 February,all,Citizen_Pain,"THE PARK - A Review by Citizen_PainForewordThis Review ofThe Parkis the first in, what i hope to achieve, a line of reviews giving detailed information about the game from not only my perspective, but i'll even try to stay close to the facts and just add my personal opinion in through small doses. I'll also try to steer clear of spoilers and not ruin the fun for anybody, but if you aim to play the game without any information on story or gameplay whatsoever, try it out yourself and don't read on. I'm a german native, so excuse any and all shortcomings when it comes to the english language.Short OverviewSingle-player gameFirst person viewHorror gameSteam Trading Cards and AchievementsDeveloped by FuncomLore tied into „The Secret World“ by FuncomExclusive items for use in „The Secret World“ upon purchaseWhat isThe Park?The Parkis a single-player, first person horror game, currently sold in a price range of under 15 bucks. It is sarcastically labeled as a walking simulator and, while i don't support the mockery that comes with it, not entirely unjustified. The Park aims to deliver you a story. It does not want to show off crazy mechanics, breathtaking graphics or intriguing gameplay. It is just a story. Seeing that the Developer of the game isFuncom, you can expect a good story though. The best way to describe this game is not as a game, but as a movie. You pay for the narrative, but this time it's you being in the drivers seat and exploring the story yourself instead of being told the narrative by movie characters. If you are looking for a game with great replayability or casual gameplay,The Parkis not for you.The game itselfThe game puts you into the perspective of Lorraine, a seemingly single mother, who took her son, Callum, to an amusement park calledAtlantic Island Park. The game does not give you many explanations or an introduction, it just lets you jump right in. You find yourself in the parking lot with your son in the backseat of your car. Shortly after, you are being told that your son has run back into the park after it has closed, and you, being a good mother, run after him. From there, it all goes to worse. The goal of the game, as you are told, is to find your son, Callum.You will soon find out though that there is way more to it than that. The game forces you to not only explore the past of the suddenly not so happy and fun amusement park, but also Lorraines past and her relationship with her son, Callum. „Find your son“ quickly turns into „find out what happened“.The game delivers it's story to you via clever monologue of Lorraine while you steer her through the park and let her ride the various rides and attractions. The narrative just adds to the creepy and weird atmosphere at the park, and while seeming spooky, but not scary in the beginning, as you progress, more and more jumpscares are woven into the gameplay as the narration takes dark and twisty turns. The lore of the game, especially the location being the Atlantic Island Park, is a nod to Funcoms popular MMORPG „The Secret World“, the park being a location there and some characters from the MMORPG appearing in „The Park“ as well. Furthermore, the game has one or two missable side-stories tied in, and delivers some background through notes and letters scattered throughout the park. The gameplay is described pretty easy: You walk and interact with things in the park. There are just two buttons outside of your movement, one to interact with highlighted objects, one to shout for Callum. Everything that happens at the park has an effect on Lorraine, not only through her voice in the narrative and how she yells after her son, but through visual and aubile effects on screen, the vision becoming blurry and your heart rate becoming louder as Lorraine gets scared.What makes this game greatThe story is on point with this game. If you love games with a good narrative, you will absolutely dig „The Park“. The atmosphere is beautiful, the imagery, even though simply designed, can let you stop in your tracks and just wonder, if you really want to go there. Lorraines monologues are perfectly tied in to your exploration of the park and herself, triggered as you walk over certain points in the map. The haunting scenery makes for an adventure, and while linear, it forces you to reflect on some things you've heard or seen.  For what „The Park“ wants to deliver, it does so with ease and to a certain point even perfect. Players who already enjoyed „The Secret World“ will have a bonus coming into this game, not only because of the already known locations and characters, but because it is just pure amazement, what funcom did with the seemingly small venue like Atlantic Island Park and also with the extension of the story already teasered in „The Secret World“.What makes this game badThere are a couple things that could act as a road block. Casual players may find many aspects of the game unenjoyable. The lack of literally any gameplay other than walking through the park and exploring it's locations makes for a dull experience for people who want to kill and shoot things. Although being a horror game with minimal survival aspects – heart rate, blurred vision, smaller view – you will never truely feel threatened or fear for your survival. Everything is just atmosphere, and there is no killer stalking you or moments where you have to take immediate action to save yourself. Some may find that a lackluster experience. For it's price, the game also does not offer a very long experience, even with full exploration and all secrets the game just takes 2 hours to complete – and with very little arguments for replayability, that is of course not very much.Personal opinion and recommendationFor me, The Park was a fun experience and a good investment. I've played The Secret World, i'm a sucker for lore and story and i love the setting, so the game just strikes 10 with me. Even without former knowledge, you can enjoy The Park if you are into story driven experiences and if you really have the time to enjoy this game. What i mean by that is: Don't try to rush through the story. Don't try to play this game in an achievement hunt. If you don't give the narrative and the atmosphere a chance to grasp you, The Park won't be a good experience for you. Don't make the mistake of buying this game and expect something like Outlast or Amnesia, because The Park doesn't even want to be that type of game. Buy it expecting a movie, that focuses on introspective, creepy scenery and an increasingly disturbing tale of personal shortcomings, and you will have your fun with this game. I am biased towards The Park because of The Secret World and Funcom in general, so it has proven to be a good buy, even though i recommend waiting on a sale or holiday special to pick it up at a discount. Anyway: Give it a try if you're into it. It will give you little, but with that, won't disappoint you."
,Recommended,402020,29867302,Posted: 12 February,all,Rasp D Bugbear,"This actually a well put together walk sim. Its intersting, has small points bit and peices. It does tie directly into The Secert World but not knowing the TSW tie ins won't take away from the overall experence.  But for the me the appeal is the slow deliberate reveals.  The jump scares are spaced sensibly and don't feel forced. That said this is not for folks that don't like gradual reveals."
,Recommended,402020,31387074,Posted: 26 April,all,FM R IZ,Okay I liked it creepy messed up andd short lived.  It let me down I wanted to play on andd on not sure how much i paid for it or sure it was worth the price but very shortvery creepy the long notes are annoying thee rides the Swan boat was awesome!!!!
76561198075594850,Recommended,402020,30420184,Posted: 9 March,all,Business Fish,Only Worth getting on saleThough I did enjoy itEdit: Full review here -http://puu.sh/tfZNs
,Recommended,402020,18851800,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,LostArchive,game is not bad.but very shout story.
