user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,402130,30951378,Posted: 4 April,all,[C3] Gamer Alex (AlexKVideos1),"FlatOut 4: Total Insanity In-Depth ReviewBack Story2008: Bugbear released FlatOut: Ultimate Carnage for PC. It was a remastered verison of FlatOut 2, with some new modes, different soundtrack, and new cars. Bugbear just unknowning released their last FlatOut game.2009: The publisher, Empire Interactive, filed for backrupty, and shutdown. Bugbear lost the Flatout IP, where it then went to another publisher, Strategy First. This publisher hired Team 6 to work on a new FlatOut game.2011: Team 6 released Flatout 3: Chaos & Destruction for PC. The game was recieved horribly, with bad AI, bad physics, horrible optimization, lacklust map design, boring gamemodes, and awful car damage. The game was nothing like the original FlatOut games, and became one of the worst games on Steam.2014: Bugbear released an early access game called Next Car Game (Now known as Wreckfest) to Steam. They said they wanted to go ""back to their roots"" with a ""core FlatOut racing experience"" and a ""tactical damage system"" inspired from the Destruction Derby games. Instead of being the fun game they hoped, it turned into a simulator years later. This means that any ""roots"" they wanted from FlatOut were gone. Fans lost hope that there would ever be a new FlatPOut game.2015: A new game called FlatOut 4: Total Insanity was announced, being made by two new developers, Kylotonn Entertainment and Tiny Rebel Games.2016: Bugbear released another early access game called Stuntfest. This game is based off the stunt ragdoll stunt mode in FlatOut. Instead of making the comsumers happy, it made them mad since they thought the stunt mode was going to be included in Wreckfest.Now it's 2017. FlatOut 4: Total Instanity released for PC. Does it live up to it's predecessors?Game ReviewFlatOut 4 isn't the Bugbear style FlatOut we wanted, but I will say that the game is okay, but not amazing. It has issues that hold back it's potential at restarting the FlatOut series.Optimization & PC SettingsI was a bit disappointed at the lack of settings for graphical changes. I have everything on the highest setting, and the game looks good, but lack luster in some departments. Pop in of props, and shadows are very noticeable. Textures, and particle effects look amazing, although the sparks are too bright, and overexagerated. Some of the images, like with loading screens, are a bit blurry, and pixelated. The game can run over 60 fps, usually with my higher end system I was getting over 120+. The optimization could be better, as like I said before, the pop in is bad, so I wonder if they did that intentionally to make game run better, without actually optimizating it properly.Optimization & PC Settings: 7/10HUD & UIThe menus look great, much like Bugbear's menus, but they are too cluttered with items that can confuse the player.HUD & UI: 9/10Controls(I only used a controller) The handling is arcady. It's an improvement over the horrible unsteer seen in FlatOut Ultimate Carnage. Using the e-brake is also much more improved, but you can still spin out.Controls: (For controllers) 9/10CameraWhat an awful camera. It sticks too close to the car, violatly jerks around when spinning the camera, jumping of a ramp, or getting hit by a player. Boosting is even worst, as the camera shakes so erratically my eyes started to hurt.Camera: 0/10GamemodesThe gamemodes are very interesting and fun. The races are filled with destruction. Career can be  grindy at times. The demolition derbies are totally different, as they aren't realistic as previous titles, but still as fun. The new assault mode uses powerups to slow down, and wreck the enemies. It's like Mario cart on steriods, it is crazily fun. The stunt arena is back, with new challenges, and previous challenges making a comeback, like the Rings of Fire. These gamemodes are fun, and will have great replayabilty.Gamemodes: 9/10VehiclesI was hoping for the return of cars from previous titles, but was disappointed to see nothing. However, the cars in the game are good, and have their own unique personality.Vehicles: 8/10CustomizationJust like FlatOut Ultimate Carnage, the customization is not very extensive, with limited color changes, and no really visual changes, other than the exhaust color. They do still have the useful upgrades with engines, chasis, wheels, etc.Customization: 5/10Vehicle DamageThe vehicle damage is very interesting. They deform way more than the other games, but in a very unrealistic way. Many times the bumpers don't fall off, and the doors clip through objects when opening. It just doesn't look right.Vehicle Damage: 6/10Track DesignThe tracks are full of props, scenery, and plants to destroy. The tracks aren't nothing special, but they set the mood for FlatOut 4 very nicely.Track Design: 8/10PropsLike I mentioned before, the props physics are improved, but I noticed that when a prop was stuck on my vehicle after a while, rather than flying off, it would simple disappear. Other times I drove right through them, without any hit detection.Props: 8/10PhysicsThe physics have been improved for props, but worse for cars. In FlatOut Ultimate Carnage, props would be your worst nightmare. Not only would they slow you down, they usually would flip your car, and spin you right around, messing up your race. Here, the props still have an impact on speed, but they usual don't flip, or spin the car. Now when it comes to vehicle physics, it's a different story. Coupled with the bad camera, may times the vehicles physics will screw up when hitting jumps, getting knocked over, and hitting other player vehicles. They don't feel natural, as the cars seem extremely heavy. In FlatOut Ultimate Carnage, the cars felt more appropriate when it came to weight, and the physics didn't freak out like they do in this game.Physics: 6.5/10CharactersOne of the big things with FlatOut Ultimate Carnages was the characters you raced against. They had a personality, some were more aggressive, others were more tactical. FlatOut 4's characters feel unspired, and empty. They don't feel different, and sometimes it can be hard to tell who drives what car. In FlatOut Ultimate Carnage, you knew who that b*tch was coming behind you to take you out.Characters: 1/10AIThe vehicle AI isn't the smartest. They tend to crash themselves. However, they can be aggressive. I have gotten spun out many times by drivers, and they love grinding with other cars. The AI is easier than FlatOut Ultimate Carnage, but they can still put up a fight.AI: 8/10RagdollsCompared to FlatOut Ultimate Carnage, the ragdoll physics are horrible. They don't look natural at all, as they look very stiff, and can clip through objects easily.Radgolls: 3/10SoundThe sound design in this game is meh. Some cars sounds good, while others sound like vacuum cleaners full power. Also, you don't really hear the roar of the other cars in the game.Sound: 4/10SoundtrackThe soundtrack consists mostly of rock, heavy metal, punk rock, and rock 'n' roll. I personally don't find the soundtrack that interesting, as FlatOut 2 really nailed the soundtrack, while this game misses the mark in interesting, and enjoyable music. It doesn't set the mood very well, causing the music to feel out of place with the gameplay.Soundtrack: 5/10Online MultiplayerOnline Multiplayer: n/aFinal Score: 6/10AverageFlatOut 4: Total Insanity sticks to some of it's Bugbear roots, while creating new ones. I still recommend the previous titles, compared to FlatOut 4 (except for FlatOut 3) This game is okay, but I still recommend this game, as the game is still enoyable, even with it's flaws."
,Not Recommended,402130,30974969,Posted: 6 April,all,Party Magician,"I was excited for a prospect of an actually decent new Flatout, but ""decent"" the most you can describe it as.It's worse than Flatout 2 and Ultimate Carnage in just about every aspect. In most it's onlyslightlyworse, it's no Flatout 3, but ""better than Flatout 3"" is a hell of a low bar to clear. It feels like Flatout Lite – there is a sense that they tried to recreate the old ones, but it lacks their best and most fun aspects and moments.The driving is, put quite simply, not fun. The crashes lack any punch. I notice an opponent in front of me spin out and get sideways, nitro into him at full speed, and for that effort I'm rewarded with aplinkwhich the game is happy to tell me was a ""great slam"". It actually felt like my car slowed down before the impact, as if to avoid the collision like I was playing full-assist mode in a circuit racer.The cars basically have three control types. All Derbies are understeering bricks, all Classics are spin-happy nitro machines, all Ultimates (or whatever the third one is) are 6x6 offroaders. None of the classes have any variety in character.Speaking of character, the cast of 7 (FO2) / 11 (FOUC) fun and varied opponents with actually different AI parameters have been replaced with two facial models caked in various forms of makeup, who drive exactly the same. Did they honestly think we wouldn't notice? Not that FO2/UC's opponents were some kind of RPG-esque well-written characters (they had a car set, a paragraph of bio, a ""photo"", a color scheme and some AI parameters tweaked), but this game manages to avoid even that.The Assault mode, which is essentially the only addition to this compared to FOUC, feels like a better fit in a kart game and has been better done in several of them.The music, after FO2 which basically defined my tastes for next 5 years and FOUC which, while not as impactful, still added a few bands to my notice list, is uninspired and lame. Most of the songs are in the genre of what I'd only call ""whine rock"".Even the graphics, which you'd think would be the one area where it's stupidly easy to improve afternine yearsare worse. Not from the technical standpoint, they've got the fancy reflections and godrays and whatever from the latest set, but it looks straight up worse because the environments are grey, the cars look dull, and the details are low-effort.Worst of all, this game getsboring. The races quickly become a grind. The stunts are a snorefest. (Seriously, how do you make flinging yourself into a Beer Pong cup uninteresting?) The derby is a succession of lame-feeling hits and watching the health bar go down.Maybe, if it was the only game in its genre, I'd be okay with it, as it has occasional cool moments and is, at the very least, competently made (as opposed to Flatout 3). But seeing as Flatout Ultimate Carnage is right nearby on Steam andten times cheaper, there's just no point in buying this game."
,Not Recommended,402130,34246485,Posted: 14 August,all,Memorix101,"Well, I've mixed feelings about it. It looks like a FlatOut game, but it doesn't feel like one.The point is what FlatOut by Bugbear made so special was their physics engine. How it felt to race on a track, the car behavior when you crashed into something and the action loaded scenery. It was pure chaos and never felt boring.  It felt just satisfying to crash into something.This game missed all the points.The soundtrack is also a bit mixed, some tracks fit perfectly others seem to miss the setting.Also it has performance issues. There is stuttering sometimes without framedrops and no Antialiasing features."
,Not Recommended,402130,33431066,Posted: 10 July,all,Artaxeus,"Buyers beware, the game stutters! No update for months, no fix for stutters, devs have gone silent.If you are sensitive, and especially used to game on gaming monitors (120-144Hz), the game stutters no matter how you adjust your settings, stutters even if you have a constant 120 FPS.The game isn't Flatout 2 successor, it isn't groundbreaking, if you are hoping to get Flatout successor from this game then you'll be disappointed.It isn't bad as an arcade racing game to kill time, if you like old school arcade mayhem style games then you'll like this game.Buy only when it's on sale, updated, and most importantly the stuttering is fixed!"
,Not Recommended,402130,32824517,Posted: 26 June,all,[OOM] BryFei,"Flatout Ultimate Carnage is still the best of the series. If only they could make the series fun again.If you're looking for more of the races with bonus destruction, this is not for you. Everything you do is unsatisfying and neligble. Everything the other racers do are 10x stronger than what you're doing and this is just the first race of the game."
,Not Recommended,402130,31203467,Posted: 17 April,all,Willie989,"Its leaps and bounds better than 3. It really is. It's still very rough though.Positives:Decent amount of carsCars can be upgradednew stuntsunlockable rocket trails and hornsIt actually feels like FlatOut.Negatives:If you slam into an NPC, they take very little damage (even if you hit them at 200+), yet if they hit you, it takes BIG chunks out. Yes, there's a stat that effects damage dealt, but this was truck V car, and the car won.If you try to push an NPC, well... You're better off trying to push a steam roller with a tricycle. They're massively heavier in their punch buggy than you are in your pickup truck.The flipping is real. hit any item heavier than a fence, and you'll roll. Get hit by a car, and you roll. Hit a small bump in the terrain, and you'll roll. I'm resetting my car almost as much as I'm driving.There aren't enough courses for the number of career races. You'll do the same track across all 3 series many times over. It becomes a grindfest.The cash gain feels low. Unless you're spending the entire race mashing the crap out of the NPCs, you won't get much money at all.The reward screens are punishing. you have to stare at your reward for a good 3-4 seconds each before you can move on, and you tend to get 2-6 rewards per cup. That's up to 1/2 a minute of just staring at text mashing enter just waiting for a chance to play again per cup. Worst part about it: you're mashing enter. as soon as you collect the last reward, you suddenly get back to menus with zero delay. What that means for you: you launch yourself into another race before you even realize you collected the final reward. Now you have to sit through TWO loading screens just to get back to the garage, like you haven't been waiting long enough in the first place. Almost as aggrevating as the AI.Overall a good game, brought down by artificial difficulty due to the AIs' weight/durability advantages and odd physics. Still a great game to play with friends though; the online portion isn't nearly as painful as single player. It's deffinately a leap in the right direction for the FlatOut series."
,Recommended,402130,33837965,Posted: 27 July,all,batteries,"Game was a flop but it's a pretty fun time waster. Get it if it goes on sale, it isnt worth $40."
76561198032038745,Recommended,402130,30969873,Posted: 5 April,all,Orville Redenbacher,"TL:DR - I'm nit-picky, the game is alright, but probably not worth $40.Flatout 4.... it's not bad, but it's not great either.As someone who still plays Flatout 2 somewhat regularly, my biggest gripe with the fourth installment in the series is that it's just too arcadey. ""But it's an arcade racer! It's supposed to be!"" I know. Let me elaborate.Flatout 1 and 2 were by no means simulation racers or even simcade racers (think GRID). But at their core, they were still grounded in reality (save for the driver ejection mechanic). The races were simply races. The cars weren't crazy or silly and they all made sense within their class. Derby cars were mostly used/junked race class cars, and the street cars were mostly just normal sports cars. In FO4, you find yourself racing:- An icecream truck- A modern sports car- A 50's sedanamong others, all within the Derby class. Sure they're junkers, but the wildly varying styles racing together leaves a bad taste in my mouth.Adding to FO4's silliness is the customizable nitro trail including confetti, bubbles, and money. This is completely optional but it feels more at home in Rocket League than Flatout. Additionally, FO4 features a car combat game mode that involves magically shooting oversized projectiles at other racers. Fun, but not really what I've come to expect from Flatout.However, the game is gorgeous. The driving mechanics are really solid (the crashes feel a little lame this time around though). And I really like the environment/track design.I wanted Flatout, but got the love child of Dirt: Showdown and Mario Kart."
,Recommended,402130,30952396,Posted: 4 April,all,PsychicParrot,"Great fun! I'm hooked! Out and out arcade racing at full speed. Awesome music, lovely graphics.. it's a return to form for Flatout.They nailed the vibe just right with this one, too.. the graphics, the UI and the licenced music (not generic electronica) really take it back to the atmosphere Flatout got right in the first place.When you're flying along at 100mph down a narrow country track, it feels awesome even if the physics aren't quite as good as Bugbears. The physics in Fla4out are not as realistic as the first two games and there are some glitches with the suspension going over tracks and such in this one, but for arcade fun these do really well and for the most part they're really fun driving. I'm not totally convinced they work very well in the derby modes, but hey there's so much to do in this game I don't mind having a few 'meh' bits in with the good.If you went away after Flatout 3, it's OK.. you can come back now :)"
,Not Recommended,402130,33127963,Posted: 2 July,all,Mr.Drainy,"I'm on the edge if this should be a negative or postive review, this game is so mediocre you'll wonder if its worth continuing. (I'm trying to get through it but its got some real down falls that make me not want to play it)I've been a big fan of the FlatOut series since the first game released on the original xbox, I remember playing the demo over and over then a friend showed me the version on psp and I was impressed (FlatOut: HeadOn) I then found that there were PC versions to this series that I so much loved (I still like it but I think after this there ain't gonna be another good FlatOut, this game kinda killed it for me) FlatOut 2 is my favourite out of the whole series because the game was well balanced all around.[Old School But Not]This game tries so hard to bring back the old school FlatOut vibes by bringing back old things like purchasing cars and upgrading them, which is all fine and dandy but you have to do it right and by right I mean balancing the cost of upgrades, its shocking how much things cost and how small of an improvement it makes to your car, oh and good luck buying multiple cars its stupid how expensive they're considering you have to upgrade them as well to stand a chance.Remember the cool guys and gals you'd verse in the older games ? well they decided here to make them the most blandest ugly most uninspired characters you'll see, its like 3 or 4 stock characters but with abit of facepaint or a hat. Go to the garage and you get to see your ugly character its greaaattt.Customise your car with 5 crappy paintjobs or change your horn to the most annoying long♥♥♥♥♥horn (there's about 10 or so horns, they're pretty meh) or what about changing the effect coming from your exhaust, eh it's alright. Customising is barely any where to be scene.[AI]The AI in this game is rough and sometimes a little unfair (they can also be really braindead but most of the time they're fine) they have the ""Catch Up"" perk which allows them to catch up to whenever they want, what's that ? you upgraded your car to getaway from these guys, nooooo we wouldn't allow your things to be worth something. What about the bumping in this game ? its bad, half the time you ram/slam into an AI your the one doing damage to yourself like getting spun out or not even budging them because they're gods.[Sounds/Soundtrack]The sounds are crisp in this game, engines are good to hear, the skidding around corners, the boost etc. Okay I enjoy the soundtrack but there's only 22, honestly not enough you'll hear the same song multiple times (the main menu loves to make you listen to 1 song its rather annoying) they barely mixed up the genres of music by only sticking to rock/metal, the thing that gets me is that half the songs are from the same friggin 2 or 3 bands because they couldn't get many or any bands to allow them to use there songs.[Driving/Physics]Honestly enjoy the driving ""when it works"" you'll be driving then all of a sudden your car just shoots up or flips over randomly even though its just a flat road/dirt/mud track it sucks when your winning a race and lose it to random chance. Turning is okay but the acceleration in this game is horrid the AI shoot off after corners while your stuck there accelerating having to catch up again because AI don't have any balancing at all.[Camera]There's a couple of camera's and they all suck considering how zoomed in they're. Going up a ramp sucks because the camera doesn't know what to do exactly or if some car jumps/lands on you the camera goes nuts and you won't be able to see a single thing, overall camera angles/fov in this game sucks.[OVERALL]+ Graphics+ Sounds- Camera- Soundtrack- Customising- Characters- Unbalanced Money- AI<<5/10>>This game barely scrapes by as a FlatOut game, buy on sale but this game is really mediocre at best, your better off buying the older FlatOuts like 2, Ultimate Carnage. I got this for $11.99NZD and the ""FlatOut Complete Pack"" with the old games in it is $9.59NZD so yeah it'd be more worth your money to buy the originals (I could go more into detail but I don't think it'd be worth my time)"
,Not Recommended,402130,31875858,Posted: 20 May,all,PISSED DAD,"""•	Steam Workshop coming 30 days post launch"" It has now been well over a month prior to release and we still do not have some features. Not only that but the game itself is very broken. Developers need to stop doing this."
,Recommended,402130,31178981,Posted: 16 April,all,.:SagnolTheGangster:.,"Its fun and makes you keep playing but it can't be compared with Flatout 2 and Ultimate Carnage...It needs better physics,more cars,tracks and better OST... But if you compare it to Flatout 3 its a lot better.Let's hope Bugbear sometime will make a proper FO game in the future.."
,Recommended,402130,34272492,Posted: 16 August,all,Fineas,"I have been waiting out for this game, because it had received (when looking at the Steam reviews) a bunch of backlash ranging from inept game mechanics, poor optimisation and bugs.Now yesterday we wanted to play Flat Out 2, our number 1 party game on the lan party we are at and found the current networking setup do not support the features needed for lan play and because Game Spy is dead for a long time, there is no way here for us to play it.I was pleasantly surprised to see Flat Out 4 (or Fl4t Out as they try to brand it) costs only a ~11 euro. So I dived in, and was pleasantly surprised.Personally I do NOT bare a deep rooted hatred toward the other Flat Out games that “are not from Bugbear”, I simply did not like them. I was hoping to find some more variation by adding those games to my scope of racing party games, but they just felt lacking.THIS GAME. On this machine has everything I enjoy about a race game and darn well delivers on what I need from a party game (install, join and have fun).  Graphics look nice and smooth, run at +100 fps on my Ryzen 7, 1700X and MSI GTX 1070. I perceive no annoying stuttering and although things in the distance do not look as nice as near, I think it just looks just as good as or even better then Dirt 3 (which I will use as my drop-in-drop-out race game at the moment).Cars physics keep the cars on the road, steering feels direct, surfaces have a direct impact on car handling, but never it feel so slippery that I totally lose control. Which what I expect from an arcade racer. Smashing through things feels satisfying and keeps me finding a balance between the slowdowns caused by some destructible and nitro they yield or just going flat out (literally full throttle to the finish ignoring most or all obstacles).Soundtrack is descent, it’s the kind of punk bands you would expect in this time of game and are nice. My only grippe is that the same song starts after finishing every race when returning back to the menu.However THE MAIN SELLING POINT for me, is if it can satisfy the fun factor. Simply, is this game fun?Absolutely a full mouthed YES. We only played for 2 hours with some race and derby games and have been laughing and smiling teeth to teeth constantly. The ice cream truck specifically has literally burned its impression on us as the new sound of death. The ramping of a jet engine combined with the tune of the horn (playing a jolly ‘everybody sings this song’), closely followed by a power hit, an explosion, lots of smoke and wondering just what the hell happened. As they guy next to you continues their ice glazed path of destruction. We recorded the tune to induce PTSD among each other, by playing it on our phones when we walk by :-)Yes, YES, YES this is A, maybe not THE, but A worthy successor to one of our most favourite party games. It is different and not without some scrutiny. But overall, this game is worth at least twice its 11 euro price tag it has now. For it to be worth they full ~40 euro. I would expect: more crazy stunt levels, a bunch more colours for all the cars and in time a DLC for more tracks.A word for the developers: I feel sorry the community has burned your game to the ground. Because for us, this game a whole lot of fun and well worth our time and money.Take care, game on."
,Not Recommended,402130,30988529,Posted: 6 April,all,UsagiSensei,"This is absolutely NOT a FlatOut game.not a single thing about this game tells me its a FlatOut game. it is a fun game, but it IS NOT FLATOUTthe only thing that pisses me off about this game other than the lies about featuring assets from previous FlatOut games, is the horrible horrible character designs. if i wanted some ♥♥♥♥ ugly gmod avatar staring slightly to the left of me while i raced, id go play gmod. the character art was a special thing for me in the previous game, it gave the character personality. now ive got some army dude and a bunch of punk clowns with birth defects watching me while i drive.... theres not much customization at all other than stat based and preset car skins, nitro effects, and a horn (which is more than previous FlatOuts, but not worth using the word ""customizable"")not to mention, i bought the game right now rather than later because i saw i could get all the music for free.... it is NOT FlatOut style music. im not saying its bad, but not as good as FlatOut.so, i have no idea what people mean by this is a ""copy and paste of old FlatOut games"" because nothing here is from FlatOut.THAT SAID HERES A DISCLAIMER: i have, played, and still play the FlatOut titles by the original developer, Bugbear. Team6 threw away the FlatOut name, their games sucked. So if everything i said is false because theyre all assets from Team6's idea of FlatOut, then im very very sorry.... thats a sad sad story. which brings me back to ""This is NOT FlatOut"" because Team6 ate dirt.now i got that part out, the good part: its a decent game. ... ......... .............. thats all. yeah. ive enjoyed this half hour and will probably still be playing for a while. i like racing games, i like its style. just annoyed that its using the FlatOut brand without any connection to FlatOut at all.This reminds me of that NinjaTheory did to DMC. They didnt make a bad game, but they used an already successful name to make something else.Note to aspiring developers that want to make games in a series that already exists: STICK TO THE ♥♥♥♥ING FORMULA quit this whole ""make something new"" ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. rather than tarnishing the name, make something that can stand with its predecessors.Edit: after playing a bit... ♥♥♥♥ off. think im passed my point of refund. whatever. cleared derby with all golds and still not all derby cars unlocked, turns out you need to play flatout mode to unlock all cars aaand.... carnage is ♥♥♥♥ OFF especially with the car. coolest looking car = worst ♥♥♥♥ing handling. oh, the difficulty is also ramped by like 10 times. so all those cars i never got to know during campaign, found my ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ real fast. yeah, i rage quit it. this is the 2nd company to fail at making a flatout game."
76561198049265644,Recommended,402130,31263812,Posted: 20 April,all,Kokolores,"It's overall a good racing game but It needs better physics , more and better tracks."
,Recommended,402130,34095685,Posted: 7 August,all,Uncle Jesse,"This game is a great B game.  If you can get it for 15-25 dollars -hell yeah- get it.  That is exactly what its worth. Sometimes the cars handle like trash and there is a lack of instruction.  If you can ignore the games short comings, it will be 15-25 bucks well spent.  Throw it on your wishlist, but please, do not spend 40 bucks on this.  Dont talk yourself in to paying 30 for it. The company must have fractured their arms, jerking themselves off, sufficating on their own farts, telling themselves storys that this game has a 40 dollar value.The game is a bit sloppy.There will be bugs."
,Recommended,402130,34377543,Posted: 20 August,all,CoolTanGuy,"Great release for the franchise since FlatOut: 3 destroyed the name. Crazy, fast, over-the-top, everything you come to expect packed with a punch! 8/10"
,Recommended,402130,30951752,Posted: 4 April,all,☭ SovietSexMachine ☭,"If you loved the orignal flatout games, then this is the game for you. It is a really well made game, and it fits well into the flatout formula. Feels like the old ones, but with udpated graphics. Very pleasant experience."
76561198139533370,Recommended,402130,34426297,Posted: 22 August,all,Marcus Bahena,"Outstanding!This game got back the real essence of a FlatOut game!The game is fun, plus stunning graphics and smooth play!But ATENTION! This is not a racing simulating game as Project Cars or Dirt Rally...So do not wait to find realistic game play for this Fl4tOut, if is it that u want, go for titles like that ones...This new FlatOut gives me the mix of sensations...The game is polished... fast, and fun...Gives the feeling like playing games like Top Gear Overdrive and also stages that remember Star Wars Racing...My computer run the game smooth on 1080p, 60fps...AMD A10 7870k in Dual graphics mode with R7 250.So! Enjoy the game, have fun!And let's go to populate the online races!"
76561197973165346,Not Recommended,402130,34243314,Posted: 14 August,all,shp,"This game is a console port!No mouse in menu.The pop-in is really bad.Stutters like crazy, makes it unplayable.Car collision physics make no sense, wich is bad for this kind of game. Also the camera spazzes out occasionally when you crash into somebody else.Driving seems way too easy after you upgrade the tyres, there is no need to let go of the accelerator.Since nobody actually plays this game there is no way to test the multiplayer."
76561198033927421,Recommended,402130,34435555,Posted: 23 August,all,masterfitter26,please could you release an update for the logitech g27 wheel so i can play the game please as i only have one arm and cant use the controlercheers
,Not Recommended,402130,31091549,Posted: 11 April,all,AUD,"It's a great return for Flatout series.Pros:- Great graphic- Mainmenu design- Many gamemode- Interesting stunt tracksCons:- Awkward camera and car control- Derby arena not fun as previous franchise- Character design- Repetitive soundtrack in mainmenu (so ♥♥♥♥ing annoying I always press n to change song)- Bad physic!Overall it's an okay game but unfortunately it's not as good as Flatout 2 and Flatout Ultimate Carnage.Final score : 5/10 ""Flatout 4 Total Crap Physic"""
,Not Recommended,402130,34253002,Posted: 15 August,all,P!EW00T,Generally I don't write reviews but I couldn't control myself to write something on this one.Just Wanna say-DON'T BUY THAT PIECE OF SH*T !! DON'T WASTE YOUR MONEY !!I'm a big fan of Flatout series.So I thought flatout 4 will be more impressive.But I was wrong.Such a poor optimized game.You can't even use mouse on main menu.Weird Reflection.And this game got sh*tty controlling system.Refunding this right now !!
76561198016113644,Recommended,402130,31297298,Posted: 22 April,all,gf,"I'm a huge fan of the previous FlatOut versions (except #3, which I never bought or played after reading only bad things about it). I'm now getting a warm, fuzzy FlatOut feeling whilst playing this 4:TH and latest installment. Once again great ball breaking driving combined with an awesome fitting soundtrack (I opted for the 3 additional DLC soundtracks). Good tracks, stunts and tricks.After now playing some 15 hours I've come to hate how you can't sell your current vehicles for cash  and use money for other purchases, This is totally unlike how all other FlatOut versions work. For instance I'm now driving in Classic mode and stuck with a Jeep that handles worse than any other vehicle I've ever experienced and can't sell this POS and get cash to buy another car. It takes too long to earn the 30 000 I now need to buy a more suitable vehicle in this class."
,Not Recommended,402130,31422720,Posted: 28 April,all,Quarter,"It's...okay?I mean, I enjoyed what I played, but honestly this game has tons of problems and I have massive doubt that they will even attempt to fix any of them.  I can't really recommend this game right now.  Unless the problems are fixed (mainly the whacked out physics), then I'd avoid this game if I were you.  Or just wait for a huge steam sale if you are /that/ morbidly curious."
,Not Recommended,402130,31006659,Posted: 7 April,all,ᐛ ＜ Woh  ),"Keyboard steering control is too slow, and feels very unresponsive compared to Flatout 2.Logitech G27 Racing wheel not supported."
,Not Recommended,402130,31043419,Posted: 9 April,all,Fr0st_P1xel,"My thoughts about this one are mixed but more towards the negative side. I would say that play ultimate carnage or wait for some other game like this. Flatout has lost its cool it seems like. The game feels...really empty to me, the characters (i know its a racing game but still) are just there. They don't feel like people, just a bunch of random clowns and army people.4/10"
76561197969771202,Recommended,402130,30947906,Posted: 4 April,all,Strontium Dog,"FlatOut is back!Well, actually FlatOut 2 is back, and on steroids, too! After the atrocious FlatOut 3 (which may have put off a lot of people) I can happily state that FlatOut 4 is everything the FlatOut 2 fan can whish for, and all that with modern graphics and physics. If you are a fan of rough and fast arcade crash racing, you will find no better. Get it!"
76561197999782420,Recommended,402130,31096423,Posted: 12 April,all,MordaRazgrom,"I picked this game up on a whim and have been pleasantly surprised at just how much fun I have been having with it.  I highly recommend this game, as it is fun.Originally, my intent was to get some driving games to use my shiny new racing wheel and pedal accessory.  The steering wheel works well-enough in this game, but a controller is, honestly, a better fit, withthe exception that I still prefer to use my racing wheel and pedals on Time Trials.I have never played any other Flatout titles, so I cannot compare, but I am not biased either.I have come to view this game as a more realistic and more grown-up version of a certain Kart game that involves plumbers, anthropomorphic turtles, and gluttonous dinosaurs.You race in your car through various tracks, complete cups, unlock further cups and higher difficulty levels, and there is even a mode that gives you various offensive tools you can use against your opponents, which I thoroughly enjoy.The other racers are all distinct, and, after playing and racing against them a while, I have noticed that they have certain tendencies, which is pretty cool.  Some of them are focused on speed and being in front, and will usually compete with you heavily on the Fastest Lap Time, others are aggressive bulldozers and will do their best to knock you silly.  Some are insanely reckless, you will see them stomping their Nitro hard and then will, invariably, see them spinning through the air in a spectacular crash, while some are much more careful and you can actually learn from them by following them and seeing how they handle the trickier parts of the track.The tracks are also fantastic!  There is not a hige number of them, but you will race them forward and backward.  While that may seem insignificant, it does make a great difference and will absolutely make it a completely new track for you.  Each track has varied paths throught it, some are the shortest, some are the least cluttered, and you must be quick to decide whether you want to take a shortcut and gamble on your driving abilities, or go to a path apart from other racers to build up some momentum.The physics really impress me.  The crashes feel meaty and if you mess up and slam into the wall you will definitely feel it.  Hitting other cars is also satisfying, especially if it is the jerk that has constantly slammed into you on a previous run and caused you to go from first to tenth due to a spin out or slamming into the wall.  The different conditions require adjustment too, driving through mud on a rainy day is vastly different than driving it without the rain, which is where the different vehicles come into play.There are quite a few vehicles to buy and upgrade in career mode.  You can have volkswagen beetle like buggies, pickup trucks, caddilacs, jeeps and others.  Each one has its own strengths and weaknesses.  The pickup truck is very good at taking punishment, has a decent top speed and is generally rather stable, however it is slow on acceleration and its inertia may work against you from time to time as you slam headfirst into a pile of rocks.  The Jeep is my nemesis, I appreciate that is it a very fast, stable, and overall great car, but it is tiny and overturns at a stiff breeze, it is definitely a car for a much more skilled driver than I.There are many different game modes, from career, which will have you race, do destruction derby, and time trials, to Flatout Mode which assigns you a car and gives you a specific ruleset.  Either do a stunt, such as flinging your driver out the windshield into a baseball bat, or drive fast to try to prolong the inevitability of exploding, or Carnage mode which is a ""race"" technically, but you are gauged on how much chaos you cause to scenery and other drivers, with your position in the race serving only as a multiplier to your points.  Destroying a fence when first will get you many more points than when twelfth.Overall, this game is amazing, I wish more was done by marketing to get the word out, because this game is incredibly fun.p.S.  I cannot comment on multiplayer as I do not have much interest in it myself, but the prospect is an intriguing one and I will definitely give it a whirl one day.UPDATE:  i have recently switched over to playing the game exclusively with steering wheel and pedals, and the experience is even better now.  I can confirm that this game works very well with a racing wheel and pedals."
,Recommended,402130,31193395,Posted: 16 April,all,[KAZE]A Most Unwelcome Surprise,"I'll get to the point.  Recommended?  Yes.  But that comes with some caveats.  See below:Good:- Its a return to Flatout 2 & Ultimate Carnage.  Its quick, and its fun to play.- Some of the new stunts are fun, once you unlock them :| (flatout mode below)- Graphics are well done, as is the sound.- The addition of track modes: assault (gain powerups and nitro from ramming others) & carnage (as much scenery as possible) add a different spice to races.- Steam workshop support will soon be active, theoretically meaning an increase in community generated tracks/vehicles(?) after release.Not So Good:- The career mode is a grind.- Flatout mode is also a grind- A greater range of tracks would have been nice.- There appears to be an absence of a ""tournament"" mode to play multiple stunts/tracks together in one go.- No stunts initially in online MP.- Derby matches (apart from CTF) are a mixed bag.- The music is a bit cheesy in parts, but thats probably to be expected.Conclusion:I've dropped some time into it, and its proving entertaining.  Is it worth the US$40?  Its a judgement call.  For people who have been missing a Flatout fix its worth it.  Alternatively, wait for a sale :)"
76561198045575526,Recommended,402130,30966505,Posted: 5 April,all,kasim-c,"How you can see i only played the game for 20minutes. But there are a few things i can say about this game right now.1. All in all it LOOKS like a good game.- Menu is good- driving physics is good- many gamemodes2. BUT the game has totally failed at giving feedback to crashes, nitro etc.- when you use nitro, the screen just totally freaks out and vibrates (i set vibration to zero), so u cant really control where u are driving at or, more important u cant really crash someone.- when u crash someone (which we all really want and love because of FO 2) it just vibrates and nothing else really happens. No crash sound, no chipping carpartikels, no healthbar which decreases in a satisfying way. (all these things made FlatOut 2 so great). (It was these absolutly satisfying crash feedback u got when u crashed something in FO 2)else:. Games these days try to impress with their great graphics and stuff. But i thing a simple graphics would be much better. What i mean is, i just think everything looks awefull. Just Open FlatOut 4 and then FlatOut 2. FO 2 just looks soo much nicer.So when they would change these things, it would be a great game."
76561197994374867,Recommended,402130,30963341,Posted: 5 April,all,Inflames47,"The Friends I have made over the last ten years and beyond always enjoyed our Friday Night Stunts in both the orginal Flatout and Flatout Carnage series. I can tell you that we all waited in anticipation for this game to release with the hopes of  having stunts of old and new. I am not disappointed. I can see us having another great 10yrs of fun in this game not only in the stunts but also the racing. Bang up job and highly recommend purchasing this game, it will not disappoint, but remember to bring a few friends along and compete with them in both the racing and stunt features."
,Recommended,402130,31021919,Posted: 8 April,all,Hjelmern [1.KP],"While it may merely be a nostalgic throwback for those that have fond memories of predecessors of the series and personallly your typical arcadey desctrution derby game from the PS2-era, it certainly knows what it is and does a generally god job of it.It is a bit stupid in some ways, but surely entertaining at the same time. It has a pretty good and certainly appropriate licensed soundtrack that you are likely to expect from this kind of game. A set of decent looking tracks, with plenty of different routes and stuff to break along the way and most of them offer a good variety of game modes; from simple races to destruction derbys and stunt events of different kinds. The characters that make out your oppostion are certainly related to the previously mentioned PS2-style driving games as well.The career mode makes for some enticing progression on various maps with most of the modes included. The AI leaves something to be wished for in places, but does a decent enough job for the most part.The price may be a bit high for what is an essential remake with slightly more content, but it is likely woth getting if you have some nostalgic feel for these kind of games."
,Recommended,402130,30952809,Posted: 4 April,all,DarkMavrik,"So I heard nothing about this games release just saw it in the new release section. Its everything the old ones where. Lots of fun and destruction. Definatly worth the buy. The only drawback is that it is windows only, no linux support."
76561198051245495,Recommended,402130,30953504,Posted: 4 April,all,Sam Winchester,"Don't worry, this isn't FlatOut 3 ;)Joking aside this game is fairly solid. Feels much more like FO2."
76561197998224213,Recommended,402130,30968686,Posted: 5 April,all,THC_JOHN,After Flatout 2 what i played so so mutch.. i waited 8 years for this one !Love to see the comback !The game is exactly what i expected.. flatout 2 in a new jacket..!Great fast gameplay !  Nice stunt tracks.. the best stunt tracks are still there.. and some fun like golf and billiards are added.. Nice Career and some Flatout style racing & Derby..! Just like the old days.. Good work !Hope they will add some more fun in future it can only get better.. Lovin it..
,Recommended,402130,34315660,Posted: 17 August,all,skpManiac,"Good fun game, especially when bought on offer (I paid about £8)Nice graphics, but not the best but the price tag says that too, they are good enough for the fun game this isThe local Multiplayer needs more work and lots more modes, there is no way to race each other which is stupid, and if you have 4 people and 4 controllers, all 4 controllers work at the same time, making it easy for someone else to mess up your go - this really needs fixing urgently.It's OK but could be much better with a bit of tweaking.Added 09/17Currently we are playing a lot of local Multi Player and the game is so buggy it spoils the fun - see my screenshots :(Given the bugs we are finding I would say think twice before buying it.If you try to beat the online scores, give up - the people who have so obviously cheated should be banned and deleted frpm the online play - this is another thing that need sorting out by the Dev's"
76561198077523203,Recommended,402130,34403375,Posted: 21 August,all,SubFiend,"Pretty underrated racing game. Got it for $10 and it was well worth it. Graphics are pretty decent, physics are alright overall but sometimes car physics are a little screwy. Definitely recommended on sale, maybe not worth full price though."
76561198102857437,Recommended,402130,31083844,Posted: 11 April,all,Laido_Riteris:D,This time FlatOut Is Back! for real :)  who played FlatOut 2 and you like it. buy FlatOut 4 and come play online :)
,Recommended,402130,31618314,Posted: 7 May,all,elusif,"This game has a lot of potential, no updates for over a month. Is this game a scam? Did you just steal my $40? Can you at least fix multiplayer so we can see other players' games? Not asking for miracles, just a game that somewhat functions. Get your♥♥♥♥♥♥together devs, before you kill your game in its infancy. 5/10 but has potential for 10/10. Short sighted devs looking for quick $$$ I suppose."
,Not Recommended,402130,32716059,Posted: 24 June,all,DRDeshotel,I find this game is not near as good as flatout ultimate carnage. Seemed to get a stutter but fps counter shows 60 steady.. vsync on off or even on 30fps cap just doesnt really render proper its odd. I didnt plaay it enough but there is no ai for online multiplayer and the party mode form UC is now local mp only. Graphics really arent that good either. They aren't horrible but not good. If you own flatout UC there is no point in buying this unless its cheap. It is way better than the pile of horse manure flatout 3 was though. It is better than some other racers but compared to gasguzzlers this is not even close and really it it doesn't beat out flatout UC so I have to give it a negative review... If they would add in the party mode games to online multiplayer I'd recommend it.
76561197968985825,Recommended,402130,31087500,Posted: 11 April,all,isaBadMutha,"Well as a big fan of flatout 2.. I must say when I saw the trailer I was excited, yet very aware this could be a giant let down..Lets start out with the cons.Car skins  (they either are extremely goofy or super super sporty.. think GTR and an icecream truck)Lack of advertisement for the game (Only happened to come across this on upcoming racer games online searches)if you get in an accident in the game on certain maps, if you fly off the track and into said building that looks like its inthe distance.. you fly through it and respawn. (not a big deal imo, but still something I've noticed)The impact of other cars as it is mightily satisifying still to T-bone somebody.. The collision sounds could be a bit better, as flatout 2 had it.Anyways, the Pros here1. Game runs flawless if you turn on V-sync (I believe it is a must, without it ran a lil choppy going from 200 fps (cap) to 150 in certain spots2. The maps are absolutely beautiful and extremely well done, you can see where their time has obviously gone.. and it does not fall on closed eyes.  Well done3. The maps have many MANY different routes when you compare them to flatout 2, which was one of my favorite aspects of that game.4. That insane nitrous feeling is amazing when you are blitzing thru these well-made maps.  It is a lot of fun5. It is full of good laughs with your friends which seems it will have countless hours written all over it.6. The cars sound absolutely amazing.. Granted some of them don't match, but what are you really going to make an icecream truck sound like, besides a ♥♥♥♥in monster of a beast. ;)Overall I think this game has been a good purchase so far and I hope people aren't blinded by their hatred for the past flatouts to overlook this one.  It is well done and hopefully these guys continue to update it!!You very well could be seeing the start of a new racing game through these guys."
,Recommended,402130,34859719,Posted: 10 September,all,Velied,Amazing 🙋🏼‍♂️
,Not Recommended,402130,31495543,Posted: 1 May,all,Jakob $artorius,"This game is alright, but it just doesn't feel like a FlatOut game.It's like... Taking FO:UC and slightly upgrading the graphics and ripping the humanity from every character in the game.It's like having the skin and skeleton of a human being, but that human being having no organs and a 'John Doe' tag on their toe. FlatOut 4: Total Insanity was a complete waste of opportunity. All they had to do was take FlatOut: Ultimate Carnage and essentially make an extension to the game (much like UC is an expansion to FlatOut 2). But they didn't do that, and it disappoints me. Because this game is just using the FlatOut name for more popularity and pretty much has no aspect that would remind a nostalgic player of any FlatOut game of their crashing excitement and good times, I'm going to have to click ""No"". I would not recommend this game. It's not the game I wanted to buy. If you enjoy Bugbear's games, buy FlatOut: Ultimate Carnage. I'll rate this game a 5/10."
76561198009234364,Recommended,402130,34348323,Posted: 19 August,all,hijackyl,"IGNORE all the bad reviews - this is a great game in it's own right, similar feel to motorstorm on PS3:-fun, fast, lots of boost/collisions, and arcadey physics-top quality graphics and runs smoothly even on my below spec gt640 at 30-60fps# was it worth $40? - maybe not (hence the backlash from crybabies with self-made unrealistic expectations)# is it worth $20-$30? - hell yes!!# is it worth less than $20 at release? - hell no!! (big budget games will stop being made at that bracket)# is it as good as previous Flatouts? - i never thought any of them were exceptional, FO4 is as good if not better but not ground-breaking in any way, & has much smoother steering than Flatout 1 ever had."
,Recommended,402130,31098923,Posted: 12 April,all,Burnerheinz,This Game is all in all Fun but not really a wothy sucsessor to the parts from Bugbear but that is to be expected as they made it rather special.The stunt events are however harder than usual as the physics are less tolerant to errors and the ragdolls tend to spaz in one event. (Longjump)A preference thing are the enemy drivers where as in the earlier they where more like people who want to participate in a Bangerrace here there is more of a Carmageddon aura with them.
76561198210363672,Recommended,402130,32750603,Posted: 24 June,all,If I fall behind ill ketchup,"its a good idea and i really loved flatout UC but this has less polish to it and feels a bit dead (keep in mind that i havent done a ton of the game so i am just going off of a few hours of gameplay) the upgrading leaves something to be desired and really makes the game feel simplistic because it goes very little into depth, it has some random races which to the game into a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ mairo cart for no apparent reason and makes your car stats go out the window as do the hopes of winning the race by pure skill and turns it into a RNG mayhem round, it still keeps the events mode in there (which i have yet to mess with) which looks very interesting and i will have to see what it brings to the table but it looks fun. apparently this game does not have wheel support. (another reviewer was ♥♥♥♥♥ing about that i honestly dont give a♥♥♥♥♥♥because it is a arcade racing game and not a simulator) also you can now flip your entire car on some random tiny rocks and screw up your race for not reason which is always fun (thats all i have to say i may come back and edit this review later in the future when i finish the main game)"
76561198056788669,Recommended,402130,30970710,Posted: 5 April,all,baconnice,"Flatout 4 is a much improved flatout game since flatout 3, the devs have gone back to the bugbear roots with similar gamestyle and gameplay, some more innovative ideas could be used to improve, but it's an overall enjoyable and good game."
76561198004311371,Recommended,402130,30970534,Posted: 5 April,all,GD119,"Turbo feel like "" Back to the future "" enought said...This game is just what the community wanted "" a good old FLATOUT ""Good job guys !!!"
,Recommended,402130,34256374,Posted: 15 August,all,ramyland_maelstrom,"FlatOut 4: Total InsanityBig fan of F:UC - i sure recommend this title at the price i bought - 75% off ( the fun aspect is still there ) / good optimization - one small discontent , i would have liked the car models to be more detailed - also the AI is more forgiving !"
76561198077594501,Recommended,402130,31210472,Posted: 17 April,all,Brass Lion,"Pretty enjoyable arcade racer. Controls feel responsive, graphics and performance are pretty good and all the classic game modes are there along with a few new ones. However, it could benefit from tighter physics and a bit more track variety. Also the characters aren't as fun/memorable as in previous games.Not as good as 2, but not as bad as 3. Overall I'd say it's a decent addition to the FlatOut series, and remains loyal to what made the first few games fun to play.Not bad for a new developer's first time at FlatOut. Definitely better than the stuff we've been getting from Bugbear recently."
76561197973585200,Recommended,402130,31160204,Posted: 15 April,all,Niff-Tea,"how excited i was to see another instalment of flatout being released, having enjoyed with much merriment  the first game 2nd game and of course flatout ultimate carnage, so i'm a veteran of the game and feel i can review this  version of the game from a qualified perspectivepros :-1,game runs smooth2,graphics look good3,same format as before (with only 1 new addition... see cons)4,fast and fun5, its flatoutcons:-1,cars look a little goofy2,tracks not as well defined as before , too much going on , too many ways to go3,the driver doesn't scream when he goes through the windshield as he does in previous versions4,music gets on your♥♥♥♥♥♥unless muted5, tracks take long time to load6,ASSAULT MODE, my main gripe is youre forced to do some assault mode races even in the cups, assault mode is crap,.... its flatout not mario cart !!!!7, fly off track miles cant press 'Y' to rejoin race until vehicle stops,8, not as good as flatout ultimate carnageoverall a nice addition to the flatout series which will you be able to pick up play when the mood suits you, although assault mode is dumb*NB assault mode will get on your nerves almost ruinning the gameps have a mentioned how awful and unnessecery assault mode is"
76561197986187331,Recommended,402130,31168584,Posted: 15 April,all,BILLY MAYS!,"FlatOut 4 is a fun enough game but not perfect by any means.  My main gripe about this game is how easy it is to spin out of control, infact you might as well call it SpinOut 4 because that my experience in almost every race.  Hit a jump, car hits ground and spins around, hit railroad tracks, car spins out, hit some random object in the road, spin out, it happens a lot.  Another frustrating thing is hitting AI cars sometimes.  I hit a car, they end up going sideways and bring me completely to a stop. They hit me I get dragged for several seconds and can't respawn until coming to a complete stop.Minus the complaints I do still have fun with the game, and it runs great on a GTX 1070 at 1440p, with no game crashes, just lots of car crashes."
,Not Recommended,402130,31403610,Posted: 27 April,all,Lain,saddly had no support for a G29 wheel
,Recommended,402130,33085668,Posted: 1 July,all,GailGilly,I think this is a really fun game to play when you are sitting lazy in your chair! especially with a controller! i think everyone should buy this game it's GREAT!
76561197995258852,Not Recommended,402130,31146085,Posted: 14 April,all,Daaaniel,not anywhere near as good as flatout 2- this game needs much more polishing before it will be enjoyable to play.
,Not Recommended,402130,34540221,Posted: 27 August,all,lacika[SK],"Waste of money.Buy older version of Flatout and save your money and enjoy more fon.This game have no optimalization at all.My PC meet the minimum requirements, but it is also unplayable."
76561198223710704,Not Recommended,402130,34263878,Posted: 15 August,all,MathEhMtLoko666,"the controls are terrible, it feels like I am driving a potato, the focus point of the game is the destruction and the colisions between cars, but they are terrible too, when someone hits your car, you completely get out of the road and you totally lose your position reaching the point of cause rage and with some more minutes of gameplay, the point of boredoom, never buy this."
,Not Recommended,402130,31205984,Posted: 17 April,all,Storm,"If you like slamming and pushing other drivers off the road, the new Flatout is probably not for you.It's overall a really OK racing game but unlike in previous titles (or, true Flatout titles which are all released prior to 3) the physics engine is really bad. You can still destroy street signs and what not but slamming other drivers feels really bad - there is just no force to it. When I hit someone's rear with 200kmh in Flatout 2 I could be certain they won't bother me again any time soon. In Flatout 4, however, when you hit someone's rear at 200kmh, their car slightly jumps and you see a few sparks - that's it. In the best case, they lose control over their car but nothing more. Maneuvers like that are REALLY dangerous as most of the time other drivers will just ""shrug you off"" and you will suddenly find yourself losing control of your own car while they just continue racing as if nothing happened. Same goes for trying to push other drivers off the road - it's like they are driving on rails.tl;dr: Flatout 4 is not that bad of a game but if you are that kind of person that likes to fully slam into an opponent that has just overtaken you, you won't have a good time with it."
,Not Recommended,402130,31129086,Posted: 13 April,all,Andy Razor,"not good. expect too much for this, but no"
,Not Recommended,402130,34283983,Posted: 16 August,all,Boomkop3,It kinda feels like a mario game. The car physics feel partially scripted rather than simulated
,Not Recommended,402130,34447823,Posted: 23 August,all,Jyneans™ #Nine,Waste of money.
,Recommended,402130,30978026,Posted: 6 April,all,HonourBound,"Fantastic, it's like Flatout 1/2/Ultimate Carnage all over again!Great SoundtrackGreat VisualsGreat DrivingGreat Aggressive drivingGreat Stunts"
76561198038180102,Recommended,402130,30987419,Posted: 6 April,all,Ponlets,"if you already have Flatout 2 UC and want this one dont get it as its not better ... if you dont have a flatout game and want to start .. get the older ones as this one just doesnt feel right when playing it ..pros:great graphicsnice tracksconsvehicle handling needs to be made betterthe physics could have been done alot better (cant tell you how many times i thought soething would break when it did not)the damage model system should be refined ( it may have some nice effects but if my car is nearly dead i expect it to smoke and also have poor suspention like in flatout 1)all in all if they tweaked a few things and made it so there was no delay in input ( for boost which is also the ""action button"" in stunts)  then it would be a better game .. also if they are going to make it so things break they have to make it so everything breaks save for the items in the boundry of the tracks because then it wont be off puttingwould reccomed only if they fixed the issues that are in the game"
76561198351878489,Not Recommended,402130,31386639,Posted: 26 April,all,imre,"I wish I could write a review, but when I start the game, the screen turn balck and the game does not even start... The only way out is to switch off the computer by the Power button...  Does this game actually work????"
,Not Recommended,402130,30963694,Posted: 5 April,all,siXtreme,"Extremly ♥♥♥♥♥♥ consol port, minimum requirements is a GTX 650, recommended requirements is a GTX 780. I use a GTX 980Ti and a Intel i7 6700k OC.  I have frames between 145 and 5. As soon as there are props like bushes or oder ""Npc cars"" the fps goes down to about 10. And that ever 30 seconds.  This all happenes at lowest graphic settings.I cannot say anything good about the games just because I can`t play it. The soundtrack sound pretty cool but thats all I can say about this ""consol ****""I know I can`t review a game after 20min of gameplay, but the problem is, I cannot judge the game itself because of the reasons told above."
76561198086487544,Not Recommended,402130,32047795,Posted: 29 May,all,g.wallace,"If you don't mind playing a driving game without wheel support, I would think it is a fun game.But in 2017, who releases a driging / racing game that does not have any wheel support."
76561198168199358,Recommended,402130,30952522,Posted: 4 April,all,Larryccci,"Fun for the hole family!  A total wreckfest - like your room, and your face, and mom.  Physics bores me like school, physics fun, smashy and ragdoll is best part.  DUH."
76561197971398822,Not Recommended,402130,31051794,Posted: 9 April,all,Αβκαnι☆Crεατυrε QC,Flatout: Ultimate Carnage the best !
76561197991875510,Not Recommended,402130,31426733,Posted: 28 April,all,Big Black Wolfman,refunded - to hard and boring!
,Not Recommended,402130,34744964,Posted: 4 September,all,Jalash,"If you like to play Flat Out 2 with friends keep playgin that one, this one is very poor."
76561198014140079,Recommended,402130,34538369,Posted: 27 August,all,yuragreat,"Not bad after all. More cars, tracks would be better. Optimisation also needs some work. But, game is still have fun, like a true Flatout."
76561198072063896,Not Recommended,402130,30974175,Posted: 5 April,all,BlueWindGTR,They never fix that 0% achievement.
