user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,402570,29316072,Posted: 17 January,all,SeenYou,"TLDR: Atlas Reactor is fast chess on drugs. 11/10 would recommend.I was never great at games that required great hand-eye coordination or quick mechanics. That's why I resorted to playing games that were more strategy oriented or turn-based. That's why I gave Atlas Reactor a shot and have loved it ever since.What do you do in game? Well, you've got 20 seconds to make your decision (with no RNG involved). Your decision involves:1) choosing a skill to use2) choosing a direction to attack/run3) choosing a square to move to4) predicting which enemy will stay/leave5) predicting the potential damage you're about to take6) ..the list goes on (unsurprisingly)Eventually, you would start planning and predicting moves further and further ahead as you'd be facing more skilled or experienced players. The feeling of euphoria when you outpredict and outplay your opponents is something that you have to experience. With the variety of Freelancers to choose from and the varying playstyles and proficiency of your teammates/opponents,every game of Atlas Reactor is different.Now that the game is going F2P (you can unlock Freelancers with in game currency), you should definitely give the game a couple of rounds. Maybe even join the Reddit and Discord community. We're always here to help :)-seenyou"
,Recommended,402570,25985155,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Drexl,"Atlas Reactor is a tactical turn-based hero battler with rapid simultaneous turn resolution. Many have called it the love child of X-Com and League of Legends. That's not an entirely unfair comparison, but it can also lead to some unrealistic expectations. Before evaluating the game I'd like to take a moment to address some of the confusion and negative comments. Skip the next section if you don't care or if it's TLDR for you.----Part of the problem is Steam, and the Steam community, labeling this game as Free to Play. It's not entirely accurate in the traditional sense. If you are expecting a F2P system like you might find in your typical F2P MOBA you aren't going to find it here. I think that's a good thing. I've long considered Riot's F2P model for LoL pretty fair, but I think Trion did it even better. I've never liked the F2P model, even the fair ones. Atlas Reactor should be viewed as a buy to play game, with an outrageously generous endless trial mode.Most of the criticism seems to be about not having access to every freelancer (hero) as a free player. I think what most people who make these comments fail to realize is that for $25-$30 (at time of writing) you gain access to everything... EVERYTHING. You would have to spend thousands of hours or many hundreds of USD to get the same in your typical F2P MOBA like League. The only limitation the game imposes for free players is a free hero rotation, and opening 1 loot box a day(ish). You still keep every reward you earn so if you ever decide to buy the game you might have hundreds of loot boxes you can open right away. I don't even feel the need to buy skins in this game which is absurd. Trion throws so many loot boxes at you it feels like stealing. It doesn't take long before you are swimming in free skins. Anyone who is fine buying Overwatch and earning loot boxes will be blown away with the generosity of Trion's loot box system (and cheaper game). But enough ranting about negative Steam reviews.----Personally, I recommend just playing the free mode for a few hours or watching some Twitch streams and seeing what you think of the game. Better yet, jump in the official Atlas Reactor Discord or someone's stream and see if anyone is available to show you the ropes. If you are the kind of person who wants to read a Steam review first though here ya' go. The following assumes a baseline understanding of MOBA/hero battler mechanics. If you've never played a game like this just go play it or watch a stream on Twitch. I only plan to cover a few fundamental differences.In Atlas Reactor each player has 20 seconds to decide which action they will take, and where they will move for the turn. Actions can take place in one of three phases (Prep, Dash, Blast in that order). After the 20 seconds is up all turns resolve simultaneously (some actions are shown in order for clarity, but are calculated as happening at the same time). This mechanic isn't exactly new, but it's uncommon and Trion executes on it very well. Like any MOBA-like (the meaning of that term is so diluted now) game there will be a learning curve as you get accustomed to all the available freelancers. Each one has a unique kit that can be modded and customized to be played your way so it will take some time to get used to them all, but the matchmaking does a good job giving you fair games at your skill level, and adapts as you grow in skill, and familiarity with the freelancers.The focus of Atlas Reactor's gameplay is less on twitch-based decision making, and more on intelligent tactical decision making. You still have to think fast, but a well executed plan is key. That, and knowing when to run (biggest new player mistake imo). The primary game mode is a simple 4v4 first to 5 eliminations affair. There are multiple maps in rotation. Each have several power-ups to grab/guard, and lots of cover/invisibility zones. Learning how to use both of these effectively is critical to survival. As with any team-based MOBA thingy communication is also critical. The ping system is adequate, but most impressive is the native Discord integration. If you have the Discord client running in the background you can choose to automatically join a private Discord channel with whatever team you happen to land with. If teamwork or communication make you cringe then you might be happy to know that at the time of writing the community is awesome. That's something that can always change (especially if the game grows in popularity) so take advantage of it while it lasts.If anything above sounds interesting to you just play the free version or watch some Twitch streams. Atlas Reactor is niche, and is better experienced than described in a Steam review. Find someone to play games with right away who can teach you the nuances of the game, and have fun."
,Recommended,402570,28850858,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,KOS-Robochar,"I'm not usually a fan of pvp based games so I was a little skeptical going into this one, however after a few rounds I was completly won over.I don't want to do a super long review, but I do have 3 things I'd primarily like to say:1. The turn based system is great. This doesnt lead to any real down time, you have enough time to make decions, but not enough spare (if any) to let your attention wander. All the action is both exciting to see play out as well as important to keep track of. It does mean that there's never any wasted time as from turn 2 you can start gunning down the enemy, plus you don't get lost in a sea of confusion where multiple players powers are going off simultaneously so that you can't tell whats going on.2. All (or at least most) of the characters are fun to play and varied enough to keep them interesting. Often in games like this where you are set a challenge or daily, it used to annoy me as I'd have a favourite hero I'd want to play to death. Here however it's a nice bonus as I'm already regularly swapping between different freelancers by choice. Another thing that's nice to see is that despite their differences every freelancer seems more or less equally balanced. Some characters work better together than others, but I never see a freelancer in a match and think ""This is going to be an easy/difficult match""3. The paywall. It doesn't exist. I've seen a number of reviews hating on the game for having the nerve of wanting to cover their costs, maybe even make a profit. Firstly this game charges you quite fairly. It doesn't try and micro transaction you at every corner, you are essentially playing a trial version, which if you enjoy you can purchase and get full access to everything, which seems entirely reasonable to me. Secondly if I was strapped for cash or not enjoying the game, I just wouldn't have purchased it. As I said before the characters are all interesting and they are the only thing worth mentioning you are locked out of if you haven't paid, but that's okay. Each week you get a rotation of free characters just like in loads of other games like this, the main difference being that everyone gets their own unique selection. This is great because it means that not everyone is playing the same few guys in every match. There is no way to unlock heroes with points or in game currency, but given the game doesnt try and make their money by throwing micropayments at you then that's fair enough. The game didnt have to offer itself for free, it could have simply been for sale at it's current price, but they generously give you the chance to give it a go without paying. In a way I almost regret buying it in so far as now that I have every character, it's harder to decide who to play each match. I'm glad I did though as I'm only too happy to support the devs who made this excellent game.All in all this is a superb game and I would urge anyone to try it out, it deserves much better than the ""mostly positive"" it currently has."
,Recommended,402570,29349509,Posted: 18 January,all,VioletDiamond,"Was really suprised by this game. Easy to get into, high skill cap, fun, unqiue characters. Was a bit worried about people playing but queue times are pretty comparable to popular mmos. Plenty of little challenges to give rewards for grinding games. Every game plays out unqiuely and I've enjoyed every match I've played."
76561198017321912,Recommended,402570,24157532,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,windwalker,"If an X-com and Heroes of the Storm had a child - that would be an Atlas Reactor.You are playing a classic moba heroes with a different abilities and ultimates in a strategic turn-based environment, where two teams of 4 players face each other.If you like turn-based games - give it a go.If you like mobas - give it a go.If you like chess - give it a go.If you are a psychic and can read peoples mind - definetly give it a go.On the other hand if your only redeeming qualities are the fast reaction and the motto ""thinking is for losers"" - i would advice to avoid this game though.Since the game is currently in a beta-phase there are some rough edges here and there, but the core expirience itself is already top-notch. I am currently having a blast with this game. And so should you!"
,Recommended,402570,25900478,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,RepliCat,"It's like DotA's concept with XCOM's gameplay and Borderlands' graphics.It's like chess, but with guns and blades.Edit: Admittedly the payment model is not at its best. Think of it like this: the free version is only a demo for you to get a taste of the game, and if you really enjoy it, pay $30 to grab the full game. At its core this game is still B2P, much like other recent game successes such as Overwatchand Battleborn.Personally I am okay with the free version except the inability to join ranked games. The free rotation system seems annoying at first as I really want to play Heliowith his hammerbut I cannot get him, but then I found the other freelancers also interesting enough to get me keep playing. The core XCOM-like gameplay is solid, and if you are really into this kind of strategy game, the free version should keep you playing for hours and hours.I have been playing this non-stop plz send helpIt sure does leave a sour taste in the mouth as I could never get to play the locked freelancers (still waiting for the weekly rotation reset), and piling 20 boxes in 12 hours butcould not open them all without WAITING A MONTH. But seeing myself enjoying this game very much, I am probably going to pay for the full game sooner or later. I don't see much room for a P2W situtation in a strategy game so I guess this is safe.Except this is Trion. They could always come up with something evil that you don't see it coming. I am going to pay for the full game now and I am probably going to regret this in three months.Conclusion: Game is great, price is good, Trion is not."
76561197991197821,Recommended,402570,27568058,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,ThePawn,"Love MOBAs, but don't have adderall induced Korean level reflexes? This game may be for you!Outwit, and outplay your opponents in a simulataneous turn based 4v4 Deathmatch, and remember ""If it tingles, it's working! If it burns... It's working!"""
,Recommended,402570,28750133,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,† Hiko,"At first I was a bit skeptical cause I didnt know how this game worked and didnt like it all that much. (Somethings were not working for me in the tutorial so I stopped playing after that) but the next day I gave it one more try with my bro in some pvp matches (I skipped the tutorial) I started to have fun and liked it more and more.So anyways, I never thought that I would like a strategy game but Atlas has something that makes me like it. The art style, the characters and their personalities. Every character is unique and offers different play styles.Also if you happen to be interested how this game is, you can try it out for free and look into it."
,Recommended,402570,23493640,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,HashyMcDabbz,"Want a game where you have to actually work as a team?Then this is it.Literally one of the best team strat games I've ever played in my life.The community is welcome to new players and the few that are toxic are a rare occurence,which is good if you're just getting into it(cuz let's be real who wants to start a game for their first time and deal with rude people that aren't caring that you're a noob)If you liked X-Com and you like MOBA games such as DOTA or Heroes of the Storm you will love this game due to it being a hybrid of the two genres.I say it's a hybrid due to the 4v4 turn based combat,which is very innovative."
,Recommended,402570,29737458,Posted: 6 February,all,Terroriza,"This review is a bit long, but the first half is about the game in general and the bottom is a bit more in depth about the gameplay.*update* as of around mid march this game has so little players that I would hesistate to recommend it if you want to play ranked unless you are specifically playing with friends 90% of the time. I love the game, but close to considering a break due to lack of players. **took a 2 month break and the game is still basically dead. Same issues as before with draft / bad players / no players**TRION also seems to be erasing negative post from there forums like crazy. I say so many positive things, but if it's even kind of negative it somehow gets erased. Whether it's an original post or a comment on someones, they seem to randomly get erased. I did not have any issues with the company until I started to notice this recently. Heavily considering staying away from this game at this point. ***This is one of the better games I've ever played. It's not a typical turn based game. There is a 25 second timer and both teams have that amount of time to put all of their actions in and at the end everything plays out. Games are fairly quick, typically lasting around 15 minutes. It's one of those games you really need to try it to fully get how fun it is. It's hard to describe exactly how everything works, but it works well and it's tons of fun. It is also very complex and requires good decision making and teamwork to consistently win. The community for the most part is really great. Most people playing are helpful and level headed. The discord channel is also very active and helpful.There is a pretty good amount of characters and most of them feel like they are pretty useful. I think this game can easily be played at a high level w/o spending a dime. They give you 1 free character after 10 games I believe and you will easily earn enough within a few days to buy multiple characters. The most expensive ones cost 50k and others cost anywhere from 10k-35k.  Some of the best characters don't cost 50k and one of the best tanks cost only 10k. I earned 75k in 30hrs of playtime. Can easily purchase a 50k, 30k and then a 10k in another day or so giving me 4 characters that I own in a short amount of time. They also do weekly rotations, but you can get a key in chat to give all characters for 1 week free.The only real negative is the lack of players. This game is just one step above dead and it's a shame. I hope a huge company makes this type of game because it's amazing. It just lacks players for ranked. More people really need to play this great game and I think many miss it because it can seem a bit strange until you play it. The pricing of individual heroes cost a bit much to the point where it's a bit obvious they want to force you to just buy the entire game. You could purchase a few heroes for the price of the entire game, but don't worry like I mentioned, you can legitimately play f2p. The xp boost are very overpriced considering all they do is help unlock cosmetic items. I would not even somewhat consider purchasing them at the current price. I decided to purchase the game after about 100 or so hours and it's one of the best purchases on steam that I have ever made.The ranked mode is slowly turning into an epic fail due to horrible matchmaking because of such low player count. Everyone gets matched with players who are several tiers below them in ranks. The draft mode needs to be completely fixed. The first player should not have the final say in the ban. If you talk to anyone who knows anything about this game they will agree that there is pretty much a specific way the draft should play out. Their are a couple key characters that are proven to be better and should be banned. Too many people screw this up and it will make your game much harder than it needs to be. There should be a vote for the draft on who to ban.I've read a few negative things about TRION from some other reviews before playing. I have not had any issues with them and have not played any of their other games. They seem to do a good job overall with updates and are quick to answer questions on the forums. This game is not for the average sheep. To play it seriously at a higher level your going to have to think several moves ahead and calculate things on the fly. This is definitely worth checking out if you like strategy games in general. It's not twitch based at all, it's all about anticipating what they are going to do.More into the gameplay below.Each turn has a decision phase where everyone will decide what to do, this is where the 25 second timer comes into play. You have 3 more phases which are prep, dash and blast. Skills are either prep, dash or blast types. A heal in most cases would be a prep skill and it would apply before the dmg (blast phase). Let's say someone has 10 health at the start of the turn and you are healing them for 30, but someone else is hitting them for 20. For the game to make sense it has this order of prep taking place first, dash second and blast third. Your heal will hit the target in the prep phase healing him to 30 health and then he gets hit in the blast phase for 20 and he lives.The dash phase is very interesting and I love how it works. It takes place after the prep phase. I know this all sounds complicated, but it's actually extremely simple to grasp and the games play out very fast even though this might sound like turns take a long time. Say you have 10 health and you're surround and know you're about to die. You use your dash skill which typically dashes out of the way for the most part. This can change a bit based on the character type or it can be used to dash in front of someone who doesn't have a dash skill ready to use so that the other character takes the dmg instead, it gets very complex. So the round starts and prep phase completes, now your character will dash before the blast phase and move out of the way. Dashes are obvious to your teammates by using a bright yellow line so that they know to not waste a shield on you if you are simply going to dash to safety anyway.Things get really complex here because you can always see what is on cooldown for all of the players. If someone is trapped, but they have a dash up you wouldn't want to focus attack that character because you know they are going to dash out of the way anyway. Instead you want to try to guess where you might dash too. Dash skills have very long cooldowns so they are not game breaking. Typically they have anywhere from 5-7 turn cooldowns.Blast phase is pretty simple to understand. It takes place last after everything else and it is mostly the attacks. A key to winning the game is to try to force people into using their dash skills too early and then you can try to corner them in bad spots to kill them. You also get a 1 time use per game dash which can either teleport a medium distance, teleport a short distance, but go invisible unti the next decision phase or teleport a medium distance and root enemies within an area.One last thing is that the game does a great way of getting rid of any possible RNG which is a huge issue with xcom and similiar games. There is no chance to hit or any of that. Say your Nix the sniper, your basic attack would have a very long rectangular shape of the area your shot will go. Garrison, a melee tank would have a very wide, but short area for his basic melee attack. If they are in your range and not in cover (some exceptions with that based on skills / mods) you will hit them. If they are in cover, regardless of if you flank them or not, they will take 50% less damage. There are also exceptions to that with certain skills of some characters or mods for the skills. Each skill has multiple mods you can apply to it, but each mod cost between 1-3 points and you can only use a total I think 8 points in placing your mods which is great to balance things out."
76561198013576696,Recommended,402570,28237285,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,C4RN4G3,"Back in the days of X-com and Master of Orion I was in heaven! Turn based strategy games were all over the place and life was good!Unfortunatly we turn based strategists are a dying breed and every once in a while we get somthing good, Final Fantasy Tactics, Advanced Wars etc.But there was never really a NEW game out there to quench our thirst for thinking, and not that RTS garbage. I even tried playing League of Legends for 3 years. *shakes head*Atlas Reactor is a game that we have all been waiting for. 4 v 4 deathmatch turn based strategy. Each turn you have ten seconds to plan your next move on a grid board. Your character can attack and move on one turn. The nice thing about this is when you planned your move and your turn is done, so is everyone else's turn, and everything happens at once in the end.Flashy new age graphics, with added quirks like taunting animations when you pick a move, makes this game grow on you.It is free to play in the sense. They have a couple of characters on rotation every week. Each month so far is a list of objectives like killing 200 opponents for bonus xp. Daily missions are also added.You gain xp to lv up your account. Each lv you gain a loot box with skins, taunts and stuff to customize your profile. Your characters can also  lv up to give you character specific loot boxes too. Plus each character's set of abilities are customizable too!If you want to play ranked or unlock all characters you can pay 30 bucks to buy the game and play all characters whenever you want. No character is OP or too strong, and in 4 months I have been playing 3 new characters have been added. So the community is strong.All in all, try it. If in the first 3 matches you dont like it, play somthing else. But if any of my fellow strategists out there are anything like me, you will shell out the 30 bucks gladly!"
,Recommended,402570,25837611,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,SkywarpGreer,Refreshing and unique.X-com multiplayer hybrid style with great cheeky characters.Excelent pvp action and progression. Dedicated developers who always reply on steam forums and very active on social media.Hope to see the game grow with more content :D
,Recommended,402570,30236682,Posted: 28 February,all,Unidentified Star,"Do you like to win using your head instead of hands?That simple question is actually an answer you are looking for in review section.If you do like it - go get it.If you are ok with it - go try it.If you don't like it - keep browsing for other games.That's it.No, the game isn't hard and you could play it without thinking about what you are doing, but keep in mind - Atlas reactor is all aboutquick thinkingandprediction.I don't think you want to read tons of text that you saw already in other reviews. Here is some quick list of pros instead:* Nice and friendly communityCommunity in Atlas Reactor is really nice. Even tho ragers and toxic people are everywhere, you will rarely find them in this game. This is not CS:GO or Dota 2, people are ready to communicate and plan their moves, as well as accept their own failures.* Soft microtransactionsAtlas Reactor has nothing in common with p2w. You can earnabsolutely everythingthat you could buy with a real money just by playing the game. For your real money, you can buy characters, skins and emotions. The only thing you can't earn without spending your money is a few special Ultimate Reactor Pack skins, which don't really looks more badass than the other ones.* RelaxingLean back on a chair and have fun. Just remember that you still need to be fast with your brain.* It's funPlace a wall behind enemy player who is about to escape and watch what will happen. You will be satisfied with yourself.* It's uniqueI bet you have not played much turn-based multiplayer arenas.Cons? Nope.Want to hear my humble opinion?Best Trion Worlds game so far.Have fun."
,Recommended,402570,23320655,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,RoboKong,"I'll admit, I first got this after the Overwatch open beta ended, and I was craving more of the same. At first glance it might seem similar if you ignore ALL the information about the game. Fortunately, it was an entirely different game, and has become one of my absolute favorite surprises in a long time.This is a turn based tactics competitive strategy game. First to five kills, 4v4, but you can make custom games which change up that formula. This a purely PVP game, with no PVE aspect (unless you play with bots). You move on a grid and on each turn you have twenty seconds to decide what to do. Within that time frame, you can see your team mate\'s moves but not the enemies. After the twenty seconds, all turns play simultaneously in a specific order of operations. It ends up playing like a very animated game of chess. Your whole team may plan to attack one person, but before the attack phase is the dash phase, and if that enemy dashes all your teams attacks will still play out, each one missing the shot. Which could place them in a bad spot, or maybe another enemy accidentally dashes into someones line of fire and gets killed.The strategy of the game is not the abilities or perfectly placed shots, but correctly guessing your opponents next move or two. This is not a twitch game, which is refreshing. I'm not against twitch games. I've played those my entire life and they are my favorite genre. But this is a nice change of pace. Seeing your team mate's choreographed moves executed as planned and out-smarting the entire team is one of the best experiences I've had in a competitive game in a long time.I cannot get enough of this game even in this state and I sincerely hope it does well once it comes out.  It needs more players. No pay to win. Microtransactions are only for cosmetics and taunts. Free updates and characters for everyone. This scratches an itch I never knew existed.[Edit] They have added a free mode, similar to other games with a couple free freelancer rotations and some other restrictions. They actually removed some of the loot box restrictions upon feedback from the community. They have been very active in adding new freelancers since release. I remember at least five new freelancers from when I got the game, with another one just being teased around the corner. Their community support has been phenomenal."
,Recommended,402570,24946420,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,neven87,"Best multiplayer turned based strategy game I've played. Really wish they would advertise the game, needs a larger player base."
76561198056323366,Recommended,402570,22984141,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Cloud,"If you like tactical strategy games and have always wanted an online/competetive type this will be a pretty nice fix for you as they are very few and far between. I personally haven't played very much yet but the time I spent playing during the free weekend thus far has been quite enjoyable. If you are familiar with mobas at all, it has a similar concept in that you will pick a freelancer (hero/champ/etc) and match up with 3 other players to face another team of 4. Combat is ruled by phases, creating oppurtunities to juke, attack, shield, heal, buff and so on. It has a nice feel to it, the tutorial is a little bland but don't give up on it too quick. There is also customization options for each freelancer to give it more of a personal feel without feeling overpowered/underpowered. The game has potential I feel, I'd say give it a shot if its on a free weekend and even if not and you're into tactical gameplay just go on and purchase it. For being exactly what it claims, I give it a 10/10."
76561198031363479,Recommended,402570,23564213,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Amuhann,"Edit: Hello again, I am just about to round 50 hours in the Atlas universe and figured I would write a more specific review. To quickly recap my 15 hour review: ""This game is insanely awesome!""Let me get this out of the way first - this game reminds me of X-Com greatly. This is mostly due to me practically never playing the single player and instead facing off against my brother in team vs team warfare. If tactics-based games (FFTactics, Fire Emblem, X-Com, Wakfu, ect) are not your cup of tea, this game will likely not be as well.---Despite that I still have to reccommend giving it a shot. This could be the game that ignites that spark of tactical love in your heart. Plus the community, as I have seen it, is usually pretty supportive and rarely blows up at people for their mistakes *unlike some of those other team-based multiplayer PvP games*---So anyway, on to the review.Pros (That is right, pros and cons list - going classic style)-Enough Freelancers to keep the variety up, with more in development.The game gives enough time per turn to let you make some plays, but keeps it short enough that it feels very action packed and intense.-Skill mods. Although there are only a couple per skill, it still feels like I am making each Freelancer my own. I know me and my brother play Pup very, very differently and our skill loadouts are reflective of that.-Fast matches. The matches in this are refreshingly short - averaging around 15-20 minutes. Long enough to enjoy it, short enough to play a round on my lunch break.-The games atmosphere - graphics, character personalities, music, maps, ect - all flow really well together to make the game more immersive.-Big in your face taunts!-Least toxic community I have seen in a while.-(This could just be me) Not based on your internet speed or reflexes to win (looking at you FPSs and MOBAs)-""GG"" items. Nothing says good game like an ISO (in-game currency) and exp buff to everyone in the match. Activating one gives you 50% bonus and each one activated by another player increases that bonus by 25% to a max of 275%. It makes leveling go by crazy fast. It is dope.Cons-As with any character based game like this, you do notice some Lancers popping up in games waaaayyy more often then others. Not to call anyone out though... Celest...-The UI can be a bit tricky, I have it ingrained in my brain that right-clicking cancles things - in this game it controls your movement. Also, to erase movement you have to hit 'esc'. That costs valuble seconds folks-(Again this could be just me) Lack of a dedicated healer. *Now before people holla at me about the 3/4 of the current supports being ""healers""* I see more people playing those supports as damage dealers instead of healing. If there was a Lancer with insanely low damage, I am talking almost none - in fact, none works for me - that could churn out some solid heals (eh, 15-20ish a turn) that would be bliss.-Big in your face taunts... They are cool at first, but when you get people spamming them it is the worst.-The matchmaking system could use some tweaking, although I think that a large part of the problem with it right now is that the player base isn't large enough to really match folks more appropriately.-Sometimes, and this is pretty rare - but frusterating, when you get into a match it will force you to choose another character because ""someone else claimed it"" or something along those lines. I absolutely hate this. I have straight-up left a game because of this. It is especially infuriating because I have no idea what determines who gets to play the character. It has only happend twice, like I said - it is rare - but it really is the worst thing ever. EVER!Potental improvements:-Like I said above, healer!-Wouldn't mind an ""opt-out of taunts"" option, so I can 86 it when I start growing tired of seeing them (this is usually because I have thus far been marathoning it with 5+ hour sessions).-A 5v5 mode, also a super chaotic 4v4v4 or 5v5 mode - and maps to accomidate the increased team sizes.-I haven't tried, so this could already be a feature, customizable controls. In case I end up getting super-furious at my right-clicking antics.-More skill mods would be amazing, the more in-depth I can customize my Lancers, the better. Or so I think.All-in-all this game, especially while still being a beta, is a breath of fresh air. It is crazy original, quick paced, and keeps you on your toes. I look forward to seeing it grow and claim its spot amung the fiercly competitive PvP giants. I absolutely cannot stress enough how much I recommend this game. It truly is one of a kind.10/10"
,Recommended,402570,24197124,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Stylianfire,"Well. Figured I would try it as I am not normal a MOBA fan but I do like games like Xcom2, FF tactics etc etc.This game is so much fun! great team tactics and once you get the hang of it, it really is a challenging fun game.I have no issue with TRION, played RIFT when it came out and thought it was a good game. Either way they have done an excellent job with this game, for such a simplistic game they added so much challenge.It also helped that it was on sale also you never have to shell out additional cash after the purchase. All additional characters will be free updates.Every character plays differently, so there is a little for everyone, you want a tanky style, a ranger style, healer its all there!Oh and there is no pay to win with this game, all the items you get are cosmetic and leveling doesn't offer you some special advantage either.Update after 25 hours of play:Positives:Fun/exciting gameplay, great graphics with zero crashes so far on my Nvidia 970 gfx card.Easy to find a group and friend them + you get extra experience by playing with people from your friend list.As you level up you get some crates and are able to unlock rare backgrounds/logos/character graphical moves/taunts, they won't give you a gaming advantage but can show others you are a Vet.Ranked future play. This one I can't wait for, you move up ladder in ranked play.Negatives:It's a beta but forums seem to be very stagnant, not a lot of excitement which is unfortunate as this game relies on players/community.No Guild support, there is only an arena, leveling up, getting cool superficial stuff, eventually Ranked competitive leagues.No Steam achievements so farWait time to find a match can be lengthy (2 to 5 min) if not enough people are online.Overall it's an addictive fresh game and I wish more people would try it out."
,Recommended,402570,24602792,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Livewire,"A lot of people compare this game to Xcom. I guess it kind of is but not really, it's also not really a moba.It has no laning, no structures or bases, it's pure pvp and it's not really xcom because it just doesn't share the same kind of feel.So what is it? Awesome is what it is, a synchronous turn based hero arena PVP master piece.The heros are unique and awesome, with some really cool abilities and lots of variation in playstyle.The maps are fun and different ranging from small cover based maps to larger more open ones.Yes the game is buy to play, but most f2p games suck nowadays anyway and you get every hero with your purchase.One thing a lot of people don't mention in reviews is the fact this game has quests/challenges to complete. Not only does it have daily contracts like ""Play 4 games as a tank"" but it also has the seasons missions where you get bonus xp for doing things like ""Earn 10 new season levels"" etc. and now we also have the Trust Wars, where you can pick a banner and fight for unlocks for your side, or like me, switch sides and collect them all!Overall it is WELL worth the £15 and in the week I have owned it I just can't put it down, already played like 50 hours!"
76561198021898362,Recommended,402570,25922801,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Saint,"In my first 12 hours of gameplay I was pleased with the game.This turn-based tactical stategy game is well balanced, a variety of places to battle on. A lot of skins, characters with their own way to battle and taunt the enemy. PvE and PvP are a real challenge.The game takes turns, one stage for  one side; they can prepare themselves with their abilties to attack, or counter the attacks of the enemy. The enemy will do the same untill someone gets the highest score.So, is it free to play?. Yes it is!.  To be more specific, the game has  four models;Free to play model; character selection limitation (On rotation, so you get to play them eventually), limitations on opening rewards.Pay to play basic model; free selection of charactres, unlimited reward openings.Pay to play medium model; same as above, plus emojis.Pay to play heavy model; same as all the above plus skins, title and extra emojis.If you compare the time that you will be spending on the game and the money you used to play unrestricted, it is probably worth itif Trion does not mess it up too much..Some time later,  the game is now fully free to play, with bugs, server problems, emty loot boxes, huge exploits, community getting more and more toxic...And if they fix anything, they break something else in the game, it is an endless circle with Trion. It is really sad to see this game falling slowly in decline, but after all, that happends with all of their games."
76561198086763870,Recommended,402570,26158291,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,freaky,"Please ignore the bad reviews that specif complain about paying for the heroes. This is a PAID GAME, the Free to play mode is more like a demo with limited herores which you can play online with only five. (Pretty much like LoL, Paladins, etc)It is not fair to bash bad a product because you have to pay for it, it is insane.You pay 26 dollar, 56 reais, and you get al heroes, are able to do ranked matches and open as many loot boxes as u want.Very smart and strategic game, very like XCOM.They already update with a new hero very quick, they have a couple of skins for each hero and only a few maps.The game has a great potential and the heroes are unique, has some moba feel to it too. Just try it the free version, if you like it, buy it.It is a great game and well supported."
76561198012296177,Recommended,402570,23008010,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Mr Don,So i have to admit Atlas Reactor is damn good but you needs to give it a chance as its different.If you like chess and want to think a bit give it a go.I didnt like it initially starting the free weekend off but its grown on me more and more to the point where i bought the atlas pack tonight.They are planning on putting in more freelancers and yea i think its bringing something new to the table that needs to be given a chance.Good for you Trion.
,Recommended,402570,24563332,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,TripSin,Quite fun and addictive. I feel like they need to market this game more as I feel given it's quality it should be a lot more popular than it seems to be.Edit: I just hope they adjust in-game prices. Seems a bit excessive especially since the game is pay to play.
,Recommended,402570,23014757,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,XxKinkillaxX,"EA- Review response** PLEASE KEEP IN MIND THAT ATLAS REACTOR IS (WAS) STILL IN EARLY ACCESS/BETA DEVELOPMENT, THERE ARE FEATURES WHICH STILL NEED TO BE ADDED TO THE AND/OR FINE TUNED. ATLAS REACTOR IS NOT A FINSHED PRODUCT YET! **""Played this the entire frigging day and have enjoyed every last minute of it, Definitely Looking forward to its release!""Full Release ThoughtsAtlas Reactor plays at a 20 second turn for all players, but that doesn’t necessarily mean all players play at the same pace. For some players, the games pacing may be to slow for them or way to fast when they first start playing the game. Matches tend to be played in a similar way that chess is played, you are meant to analyze what your opponent is doing to figure out your best way to outsmart them while your opponent does the same thing to you, the biggest difference is that you only control 1 piece which can perform multiple action in the game and you must cooperate with 3 other players. Being that this is a competitive game not everyone gets along very easily.Basic breakdown though for how the game goes is combat is done simultaneously based on the phase of combat. This means all Prep abilities activate during the prep phase, all Dash abilities activate in the dash phase, all blast abilities activate in the blast phase, and all movement is done at the end of the blast phase. EVERYTHING happens at the same time in that phase but each lancer takes a turn, even if you die you still have that perfect op to take the other ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ down with you.Pros and Cons of Atlas Reactor~Pros~+ Unique Freelancers+ Simple to pick up with the xcom type of deep strategy+ Fairly easy gameplay with a small learning curve.+/- All Freelancers are free forever!+ The only Payed unlockables are purely cosmetic, no Pay2Win advantages.+ Able to unlock unique cosmetic content and some purchasable content. How else would the company thrive if we didn't support it ?-Cons-- The games phases Prep/Dash/Blast/Move might be difficult for some to understand but eh tough♥♥♥♥♥♥- Some in game information may be hard to pick up on (Ability Telegraphs)- Match experience in dependent on how players play and how team comps are made (a bad experience while playing Atlas Reactor may be cause of people pick characters that they just want to try without knowing how to play them).- The games learning curve will very based on a players experience with Turn-Based strategy games."
,Recommended,402570,26242721,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,The Laughing God,Addictive as hell !
76561198054393968,Recommended,402570,25861413,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,ya_mon11,"This is the first review I'm writing, so please go easy on me! Right now, I have a little over 300 hours logged in to Atlas Reactor (or AR for short) and I am enjoying every moment. For this review, I'm not really going to go into the gameplay as I think there are plenty of reviews and information already out there. I just want to correct some misinformation I believe people have about the game and help anyone who has an interest in trying out AR.First, Atlas Reactor is a buy to play game. The free mode is only a limited version of the game, where you have a number of restrictions. These restrictions are: a limited player unique rotation of Freelancers, a limit to the number of Loot boxes a player can open in a certain time period (I believe it is 1 every 32 hours? may be wrong), and the inability to play ranked or custom matches. Buying the game removes these restrictions and also gives you access to any future content released without restriction. While it does seem at first like the game is tricking you into playing the free to play version first, that is only with regards to the steam formatting system. Since there is a free to play edition, the game has to be listed as free to play even though it really isn't. More details on what is and what is available in free to play mode can be found on the Atlas Reactor website, the forums, the reddit page, the discord, and I'm sure in places I don't know of.Secondly, I would like to approach the problems that everyone seems to have with Trion. Everyone seems to label them as a bad company and I have done a bit of research into why that is. So it seems that people have issues with the payment system in Rift and the many problems in Archeage (which weren't fixed), both of which I can understand. To start, I want to point out that the team that works on Atlas Reactor is different from the two other games, as far as I understand from a community perspective. In regards to the community, Trion has been great, constantly in direct contact with people through reddit and discord, and I have even talked to and played against The Blue Muzzy, the AR Trion community head myself and he is a cool guy and very willing to listen to ideas that people have. For the payment system, as far as I understand the big problem with RIFT was that it was originally free to play and went pay to win in time, which is fun for no one. However I believe (and hope) that Trion has recognized their mistake and made AR a pay to play game from the start so that no such issues can occur again (like I said, hopefully). In case people didn't know, the developers for Archeage were XL Games, not Trion (Trion was just the commercial front of Archeage). So all of the game issues should be attributed to XL Games. For AR, Trion has been great about getting information on bugs for the community and constantly updating the game through the Beta to work out the problems. I enjoy the game a lot and would be extremely sad if I had to pay more money than I already have to do well in the game.So, please keep this in mind when you download AR for the first time. Try to let go of any prejudices of Trion and MOBA's in general and just enjoy the game! Oh and feel free to contact me in game (or in steam) if you want to play together or have any questions! Name in game is EarthRat#7792"
,Recommended,402570,25359253,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,PolitePingu,"I don't normally write reviews on a game, but I thought this game deserved one. This is probably one of the most fun and entertaining game I have played in quite a while. The free mode does seem a bit limiting, but once you pay for the game, it just gets a whole lot better. Given Trion Worlds past with making games pay to win, I believe there is a different future for Atlas Reactor, and the devs listen to the players. I had an issue in the game (Something missing from inventory) and the support was very helpful and willing.TLDR: Worth every penny."
,Recommended,402570,22987996,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Flamerider,"Hey! This game's actually alright. It's not bad, it fits into a niche and it's fresh and interesting in a way that's presented as simple enough to dive into.It's one of them competitive team hero-based games except it's turn based strategy combat and the commands are treated as simultaneous (they play sequentially for clarity, if you 'die' to a move you will continue with your orders until the move phase including things that heal you to take you out of death range) and are split into four stages: Prep, Dash, Blast, and then regular moving. And it all plays out into this nicely balanced thing with potential for team synergy (moves are very reliant on skill-shot aiming and requiring positioning co-ordination) and mind games (reading a dash attack by pointing your blast attack in the direction you think they'll try to dodge, etc.).Characters aren't amazing but it's not like Paladins or Paragon where they're trying to make serious fantasy characters just like every other hero game there is to see. Here they slap a cool design and a kit together, we don't worry about the plot details, and it generally doesn't bother us. Characters are expressive and rarely follow any kind of well-worn templates; looking at the cast for the first time was very ""Whoa hang on what am I looking at?"" which spun around into being refreshing. Not strong, but not drab, boring, or typical either.Progression's a little weird. Characters have pick-and-choose augments to abilities which are super easy to acquire but they're worth different amounts of points and you have to remove some from others depending on how expensive the mod you want is and it's not something you can see until you're hit by it in combat either. And it's not like I want to play around with it, usually the default mods are good enough and suit what I think I need.Was easy enough to learn and start playing but I've got a lot of picking up and studying to do if I'm to find out how I can improve, it's not apparent from gameplay alone where you go wrong because taking damage and eventually dying is just par for the course since lining up shots is always putting you in harms way one way or another and you only have so many escape plans. That last one's not a flaw of the game design, having difficulty getting better is just a consequence of it in some way."
,Recommended,402570,24892048,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Deliveraptor,"Atlas Reactor is a brilliantly desiged strategy game. For a F2P game that has generated relatively little hype, it has quickly become my 3rd most played Steam title (out of over 300 games).Even with the 'Beta' tag, gameplay is rock solid, a lesser studio would have already released. Graphics and animation look quite good, even at high non-standard resolutions. Item unlocking has been completely revamped to include random cosmetic items, no P2W elemnents to be found here.Overall, I highly recommend downloading just to see the gameplay. It really is like nothing you've ever played and you owe it to yourself to give it a try."
,Recommended,402570,25604207,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,nostologic,"This game is in a genre of its own.  Don't get confused by its amazing trailer and think it is something it is not.  This is a super hybrid of xcom/moba games that really shines in my mind.  Watch the streams on twitch, check it out and watch it played.  It's fantastic and you need to look into it more than just the trailer."
,Recommended,402570,25870663,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Super Alexa,"Super tactical fun - 10/10 for creating a great mash up of different genre's and past titlesYou'll see a fusion of different elements from different games that complement each other perfectly:Dota, LoL, FFTA GBA - Roles and Unique skills and customizing of skillsXCOM 1 and 2 - Battle gameplay ( Grid combat, turn based, watch a youtube video of xcom gameplay if you don't know it)Overwatch/Paladins - unlock of Cosmetics such as skins, taunts, voices etcWhat does it have?Game has a story mode integrated to online play; basically unlock stuff and more story while playing online. Story is still starting and changes get updatedGame has vs BOTS (ramp the difficulty up if you like; theyre no joke)Game has different maps ( Vs AI maps and PVP maps are different ) try both modes to see them all.Whats to come?More story progressionMore charactersMore mapsMore game modesLets not forget the main point of this game which is STRATEGY.You're not expected to do 200+APM like in other games or have lightning reflexes like in other games.Its all about STRATEGY"
76561197987703777,Recommended,402570,22981290,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,TomSelleck,"This game is very,very fun.  Turn based strat with teamwork as a must.  Also so far the community has not been infiltrated by the toxic LOL folks.  Try it out."
,Recommended,402570,29618672,Posted: 31 January,all,Kaspariano,I keep coming back ot this game. I don't play it regurlaly but everytime I jump into a few games I always have fun.Edit: My high number of hours is because the launcher counts as being in game and I forgot to close it for 3 days after exiting the game. So remove around 72 hours from whatever my playtime is uo to now.
76561198037569377,Recommended,402570,30153729,Posted: 24 February,all,Etheldir,"Very interesting and tactical turn-based game. Business model is fair, you can buy all of the freelancers for the price of a normal game or earn them by playing."
,Recommended,402570,28275399,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,glraven,"Speaking strictly from my personal experience as a lover of turn-based strategy, Atlas Reactor happened to have provided the most incredible team-based gaming experience I have encountered in the 30+ years of my life.  Reluctantly, I had to quit because it has become an addiction that ruined my life.Gameplay: This is a multiplayer only game with simultaneous turn.  In other words, you control one hero in a 4v4 match, in which everyone submits the move within the given time and see the action executed at once (more accurately, executed in four consecutive phrases, which will be discussed in a bit).Three things make the game unique:1. The ability to customize: though each hero has fixed skills, the player can select one of many mods to accompany each skill, tailoring all heroes to your play-style and adding a wonderful layer of richness to the strategy.2. The four phases of execution: this is hard to explain verbally, but all the skills and items fit into one of the four categories – prep, dash, blast, and move.  The prep phrase (healing and trapping) and the dash phrase (teleport) occur before the blast phrase (attack).  This means that you may teleport away from opponent’s attack, but your opponent may trap the square where he thinks you would teleport; you got the idea.3. The energy and ultimate skill system: skills have NO mana cost, only cooldowns.  Energy is acquired through attacking opponents, and once you reach full energy, you get to unleash the hero’s unique ultimate skills; they are spectacular.Other pros:+ absolutely fair payment model. Money buys you cosmetic NOT unfair advantages.+ no RNG!+ well-balanced and diverse selection of heroes+ great dev support+ intuitive interfaceCons:- Occasional connectivity issues- like DOTA, it may take a while to be familiar with all the heroes, but thankfully, the nice interface helps to get instant info during the battle.Neutral:- Teamwork and communication is important!Good luck freelancers!"
,Recommended,402570,29741909,Posted: 6 February,all,Ferheyd,"It's an X-COM/FF Tactics/MOBA hybrid which is pretty fun and challenging at the same time. Very cool gameplay and graphics; the freelancers are diverse and you can buy them all just by playing regularly.This game is completely F2P if you're patient ( the money comes by quickly, don't be scared by the price of the freelancers.The community is a huge plus for the game as well; never seen a MMO community this mature and helpful.If you wanna try all the freelancers for one week, feel free to use my referral code: 266NW3H6KC63KPTX7T2ZSee you in game!"
76561198070409273,Recommended,402570,24304858,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Cody-Wan Kenobi,"Disclaimer: I have not used every character, largely sticking with supports (because none of my friends know how to take one for the team) so I feel like this can only be viewed as a ""first impression"" review. Also, I was not paid for this review.My take aways are this, for a Early Access title, this seems very polished, but not without a few bits that aren't quite shiny yet. This game is very much so strategic/tactical and you have to make decisions in a fairly short amount of time, so if you are not competent at/do not enjoy ""He'll think that I think that he will do this"", then this game is very much so a pass. For examle: one of my first games in PvP, my whole team unloaded our ultimates into the area the enemy was, only for every one of them to teleport out of range and then destroy us next turn, largely because we chose to play this as a straight team deathmatch instead of what the game actually is.The game suffers, currently, from a slightly below average playerbase, or at least it feels like it. I've matched up with the same guys a time or two and wait times are basically on par with Paragon wait times, despite there being 2 fewer people per match in comparison. This is, of course, anecdotal, and also something to be expected of an early access title. Also along the lines of matchmaking, the game is currently not above putting you on a team of one tank and three supports if you are solo-queueing, so be warned on that front. The game is fun so far, I've never really felt cheated, and I always want to play one more round, especially after a loss. Speaking of losses, the game is fairly balanced. I've never been on the giving nor receiving end of a blowout, but as player skill increases a meta is bound to pop up. Going back to ""cheated"" really quick, though, there has been a time or two when I have queue'd up my ""GTFO"" ability because I knew a gank was incoming, and ended up not actually using it when it was supposed to...resulting in my untimely death. HOWEVER: This is a bug, not a feature, so I do not blame the game for those instances, but rather the development cycle.The combat is just, simply, fun. It doesn't feel forced, every character feels like they carry a justifiable amount of weight (I have, as a support, often seen myself as participating in every kill, sometimes landing the killing blow), and you can augment your character's abilities to create a variety of builds. The abilities are also all very much so as colorful as the characters, or at least they fit very well within the character's (aka, Freelancer) design and theme. My current favorite is Dr. Finn as a Naga-esque fish guy who squirts water around and shoots eels at his opponents, which totally feels right.All in all, this is a beautiful game with a good sense of humor, fairly balanced characters, and a community that wants the game to thrive. With the current sale going on and the fact that being a founder guarantees you every character they will release for the game ever, I think the $15 price tag is more than worth it, and I would feel the same for the standard $20 it normally runs."
76561197972045341,Recommended,402570,25582521,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Prof. MoFo,"Beta review so keep that in mind!I have never played a game like this and I was very pleasantly surprised. It is a turn-based shooter that pits two teams of four players against each other to get the most kills in 20 turns. If a team reaches 5 kills, the game ends immediately. You only have 20 seconds in which to plan your move and then all moves are executed by all players simultaneously. This might seem like a short time but after a bit of practice it becomes easy to manage.There are three types of characters (called freelancers) to choose from: damage dealers, tanks, and supports. Each freelancer has a different set of skills so team composition matters. With a bit of coordination its possible to pull off some amazing combos that decimate the enemy team.The turn-based nature of the game turns it into something more akin to Final Fantasy Tactics or the Fire Emblem series. It felt a bit strange at first but once I got used to it, I found myself enjoying it immensely. It sometimes feels like a game of speed chess where you don't control all the pieces and they can shoot each other. Although turn-based each game is actually quite short, taking between 15 and 20 minutes, meaning you can binge play it or play it during a break.Coming from over a 1000 hours of DOTA 2, I was immensely happy to find a community that did not swear and call each other n00b all the time. Props to them, its quite a relaxed group of people that don't seem very toxic. Just one disclaimer, at the time of writing of this review the ranked PvP was disabled so I was not able to assess how they are in that environment.Overall I really like this game and I hope that it gets the attention it deserves."
76561197964522341,Recommended,402570,25869614,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Vostok,"-There are DPS, tank, and support classes.-Each character has a primary attack, 3 abilities on cooldowns, and an ultimate.-Using your abilities gives you energy, which is used for ultimates.-The attacks, abilities, and ultimates all allow you to customize them with 1 bonus (extra movement, damage, etc)-Each of the bonuses costs between 1 and 3 points, and you can spend up to 10 between your abilities.-Each turn has an action, and then movement.-The actions are broken into three phases done in order: Prep (typically heals/shields/etc abilities), Dash (typically combat movement abilities), and Blast (mostly attacks)-All abilities are triggered simultaneously for each phase. The game determines the order of certain things (for example, if characters are knocked away before or after an area attack)-Movement happens after these phases. If you did not use an ability during the turn you can move farther.-When each turn starts, you have 20 seconds to select what ability/abilities you will use and how, and where you want to move after. There are 2 times you can take an extra 5 seconds.-You also receive 3 ""Catalysts"" (just extra once per game abilities), one for each phase. You choose between different options to customize your character how you like.-You can see every character's health and energy while in game.-You can practice characters and builds against bots to get the hang of them before jumping into PvP.I'm really enjoying this game. It really rewards you for knowing what all the characters can do, paying attention to what abilities of theirs are ready or on cooldown, predicting movement, etc. It's obviously not going to be everybody's thing, but if you like turn-based strategy this one is definitely worth a look. What I posted above should probably give you a good idea of whether you'll like it or not."
,Recommended,402570,29776446,Posted: 7 February,all,Eeth,"Are you interested in Overwatch, but feel like FPS games aren't really your bag? Do you like chess? Are you old and slow but you still want to smack down some punk♥♥♥♥♥kids? I cannot recommend this game enough, it's very different than anything else out there; but at the same time borrows from a lot of popular and familar genres, so it feels like a mash up of a handful of things you maybe already know and love. Pick it up (it's free), play it for a couple of hours, then come back and thank me later (or don't, it's your life, I'm gonna let you do you)."
,Recommended,402570,25856692,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Plasma,"Atlas Reactor is a 4v4 XCOM style game, where each player/bot controls 1 character. Threre is no RNG deciding if you hit or miss, so you won't get robbed of a kill because the RNG said no. The game is really easy to understand, it only took the tutorial and a coop game to teach me how most of the game works. There is mini-videos on some game mechanics and character's skills which if very helpful. You may have to look up guides to fully understand some game mechanics that they don't teach in the tutorial however. I adore the music in Atlas Reactor, you got the main menu to get you pumped you up for the next match. The music also intensifies whenever a taunt is activated, it makes matches so tense. Atlas Reactor seems to be very balanced to me, I don't think anyone is overpowered and every match I can feel a comeback from either team.There is a ""free mode"" which is you can play for free, treat it as ademo. In Free-mode, you have access to these features:Pvp and Coop QueuesCosmeticsAll mapsLevel up system, with a loot box every levelDailiesThe limitations of Freemode:Can't queue up for Ranked PvPCan only play the characters in the weekly rotation,Unable to buy loot boxes (But you can still earn them)Can only open a loot box every 36 hours.Unable to earn currency to buy cosmetics.(Official blog post about free-mode]Overall 8,5/10 game for me."
,Recommended,402570,23651436,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Dustofsaturn,"This is one of the most fun games I have ever played and I continue to enjoy playing it with one of my friends. We started out playing on a free weekend and became addicted to it. I come from a history of MOBAs, Tower Defense, Turn based strategy games, and shooter games.This game is a turn based strategy where everyone does their turns all at once. It creates a new layer of strategy not seen in most other games. It always keeps you on your toes and after nearly a month of play I still have yet to get frustrated playing this game due to how quickly games seem to go by.I'd highly recommend at least checking it out on a free to play weekend or seeing if you can snag a 3-day free trial code as I don't think you'll regret purchasing this after seeing how it plays."
,Recommended,402570,22989092,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,e dragon,This is the most fun I'v had in a while . If you have played FrozenSynaspse or just like turnbased games I strongly recomend this game.The charercters are all well desinged and unique. The pace of the game is perfect with the addition of the Time Bank.Hopefully Trion/Glyph dosn't screw this up down the road.
,Recommended,402570,25861827,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,sirtoki,"It's a really great game, lots of fun and suprisingly fast paced despite being turn based. I really love it, people are downvoting because they feel cheated because it's not free. Whether that's a legitimate concern I don't know, I bought it and I really enjoy it."
,Recommended,402570,23031303,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,miguelish,"In an age where turn-based games live in the shadows of the MOBA scene, Atlas Reactor proves they can make a comeback. (And yes, I've played League for 6 years, Dota, as well as Hots) Atlas Reactor found a way to eliminate the long drag of 'ally turn vs enemy turn' by evolving it into one phase where both sides' actions play out. That does mean, however, that you cannot undo actions like you could in normal JRPG's- but I feel this adds more to the strategic side of the game and becomes one of its strengths. I don't have many friends.. well I don't have many friends.. but I don't have friends who are into this type of game, but boy do they love to watch the gameplay. I was hesitant to pick up the game once it turned from F2P to P2P until I realized there really is no other game out there quite like this one. Will I enjoy it? Hell yeah. Is it a MOBA-killer? Not exactly. Is there room for improvement? Always- but that's what I'm most excited for, to see what else is in store for this game!"
76561198037080732,Recommended,402570,25788724,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Gentleman,"Brilliant. I just love it. It gets rid of all story boreness from Xcom-ish turn based games, and transforms it in action, skills, with a nice variety of toons to choose from. you can play against other players (full PVP), you can play with other players against Bots (Good dficulty of bots, it feels they are just normal players, or good ones depending on the dificulty you set) or you can play with bots against other bots. So it has a little bit for everyone."
,Recommended,402570,23030015,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,WhiteMango,"This game is awesome, I highly recommend it!Atlas Reactor grabbed my attention right away, with its combination of unique characters/abilities and the strategry of a multiplayer chess game. I started playing in alpha and have continued to love playing the game everyday.The hardest part of the game is to understand what each ""freelancer"" can do. (Now that all the characters are avaliable to play from the start, it is much easier to play a character for a few games to understand their abilities better so you can anticipate their next move during the game) Honestly, there is nothing better than predicting your opponents next move and winning the game because of your prediction.The strategy and fast pace action keeps me on the edge of my seat. Even as the game time goes on, the kill count goes up (first to 5) and I can feel my nerves raising hoping I made the right choice as the turn undfolds.If you want a game that can be different every time you play it, in terms of strategy and team work, Atlas Reactor is for you. Playing with friends or solo you can work together or be an assassin to work towards the common goal of out foxing your opponents."
,Recommended,402570,23135917,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,I AM XIN,"Recommand if you like turn based tactical combat RPG, e.g. Xcom.+ xcom pvp.+ short session.+ Simultanious turn based. (No need to wait for opponnents' turn)+ Skins, styles, banners, icons, etc. Many collectables.- Need more cool and distinctive characters.- Graphics needs more improvements.- UI is not simple.- No half cover display."
76561198038897362,Recommended,402570,30072483,Posted: 20 February,all,Ciclic,"Pretty awesome FTP game. The loot system is very rewarding; the loot boxes are frequent, consistent, and contain good rewards (skins, taunts, boosts, etc.)Play at least 10 games, this allows you to not only get a decent grasp of the game, but also to unlock any one free champion. It took a few games before I actually enjoyed it... Give it a chance; I really enjoy it now.The free rotation is different for all players, which is pretty awesome as you don't consistently see the same free champs spammed every game (ie LoL).My referral code is: WHZFDFZEQ9Y2H9CPZYTFIf you want to enter it on the launcher screen it will unlock all the champions for 1 week (and give me little perks if you play games, buy things, etc ;-)"
,Recommended,402570,23498722,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Darvanen,"I have always been interested in team based games, but haven't had the split-second reflexes or training to do well.  This game however, rewards tactical thinking over a slightly longer time-frame, 20 seconds to be precise.  I love it."
76561197972340288,Recommended,402570,25833606,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Sp4m,"Atlas Reactor is Fantastic.The matches are quick and the opportunity for team play is through the roof. Or off the hook. Possibly off the chain?There's a Free to Play entry point, so no risk in checking it out! Also, Free players don't have ANY statistical disadvantages to paid players. Paid Players have permanent access to their Freelancers, and F2P players have access to a smaller rotating set.So check it out. Play a few games and I have litte doubt that you'll find *strong* value in one of the Founders Packs."
,Recommended,402570,25803381,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Falrinth,"New, fresh food for the brain. Very fun and addicting. Long time havent been so excited about trying new heroes in moba-like games. Its not a chore you need to learn to play competetively, its just pure fun. Best part is that its a completly new gameplay. Simultenous turn moba is like moba for adults with less twitch reflexes than youngsters.Its like a mix of moba, Xcom and poker - For me its perfect.At the initial shock of new rules - which at first seem complicated - when you grasp it, it opens up room for the best gameplay you ever had."
76561198098442287,Recommended,402570,25731642,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,ddd09ish1,"The most honest thing i think anyone can say about this game is that it combines some of the best ideas from Mobas and Tile based strategy games.  It is the closest thing to an intuitive moba that ive ever played (and this is coming from someone with 900+hours in dota, 300+ in smite, so on so forth))Is it fun? Yes. Is it challenging in a meaningful way? Yes. Do i ever feel cheated? No.Buy the game, Enjoy the game, ?????, Profit"
76561198002397485,Recommended,402570,25719502,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,Archadian,"Fantastic game. Play it more than once, it can be confusing at first."
,Recommended,402570,29586884,Posted: 30 January,all,Zero,I've only played a few matches at the time of this review but damn this game is really good.. It's one of the best turn based strategy games i've played in a while and I would definitely recommend it to anyone who likes the genre.. You won't be disappointed.(Oh also Nix for life.)
76561198125612882,Recommended,402570,26396639,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Stripper Steve,"A lot of people are going to hear ""Turn based"" and be ""Turned off"" immediately. I implore you to look past that and give this a try. It's not a slow paced game by any means. It's highly tuned, well balanced, greatly strategic, pvp based combat in a 4 v 4 setting. The turns are fast, you have 15 seconds to act, both teams act together, you watch it play out, and it's on to the next turn. Games tend to last 10-15 min tops. Once you hit 5 kills, round 20 (team with highest kills), or a kill after round 20 (Sudden Death if tied) the game is over.The balance in the game is exceptional. I find myself playing a vast majority of ""freelancers"" (Champions) not really caring what role I play. The game is centered around a holy trinity of Support (healing), Frontline (tanking), and Firepower (DPS). It doesn't force you to play any specific roles, but a well rounded team will be 1 healer, 1 tank, and 2 DPS generally. Most of the champions are balanced well enough that you should be able to win a game with any setup. Positioning, movement, and execution will make or break you.The flow of the game is decided by how well you understand each champion, and how well you keep up with what each champion has available. You are given a set of 5 abilities, and 3 catalysts. 1 ability is normally spammable, while the others have turn based cooldowns (i.e. can't be used again for X number of turns). The final ability is an ultimate that requires you to build up energy throughout your turns to use. Some champions can power their ults up quickly and get multiple uses in a match, most are lucky to get two uses out of it, and there will be games where you only get a single ultimate use. They are very powerful, and can change the course of a game in your favor if used correctly. Every other ability you use will provide you with energy as well as a small amount gifted each turn regardless of what transpired in the previous turn. The catalysts are one use abilities per match and feature options for each of which you have 3. A teleport, a heal/cd reset, or a dmg boost/shield.The game has three phases when a turn begins that play out in order. They are prep phase (Heals, buffs, debuffs, etc.), dash phase (when dash abilities can be used for quick movement into or out of an area prior to the final phase), and blast phase (when most damage abilities, majority of ultimates, etc. are used). After the three phases all characters will move to whatever position they chose prior to locking in their decisions for that turn.I can't stress enough how fun this game is. It's an F2P model with a buy option. The F2P model allows you to pvp against other players, and use a weekly rotation of a variety of champions to test the game out. If you buy the full version you unlock all champions for full use, and get accessed to ranked content. The ranking system is setup basically on League of Legend's template. You have a solo, duo, and team based rank options. You can also purchase loot boxes which contain various cosmetic items such as skins, ability taunts, banners, and emblems for your name plate.I implore everyone to at least download and play the free to play model with the rest of the community in general pvp just to try to the game out. It's worth a look. See everyone in game. :)"
,Recommended,402570,25346398,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Hasya,This game is so fun and addictive. I love it so much <3
76561198054869882,Recommended,402570,25199227,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,>tfw called a retard in unranked,"> tfw playing healer> first game> not sure what my skills actually do>♥♥♥♥♥♥around first half of the game> we start losing about 4-2> get low health> enemy team all around me, teammates on other side of the playfield> enemy all low health> realise I've baited the whole enemy team towards me> teammates spam aoe skills all around me> We win 4-5> 10/10 best turn around everWell, here's to hoping Trion doesn't screw this one up, too."
76561197970707187,Recommended,402570,25971041,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Grudgeal,"A fun casual multiplayer title. A game usually takes 10-20 minutes and skill is gauged more in coolness under pressure and bluffing ability/teamwork than clicks per minute ability, which is a godsend to us oldtimers with our past-our-prime nervous systems. The game seems fairly well balanced and the price seems okayish for being what it is; something you can play for an hour a two each day after work to cool off."
,Recommended,402570,25984669,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,PixelatedGamer,I enjoy this game very much. I joined in the open beta and had a blast!I was a little sad I lost my unlocks on release however though I understand thats only fair.The gameplay is great quite a good concept.The graphics are really appealing and the art style is great!The characters are good and have personality.Overall this game is great and I highly recomend purchasing Atlas Reactor.
76561197999755416,Recommended,402570,30159508,Posted: 24 February,all,urrelles,"There is just no way to truly explain in words amazingness of this turned base combat system.--It is a 4 v 4 game.--Each player only uses one character with 5 moves.  1 move is a special ultimate.--Each turn, all players have 20 seconds to map out their moves.  You can see what your allies are doing (if you understand how their character plays).  You can coordinate your attack with your allies to perform combos.  For example.  One person can lay down a trap and another person can execute a knockback that throws the enemy into the trap for massive damage.--Each turn has a ""prep"" ""dash"" ""action"" phase.  Each move your character has will activate in one of those phases.  So all dashes happen before most attacks.  Basically they are dodges.  All preps before dashes.  so healers can heal during prep before their allies take damage.  It's a near perfect system with tons of fairness.--If you play with friends a lot you can voice chat and strategize combos on the spot.--the character have a ""Champions Online"" look and are extremely unique compared to other online PvP and Moba games.--There is an ingame story and events and special gamemodes coincide with the events.--THERE IS NO PAY TO WIN.--Barely any grind.--Characters are customizable, but the grind to get no abilities is not bad and the starting abilities are all very good.--EXTREMELY WELL BALANCED CHARACTERS.  OP characters practically non existant.  Everyone can get outplayed.This is just one of those games you must try to truly understand how much of a gem it is."
76561198071596671,Recommended,402570,29752711,Posted: 6 February,all,Ansatsu,"This game its the result of an orgie between XCOM, Ankama Games (Dofus/Wakfu), League Of Legends and Overwatch. Really enjoyable if you like this kind of turn based strategy games fused with a MOBA point of view (in my opinion)."
,Recommended,402570,23022845,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Groth,Nice to see good multiplayer with turn style play - great for the master tactician at heart.
76561198057690619,Recommended,402570,23028763,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Eurantien,"As someone who loves competitive PvP games and often dislikes turn-based games I found Atlas Reactor very enjoyable. The 20s time limit to make a Transistor style moveset of skills made the game feel just fast enough to keep me hooked. For a beta the game was incredibly balanced, more balanced than other games I've played even after years, and it's pretty cheap to boot. The only con was that by hovering over an enemies head you can see what skills they have available. My personal preference would be that enemy skills like that couldn't be seen, only teammates. I feel it removes a layer of skill ""knowing/predicting"" enemy cool downs and skill use. Simple enough to learn quickly yet offers a high skill cap for team-based play. Will be cool to see where this game goes and what other games will copy this seemingly guaranteed succesful genre."
,Recommended,402570,24383286,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Armorcommand,"This is, by far, one of my favorite games.  There are many multiplayer online battle-arena games, but where this differs is that it is TURN BASED.  This makes one's success in the game reliant on tactical thinking rather than quick clicking.Each character has completely different abilities and fills a different niche on the team.  Front liners tend to have short ranges but high hit points, wheras shooters tend to have good range but lower hit points.  In the middle are the supports, who serve primarily as healers.  There is a lot of joy in figuring out how to play each character.All abilities happen in one of three phases, then at the end the characters move.  During the prep phase, setup and buff abilities will trigger.  During the dash phase, characters who have 'evasive' moves will use these simultaneously.  This is important because during the next phase, the blast phase, everyone will attack.  Even if your hitpoints reach zero before your chance, your attack will still happen (it is considered simultaneous, but is resolved sequentially so everyone can keep track).  Finally, all survivors can move around on the map and set up for the next round.  You can even click another character to ""follow"" them to the best of your ability.Line of sight is a thing, as is cover.  There's various buffs and debuffs as well.  All in all, the team that best coordinates its efforts will score 5 kills first and be victorious!Seriously.......try this game.  It's a great one."
,Recommended,402570,25778564,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,The Juicy Dangler,"I like to describe this as a mixture of Overwatch (or any 'Hero' team-based game) and Frozen Synapse. And it takes the best elements from both and meshes them wonderfully into a game that is thematically great and tactically deep.I won't describe the gameplay here as others have done it already and there is a pretty good tutorial mode in the game.This game is great for just jumping in and blowing stuff up and is robust enough to be taken seriously for those who prefer a proper battle of tactical wits.The 'Freelancers' have a great mix of abilities, play with unique styles and are thematically strong (as evidenced by the launch trailer).I decided to test it out in the open beta and ended up playing for 40hrs+.10/10. If you're on the fence about buying this - go for it! It's a fantastic game."
,Recommended,402570,29949531,Posted: 15 February,all,CabbageStabber,Unique turn-based bluffing simulator whose appeal you would only understand once you try it yourself (and you should certainly do the latter).
,Recommended,402570,24345986,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,TnuocEht,"Very fun and very satisfying. Despite being turn based the time limits keep the action up, and you on the edge of your seat."
76561197967963487,Recommended,402570,25759928,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,poopbuddy,"A great and unique turn based multiplayer game.  I haven't played anything like it, and I'm addicted."
76561198005015735,Recommended,402570,25718135,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,Deutsch Schäfer,"Really good and original game.Had fun playing vs bots, had more fun playing vs ppl. It is well balanced and even in the stress test it didn't feel laggy.Good Work!"
76561198022803738,Recommended,402570,25963133,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Tytalus,Xcom meets Frozen Synapse as on online brawler.  How to do a turn based MOBA well.
,Recommended,402570,25931465,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Butt Stuff,"The game is one of the most unique things I have ever put my time into. Trion made a truly unique and high quality product. It's competitive, balanced, fast paced, and most of all, fun. Micro-transactions have 0 impact on gameplay."
76561197978822473,Recommended,402570,29902909,Posted: 13 February,all,BTK,Fast paced and really exciting game. I was always really interested in strategy games and turn based stuff so this mix is a delight.It develops its full potential if you play it with friends.This game is easy to learn but hard to master :)
76561198034711339,Recommended,402570,29709252,Posted: 4 February,all,Catrim,The first 10 games are rough... then you start to see the fun in the game.
,Recommended,402570,34876282,Posted: 10 September,all,Bloodyguy,"A really cool game that had a dubious business model when it launched (not sure what the case is now).I love the idea for the combat - it's not as complex as I'd like (at least it wasn't when I played, it could've changed) and I love the design even more: the ui is crisp clean and it's very easy to see what's happening.I definitely recommend checking it out, but don't spend money on it unless you really get into it."
76561198077263321,Recommended,402570,23034014,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Cadence_Qc,*Ring ring ring *-Brain.  Yes what you want-me. I wana play more Atlas reactor-Brain. But you have to go to work tomorow at 8am and its already 3 am-me. Just 1 game*10 game later*-Brain. f*** you m8-me. Get rekt sleep for P****10/10 will ruin my life whit a game addiction again
,Recommended,402570,23088518,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Mafu,"Make your move, the result will surprise you.Atlas Reactor is currently closed beta/early access, but its very fun and entertaining already.You choose 1 of 16 freelancers split in 3 categories > Tank, Damage Dealer and Support. More coming since its under development.Battles happen in Versus mode or Coop versus bots, Solo versus bots or solo Training. 3 Maps currently.Each charakter is unique and doesnt get boring easily, since they are customizable and depending on map, team and enemy team you need a different tactic to perform well.+ Performance = runs on (rotten) potatoes+ Good Graphics, specially charakter detail+ Gameplay is phenomenal if you like tactics/strategy games and love destroying your opponents+++++ Community, very friendly people, feels like an actual community, the dota crowd hasnt moved over yet.- Is under construction, more Freelancers, more maps, more player progression goals needed."
,Recommended,402570,23022562,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,nucky,"Atlas Reactor is definitely something different. It is confusing at first but each 'freelancer' has their own special unique abilities that really change up the game. There are three phrases in each round. Prep, which allows for freelancers to support and heal other allies, set traps etc. Dash which allows for freelances to latch onto enemies, or dash away from shots that will come in the blast phase. Blast which is where the majority of damage is lashed out with bombs and shots, and explosions and bites, etc.Atlas Reactor has kept me busy during this free weekend with quick 15 minute games that I feel could be longer. The matchmaking system has some improving to do as I get matched up with some of the best players in the game when I am brand new and noobish. The sensation of hitting an enemy where you didn't think they would be is a great one too. Guessing is a big part of the game and the late-game is where the suspense is at its fullest.I'd recommend it for $20. The other high-amount editions just include more skins so if you want to have those, you can. Can't wait to see when this game is completely finished."
,Recommended,402570,23025989,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Dyskord,"Up front: this is a niche game. It is complex, fairly unforgiving, and the learning curve is fairly steep. However, once you decipher how it works and learn to read the movements of your allies and predict the movements of your enemies, it quickly opens up into a refreshing, cerebral blend of chess and MOBA-like mechanics. Absolutely unique, and although it isnt for everybody, you will fall in love with it if you enjoy the tactics of chess, the teamwork of MOBAs, and the high stakes and pressure packed game of XCOM with a move timer"
,Recommended,402570,25583244,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Skyform,"Great game. Played 5 hours on standalone client. Redownloaded on Steam and played 28 hours on steam.Highly recommend if you like Turn Base ability combat. Lots of cool WTF moments and hilarious misplays.Game has a decent hero pool, plus they already have a roadmap for new maps, heroes, and game modes.That being said, if you are purely Free Mode, you will always be limited to the Free Rotation of Heroes. You can't buy them with in-game currency or unlock them via loot boxes.Game is worth $29( I paid $19 cause sale) imo since it gives you everything. All new heroes, ranked, custom matches, using in-game currency to buy cosmetics.Here is comparison of Free vs Full Game :https://www.atlasreactorgame.com/en/2016/08/free-mode-is-live/edited after seeing how freemode actually works."
,Recommended,402570,26235389,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Redsnowss,Extremely fun turn-based multiplayer game. The strategy elements of the game are phenomenal. The game is worth $10-20 and I recommend waiting for a sale imo.The free trial mode isn't half bad as well so it's easy to wait.
,Recommended,402570,23028610,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Kruzil,"Dear Developers,This game needs three things:1.) Depth2.) Advertising3.) Bigger communityYou're welcome, my bank account # is 670303355."
76561197994585644,Recommended,402570,25802531,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,MegaTiny,"Absolutely great. I was surprised at how well a tactics game works playing with strangers, but I haven't touched overwatch in a week."
,Recommended,402570,34809823,Posted: 8 September,all,Zeholipael,"I bought this game, back when it was first released as a buy-to-play title. I never really gave it a shot. Boy, am I an idiot.This game markets itself as XCOM meets Dota 2. I guess that would be correct. Except the only aspect of a typical MOBA to be found here is a wide range of characters to choose from.Having never played XCOM for more than an hour I can't make a fair comparison to that game, either.  However, I have played Aerena, Duelyst, and other Tactics games. This feels a lot like Aerena. But you don't know what I'm talking about, because that game is dead and nobody played it. So, basically, Aerena was a game where you built a team of characters with different stats and abilities and sent them to battle against another team in turn-based combat within a stage.Now, you take that, you give the characters more abilities (from 2 to 5) and you make it so instead of 1v1 with 4 characters per player it's 4v4 with 1 character per player. That is Atlas Reactor.ON TOP OF THAT, a new gamemode has been introduced with the latest patch that lets players play a more ""traditional"" mode where players duel 1v1 with 4 characters if they feel like having their brains explode. So if you're a 1v1 purist then this game will be even more challenging than usual.As far as I know, you unlock characters with both in-game and premium currencies but can purchase them all for a one-time payment, a la Smite.So basically, this game is awesome and you're dumb for not playing it."
,Recommended,402570,24383129,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,CryonicSuspension,"A fun, simultaneous-turn-based, 4 v 4 PVP game. Similar to the Frozen Synapse ( Mode 7 developer ) line of games ( think team based X-Com ). Very visionary game design.For casual or hardcore players. You can play against bots and vary the intelligence level ( 5 star bots versus 1 star bots ).I clocked 131 hours in 7 days, during the free week and bought the game. The developers are currently adding a Ranking system.The voice acting ( narration ) makes me laugh.Tips for noobs:- If you right click on a team mate or enemy, you automatically follow them each turn.- If you hold down the Alt key, you can see cooldowns.Edit:The game is introducing free mode on August 9th:https://www.atlasreactorgame.com/en/2016/08/bringing-free-mode-to-atlas-reactor/"
,Recommended,402570,25881354,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Gia`rồi nhưng vẫn ham chơi,"The best turn based MOBA game. Definitely I love XCOM and Dota2. This is the perfect combination for a leisure. Thanks guys, keep on good working. Maybe some more maps"
,Recommended,402570,25955579,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Br1ck,"Started out by trying the demo/free play mode. Took me 5 matches to realzie this was a fresh take on the whole team player vs player kinda games.Instead of being a blatant copy of other games they have tried something new and i love it. I should have expected this ebcause i used to play the xcom games until my keyboards died from playing to much.The game is competetive, really fun, not to long games and for the first time in ages im actually adding people to my friendslist ebcause people are helpful and non toxic!!Great game!"
,Recommended,402570,29444661,Posted: 23 January,all,1057,"Good fun game turn base game team game and f2p.  They went with a f2p LoL approach where you unlock heroes/ability from leveling up the characters, doing dalies/events.  You can buy skin unlocks/voice packs/etc/chars so you don't have to grind if you want.As for all the negative reviews, most of them are bullsht that has not come to this game.   It's pure drama/conjecture at best.  Until that happens there is no need to talk crap about a game or give it unfair review because of they ""THINK"" will happen into the ""FUTURE"".  Talk crap about it if it's crap.The irony of all the haters is if a game is fair and people call it p2win, the game loses players > in turn runs out of money to run the game so the company has two choices either make the game p2win or shut it down.  Then the haters just yak yak even more how they were right.TLDR:Good f2p game, don't listen to the haters yelling doom when its not."
,Recommended,402570,29728143,Posted: 5 February,all,Teremus,"Well done, Trion.Wasn't expecting very much, just looking for some turn-based entertainment. I got that and so much more out of Atlas Reactor. Excellent Match/Lancer customization, engaging and immersive graphics, unique characters, and a chess-like style of gameplay that I certainly didn't know I wanted.I look forward to the future of this game, please keep up the good work."
76561198034311367,Recommended,402570,29802659,Posted: 9 February,all,Valtimar,"So far so good, great turn based squad gameplay, itll be a great game if it stays this way and doesnt turn into a pay to win game. then we can all safely uninstall and move on. giv it a try if you enjoy turn based strategy and making the enemy look silly with your prowess... or making them look good, with your suicidal skills. havnt spent a dime yet but tempted to just to support the devs. community wise there will always be a few idiots saying inappropriate things. thats unavoidable. plenty of characters to choose from and sure to find someone with your playstyle. come one come all, the more the merrier. till we meet in battle friends."
,Recommended,402570,30297313,Posted: 3 March,all,brew,"Turn based Team(co-op) PvP or PvE tactics in 15-20 mins or less.  Many new game modes I need to re explore, the money for the game is cosmetic support or flair so no pay to win.  Play the game for free and eventually unlock everything basic, awesome idea.  This will be the next competitive game for years to come, join now and make new friends easily or play with bots either way.  :)  great dev support and PR."
76561198344868005,Recommended,402570,30134206,Posted: 23 February,all,rheaedward1,"i really injoy the game fun took a little time to learn controls but fun . would be cool to have charter back grounds , and a few new charters . but still great game"
76561198010925084,Recommended,402570,25916848,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Syte,"Short and sweet because nobody pays me for my time:Fun, easy to learn but enough depth to engage you. Terrible Tutorial, luckily game is easy enough to understand and the tutorial is short. Free version is better than buy-only model but leaves a lot to be desired.Gameplay makes up for business model flaws, queue times under 30 seconds are nice. Hopefully they pump out quality content as time goes on and consider altering their model and I'll be quite happy with it."
76561198040850854,Recommended,402570,29573820,Posted: 29 January,all,Thalimon,"I have been playing a lot of this for the past couple weeks. I am in love with it. I'm worry that Trion Worlds will ruin this, I'd played a lot of Defiance as well later in it's life, so this is a very big worry. Overall though, Take the core of the Remade XCom add League of legends and a paint job of Shadowrun Returns, but, if it was done by Disney. Honestly, if you're not into F2P games like LoL where the grind is REAL to get a character, then don't get it. If you're not into the Turn based Strategy aspect, Pass this by, but, if what i said made you interested, then by all means give it a try.Also of note, the community around this game isn't as cancer as League. The main chat is fairly inoffensive so, I'll give it another plus, for that. I say join us in the arena. Your freelancer awaits you."
76561198037818854,Recommended,402570,29573392,Posted: 29 January,all,TactitronX,Uniquely special multiplayer game. Kind of like a cross between X-Com and League of Legends but with more time to communicate and coordinate with your teammates - turn planning typically has a 20 second time limit.
76561197991567851,Recommended,402570,23411389,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Fixxed,"Portuguese and english reviewWhat an amazing game... I tried it for the weekend and was immediately hooked. It is unique. Intense, fast-paced matches that require strategic thinking instead of twitch reflexes.Think Xcom + lol or dota + pokemon.    So basically, you have champions you pick from, and all of them have QWER abilities specific to each + 3 generic spells that anyone can pick from (just like summoner spells in lol).What happens next, is a 4v4 strategic-intense elimination match. It is round based, so you pick your moves and proceed to the resolve phase, where everyone sees the result of their actions.  Its like deciding what you want to do in a board game and seeing everyone's decisions at the same time.Why is this fun? First of all, it aint slow at all... turns are damn fast and there is alllloooot to take notice. So in a way, it has the strategy thinking of starcraft with the positioning and prediction of Dota styled mobas.Trion world is experienced in online games and usually come up with cool unique ideas. The achievement system, skin system and things that you can work on here, are just increadible. It aint just about the battle, but growing your account, getting titles, frames, banners, different taunts, unlockable-achievement-based skins (something other games could use..)For its uniqueness amidst the ever growing, repetitive, generic mobas, this game is DEFINETLY worth it!PortugueseJogo muito bom e viciante. Unico, intenso, rapido e extremamente estratégico. Não precisa de reflexos ninjas ou 300 apm, pra ser mt bom aqui.Você escolhe um heroi (igual a dota e lol) que possui QWER e mais 3 habilidades genéricas (alá summoner spells) e parte pra uma arena que parece um jogo de tabuleiro.Você escolhe seus movimentos  e tem um tempo mttttt curto pra isso e ve o desenrolar da luta.Você tem que prevê aonde seu inimigo vai estar, se ele vai se mover ou ficar parado, se você vai ser atacado ou não, olhar seus cooldowns e o movimento dos seus amigos. Apesar de não precisar de reflexos rapidos, você irá precisar de um pensamento muito estratégico e veloz.Esse jogo com toda certeza, será um e-sport. Vale 100% o preço dele, não é pay to win e opera igual a Lol, com skins.Você ainda pode pegar títulos, fotos e skins com achievements.... Sim skins com achievements... algo que os demais mobas poderiam ter tb...9/10"
76561198093127255,Recommended,402570,26003258,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,Painted Pornography,"Make sure to note which version of the game people are playing when they leave their reviews, because if you're not looking to spend any money or are fine with the $30 base game reviews from the other won't be an accurate representation.As a free game, Atlas Reactor feels more like a demo than a full game. With a rotational hero roster and no way to unlock the other characters, the game definitly feels lackluster. However the full game offers you far more flexibility in that regard, and that is a huge chunk of what makes this game good: finding a character you're good with and expanding on them.The game overall does a good job with making satisfying puesdo turn-based strategy, and with a good team or friends some moments just feel perfect. Even clutch plays at the end feel incredibly satisfying, and you rarely feel cheated out of a victory if you lose.However, there are some flaw. The game is visually lacking on mid-range PCs and cluttered on smaller screens, which isn't a big deal but can hamper the experience sometimes. The chracters have neat backstories but there's nothing built into the game to expand upon them, the maps and skins really tell you nothing mor eabout the world or the characters, which is a shame because they have some great potential.But all of the above problems are just part of the experience. The game plays quite well most of the time, but my two biggest gripe is the lack of communication. Voice communication is limited through Discord, which isnt a big deal except there is no text communication to make up for it mid game. You can see your teammates' moves before they happen, but with only 20 seconds it can be difficult to adjust accordingly, especially if someone is trying an unexpected strategy.Overall, I do reccomend this game (the paid version), but if you're sceptical wait to buy it. The lack of refunds means you won't really have a trial period, and because the free version really isn't a great representation, you should do a fair bit of research to make sure you want to play this. But like the bigger reviers have said, if you like DOTA and you like XCOM, this game will satisfy you."
76561198023808792,Recommended,402570,26152197,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,ButtKraken,"Absolutely fantastic game if you are a fan of chess-like turn-based XCOM-ish strategy games. All the heroes are equally fun to play and they all feel very close in power. There are maybe a few heroes who might feel a little undertuned or overtuned, but once you get used to how all the different abilities interact you'll be able to beat anyone with anyone--and you'll feel so good when you beat a strong hero with a weak one.They just released Su-Ren, a hero that has the community divided. Her numbers are a little too high, but her playstyle is very different from the other supports which is great. Hopefuly Trion Games adjusts her numbers to balance her relative to the other supports, and hopefully they don't follow the trend of releasing strong heroes in order to get the F2P players to buy the latest and greatest every time.The game is even fun to play by yourself. Other games like Overwatch or League of Legends are awful to play by yourself. Barely anyone plays support or tanks in those games and they're all very selfish. So far, the community in this game is really good about asking random people to group up. The game encourages it with an experience boost. And, since it gives you a few seconds before making your move, communicating and coordinating with your teammates is a lot easier. I have not seen a game embrace and nurture teamwork as well as Atlas Reactor does in a very long time. It also does a really good job of making sure every class is fun to play. Any hero can outsmart any other hero when played correctly so the menial jobs of being the tank or the healer are still just as fun and sometimes even more fun to play than the DPS heroes your common plebs will gravitate towards.TLDR; It's F2P! You've got nothing to lose by trying it out! If you don't fall in love with the game after playing for a while come back and downvote my review--although I don't think many of you will because Atlas Reactor truly is a gem."
,Recommended,402570,26254434,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,R0@cH,"Currently have 96 hours in game. I first played this game during open beta, it took one day of playing for me to realise that this is a true gem, and I payed for it even though it was still free.I have dabbled around with some MOBA's (DOTA, HoTS, LoL etc...) and I am a big Xcom fan. Although I am not really a big MOBA player, (too point and clicky for me) I feel that Atlas Reactor is a great fit for my play style. I'm enamoured with it's focus on strategic desicion making, and tactical cohesion. The characters are fun and interesting and the game lore, although currently not substantial, seems to be slowly evolving and is being introduced into the game on it's own pace. The Cinematic(s) are pretty great, considering the devs are steadily pushing out updates and patches regularly and still have time to make neat little videos for us to watch in order to put some of the content into context, my hat is off to them for that. MAPS! There are currently aren't a lot of maps to choose from currently, but it is clear that devs are making an effort to fix that with the release of their most recent one bringing the tally up to.....4? something like that anyways since I have been playing this game there has been a steady trickle of new characters, fixes and maps,..... ok 1 map, we could use some more maps. Anyways it's evident that they are working to make the game better for us, not that it isn't a great game already, just that it will continue to grow in content and it's worth at least an install, if not a $30 one time payment.I can not comment on the current free to play version, since open beta didn't have rotating characters, and since I paid for it early (Founder status bruh :P) I have no idea what the actual release f2p is like. Hell i don't even remember if I paid the full $30 for it, but imo it's worth at least that. If you like Turn based, Team oriented combat, with great dev support and a mostly positive community then try this game, it's free anyways! and if you still like it after that, drop the $30 and show your support.  It's definitly something different and fun."
,Recommended,402570,26276558,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Sebasterbator,pretty damn fun and satisfying while not taking too long per turnwould recommend.
,Recommended,402570,23129789,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,OldProGamer,"Pretty fun game, a bit hard to get the hang of it the first few times in, stick with it a few rounds. Competitive co-op, what could be a better game concept than that? I played only one night but the fun caught me by surprised, im sure ill be booting this up for weeks to come, as always i will change my review as every new game can fool you for the first few hours of play :D"
76561198057067414,Recommended,402570,29156371,Posted: 9 January,all,GDadDan311,I love this game :) very fun and I have never played anything like it.  Also runs smoothly and is pleasing to the eyes!
,Recommended,402570,26126339,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,NewFoundAbility,"A team based version of Frozen Synapase's gameplay + MOBA-style classes and abilites.Simple, yet can overly complex if given enough time to see that well-time execution and placement matters a whole lot.Thankfully there is a F2P mode that allows everyone to try it before maybe spending a few bucks for the whole thing.There is no way to get more characters [freelancers] or play customs, ranked, or spend in-game money directly with FreeMode, you have to purchase the 29.99 All Freelancers Edition or the 59.99 one for that.Other than that, give it a try! It's tons of fun. :)"
,Recommended,402570,23378112,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,God Complex,"Do you like to play a game full of strategy and anticipation? If yes then this game is in deed for you. Atlas Reactor is a Turn Based Battle Arena where two teams of four go head to head to be the first to get 5 kills or the most within 17 turns. There are 3 different classifications for characters, you have Damage Dealers, Support, and Defenders (i forget the technical name for them) each character is unique in its own way and have a fun different style to play. I mean give it a try during free weekend, and if you like it, buy it. It can't hurt too bad."
,Recommended,402570,25859037,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,muckguppy,"Turbo Chess Team Brawler, awesome character designs and snappy soundtrack. Actually excellent quality all-round.Don't whine about the free to play, treat it as a demo.. the full game is worth it!"
,Recommended,402570,25886863,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Captain Toast,"Atlas Reactor 'Free Mode' accounts cannot do the following things:-Unlock or otherwise access heroes outside of the free rotation-Unlock items with ingame currency (or indeed even see ingame currency)-Open level-up loot crates at will (Restricted to 1 every 36 real-time hours)Atlas Reactor is an okay game, but by no means is it a free-to-play game. What it calls 'Free Mode' would be better classified as 'Demo Mode', because a demo is exactly what it is. Give it a try, because looking is free, but always be aware that touching costs extra.P.S. The exclusive special edition exclusive legendary exclusive gold premium exclusive golden skins are♥♥♥♥♥♥ Take that £80 (Over $100) Trion are asking for their gold-and-white meme skins and use it to buy food instead. Buy clothing. Buy other video games. Buy literally anything else. You deserve better."
,Recommended,402570,25912710,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Nievski,"Fantastic game that like others have said, is XCOM meets team brawler. The art style is enjoyable and definately like Overwatch in design. It also has some good humor (some of the taunts are excellent). The Characters all have unique styles and overall balance feels good where no character in particular feels overpowered, however there are a few that are harder to play than others and sometimes see less play in matches.Of note however is the F2P model...is only kinda sorta F2P. This is a game you should buy like any other (just at a $30 rather than $60 price) Think of the F2P as more of a free ""demo"" of a $30 game. There is no way to unlock freelancers... so a ""free"" account is stuck playing whatever freelancers are on rotation at the time. So be aware, you can still play and enjoy some games with friends or solo but it is more to see if you enjoy it enough to purchase.As the game expands and adds more Freelancers, maps and ranked play I feel it could have a bright future. It's also worth mentioning that your not forced to PvP. The Bot matches in this game can be enjoyable themselves and at harder difficulties are nothing to sneeze at.Bottom Line: It's an enjoyable game with nothing else like it currently out there. And at the end of the day it's only your time your losing to give it a spin with it's free mode."
,Recommended,402570,29405609,Posted: 21 January,all,Suuo,"Highly-tactical, fast-paced, and skill-based game that does not measure player-skill based on reaction time, and how quick you can click keys, but on how calculated and strategic you can be based on positioning, movement-skills, and timing.Mods and catalysts adds more variety to the table, which makes more freelancer builds possible. Switching between different loadouts is fun and also adds more replay-value to the game."
,Recommended,402570,30542855,Posted: 16 March,all,darkbbbbbbb,"If you are like me and aren't really into the turn based genre but is looking for something that is fun/rewarding and easy to play but has some deph, then oh boy you should try this one. I've been looking for a game that could hook me up for months and I finally found it. On a genre that I'm not familiar with.Play a couple games and see for youself. If you enjoy it I highly recommend you to buy the game, you can wait for a sale and buy ALL freelancers(Characters) forever with a couple bucks it's really woth it. Even new freelancers you are going to get it if you buy. So compare that to other games and you can imagine how great this deal is."
76561198023800203,Recommended,402570,29535648,Posted: 27 January,all,Kaisha,"Strategically deep and very well designed.  This game is truly original and unique, and a ton of fun if you like to engage your brain."
76561198073194337,Recommended,402570,25880116,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Batman Bin Suparman,"After 450+ hours of playing this game i can safely say I am hooked.  Please note this game is buy to play but it has a free 'demo' mode for those who like to try before they buy.  There are no buy to win elements to this game, everything purchasable is cosmetic only.The game itself is highly strategic with a strong focus on teamwork and outsmarting your opponents.  Typical games run less than 20-25 minutes so even the busiest players can easily fit a few games in per day.The developers themselves play the game and get involved in discussions and respond to feedback.This is the game to watch 2016."
76561198019044845,Recommended,402570,29412939,Posted: 21 January,all,Albinopapa,"The gameplay is pretty fun once you get the hang of it, the only complaint I have is the user interface takes some getting use to.  Just looking for something like a Menu button not a gear icon in the top right of the screen."
76561198351709161,Recommended,402570,29430037,Posted: 22 January,all,CrimSonPig91,the game is really good give it a go people
,Recommended,402570,29528271,Posted: 27 January,all,Diggory,"Really underrated game. Takes an hour or two to get used to the turn/phase system, and after that finding your favorite hero is a fun challenge. Free to play with hero rotation and every hero being unlockable with in game currency, so no complaints there. I was also greeted by the community with an ""unlock all heroes for a week"" redeem code. Game definitely draws inspiration from xcom, overwatch, borderlands (art style), and a few others. 8/10 great game."
,Recommended,402570,29533961,Posted: 27 January,all,Alphanosus,"I love this game, the only problem i see is that no one is using discord, other than that the game has an amazing feel to it, no matter i lose or win i still feel happy playing it, i am definetly seeing myself playing this non stop.I currently main Helio and i feel that he is the biggest game changing character in game."
76561198100318115,Recommended,402570,29534721,Posted: 27 January,all,fayeborn,"I haven't played a game like this in a long time. I am not sure what I expected. This game is well thought out, the Freelancers (characters) are fun and the pace is really fast for a turn based game. I knew by the end of my first 10 matches which free Freelancer I wanted to unlock and since then have been playing vatious ones to line up the second and third Freelancers for purchase with in-game $.If you like tactics, trying to think a move or two ahead (like chess) and fast-paced but very different gameplay, you should check this out. My favorite current Trion game by FAR.Also, they give people referral codes to give out to new players. It unlocks all Freelancers for 7 days. If you like this review - send me a msg and I'll send you my code. If you don't want to wait, there is code spam in the main chat channel every few minutes. Give it a try, the price is right and the fun is waiting."
76561198170194318,Recommended,402570,29944988,Posted: 15 February,all,Cheezlover21,"Really unique game.  Lots of fun.  Nice roster of colorful, fun characters full of personality.  Highly Recommend."
,Recommended,402570,29403119,Posted: 21 January,all,Mr. Yarrrrr,"If you were a fan of such games as Jagged edge, Fallout Tactics or the X-Com series then this game may be for you, co-op against bots or PvP in teams of four in a turn based arena, the game takes stylings from the likes of Borderlands with its Cel shaded graphics as you battle over 20 turns in the first team to get five kills.The game is fully free to play now, with 4 or 5 characters on a rotation that are intitally available to you, as you play you build flux which you can spend unlocking new characters from 3 branches (Firepower, Tank & Support) each with a different playstyle and different abilities, you also can unlock different skins and taunts and banners akin to the way they can be unlocked in Overwatch or Heroes of the Storm.Using a friend code can also unlock all characters for 7 days (mine is JLKE2PJPHDWKX3FKJ2YQ should you need one).Overall I'm certainly enjoying playing this game, the Developers seem to take a keen interest in the community even coming online on occasion to play with the community so I expect the game to evolve and improve over time, give it a go."
,Recommended,402570,29525119,Posted: 27 January,all,Bukaj,Its fun little game and with low system REQUIREMENTS (quad core and gtx 560)
76561198065304727,Recommended,402570,29530139,Posted: 27 January,all,Spiegz613,"This is the game i've always wanted to be made, but I never do. Heftily considering putting some $$ into it depending what features start coming for it. Having a blast in the meantime."
76561198039604708,Recommended,402570,29534091,Posted: 27 January,all,Cyber-zero,"This game is a 10/10 tactic game. Seriously, no character is overpowered or underpowered, it is fast paced, has an ever growing great numbers of characters and each has an unique gameplay and feel to it, has a cool and ever growing background lore that changes accordingly the choice and peformance of the players, you can win skins and unlock characters for free. I can't think of anything bad or lacking in this game, a true masterpiece."
,Recommended,402570,29949287,Posted: 15 February,all,Sapphire,"The game is awesome. I hope it won't just perish due to the lack of interest of the majority. It is quite unique and has an interesting feel to it, might not be powerful enough to compete with Overwatch or anything turnbased-esq, but surely can rip apart others."
,Recommended,402570,29559238,Posted: 29 January,all,nothgiel7,"Fun hero based strategy game. Everyones turn happens at the same time, so trying figure out what you are going to do while predicting what the enemy will do keeps things fast paced and interesting."
76561197971108678,Recommended,402570,29423971,Posted: 22 January,all,J0]{3R,Addictive! Entertaining! Funny!The smarter you are the more likely you're going to win!If you like MOBAs and XCOM you gonna love this!
,Recommended,402570,29534147,Posted: 27 January,all,Tovarisch Андрей,"This game is so much fun! I love playing with my friends. Easy to get into, fun to play."
,Recommended,402570,24266203,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Versync,Was extremely skeptical of this game at first but it really surprised me. Full marks 5/7!
76561197979648784,Recommended,402570,24223003,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,SolidSubstance,"Game essentially = FF Tactics x Yu-Gi-Oh*Note: I've only played the free week promotion, I have not yet purchased the game*Edit July 16th: I have decided to buy the game.I don't write reviews often (sorry for bad formatting), and its not as if I think this game is SO amazing that I feel inclined that I must write a review to promote it.  Writing this review is testament to my interest in seeing how this game will grow, because I think that this is a game with a great concept.Mechanics/Gameplay2 Teams of 4v4 on a Tiled map (no elevation, but there are structures blocking LoS).Each player controls a ""Freelancer""/champion/character, each character have a variety of skills""Freelancers"" are divided into 3 main types: Damage Dealers, Front Liner, and SupportWhen in game, turns are divided into 'phases', thus my Yu-Gi-Oh referenceNormal attacks have higher priority than normal movement, so attacks will hit the target then the target moves.To avoid getting hit, special movement skill have higher priority than normal attacks, so the character will move              first, so the attack will hopefull miss. (kind of like activating a trap card before the monster's attack since Traps have higher speed?)Goal of the game = First team to reach 5 kills or team with most kills at 20min winsStore/Ingame EconomySo far, if you've played League of Legends and/or Overwatch, the store is pretty much the same thing, you can buy skins and emotes for your characters.  I believe that all the special skins real money only, but there are some colour options that you can purchase in ingame currency.Whats holding me back from purchase?So far, I'm really liking the game; it is strategic but not too time consuming, it is not pay2win, and I simply like tile based strategy games.What's holding me back are a few things, but mainly is the population base.  Games like this require regular update of their character selection in my opinion, and if there aren't enough players, there won't be new content, and the game will slowly die.Second reason is, no surprise, Trion.  I've played both RIFT and Archage when it they were first released, I was not impressed with how Archage was managed.So I'm still on the fence about this game, but I really do wish this game the best of luck, as I would like to see this kind of game grow.  With that said, I really would say that this is a game distinct enough to be its own genre, just that this current game might not be as successful as the ones to hopefully come."
76561198023984988,Recommended,402570,26060265,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Perry Hawter,"Awesome game!I am not as quick as I was when I was younger and it's nice to play a pvp game where I don't get destroyed  because I don't have the fastest refelexes anymore.  This game is truly tactical.The graphics, sound, atmosphere, all-around production quality is very nice.  Character design is good. Nothing feels janky about it.  Only bug I have seen is pressing enter to chat doesn't work right (known issue being worked on).My interaction with other players has been pleasant; there aren't rude kids yelling at me if I make a mistake (like I experienced in LOL).Try out the free-mode to see if you like it before you buy it, but don't think that you can play it regularly without buying it.  Well worth the price tag in my opinion!"
,Recommended,402570,29403096,Posted: 21 January,all,raikovich,21.01.2017.I really like the game. Its buggy and grindy as hell but its a great chess like game. I hope to chess god that it wont go to ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ and become pay to win like some reviewers say it will. Highly recommended.
76561198064376953,Recommended,402570,26061224,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,w.lucas,"Excellent game!  I love PvP, but I am physicaly unable to play ""twitchy"" games, so this turn-based team fighting game is like heaven to me.   I could not be more in love with a game than I am with Atlas Reactor!Edit: I play through the Glyph interface, so my hours played does not even come close to my accual time played. (several hours every day)"
76561197999249481,Recommended,402570,29634854,Posted: 1 February,all,paesch,A fun fast pace Turn based strategy game.  Now I didnt really log 87.1 hrs i just had the game up but have had a chance to invest a good ammount into this game.  Its a lot of fun!  This game requires you to play in a chess like game with your teamates.  You will need to predict the enemy movements as well as work together as a team in order to win. I would higly recommend this game for any turn based stratgy lover
,Recommended,402570,29607695,Posted: 31 January,all,Mivvv,"A game that should be a proud representative of Turn-Based MOBA experience.This is a game, that I've been searching for since Hearthstone decided to RNG me to death.4v4 MOBA experience, with 20 seconds to think about your actions. Take cover, coordinate with your allies and watch the resolution of your decisions.Fast and fun game, which rewards strategic thinking. If you loved playing XCOM and you like the idea of less mouse clicky MOBA experience, this game is just for you.While I'm writing this, the game doesn't have pay-2-win content.Only in-game currency grinding, and with daily missions and chapter boosts. You can own any Freelancer at most 7 days (similar to League of Legends).After 10 games, you gain a token to unlock a freelancer permanently. Don't waste it on cheap freelancers. I currently own 3 freelancers and it feels more than enough.My blog review for it"
,Recommended,402570,26047702,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,NaClLick,"Okay first lets get one thing out of the way.This game is free to play, but not really. There is no advantage to buying other than access to all lancers all the time, and ability to open loot boxes with no timer.There is nothing remotely buy to win about this game. All loot boxes contain is cosmetics.Now that that is done, I love this game. So much. It has a play experience like no other, a layer of strategic thinking in multiplay that you can only get if xcom and dota had a child.This is THE game friends. If you like strategy, and PvP that can make you so salty its amazing, if you crave the experience that can make you double and triple guess every move and YELL in elation when a plan finally goes off without a hitch. There is NO other game.Try it out. Then buy it!"
,Recommended,402570,25959700,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,BryBry,I played this game up to level 50 during the beta! The wipe has me dismayed as I have to start from square one again. =/This game is loads of fun. The simultaneous turns make for loads of chaos in the beginning; but blossoms into hardcore bluffing after a few hours. (Hold down the alt key! You'll thank me later.)
76561198030801139,Recommended,402570,25959955,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,NOMAD,"Great Strategy game.  I'll leave it to others to elaborate, but if you are looking for a competive strategy game, this is it.Ignore the reviews dicussing the lack of a true F2P model.  You should want to pay for a quality game, instead of demanding it be free.  This is a quality game, if you are into /team-based strategy games."
,Recommended,402570,26199936,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Roags,"i grew up with FF:tactics and FF:Tadvanced, tactics ogre, and i love this game.  the game is ""free - to  - TRY"" no free to play, its more like if you are interested you can play without buying anything but if you want to invest then buy the game. imo worth it."
76561198043021884,Recommended,402570,26619663,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,theshanimal16,"I only have a few hours in this game, but i have no regrets buying the $30 verision.  This is a totally new kind of game for me (i play Overwatch, LoL, and diablo mainly on my PC and various FPS on consoles) and its great to load this game up and play a match or two a few times a day. Normal PvP games only last about 20mins or so (idk about ranked yet) so they are short and sweet and allows you to try diffrent game tactics.  I would reccomend getting this game with some friends because i tend to have more fun when playing with my friends, but i still have a good time playing solo.  Definitely download the free version, and if you like it, i would totally say buy the full game for the full expierience."
,Recommended,402570,26023919,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,AWuerth,All the bad reviews are because they just want a free game. Think of it more as a unlimited free demo. The game was so good it made me want the real version. If you like xcom style games the pvp is fun and unique. Worth seeing if you would want to buy it by playing the free demo.
,Recommended,402570,25977021,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,[S.C.] Rookie McGee,"Don't go in expecting a true ""free-to-play"" game, but for what's there it's a rather refreshing take on ""competitive"" multiplayer. The free-to-play aspect is really just a demo, and there are surprisingly no microtransactions for characters present in the game. Characters are varied; supports aren't all push-overs, tanks can do damage, and firepower characters will cost you the game every time due to their sheer incompetence. Overall, it's worth a try, and after a few days I'd say it's worth the 20-30 entry price for permenantly unlocking all of the characters."
,Recommended,402570,34860098,Posted: 10 September,all,Krista,"I wish more people played this game!It's refreshing to find a colorful multiplayer strategy game, but yeah... Not enough people play so queueing for ranked takes forever. :("
,Recommended,402570,24703535,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Xelrand,"If a 4 v 4 multi-player turn based tactics game sounds good then this game is worth trying out. Each turn plays out at about 30 seconds. It might take a couple rounds before it starts to grow on you, but the more I play it and understand what all the characters are capable of, the more I enjoy it. I think it's got a lot of character and enough depth to give the game a shot at being a real winner long-term (though it's already quite good.)"
76561198006178189,Recommended,402570,23011299,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,ZombieDolphin,iz good
76561197989243552,Recommended,402570,23028029,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Salty,Very fun and innovative game
,Recommended,402570,26091061,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,lufia22,"A very unique game. The more you play, the deeper you realize it is. Every character I've played so far has felt very unique.Many of the negative reviews are because the game doesn't have a traditional grind-to-unlock F2P model. The game is $30. Just try it. If you like it, then $30 is a steal for all current and future characters."
76561198006306074,Recommended,402570,26052382,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,A 6 Year Old With A Stand,It's fun.It's also very frustrating because you can clearly see what you should have done after the turn plays out.And that's what makes playing it so much more rewarding then most other arena games.
76561198020278722,Recommended,402570,24360900,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,flobbingmaster,"absolutely fantastic game, the games have a really nice length ranging mostly from 10-20 minutes.the system of everyone taking their turns at once in a short amount of time makes the game have almost no downtime in play, as even when turns are playing out you can be excited over plays and be planning out your next moves.mostly this game is about predicting your enemy by reading their cooldowns (mouse over an enemy to see all their cooldowns) and keeping track of their catalyst use to time big damage when they have nowhere to run.and with friends/communicating team members you can get some incredibly nice combos and team plays wiping out 1 or more enemies with well placed traps, cc and nukes. it really helps that you can see your teams actions in planning phase so you can act acccordingly, yet it still happens that people dodge heals or escape when the team was buffing them to stay in the heat.all this makes for some really nice, well balanced, fast and fun xcom like combat in small well designed arenas with plenty of trickery to be had.10/10 grey is best girl"
76561198324556993,Recommended,402570,25549605,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,MochaCamp,i love the game is awsome fun and everything in between
,Recommended,402570,26046550,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Casual Gamer,"Dota meets XCOM. Amazingly fun, until you get a Nix on your team."
76561198031139123,Recommended,402570,29499914,Posted: 26 January,all,ShamanJoe,"All characters have decent balance. No RNG, all about how well you think out your moves."
76561198030924920,Recommended,402570,29497782,Posted: 26 January,all,C3NTURION,"Love this game!Kudos to Trion for coming up with such a unique concept. If X-com, Heroes of the Storm, and Chess had a baby, this is what it would look like. Great character concepts to go with the truly unique take on the MOBA.I highly recommend trying this game if you like any of the 3 games I referenced above. My only knock is more of a wish than a complaint. The only mode currently is team deathmatch; I believe for the game to have some true longevity, it needs an objective based map or two."
,Recommended,402570,29595271,Posted: 30 January,all,Rusty,Dota 2 meets X-COM with a funny twist.
,Recommended,402570,29423801,Posted: 22 January,all,magras,"If you think that StarCraft is some sort of chess, but APM and multitasking aren't your strong side…If you like jukes, predictions, positioning and teamplay in League of Legends, but don't have enough micro to play on ADC…If you mastered risk management in XCOM and get bored…… you'll fall in love with this game.But there are some peculiarities.First of all, it's turn based game with 20 seconds limit per turn. Most new players (including me a few months ago) struggle with it. Later you'll accommodate, but still sometimes you'll find yourself getting out of time. This limits your ability to calculate all possibilities and make optimal move coordinated with teammates. IIRC this was deliberate design decision based on play tests. So this game requires a little bit different skill from xcom — ability to make the best decision in limited time. In xcom you playing against rng and AI patterns, and here — against time and enemy mind.Secondly, because of the time limit, you can't sit and read skill description during PvP match. So to play PvP you need to learn how every freelancer works (because you'll newer know against whom you'll be playing). That's why you forced to play a few games against bots before you allowed to play PvP. Of course, it isn't enough to fully understand what's going in a game. Yet sometimes even your opponents will explain your mistakes and how to avoid them (btw many thanks to people that do that).So I'd say that it's an awesome game with a pretty bad learning curve. But it is definitely worth it.PS My actual playtime should be probably around 300 hours, but I prefer to use glyph launcher to not know it. =)"
,Recommended,402570,29431409,Posted: 22 January,all,𝕷𝖊𝖝𝖉𝖗𝖎𝖝,Fun. Just play it and decide if you like it or not.
76561198048178092,Recommended,402570,29514754,Posted: 26 January,all,grimtalon,Shining Force + Chess + Speed + LSD . 9.5/10 Would launch a robotic dog at a kleptomaniac french woman again.
76561198131515734,Recommended,402570,29519863,Posted: 27 January,all,Yatol,"great game,  the community is pretty activethe unique idea of a Xcom style moba was a good idea"
,Recommended,402570,29529764,Posted: 27 January,all,Purple Flare,Totally worth my time
,Recommended,402570,29745335,Posted: 6 February,all,Dal,Intel Celeron N3050 @ 1.60 GHz - Intel HD Graphics8BG DDR3 L1TB HDD Toshiba MQ01ABD100Windows 10 64 bit 14393.6931 Generic PnP monitorGigabyte M6880XAppreciate.It's a gud game.I played the beta.
,Recommended,402570,29811817,Posted: 9 February,all,Ancient Pharah,Really enjoy after finishing a nice day.
,Recommended,402570,29862584,Posted: 11 February,all,Lumber,"Right now, it doesn't have Pay to Win features.It's worth a try.Wouldn't recommand if you got no friends."
76561198085621214,Recommended,402570,30062180,Posted: 20 February,all,MrDash,I really enjoy this game. It makes for a nice change from all the extremely fast paced games lately.Once you learn how to play the game is very intuitive and fluid. One of the better strategy games of late. :)
,Recommended,402570,29415254,Posted: 21 January,all,DrawnFlat,Really fun! fast paced TBS honestly din't think this type of thing would work but with ever ability meaning alot through the rounds it really does show that this type of game can work! totally worth atleast a try!
76561198122759598,Recommended,402570,29427102,Posted: 22 January,all,RTG | BroMontana,"Pretty awesome alternative to the mainstream moba's. Very competitive, great community and population, oh and Trion might run it but you would never know it. Its awesome."
76561197985106030,Recommended,402570,29522501,Posted: 27 January,all,BubbaGroove,"absolutely love it! fast paced, turn based, multiplayer strategy in xcom style. matchlength about 15 min. alot of ""freelancers"" (champions) to explore, learn and master. and its free!"
76561198143674801,Recommended,402570,29526366,Posted: 27 January,all,Jesus,Cool Game. Good job!
76561197987798601,Recommended,402570,29691197,Posted: 4 February,all,Stanley Ham,"This game is a hell lot of fun! The System is quite unique and very thought out. It develops a nice flow, making you think ""one more game"" after each round. The Freelancers (Heros/playable Characters) are well designed and divers - from the design standpoint, but also in regards of their gameplay. The number of maps gives the rounds more diversity, and its quite fun to figure out the perfect positioning for each freelancer in each map.And the developer did a great job in creating costumizations for characters and your profile. On top of that the ranked system and the season rewards give you tons of motivation to play on top of an allready amazing game."
,Recommended,402570,29512441,Posted: 26 January,all,ChammyChanga,"The tutorial explains coherently how the game works, and just from the tutorial and no other outside source i am able to pretty well understand. there are still a few mechanics which have left me bamboozled but those are usually on characters with higher difficulties."
,Recommended,402570,29519053,Posted: 27 January,all,HowDoUAim,"It's like 4v4 X-Com, but everyone plays just one character and plans their moves all at the same time, and you have Atlas Reactor. The roster size is decent and like a MOBA in that random characters are temporarily unlocked on a weekly basis, and you can permanently unlock with in-game currency or cash. You get a free character after 10 matches, and you earn the currency fairly quick at first as you level up.A few characters are quite expensive though, and unlocking the entire roster would take a long time as a free player. However there is a Practice Mode where you can test out any character, so you can choose a style you like best without having to wait months to test out every unlocked character.Overall it's a pretty fun game. There's a variety of characters and skills to keep you switching around. It feels pretty balanced as well, and the options are mostly based on playstyle. If you like running head-first into battles, pick a frontline/tank character. If you like to snipe from a distance, there are those too. If stealth is your thing, that is also a viable option. If the idea of a fast-paced online X-Com sounds appealing to you, download this game immediately."
76561197968811649,Recommended,402570,29684638,Posted: 3 February,all,Lord Snow,It's Free (not P2W). It's casual. It's fun. There is no reason to NOT at least try this game.
76561198060081966,Recommended,402570,29725640,Posted: 5 February,all,Catteni,turn based moba done in a way that the turns don't feel like they slow anything down but gives everyone a fair chance since it doesn;t rely on connection speed or split second aiming... you plan but plan fast or die hard...
76561198052320736,Recommended,402570,29746939,Posted: 6 February,all,Demaux Gamdom.com,"For free game it's absoluty amazing strategy game. Very hard but addictive. Worth trying, maybe you will like it!"
76561198082119546,Recommended,402570,29826758,Posted: 10 February,all,Jeanlema,"If you liked fire emblem, FF tactics or XCOM or whatever, THIS IS THE GAME FOR YOU !I'ts basicly a turn based pvp battle arena. They ways you used to play the turn based strategy games are now coming to online multiplayer. The characters are unique en the playstyle is quick. i've played over 80 hours and got to gold in ranked and still loving this game so far ! would reccomend to anyone who would like a lazy thinking game ! also nice to play normal pvp while watching a stream or an anime or something10/10 i'm lovin it !"
76561197987640133,Recommended,402570,29518607,Posted: 27 January,all,Harryolo,"If they work out some of the bugs, and don't turn this into pay 2 win, this game does have chance at e-sport scene. Competetive, strategic, and fun to play, but would recommend picking it up with friends, like any online game. It should be not problem though since it's f2p."
,Recommended,402570,29774130,Posted: 7 February,all,JordyAbsurd,"Very captivating game. Fun to play, hard to master"
76561198019863402,Recommended,402570,24471433,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,F1R37YNX,"This is a solid game. If you have liked any tactics games in the past then you will feel right at home here. Characters are well thought out and clean, graphics are top notch and the wins and losses feel deserved. I have been a huge MOBA fan for years but I think I have found my new nitch. I always hated how lacking of true tactics were in MOBAS and I have always loved the genre. This combines both into a deathmatch style brutal chess game.  10/10 would dash off of walls for a kill again."
,Recommended,402570,29807355,Posted: 9 February,all,ZLA.Ndot,Great
,Recommended,402570,29948050,Posted: 15 February,all,Keith,Good game. Reminds me of a cross between Final Fantasy Tactics and Overwatch.
76561197994710479,Recommended,402570,29425833,Posted: 22 January,all,JohnnyJay,"Something different for the Heroes battle arena scene (MOBAs), and im lovin it! Hopefully it gets more love from the gaming community, cause it deserves it :)"
,Recommended,402570,29512087,Posted: 26 January,all,mangotango123,its a great game download it
,Recommended,402570,29605587,Posted: 31 January,all,Ngoc,"Having played before when you had to pay for the game I didn't really stick around long as I only got into the free weekend, which at the time I didn't really feel it could be my new time consumer because of the few concerns I had.I've put in some solid hours in the past couple days and I think I've pretty much come to a conclusion on what I like about it so far which I'll briefly go through below:- Queue times - not an issue, probably one of if not the fastest I've experienced in online games, nor is latency as its turn based. Unless you're really dropping out so hard that you're unable to even take your turn.- Game play feels rewarding - Plenty to unlock through game time alone, and the Freelancers if you haven't bought in full access to them, I find the amount of currency you get just playing is at a good rate, not bad at all.- Balance - I feel is pretty solid, seen some good (insert Freelancer here), bad (insert Freelancer here), but I've yet to come out of a match where I feel it was pretty one sided because of any one factor.- Community - A lot of shenanigans going on in general chat but I've yet to come across a salty individual(s) in my matches which I can really get on board with. Yeah, it's probably unavoidable that'll happen at some stage but not having one in the amount of matches I've had seems like pretty good odds.Maps both look and feel nice, some characters have pretty cheesy one-liners but that's probably just a matter of opinion, but most importantly, to me - the game play feels satisfying, outwitting, thinking ahead, playing around your team/opponents, it feelsgoodman, even losing to an extent doesn't feel to gutting.I definitely see myself sinking more time into this quite happily, keen to see what's to come in future updates, but I also feel like it's still a bit too early to tell if things won't turn south rather quickly."
,Recommended,402570,29729162,Posted: 5 February,all,Liberation,"Been having a lot of fun with this game since it went free to play, and I haven't spent a dime on it.It's a sort of Borderlands attitude, and Frozen Synapse simultaneous turns with MOBA-style skill shots all rolled together.It looks like acquiring freelancers (characters to play with) is slow going without buying the game, but I'm content with the weekly free rotation.  I think it's a nice touch that the free rotation is different for each player, rather than every ""free"" player having the same heroes all the time."
76561197963958014,Recommended,402570,29433977,Posted: 22 January,all,Pass the butter,"This is a great turn based strategy shooter that plays a lot like the X-COM games but you need a lot more strategic thinking to get far. There's many chars to pick with very different and unique skills. The game is FTP atm and the hero's are on a rotation a lot like on hero's of the storm but you can also buy them with in game currency or real money just like hero's of the storm but this is not a MOBA!!! At level 4 or 5 you do get a free char unlock but the in game currency is not hard to make. PVP waiting time are reasonable or at least for me they have been I've not waited longer than 3-5 mins and you do have the option to pre group but not necessary. As the game discription says it fast paced and turns are only 20s and its first to 5 kills or 20 turns in deathmatch style game play. longest match ive had was 15 - 20 mins.So as it's free give it a shot you can't looseLook I've played on defiance ya it was great and then it went all down hill, ♥♥♥♥♥♥ & got board so spare me bleeding heart sob story about been let down. Trion are not the only company that do thisthere are loads of companies that micro transaction and let there games die. FFS im in my 30s and I've see hundrerds of game die and not all from bad patch content many die cos people get old, board and move on♥♥♥♥♥♥happens there is not always any one to blame. Yes fine trash trion but never the game or the devs they only do what they are told. And I would love to know how people think this game is p2w? You don't equip items or weapons and all char stats remain form level 1-max it's all about strategy. And it's not a BOBA that's a dirty word :p"
,Recommended,402570,29574672,Posted: 29 January,all,D4NC4K3,Its a lot more fun than it looks :D
,Recommended,402570,29741017,Posted: 6 February,all,FreakyPaws,"I'm not usually one for these kinds of games, but I REALLY enjoy this one!"
76561198301542416,Recommended,402570,29869647,Posted: 12 February,all,Mememan318,very good and i wood recommrnd it to  enyone how likes stratey games and temme wark
,Recommended,402570,25844304,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Proxie,"Always hated turned based games and never thought i would like one, it is such a good good and well made. LOVE IT"
76561198069508307,Recommended,402570,25876218,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Zombiefied,Nice game is fun
,Recommended,402570,24286758,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Purple Sock,I love this game! PuP is OP
,Recommended,402570,24351349,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Nholcrais,It's pretty refreshing and unique!
76561197970753292,Recommended,402570,24519032,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Talzor,Really interesting turn-based take on the MOBA genre. Game is still in it's infancy but plays great already. Hope to see this succeed and start a new subgenre.
76561198067330202,Recommended,402570,25892482,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,InsaneSeishiro,"There are many Games in the Moba-Genre, this is deffintly one of the most interesting ones, simply for the fact that it is turn based and in a Sci-Fi setting instead of the usually used fantasy ones.It is not really f2p, the free version is mostly just for trying the game out, but you can get all the freelancers for a reasonable price so it is deffinitly a fair businessmodell.If you have any interest in Mobas and turn based strategy games, you should deffinitly give this one a shot!"
76561197972823757,Recommended,402570,24242630,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Bazookatooth,Seriously enjoying this game.
,Recommended,402570,24538711,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Halko,So far its extremely fun and enjoyable to play when you can get a group that is at least semi competent.  Of course that is an issue with people and not a strike against the game.  Its a very fast paced and challenging turn based shooter.  If your having doubts on how a simultaneous turn concept can actually work dont worry and just try it.  It all works and is very simple to pick up.I just hope it gets the playerbase and recognition it deserves.  That and here is to hoping the devs can keep up the quality of the game as it ages.
,Recommended,402570,23394703,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Chrissy,"Spent 2 hours playing this with my friend and the time went by so fast and we didn't even realize how long time had gone because we played so many games. Good game, would definitely recommend to friends."
,Recommended,402570,25553486,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Ghost👻,"Imagine League of Legends, Xcom and maybe Fire Emblem got together got drunk and had a 3 way. This is the product and I love it."
,Recommended,402570,25930945,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Mozic,"A very unique and enjoyable game that appeals to me in similar ways to Frozen Synapse.  I would recommend treating their Free to Play model as a demo and buy their basic ""All Freelancers Edition"" for around $20.The game is held back by the art direction, writing, and voice acting - though fortunately there is an option to minimize these things by disabling the random chatter from characters. The UI also takes about a dozen matches to fully control.In spite of those two things, I have been enjoying my time with this game quite a lot. For a competitive game, the environment is very non-toxic (all chat is by default disabled), and the gameplay itself is well designed and very satisfying. I'm looking forward to a growth in hero variety and maps, though the Developers have already presented a very busy roadmap already between launch and the end of this year.In short, the concept is unique and well-executed enough that it's easy to overlook its cosmetic flaws. Strongly recommend at least downloading and playing a few matches to see if you like the flavor."
76561198188498762,Recommended,402570,29403906,Posted: 21 January,all,dad(dy),( JESUS CHRIST SWEET LORD THANKS YOU FOR THIS MIRACLE) Atlas Reactor is now f2p which I thought Trion didn't know what free means.10/10 just little grindy but solid game:D
,Recommended,402570,23440579,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Brigand Boy,"Well this game is surprising. I looked at the videos on this, and I wasn't terribly impressed. I'm not sure what it was, but if this hadn't been free for a weekend (around june 4th), I might have completely passed this by,  and that would have been a real shame because this game is amazing.There are enough characters, and they all play differently, such that you won't get bored with the game. Each character has it's own playstyle, it's own strengths and weaknesses, and each one can contribute to the game. I kept trying new characters and settled on Grey as one of my favorites so far.The gameplay itself is... hectic and very fun. Every turn happens at the same time, but in phases, so a lot of what the game is is predicting what the person you are fighting (or the person you are supporting) is likely to do. Just like any PvP game, there are going to be rounds where you simply get skunked, and then there will be stretches where you wipe the floor with every opponent. This isn't down to any RNG though, and that is really nice (because RNG in a game like this would drive me nuts). It's down to matchmaking and the decisions you and your team make in the match.The graphics are very nice. The characters take a short while to get used to (the cel-shading type of art seems odd at first, but looks really good in action). Sometimes during ""taunts"" the camera will go... ""somewhere else"" until the taunt is over... but other than that, the characters look superb, the levels are fun to look at and well-thought-out, the menu screen is (mostly) fun to look at, and there are plenty of customization options for your profile and for the character you choose to play.The music and sound are also superb. The music in specific is catchy and not too repetative (even after several hours of play, though this will be up to personal opinion), and the sound effects and voice acting are quite good. The voice acting in particular is full of humor, and each character has his or her (or its) own personality driven by this excellent voice acting.Finally, the pacing of the games is quite fast, so you won't be spending hours playing a single match. Matches generally take about 15-25 minutes a pop, give or take for overtime. For a ""turn based"" game, this is very quick without feeling rushed.My only complaints so far about the game (other than the camera during taunts) is that the skins for characters need to be unlocked with in-game currency, which is something you have to pay for, and that there is no post-battle chat. The cash shop thing is a light criticism though, since this is standard faire for games even remotely like this, and their prices seem to be fair. The post-battle chat simply not existing (as far as I could tell) is sad though, as even in my most salty of games in other pvp games, it was fun to meet people (who aren't jerks) and interact with my own team after a well-played match.That said, the short version? Buy the game. Get it for $20 if you can (which is a phenomenal price for this game) and enjoy the hell out of it. If you like pvp and you want something less intense than your run-of-the-mill MOBA or FPS, check this game out. You won't regret it."
,Recommended,402570,23414166,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Corvus Dementire,"Damn good. Loving the short ~15 min matches. The combat system is like nothing you've seen yet. Does comepletely away with % chance-to-hit RNG bullcrap you find in pretty much all popular PvP games, especially of the inspirations for this game - Dota/LoL and XCOM.Had a blast this free weekend, look at my game time. Never mind that it's in early access, the game at its core, is ready. Had some minor audio glitches, and that weird ragdoll mess after dying,In summary, will buy at full release. The game deserves all the fans it quietly gets."
,Recommended,402570,23414363,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Reapsie,Strong new concept done wellIt's balancedIt's funDont be put off if you think it will be too complicated. It's easy to play and hard to master.Lots of characters. Diverse.If this game gets regular updates it could go far!
,Recommended,402570,23429065,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,TheWiseCarrot,"I played the Beta, and I have to say it was pretty stable. I had no lag, no breaks, or hangs! That impressed me.The game itself is a turn base, but you really need to anticipate your enemies moves, and the timer makes you have to decide quickly. Furthermore, you have a good list of characters to choose from. Each has various ways you can use them. This is what really hook me."
,Recommended,402570,25972171,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Hen Commandments,Strategic turn & team based PvP along the lines of Xcom but with well made characters (none too dull or OTT).It isn't f2p but there is a free mode where you can try to see if it is your kind of game.
,Recommended,402570,30244638,Posted: 28 February,all,ThotWrangler,"Very interesting take on moba style games. easy to play, fun and also on free to play so whats to lose by trying it out."
,Recommended,402570,25974167,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,TheDapperTeaFox,"It's a new and refreshing game, with easy to lern mechanics and fast gameplay. My only beef with it is lackluster customization (2 recolored skins per freelancer) and the fact that trion did a realy bad job of implementing f2p demoish thing they try to do."
,Recommended,402570,26052842,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Anchorite,"This game is really fun.  Great for people like me who enjoy PvP, but don't have great twitch reactions.  The characters all feel unique but balanced.  Well worth buying so you can enjoy the full selection of freelancers."
76561197971445822,Recommended,402570,26079009,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Shady5B,"Wow. So far so good. I think I'm right around 30 or 40 hours in game, and it has been an absolute blast. I played the first 12 hours or so on the free version with the rotated heros, and that was all I needed to commit to buying in to the paid all heros pack. I think either way this game is great, as the playability is completely unaffected by which version you have.All that said, it is an awesome concept cross between a regular MOBA and the turn style play of XCom. The timing between moves is just enough to give a good sense of creating a tactical play, while short enough to create some stress, espescially if everyone is not on the same page. The current heros have enough differences in style and ability that every character has its own niche. It is easy to get in a game or two in twenty minutes and be able to get up and walk away. Conversely, it is easy to get sucked into playing for several hours on end, espescially with friends.Can't wait to see where they take this in the future."
76561198045619108,Recommended,402570,29762766,Posted: 7 February,all,Zaith,"Pretty much a blend of DotA and XCOM into one game, unique characters/strategy definitely recommend this title."
76561198066164782,Recommended,402570,33608955,Posted: 17 July,all,CaseyJone5,"absoultely love this game, have played it everyday for 7 months.if you've ever been a fan of mobas and/or tbs tactical games like xcom you really need to try this one."
,Recommended,402570,24712277,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,ŕάşţάмùғғίή,"Definetly a recommend for any fan of XCOM or turn based strategies. Put plenty of hours into this game and I am thoroughly enjoying it. The only problem I have is their current advertising model dillema. Trion Worlds has switched from Free to play, to Buy to play, and now they are introducing a ""Free mode"" which is basically quick-play restricted (No ranked or tourneys) and allowing free users to select their characters from a weekly ""Character pool"". While this will increase the playbase, I just cant help but think Trion Worlds is having trouble hooking players to either play or purchase their game.TL;DRDefinetly worth a try for anyone who appreciates XCOM or other turn-based strategies. Only downside is the playerbase, and the micro-transactions. (Skins can only be purchased with micro-transactions, and some skins can be achieved for free through ""Loot-matrixes"".)"
,Recommended,402570,26361287,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,[SNAX] Arctic Monkey,"Completely free to play!Do you like turn based tactics games and multiplayer? If so, this game is for you!Despite being a turn based game,you are very wrong if you think this game is boring!All players have only 20 seconds to decide what to do in a turn.Can you think and decide what to do in the turn fast enough to outplay your opponents?I have been playing this game for about 6-7 months since Beta andI have never played a game like this before. I'm having so much fun with it. The game has awesome developers working on it and the game keeps getting better and better with patches, new characters and features!Also,the community is great and very friendly!You will probably not have so much fun playing alone and you will not learn as much as you would about the game if you play with friends but, thanks to our great community,you can easily find someone to play with!If you want to be a part of the community joinDiscord - Atlas Reactor, this is what most players in this game use to communicate with each other.This game is getting serious and competitive too:Ranked mode now available and ESL tournaments with prize money involved!The game iscompletely free!You can unlock freelancers and ranked mode just by playing the game.I hope this review was useful for you and enough to make you want to try the game at least! I will leave some links below related to Atlas Reactor:Twitch - Atlas ReactorReddit - Atlas ReactorDiscord - Atlas ReactorESL- Atlas ReactorPrep Phase- Atlas Reactor (Competitive League)"
76561198276447528,Recommended,402570,23457636,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,ebiss,"Great turn based game really good in the sense that it makes you think fast, good characters I'm sure theres more maps and characters coming soon as it is early access but never the less one of the best early access games I've played. Need to fix a few bits with the grouping for pvp but other than that nearly no glitches or bugs at all. great game (y)"
76561197970507234,Recommended,402570,26004031,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,Ganak,"This game is excellent.   It has stregic depth, great characters and good pacing.  It really is an excellent mix of DOTA and XCOM.  Buy the full 30$ version and enjoy."
76561198101901041,Recommended,402570,26008704,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,Meowmix (Lyetrix),"Admittedly, I don't really play turn based tactics style games. But AR I fell in love with. It's pretty awesome and fun for the character designs, voice acting, and abilities that the charcaters can accomplish. The PVP can be relaxing even or super intenese and ranked of course is a whole new ballgame. I hope that you decide to give Atlas a try!"
76561198013107615,Recommended,402570,26215967,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Ghetto Power Ranger,After playing atlas reactor in free mode and putting in a decent amount of hours into the paid version of the game i can honestly say that this is a great game. Sure its not for everyone since it does require some time to fully understand the roles and mechanics of the many freelancer. But once you learn how to play it is one of the most satisfying games i have played in recent memory. After playing 2000 hours plus of mobas this is a fresh start for someone like me who enjoys the competitive nature of mobas and the hero roster. If you enjoy turn based strategy games and want a unique and colorful roster to learn and play with please buy this game. It has a great and positive community and is only growing bigger. I promise you wont be dissapointed for shelling out the 30 dollars to upgrade to the all freelancers edition of the game :)
,Recommended,402570,26102403,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Very Cute Panda,"I wanna get one missunderstanding right out of the way,the game was never meant to be a true f2p game.See the Freemode as a sort of Demo to check if you like the game, so dont get a wrong image of bad reviews by people who complain about the freemode.Now to my actual review -as of right now i completely recommend the game, it may not have tons and tons of content yet,but whats there is solid.I didnt run into any unbalanced character or any character feeling ""OP"" or anything, all characters can be combined with each other to unleash combos of abilities - teamwork is key here.Im looking forward to be playing alot more of it.peace~"
76561198091150932,Recommended,402570,26107131,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Finnwaltz,Promising game.Fun to play in its current state.Try it out its free.
76561198125432517,Recommended,402570,26212343,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,WolfBite,"If you like RTS, MOBA, Stratagy games then this will give you a new taste of the Combo-genre that I can only describe as such.Its a 4v4 fast paced, Turn-based combat. It has heros of all different skills and roles. Learning the Heroes and Villians is half the fun, learning how to counter them is the real battle.The game of cat-n-mouse and chess like game play will have you coming back for more and more. Cant wait to see how the Dev's take care of this game, I could see this opening up into a huge title with some additions to the roster to keep the game fresh."
,Recommended,402570,25987741,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Major Horrigan,"not a huge fan of the colorful style, but the game is very unique and should be fun for anyone who likes the idea of PvP Xcom meeting DotA"
76561198055146098,Recommended,402570,25987514,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Frozeni,"Feels like a mix of XCOM and the teamfights of most MOBA's, the free to play version is more of a ""demo"", it lets you play the game unlimited times and access PvP aswell, but you cannot unlock the heroes with ingame credit. (There is a rotation of heroes to play in free version every week, in the normal version you get every hero available)I wouldn't count that as pay to win, more like buy to play, after you have the full version there is nothing what affects actual gameplay what can be bought with money.If you like XCOM and would like to have the challenge of multiplayer with ""reading"" into what enemies will do next turns, i highly recommend you to try this out, its free to try ;)Updated: Since they made it completely free to play, go give it a try! :)"
,Recommended,402570,25848673,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Sailus,"Do you like X-Com?Do you like 4v4 PVP?Do you like how every character has different skills?Well, do I have a game for you!(There is also an Australian sounding sniper.)"
,Recommended,402570,25906374,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,anotherjoeyclaire,"Its like chess and league of legends had a wonderful baby.You got something good going on here...Dont mess this one up, trion ."
,Recommended,402570,25254210,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Budikah,"Atlas Reactor is a great new game with a player friendly transaction model.Take a fast paced, turn based game - which usually isn't the case. Mix it up with an interesting and customizable cast of characters, and you get Atlas Reactor.The game exists somewhere between a MOBA/Final Fantasy Tactics/XCom style gameplay.It's all done on a grid in a 4v4 arena with powerups scattered around. Each team takes their turns at once, 20 seconds for the entire team, and then the actions resolve. Abilities are considered Prep, Dash, or Blast and then ""Move"" in that order of resolution.For example,You start your turn, buff your damage in the Prep phase to lay a huge blast on the enemy. He chooses to use a dash ability which moves him out of the way before the Blast phase when you actually fire.The game has a ton of interplay and a high ceiling for teamplay.As for the economic model - the game is free to play with a changing cast of free to play characters each week. You can play for free forever and never be at a disadvantage - you cannot buy power at all. Only cosmetics.At first I assumed you would receive a currency per match which was used to buy characters. This is not the case. The free to play version is simply a limited version that allows you to play, but on their terms.Before release, the basic version of the game is $20 - it'll go up to $30 after release. A special package exists with more skins, but doesn't offer anything that will change the gameplay - just skins.So that's it - a nice little package of a game that is incredibly fast paced, requires tactics and teamwork, and isn't full of artificial P2W / F2P garbage.The downsides at the moment are minimal - mainly optimization which isn't too bad as the game is turn based, and then queue times can be a bit rough at first as the community and game is just starting out. That said, I'm still able to get games at 2am PST here in the USA, so it isn't too bad. Servers are likely global as well due to the turn based nature of the game.I hope to see more out of Atlas Reactor - it's a brilliant re-imagining of what would typically be a tabletop game into the PC game genre. A brilliant little offering from Trion who I haven't had much experience with previously."
76561198023053219,Recommended,402570,26104743,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Warfric,"Ok, I really love this game. 4v4 simultaneous turn PvP. Lots of variety. Addicting fun.To address the complaints about the pricing model, it is not really a free-to-play game. The pricing model is much more like Overwatch - Buy the game, get all characters unlocked now and in the future. The only additional costs after that are to pay for extra loot chests if you want - though you can earn those for free through gameplay as well - and those only give cosmetic items (skins, etc). The ""free to play"" mode is more of an extended demo mode.The price for the game is more than fair. Jump in and join the 'lancers."
,Recommended,402570,25312796,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,ArchangeL007,Love the game !!!
,Recommended,402570,25019237,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,TheWatcherUatu,"This game provides a pretty interesting diversion--matches are dynamic and surprising, rarely playing out in the same way twice. Match length is typically about 10 to 15 minutes, and rewards come frequently enough to make you say, ""Okay, just one more,"" until next thing you realize, it's three hours later.I don't do much in the way of competitive gaming, except as a side activity in some MMORPGs that I've played, and to be sure, what little I've played of MOBAs had me scratching my head, as I didn't find them fun at all and they seemed to have a high barrier to entry.Atlas Reactor piqued my interest, however, when the advertising invoked the name XCOM, since I love the turn-based strategy in that series. To be sure, actions play out pretty differently in this game to the way they play out in XCOM, largely because of the necessary reversal of movement and action on each turn, but it's still a reasonable comparison even if it only gives you a vague idea of what to expect.Anyway, I've had a lot of fun Beta testing this game, and as of right now, I haven't actually encountered any venomous manchildren. Occasionally somebody will get a little irked by poor play, but what I've found is that experienced players are usually willing to offer more guidance than incrimination. I suppose that's bound to change at some point, though, but maybe because the game is such a niche experience, a lot of the bad sorts won't notice we're having good clean fun over here.Fingers crossed."
76561197977363007,Recommended,402570,30716599,Posted: 24 March,all,BlueOrthodox,"Trion cranks out yet another one of my favorite games! Do yourself a favor: download it, play it."
76561198156541902,Recommended,402570,29506991,Posted: 26 January,all,Fritiof,Its fun? its not like any other multiplayer game really so. just try the game and see if you like it.
,Recommended,402570,29579039,Posted: 29 January,all,BDplaya | hellcase.com,AR is a combination of x-com + moba-like abilities that brings something fresh and new to the pvp scene. Try it the heroes (freelancers) are actually cool and fun.
,Recommended,402570,29624544,Posted: 1 February,all,Electryx ﾐ☯彡,turnbased overwatch!!
76561198014288145,Recommended,402570,26044776,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,evilphantom,"Great game, though it needs a couple of hours to really get the hang of it."
76561198013569566,Recommended,402570,29492022,Posted: 25 January,all,Fargrim,This game is the shnizz nozz for razzle dazzle.
76561198229923520,Recommended,402570,29494245,Posted: 25 January,all,Cube Boy,TIME KILLER
76561198043571930,Recommended,402570,29536121,Posted: 28 January,all,warubou522,Play as Titus.
76561198093042450,Recommended,402570,29956971,Posted: 15 February,all,TheInnersect,"This game is fantastic.  If you enjoy XCOM and PvP games, Atlas Reactor is for you.  It's a turn-based strategy game with some great characters and a lot of involvement from the dev team.  The way turns play out and the strategy and predictions involved keep you on your toes throughout an entire match."
,Recommended,402570,29450904,Posted: 23 January,all,NexusNow,"Very fun. Multiplayer, Team-Based, XCOM!"
,Recommended,402570,29498506,Posted: 26 January,all,developerx,A really nice f2p game
,Recommended,402570,29516353,Posted: 26 January,all,ВЕЧЕРИНКА,cool game
,Recommended,402570,29523479,Posted: 27 January,all,Last Naga Player,Good.. Chess game. Try it.
76561198064384370,Recommended,402570,29540128,Posted: 28 January,all,♰ John Wick ♰,really fun game and its free! give it a try
76561198033476237,Recommended,402570,30028688,Posted: 19 February,all,youngmatt10,"Cool concept- turn based herocentric gameplay. Not perfectly executed, but a fun game."
,Recommended,402570,25659496,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Easy (nCore),A metric ton of fun.
76561198103482230,Recommended,402570,29403508,Posted: 21 January,all,The Lorekeeper,"At first it's a little off-putting, but once you get used to it, the game is highly addicting. What I imagine a better looking WAKFU MOBA would look like. Great job on an awesome game devs. If possible, a spectator cam would be an awesome addition in a future patch :D"
,Recommended,402570,29407330,Posted: 21 January,all,willy919,really fun. fast paced. the sounds and everything is fun
76561197995038241,Recommended,402570,28264284,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,TheICE,"Atlas Reactor is one of the best games on steam, Unique Gameplay, Not Pay to Win at all, if you are looking for a fun game to play then Atlas Reactor is for you."
,Recommended,402570,29497479,Posted: 26 January,all,AhYew!,nice game btw
76561198332281556,Recommended,402570,29591607,Posted: 30 January,all,RottleBottle,Play it. play it now. do it.
76561198262659828,Recommended,402570,29959825,Posted: 16 February,all,Grey Owl,"Nice game. Not too hard to learn how to play.A relaxing mix between ''chess'' and moba.Since has become ftp the community is getting a little bit bad, still was expected tho.New ''freelancers'' (is how the champs are called) comes out once for month, more or less.Lacking more maps. There are only four atm.Un gran bel gioco. Non troppo complicato da imparare.Un mix tra ''scacchi'' e moba che riesce a rilassare e non annoiare.Ora che è diventato ftp la community è peggiorata un po, ma c'era da aspettarselo.Esce un ''freelancer'' (cosi chiamano i champion) più o meno ogni mese.La cosa che manca è qualche mappa in più. Attualmente sono solo quattro."
76561198041825778,Recommended,402570,29521695,Posted: 27 January,all,GiveMeYourMilk,I like it.
,Recommended,402570,29452058,Posted: 23 January,all,DragonWrecker,It pretty cool if you like shooters in a board game style?
76561198205306052,Recommended,402570,24459537,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,SilverSeraph,"Ok, so i'm using the free trial stuff here, but:This game is really amazing. for someone who generally sucks at tactical and moba's i didn't think i'd ever be good at this, but i was wrong.The only downside is that the community isn't very nice if you have a bad day, really toxic."
,Recommended,402570,29409669,Posted: 21 January,all,Thana,"This game is run by Trion. My only experience with them is Trove, not sure how legitimately bad they are but I don't see it going P2W.On to the review, then- this game is online turn-based combat done right. It's got a large and interesting roster of characters, and is well optimized. The gameplay gimmick (simultaneous movement) and game design really keeps things fast-paced and it's rewarding to see everything go to fruition (or not).A few other (major) props to this game- they give loot generously, including skins/taunts/etc. One case per level. In-game currency can be earned at a very reasonable pace- for comparison, it would take easily twice as long to unlock characters in LoL, depending on whom- if not several times more than that. 14 hours in I've already unlocked 2 freelancers (playable characters), and could have/can buy more, especially of the cheaper ones. The randomized free rotation for each player is another nice touch, as is unlocking all freelancers for a week when you claim someone referred you.The game is absolutely not P2W, and is very generous with loot. Absolutely reccomend."
76561198238161990,Recommended,402570,29478380,Posted: 25 January,all,Aerith,This game is honestly addicting. Very fun and takes teamwork to win. Ive never played a turn base game before and I enjoy this one. Would def recommend it if youre looking for a change of game thats fun. I just wish they had more maps.
,Recommended,402570,27486004,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Frousen,"Atlas Reactor is a child of Overwatch and Xcom. The combat is Xcom style, where you instead control only one character. Your abilities and dealt damage built up to your ultimate bar. The game has multiple heroes, or ""Freelancers"" in this case, and they all have different play styles and abilities to be aware of.Matches are pretty well phased and the balancing is great. Matches also don't take too long to finish.The game is basically pay to play, but you can also play a trial version with free heroes, but you cannot unlock heroes by playing.Overall a really fun and addicting game."
,Recommended,402570,29671245,Posted: 3 February,all,Rhinnox,"A very uniqe game that is rather difficult to get the hang of, but super rewarding when you do.Be prepared to swallow your pride and learn through lots of bot matches before you stand a chance in pvp"
76561198211378499,Recommended,402570,29844202,Posted: 11 February,all,BeautInside,"good game in generala good game to improve ability of english by communicating to foreign people :)here are advantages i thinkdynamic BGMgood game environmentsimplex game mode but never be bored with itthe disadvantages are no chinese ,pls add Chinese:p"
,Recommended,402570,29441130,Posted: 23 January,all,Arkcade,"This is a good game, i played about 4 hours (as of wrighting the review).The game is a fun MMO game that is a cross between Fire Emblem and XCOM.The match ques are also realy short, well if your in a group of 3.Pros:-Fun-Online Stratagy Game (Built like XCOM)-The game lowers you into it, with a rather long tutoral.Cons:-Rather harsh form of Micro transactions.-It takes awile to unlock Freelancers, but you get a free one after 10 games.Overall its fun to get friends together and play this game.8/10"
76561198130062563,Recommended,402570,29294410,Posted: 16 January,all,Korobii,awesome game
76561198357710379,Recommended,402570,29431375,Posted: 22 January,all,aaronwatson.a45,I am completely enjoying this game cant wait to drop some cash on it
76561198102725380,Recommended,402570,29432686,Posted: 22 January,all,Ulupong,Unique gameplay and nice Art
76561198118844604,Recommended,402570,29551190,Posted: 28 January,all,MERLIN THE WISE,It holds up. especially if ur tired of other mobas like lol dota smite Hots give this one a go
,Recommended,402570,29566941,Posted: 29 January,all,JToasty,Great game! Hope to see a big competitive scene kickoff soon.10/10
76561198034157948,Recommended,402570,29617993,Posted: 31 January,all,Kowalski,"Awsome way to make Moba game if you can call this moba game no items no lvlin just 4 vs 4 ppl  grate way to combine chess and Rts ,in a way, some bugs  must be corected but its grate game ."
,Recommended,402570,29657114,Posted: 2 February,all,delraith,"It's good, requires some fast tactics and coordination which can make for a bit of a learning curve, then there is every different champ for more learning curve.Play it if you like to learn, have some patience, and are okay with making mistakes. Once you get through figuring things out gameplay can be very rewarding.It's also just so dang hip."
76561198189508413,Recommended,402570,29411484,Posted: 21 January,all,Longtoke,"Its a MOBA, a turn based strategy game, a squad based x-com combat clone ( but done far better imho ), an action game, and has some RPG elements. Confusing i know, but it basically a mix of all those things that wierdly works. The combat is done on a basic flat plane, there is no elevation or depression in the terrain to take advatage from, but they do provide line of sight restrictions that lend itself well to the combat strategy.Theres a good mix of versatile ""heroes"" ( called freelancers in the game ), you have a weekly selection of them to use as you will, as you progress you can use the ingame currency to actually purchase them for keeps. The freelancers have a hand drawn Borderlands art style, with a certain comedic touch to boot. Watch the intro video, and you'll see what i mean.The game rounds themselves are rather quick and fast paced, even though its turn based. Everyone makes their moves in the same phase, then you sit back and watch the outcome, before then repeating. Once 20 turns have gone by or one team has 5 kills, the game round is over.The only gripes i'd have ??1 - Because of how unusually fast paced it is for a turn based game, you do spend alot of time loading compared to actually playing, but it somehow balances out well.2 - The freelancer selections are still minimal, with just 25 to choose from, across three groupings of firepower, frontline and support.3 - Though currently not pay to win and truely free to play, trion worlds ( the devs ) have a long history of making their games P2W eventually. I'd enjoy / buy it while you can, before they make such a move, hopefully they won't, but theres still fun to be had.Overall, its an unusual game, its true free to play though you can buy the game outright and avoid the grind to aquire the freelancers if you so choose. Its rather unusual blend of different games styles has been done very well, it may not be to your liking, but i do recommend at least trying it.7 / 10 - would buy if it had more freelancers."
,Recommended,402570,29418560,Posted: 22 January,all,Stealth,"I don't know any game like Atlas Reactor. It's a mix between the turn-based strategy of the XCom series and the mechanics of a fast-paced MOBA. The turns will be played simultaneously so there's not much time to waste. You need to think about your next actions, your positioning, your cooldowns, etc, while predicting the enemy's next moves.Now that Season 2 is drawing near I decided to delete my first review from back when AR was still in Early Access. The reason for this is the biggest and best change they could've made: Atlas Reactor is now fully F2P. You can still buy the three different editions but it's not necessary anymore to be able to choose freely between the Lancers (You could only play the free rotation).""Then why should I buy the packages?"" Well, it's nice to support the devs of a great game, right? Additionally you can unlock all the freelancers at once, get special cosmetic items and some in-game-money.Another thing that came with the F2P announcement is the dramatic drop of queue times. Sometimes you you'd have to wait up to 10 minutes to get in a game, because there weren't enough players. Now it's only around 30-50 secs.As a conclusion: Probably my Atlas Reactor review is the one review I changed the most, just because it developed in so many different ways. And after all these changes it always keeps looking better and better with Season 2 as it's current max. Lancers feel balanced and just right. It's Free-to-Play. It's great. Excited to see what the path ahead holds for us."
76561198136247508,Recommended,402570,29422272,Posted: 22 January,all,pokmen,its good game real much combo you can do so i say if you want free strategy game i say this game
76561198267689291,Recommended,402570,29435405,Posted: 22 January,all,BudD,"If you like some amazing tactical team base games you are going to love this.When first playing i had very low expectations as i thought it would be pay to win, I was wrongThis game is pretty fair as you work together to destroy the other team, earn currency that you cant buy with money!All of the currency has to be earned, meaning that there isnt alot of rich ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s buying all the♥♥♥♥♥♥Overall GET THIS GAME."
,Recommended,402570,29444590,Posted: 23 January,all,GloOmy PeaS,"Well, I thought this game will be boring as most Turn-Based games that I have played before so that why I didnt download it. But one day, I couldn't find any game to play because I'm sick of Dota 2, CS:GO, Kotk, etc... so I decided to try this game and I found it was doper than what I thought!"
76561198156738491,Recommended,402570,29446268,Posted: 23 January,all,IkkiLala,surprisingly entertaining
,Recommended,402570,29554315,Posted: 28 January,all,Zingeljig,such a good game. what had I not heared about this befor now.  do your self a favour and get it now
76561197970688150,Recommended,402570,29721920,Posted: 5 February,all,HysTriX,Battlechess at its finest.
76561198062815458,Recommended,402570,29775139,Posted: 7 February,all,Neraam,its pretty neat
,Recommended,402570,29834951,Posted: 10 February,all,keeferkaleb,"I downloaded the game wanting to hate it, because I suck at chess. These chess pieces, however, have guns. Early game, so the amount of content is a little small. But, like a beautiful tree, it will grow into a large object if given plenty of love and attention. Let's see where this can go people."
76561198004488372,Recommended,402570,34465726,Posted: 24 August,all,naucinous2,"Atlas Reactor is simply one of the best games I have played. Rarely have I played a game that fielded a cast of characters where each member feels unique and, perhaps more importantly, *viable*.  Subsituting the classic initiative/turn order method for the phase system avoids the frustration of ordering combos or feeling irrelevant. Prep-phase traps and Dash-phase mobility offers increased agency and meta-game decisionmaking lacking in many other turn-based games. 10/10 would recommend again."
,Recommended,402570,29570980,Posted: 29 January,all,stanTG,Surprisingly chilled for an action Tactics game.
76561198305343044,Recommended,402570,29444108,Posted: 23 January,all,Kane,Just.. wow. Best strategy game !
,Recommended,402570,29556873,Posted: 28 January,all,twin,Its a pretty fun game and relatively unique. I've been enjoying it for the past few hours. Breath of fresh air.
76561198067896653,Recommended,402570,29573194,Posted: 29 January,all,lanny200433,Amazing game... played alpha was waiting for it to come to steam tho i have to warn u this game is not for every one cause this game requires u to outwit your opponent like every other turn based game so if u think u have what it takes ..welcome to Atlas Rector...u wont be able to stop playing
,Recommended,402570,29601485,Posted: 31 January,all,Sephladaj,Really fun and free to play. Uses the LOL method of rotating free characters and use in game currency or cash to buy permanently
,Recommended,402570,26039457,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Chimera,"It combines the Xcom strategy with fast paced action orinted gameplay. This didn't sound fun at first, but once I started playing I really grew to love it. It has a ways to go but it's still fun,"
,Recommended,402570,25879069,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Mad MarX,Fantastic Xcom like strategy game.
,Recommended,402570,26971865,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,[CPC] Ephez,"A refreshing MOBA style mixed with some XCOM. Easy to learn difficult to master, this game is really what I search for a long time."
76561198070411395,Recommended,402570,26628431,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Jay.Sizzle,"tl;dr THIS GAME IS ADDICTING.--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------I like to think this game is like a really cool version of chess. When watching gameplays, you may think that this game looks too ""slow"" and ""boring"", but you really have to play the game in order to appreciate it. I, for one, am pretty damn addicted to this game, and if you decide to take the time to play and understand the game, you'll find that this game is not so slow, and hopefully not boring, haha. At the start, the game may look pretty confusing at first, but try to get past that. This game puts your brain to work and you really have to strategize with your teamates.The game can get crazy intense, and winning is super satisfying. Games are about 18 minutes long on average.Playing this game for free allows people to play 6 freelancers (characters) that will rotate every week, I believe. So TECHNICALLY you'll be able to play every freelancer.. eventually. However, you must purchase the game if you want to unlock every freelancer, and ranked matches won't be available unless you purchase the game. Custom games can also be made upon purchase.That being said, the game offers enough if you want to play for free, but I find myself deciding to spend the 30 dollars to unlock all the freelancers, ranked matches, and custom games. (Or hopefully this game goes on sale... maybe during a winter sale? PLEASE!)NOW FOR THE CONS:Several things I can think of that makes the game a bit discouraging to play:Since this game is quite new, I understand that the game is not fully optimized yet. So the game feels a bit laggy and buggy. However to me, it's not too bad, and I'm able to enjoy it pretty comfortably. The game is actually quite smooth for the most part.Also, the servers would have sudden crashes from time to time. In 2 days, I have gotten about 3 server crashes, and would be forced to exit out of the game, but I'm able to log right back on quickly after exiting out.Hopefully they fully optimize this game for a much smoother experience, but I definitely recommend giving this game a try."
76561198006055512,Recommended,402570,25430554,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Foho,"Unique, fun, fast turn forces quick decision making."
,Recommended,402570,29926693,Posted: 14 February,all,General Fox,Its good.
76561198004882255,Recommended,402570,26054706,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Britannicus,Perfect strategy game experience. I anticipate every dash phase with delight. Play this game!
76561197966592654,Recommended,402570,26336537,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,BananaHammock,"If you ever enjoyed Tactics Ogre or Final Fantasy, this game is right up your alley. In short it is a revival of the turn based tactical genre and a great addition for anyone who enjoys competitve mutiplayer games. I highly recommend the game for all stragety lovers. Most of the negative reviews seem be to related to the fact you have to buy the game (rather than free to play) moreso than the content of the game. You can however download and try a basic version of the game for free-- I did and shortly ended up purchasing."
,Recommended,402570,27055717,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Verlum,Great hidden gem.
76561197962436597,Recommended,402570,26324340,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Ranger Alpha.GCF,"Atlas reactor is a very novel multiplayer game that requires strategic thinking and teamwork.  Games are approximately 20 minutes long, which is long enough so that you don't feel jobbed by lucky hits, but is short enough that you don't have to commit too much time to it, unlike many MOBAs."
,Recommended,402570,27015921,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Rimey,"So, to begin with I am going to say that if you hate Trion and would not TRY the game because of that, you should probably throw that out of the window.Atlas reactor is a 4v4 simultaneous turn based battle arena. Players each get to control a single character and are required to work with their team to have 5 takedowns (kills) or have the most takedowns by 20 turns.Its a fresh sort of game which is hard to come by nowadays. It allows for players who are not very technical, but who are very smart and can outthink their opponents to shine. It has a very large learning skill ceiling, as moving a single unit differently could change the outcome of the game.It has a free to play COMPONENT (This is not a free to play game) that allows for people to trial the game, in which I seriously recommend doing so. It may take you 10 games before you get the hang of it, but it is definitely worth it."
76561198224901832,Recommended,402570,26454137,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Celio,"first of all, this is not a free to play its free to try, those that doesnt buy the game got limited access sfor example heroes (freelancer) on rotationthis game is a simultaneous turn base game in which you try to read the minds of your oponents, dont shoot where he is if he has a teleport or dashing skill on, try to predict where would he land and shoot there (most people dont get this concept)comunication between teammates is extremely important, and the dev include auto discord team chat for that (i have to admit this is awesome).the only downside i've experience so far is the lack of map/stage options, the iso cannot be bought directly (whats up with that devs?), and sometimes you crashed midgame and the recoonect doesnt work. but i think devs is doing as best as they can considering this is a new gameso all in all i highly recommend buying this game, because its simple (yes it is a simple game dont blame me or the devs for your lack of foresight and iq requires to be good in a game as simple as this), its fun especially if you play in groups, great character design and roles, not a pay to win game (im serious all you get from buying is purely cosmetics, mods are easy to get so thats no reason to be salty).i'll see you at the reactorPS: Evos rules, omni suck"
76561198004523975,Recommended,402570,26095316,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Manfred.Top [pApR],"The free to play version is very basic, you can only use heroes in the current rotation and can only open one level up loot box per day. Oh and ranked isn't available I guess, not a big deal for me personally though. Still, this game fills an empty spot for me. There aren't that many tactical, turn based multiplayer games out there. I'd definatly reccomend trying it."
76561197967809953,Recommended,402570,26057891,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Marduk,Tremendous fun!
76561198116873843,Recommended,402570,26059304,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Dr.Bender,Quite fun
76561198056582493,Recommended,402570,26150675,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,loveofchaos,The idea of a turn based 4v4 game seemed interesting from the getgo since I grew up liking strategy based games but havent played one in awhile. Atlas Reactor combines both strategic forethought with team dynamics in a colorful and entertaining way. The short match times are also a boon (long games end up stressing me out).
76561198031994802,Recommended,402570,26151238,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,DarkXuin,It's like a multiplayer FF tactics! I love it and coordinating team abilities is extreamly satisfying.
76561198006143841,Recommended,402570,29339764,Posted: 18 January,all,Zi,"Checkers had sex with a video game and had Atlas Reactor. The character diversity is nice, and with the new F2P update now you can unlock character by just playing the game. However, I do recommend buying the ""All Freelancers Pack"" as it gives you instant access to all characters, and futre ones, without having to grind to unlock them all. If you like games where you have to predict the enemies movement and formulate startegies on the fly, this is the one for you."
,Recommended,402570,29378714,Posted: 20 January,all,KamCastle,F'ing Awesome! Like a Hero Fighter meets chess........ And I Love Chess
76561198258613562,Recommended,402570,29448374,Posted: 23 January,all,straybugg00,its a good stradigy game with funny caractors with + the MLG!!!!!!
,Recommended,402570,26087765,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,SirPsychoMantis,"UPDATE Jan. 17 2017:  The devs listened to feedback and you can now buy Freelancers with a new in game currency.  Playing the game as a free-to-play player is possible now.Disclosure: I'm a sucker for turn-based strategy games.After playing Frozen Synapse, I have been looking for more great turn-based PvP games and Atlas Reactor hits all the right marks.  No RNG, all strategy and mindgames.Almost all the ""Not Recommended"" reviews complain about the pricing model rather than the gameplay.  Yes, the free mode is more of a trial than ""free-to-play"" in that you can never unlock new Freelancers, only use the free rotation.  If you look in the screenshots for the game the last one is the one detailing what free mode means.  There are no time restrictions; you can play the free mode as much as you like.Download the game, try it out, and buy it if you like it."
,Recommended,402570,28303684,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Budget Bender,"Constant updates and fixes? Check!Free limited demo? Check!Amazing characters that can match Overwatch's? Check!Fun? Check!Story? Che- Well, okay.A wonderful game indeed!"
,Recommended,402570,30130477,Posted: 23 February,all,Titanikas,Very good competitive game. And also free to play! Play it!
,Recommended,402570,29440754,Posted: 23 January,all,Mailamea,"XCOM MOBA, what can I say, FRIGGIN AWESOME!"
,Recommended,402570,26196804,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Great pass!,"First off, the hot thing seems to be complaining about how it's not F2P. It never claims to be F2P (except for the text on Steam that the dev can't change), it says that it has a Free Mode and that's exactly what it has. You can buy the game for $30 and you get all champions, rather than however hundreds of dollars it would cost to do the same in LoL. Ok? Ok.I've had a lot of fun with the game so far. Nobody seems to know what they're doing, including me, which is amusing. Play with friends for best results and hilarity - otherwise you're at the mercy of the usual gaming crowd of ragequitters, just the same as any other MOBA.The UX is really really nice. Graphics are clear, everything is color-coded, and the UI is pretty easy to figure out.Typically I'm not one for turn-based games, but these are ~15 second simultaneous turns; you're almost never waiting for other people. It's fantastic for cross-continent play because ping isn't an issue. Everything seems quite balanced (although powerups are pretty much♥♥♥♥♥♥.Each game lasts ~15 mins, a really ideal amount of time. No getting trapped into 40-min games like LoL.All in all I'm looking forward to getting better at the game and hope it does well. I haven't had this much fun playing with my friends on the other side of the Atlantic in a long time."
76561197988780745,Recommended,402570,26760078,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,AbUtrE,"The game is VERY fun, and it's not pay2 win at all. The restriction of free accounts is based on hero rotation, and that's it.The interface is friendly, and the animations fun to watch. Getting good at the game includes knowing the characters and antecipating you enemies' actions.One extra positive feedback worth mentioning: The game is so fast paced, trolls most of the time have no time to flame other players.Strongly recomended for Xcom fans."
76561198083899980,Recommended,402570,26759145,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Dragonblooden22,Truly amazing.
76561197983515327,Recommended,402570,28217522,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Cynosi,"A really nice strategy Game!My Recruit Key is: DF72CRQ7KJCT7GZFRKGFI will help and play wih you :DAnd with my Key, u will get a 7 - Day Full Acces Pass!Try it out and thank me later ;)"
,Recommended,402570,29339212,Posted: 18 January,all,GeNesys,"I bought the All Freelancers Pack on Steam but play and still play on Glyph since why would I need to go from steam to Glyph when I can go just through Glyph. So the review.Played the game since the early Alpha. I've seen this game change from F2P to P2P to P2P + Free Mode and now finally to Fully F2P. And I will say this to everyone who think this game is cancer, p2w, lame, or whatever, you can now stop reading this review because you won't like it because I'll say the real aspects of the game not some superficial nonsense you guys say everywhere.So the gameplay is great. Trion Worlds made a superb effort in making the game fun and reachable for everyone. Like every game it has minor visual bugs like flying dead bodies once or twice glitching themselves out of existence but nothing gamebraking.F2PThe game is now fully free to play. Which means you can get any Freelancer just by playing and gaining in-game currency(Flux). So I tested it out on my f2p account how hard it is to grind for flux if you are just a fresh new account. It took me less than a day to get 10k flux.... 10k. It was faster than I've expected. Freelancers cost from 10k to 50k flux. So most players will be able to get atleast a few of their favorite freelancers quite fast other onces will take some more time. Overall the f2p model of the game is top notch. For e.g.: Heroes of the Storm to get a hero takes(without taking in account lvl rewards) takes alot longer than in Atlas.Also there isn't at all any p2w mechanics in the game. Sure there are microtransactions which also give cosmetics nothing more.(It's used only to support the game for those who want some skins faster) Also skins can be gotten from lootmatrices from leveling up. So pretty much currently a great f2p than some other games out there.CommunitySometimes happens toxic players if you do something stupid. Sure noone is safe from that. But overall the Atlas community is incredibly friendly and helpfull(especially when giving their referral codes).GameplayA completely different way of playing a MOBA. If you played XCOM then you wil know how it is played +/-.I don't want to burden you all with big texts if I did already I'm sorry but if you don't even give this game a try you missout on such a great game which needs more love than it is given to and it's the most underrated game of 2016."
76561198019821550,Recommended,402570,29839172,Posted: 10 February,all,Zedd,"Atlas Reactor is literally genre breaking. Not only is it a one of a kind game, but it is also a one of a kind Development team. The Devs interact with the community on a daily basis and bring us livestreams at least once a week with multiple Devs on a panel all talking about upcoming changes and answering the questions people have for them. The game is young, which means it has room to grow and develop. I have played many games competitively, including Atlas Reactor, and I can honestly say I'm enjoying this competitive experience the most out of any game I have played. The beauty of Atlas Reactor is that ping and latency are non-issues. Players from both NA and EU all compete against each other not only on the Ranked ladder, but also in the Tournaments held for Atlas Reactor. I would highly recommend you try this game. It is F2P there is no P2W. Is League of Legends or Smite P2W? No. This falls under the same pay system as Smite. What do you have to lose? I personally stream this game and do my best to stay involved with the community and I can tell you that the community does lack something. An excessive amount of trolls! Glorious! So please come try Atlas Reactor out and let us, as a community, what you think :) see you in game!"
76561198068817924,Recommended,402570,30059400,Posted: 20 February,all,Nevermöre,"Never played a turn base game base before, but this one got my interest and it sure payed of. Very adicting game, very fun to play alone or whit friends, freelancers are pretty nice and unique. Really recomment to try it out."
,Recommended,402570,25897828,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Dark-Master Barbzilla,"So I was a bit hesitant to buy the game, and instead decided to try it first.  I haven't gotten a whole lot of time into the game yet, but after unlocking the other characters with the limited code, I have to say I love the game.  I will be purchasing this game and will write up a proper review once I do."
76561198286651152,Recommended,402570,25899714,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Noble Tarlito,Two games brought into a fun idea.Keep it up.
76561197970521558,Recommended,402570,25947020,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Jᵅᵞᴮᴿᴼ,Awesome tactical turn based simultaneous brawl thing. Pay 2 play system doesn't bother me like it seems to some others.
,Recommended,402570,25977389,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,DiablosDungeon,"Atlas Reactor is a fresh and unique tactical combat game that should appeal to fans of XCOM and other grid-like combat games.It's rare to see a PVP grid-style combat game that works with more than two players and isn't a tedious borefest to play, but this game does it. The 30 second timer per move will go by in a hurry, but even as a complete beginner I found that it was just barely enough time for me.I was a bit surprised by the negative comments for the F2P version so I decided to try it for myself. No problems for me, I think players expecting a LoL model may be a bit disappointed, as it seems to be following something more akin to Overwatch. Most of the loot box content is just cosmetic with no effect on the gameplay.There are however ""ability mods"" that are locked out for all characters. Thankfully, it does not take long to unlock these mods and those for each character can be unlocked relatively easily after just a few hours of playing that character.Overall, there are few turn-based multiplayer games that allow for more 2 players and that don't take an eternity. For that reason, Atlas Reactor is worth a run just for curiosity's sake. Thankfully the game is fun in its own right and the generous price point for the simple Freelancers edition won't break anyone's bank."
76561198011921356,Recommended,402570,26742610,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Xleon,♥♥♥♥ING ADDICTING! EPIC FUN
,Recommended,402570,28238385,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Muttano,Great for players who enjoy turn-based deathmatch strategy games. 9/10. <3
76561197970683570,Recommended,402570,26165293,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Maetco,"Ever since Frozen Synapse, I have felt that simultaneous turned based gameplay is the greatest multiplayer innovation of the decade. So I'm heavily biased to like any game that uses that mechanic.Atlas Reactor is kind of like Dark Extermination from Frozen Synapse with characters often seen in MOBAs on a grid and it's team based 4vs4 where each player controls one character instead of 1vs1 where the player controls the whole team. The game seems mainly well balanced and there is a nice amount of versatility in the characters and their abilities. Overall, the game is simply fun to play.Ps. Just to clarify, the game is closer to Frozen Synapse than LoL or Dota. So expect a lot of thinking, not so much clicking.Pss. The game and its pros and cons are very difficult to explain with text. Fortunately it is free to try so give it a go and see if you'll like it.Update 8.12.2016Adding a second game mode (Extraction) has made the game even more recommendable. The two modes feel clearly different and require quite different playstyles. A great addition to a good game."
76561198148598862,Recommended,402570,26775475,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,khunjuice,fun strategy game that you need to predict enermy movement
,Recommended,402570,29413292,Posted: 21 January,all,goka9696,"This is a great game.Imagine XCOM (firaxis one)Imagine that every soldier is controlled by a different playerThis is that game.Loads of fun with friends, alright alone. The only problem so far is a small playerbase. PvP games take 10 seconds - 2 minutes or even more to find, though it's faster when searching alone or with a full team. I also didn't like the grind (most characters are pretty expensive), but after seeing all the challenges I see that it might not be the issue. Played 10 hours or so and got 25 k or close to it already.So yeah, loads of fun, no reason not  to try. Also, devs are playing the game, I even saw some of them in the in-game chat, so if you got a question, you can ask them there."
76561198094854435,Recommended,402570,25977915,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,A.D.A.M.,"Ok, so this game is getting a lot of negative reviews, and I scrolled through a lot, so I found one main theme many of them had in common. ""Playing free doesn't give you access to everything"" So, if you're looking for a F2P MOBA like DOTA and LoL in Atlas? Look somewhere else, this game's free mode is a trial, as it says in the store page, ""Try Atlas Reactor for free,"" it never advertised itself to be a fully free game. The mistake is not with this game, it's with steam, this game shouldn't be under F2P. The free trial is a demo, the full game is around 30 bucks. That said, is it worth the thirty bucks? Certainly. The community is pretty good, the freelancers (heroes) are balanced very well, and the gameplay just feels so nice."
,Recommended,402570,26544968,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Kross,X-Com + Overwatch
,Recommended,402570,25857413,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,D3ATl-l,a game with huge potential. so addictive :)
,Recommended,402570,24321914,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Mazucio,"The game is absolutely amazing, the concept, the ideas, the heroes, the balance and pretty much everything, except in-game heroes talking lines and taunts, I really hate those ones lol. Other than that the game is spectacular. I'm not a fan of tatical turn based games myself but this really done a very well job in attracting me. After 1 day of open beta testing I bought it, so yeah. 10/10 would recommend :)"
76561198281970954,Recommended,402570,24469764,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,big_easy_2010,"Great Game! really enjoying it.The action timer seems short at first, but give it some time. Once you get used to the controls the pace of play is very nice.Also think about playing vs. bots when you first start - it extends the turn timer to allow you to get used to the controls and all the different moves available to you.great gameplay, highly recommended*edit*191 hours in and still enjoying the game - really got a lot of mileage out of this one :)"
76561198061491110,Recommended,402570,25869597,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,[UBGE] Teddy,"awesome game. requires strategy and teamwork. i love this art and theme. have charismatic characters. the game is B2P with a Free Mode to try, but worth buying."
,Recommended,402570,27255567,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,j4zz,"I think the game is best described as multiplayer XCOM. It's really strategic, and even though you might think of a turn-based combat experience as slow, you will soon reach a level where you experience the turns to be fast because you take more and more player actions into consideration when making your move. I didn't think that I would like this game so much and was very positively surprised."
76561198007007834,Recommended,402570,27255704,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,John Snow,A hero-focused multiplayer turn-based tactics game with simultaneous turns and bunch of colourful characters.
,Recommended,402570,28136502,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,someguy.,"If you like the idea of a PvP XCOM style game where turns are resolved simultaneously, give this game a shot."
76561198003631167,Recommended,402570,29098267,Posted: 7 January,all,Talibunny,"Great game thats fun to play at all levels of skill. I play with both new players and experienced. it provides the tactical plays of similar genres like MoBas but a much less toxic community, even playing with randoms is not painful. I dont write reviews but this deserves one. The only downside is that there are not massive amounts of players, but matchmaking is still extremely fast in most instances."
76561198361725054,Recommended,402570,29454836,Posted: 23 January,all,JustCatbug,"Excellent game. Highly unique but with some familiar elements you'll find in popular team based games out now. The real draw is the gameplay. Fast-paced, tactical, and addicting. If you enjoy any standard MOBA out right now and the the turned based tactical gameplay of XCOM (minus the chance to hit percentage). Then please give this a try!The gameplay is simple to learn and fun. I have been recommending this game to all my co-workers and friends! Great game, looking forward to it's future!"
76561198150606430,Recommended,402570,29507010,Posted: 26 January,all,coward,good
76561198354561485,Recommended,402570,29544140,Posted: 28 January,all,souliscat,awesome game
,Recommended,402570,29579191,Posted: 29 January,all,Doga csgoroll.com,pretty jeezin fun
76561198207090729,Recommended,402570,29591256,Posted: 30 January,all,[YBG]Jaeger,i liked the mechanics and character models
76561198275755044,Recommended,402570,29464244,Posted: 24 January,all,Loluses,This game is the best!
76561198263577105,Recommended,402570,29446055,Posted: 23 January,all,foxogan,awsome!!!
76561198303600505,Recommended,402570,29473054,Posted: 24 January,all,OverallRhino64,I've only played two hours but it's pretty good overall
76561198018083681,Recommended,402570,29509819,Posted: 26 January,all,Kroohpyyh,Turnbased rpg pvp
,Recommended,402570,29552607,Posted: 28 January,all,JinxPool,Turn Based Overwatch
76561198329613452,Recommended,402570,29691478,Posted: 4 February,all,MR.CANCER<3,super
,Recommended,402570,22969657,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,DonkeyWorld,"Atlas Reactor is a 4v4 arena deathmatch with a goal to kill 5 enemies before they do the same to you. (So yes, there is respawning.) Each character has a unique basic attack, 3 other moves typically with a multi-turn cooldown, 1 ultimate the fills up from using your moves, and then 3 non-character-specific one time use moves. Each turn you will use 1 ability and 1 move (or 2 moves). The other players will be making their moves simultaneously and everyone has 20 seconds each turnt o do so. Games are typically under 10 minutes.OK, so how well does this work? Pretty well. There are some UI improvements to be made, but all in all the pacing is excellent. Skillful play is rewarded. Like MOBAs, knowledge of the game and characters is extremely important. You can also somewhat customize the skills of your character which can help solidfy your strategy in a premade group. The characters are fairly unique and people will certainly get attached to particular 'freelancers'. There are only 18 characters right now so the roster needs to grow before launch. But the gameplay is more than solid. It's refreshing, it's unique, and it's well done.The biggest concern is the size of the playerbase. Right now queue times are fine, but $30 will be a steep price to pay when this game launches. I think this is worth $30 since the characters are all included (like Overwatch). However, it looks too much like a F2P game from the outside. And it's a unique concept which can sometimes find trouble taking hold. I think this game would do much better with a $20 price tag (like Rocket League). But I digress. The game is currently free for the weekend and while queue times are fine now, it's not exactly overflowing with players.So do I recommend this game? Yes. You should play it. It's a fun game that blends XCOM and MOBAs into a unique package with a couple twists. Is it worth $30? Well, that's always going to be subjective. But for me, the answer is yes as long as the population is there."
76561197992814694,Recommended,402570,27244282,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Binky Bomb,"TL;DR The best PvP game I have played in a long... possibly ever.I have played the original DotA, LoL, DotA 2, and HotS and I have never been much good in any of them. My reactions aren't usually that quick, and I don't have a crazy APM. This game is, however, different. Don't get its turn based gameplay fool you. It's super fast paced. You have 20 seconds to plan, communicate, anticipate, bluff, and execute! It can get crazy sometimes. When playing with three friends with voice comms, it's an absolute blast.I, also, like their business model. You pay a reasonable price ($30, which would get you like 3 or 4 characters in HotS), and you get all the characters forever. As far as I'm aware, you cannot buy them with in-game money and you are limited with the f2p circulation. This is probably the only complaint – it isn't fair to label this game as f2p.Finally, I'm yet to experience a toxic behavior. There is probably just not enough time for it :)"
,Recommended,402570,27414244,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,๖ۣۜFenway,"Great game, but a little misleading that it says Free-to-Play but it's more like Free-to-Try-Out.Important information, it has a Free Rotation of 6 characters per week, and you cannot purchase characters if you are not using real cash, like through steam, for example."
,Recommended,402570,27500896,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Fogel,"Really good if you like the thought of Xcom, multiplayer and time restriction per round."
76561198086134242,Recommended,402570,28015321,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,arcadia,A well made game with a fresh spin on the battle arena concept that has been floating around for a long time.
,Recommended,402570,29076243,Posted: 6 January,all,Slayman,"Fun game fast paced and free to play with some restrictions, can't wait till it goes on sale to pick it up!"
,Recommended,402570,29423962,Posted: 22 January,all,「 Eviler 」,Its good !
,Recommended,402570,29465034,Posted: 24 January,all,ImpSmurf,"This game is super fun, the heroes/freelancers are really unique and it is alot like X-COM..... AND I ♥♥♥♥IN LOVE X-COM"
76561197993692222,Recommended,402570,29472032,Posted: 24 January,all,Ong,Fun and Fast pace if you like turn base game this might be the thing for you.
,Recommended,402570,29472951,Posted: 24 January,all,Fire.Ant,"A surprising find! Never expected to even stumble here, but a Steam Pop Up Advertising managed to be just colorful enough for my boring mind to click and gosh, was that a good decision...It is way to short of a time spent in game yet for me to grade the game, but it already does a lot of things well. Mostly, the F2P model is /healthy/ - it's not paying for 'stronger' character or equipment or golden ammos or anything that give you a definitive edge in game. You mostly can buy skins, cosmetics, little tweaks and of course the characters themselves so you can always play one you like, no matter the free rotation.Game is FUN as HELL! It's fast, yet give enough time to communicate, strategize and execute cunning plans. It's a Turn Tactical Arena combat! A genre that as of late was mostly done by indie developers doing their indie little basement games! And bringing this tactical combat steps of a turn based, grid-placed arena into this frantic, short time limit, action packed, tight space combat is glorious.Trust me... If you're tired of flick/skill based games, when you need to have spotless accuracy and twitching to win but still want a game that is fast, fun and about blasting stuff, this is for you."
76561198131505131,Recommended,402570,29477466,Posted: 24 January,all,War Hammer,Very cool game love the turn based style. very cool abilities and nice game play very team based
,Recommended,402570,29536854,Posted: 28 January,all,msibrava,"It can a quick game to play one round -- or a time suck. Either way it's a fun game with plenty of goals to achieve and items to collect. It takes a moment to get the hang of the game play, but not to long to become an expert."
76561198125700427,Recommended,402570,29542250,Posted: 28 January,all,ElPenWeno,"the perfect combination of league of legends and xcom, sounds weird but the game is pretty cool.It would be better with the interface in Spanish"
,Recommended,402570,29545955,Posted: 28 January,all,CroatAxeMan,A beautiful blend of LoL/HotS and XCOM.
76561197960518307,Recommended,402570,29638827,Posted: 1 February,all,BuzZoiD,"I didn't expect much of this game when I watched some of the gameplay videos in it's early phase. But I tried it back during it's beta and I really like it. It's the only pvp game of it's kind with the turn-based gameplay. You don't need the reflexes and aim-awesomeness of a progamer like in most other competitive pvp games, it's far more ""slow"" in that case. But high tension is still on the spot when it comes to make many small decisions within the 20 seconds, which is unexpectedly a very short timelimit.This game is all about mindgames. Does he dash away? Or does he take the risk and try to kill you? Does he use his ultimate ability? The decisions will win or lose you a game. The positive thing is, through this system the games are very equal. I have very seldom games, which one team crushes the other. Everyone makes here and there a wrong decision, it's often a 50/50 chance. But that's the case in casual pvp games, I have no ranked experience yet. I can imagine it's far more tactical there.Well if you like XCOM, I'm sure you will like this too. All the other people should give it a try since it's for free and it has a quite fair economy-system. I have no experience with the other games by TRION, but in my opinion they did a good job with this one. I just hope that new maps are coming soon."
,Recommended,402570,29714523,Posted: 5 February,all,Al XA von Juice Jong Un Storm♒,Pretty good
76561198066328417,Recommended,402570,27871424,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Zetsukami,"It's free to play business model might be more or less just a demo, But the game itself is amazing and it carries itself well10/10 would wake everyone in my house up shouting because i predicted someone again"
,Recommended,402570,27992009,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Ethan Bradberry,Excellent game if you like turn based tactical combat like Xcom series and others. Definitely worth checking out since it's free.
76561198014275179,Recommended,402570,29245032,Posted: 14 January,all,Dub,"Very fun 4v4 pvp turn-based strategy game. Good variety between heroes, balanced gameplay, and no glaring bugs. Now that it's free to play - with new ""Freelancers"" (heroes) being able to be unlocked for free via gameplay - it's definitely worth a look."
76561198002365539,Recommended,402570,29408774,Posted: 21 January,all,Goiter,"This a brilliant mix between a hero shooter and turn based combat.It's addicting and unpredictable,due to the turns taking place at the same time,so you have to predict what and where your opponents will be doing and be.Highly recommended for any fans of games like Xcom,Overwatch and the like."
76561198041964569,Recommended,402570,29411860,Posted: 21 January,all,God-King Skovald,"Fast paced chess-like strategy game in which players control different ""Freelancers"" in a 4v4 gamemode. Pretty straightforward gameplay; Take cover, kill your enemies, don't die. However, theres a ton of depth to these matches, as you'll have to keep track of enemies escapes, abilities, powers and plan your next move to stay two steps ahead of the enemy. Games are quick and incredibly action packed, been having tons of fun with a group of friends.8/10 (Due to the somewhat limited size roster of heroes)"
76561198108830199,Recommended,402570,29420326,Posted: 22 January,all,Microsoft Office Excel,noice
,Recommended,402570,29452965,Posted: 23 January,all,Lose_To_Improve,"Surprisingly good.If you are a fan of Xcom, Fire Emblem and such, you are in for a treat, but its a lot more fast paced than the games I mentioned.The art style is quite a mix of overwatch with borderlands, it gives a carefree and fun look to the game.The only CON is that there is only one game mode, so it can get a bit repetitive."
76561198095733955,Recommended,402570,29477209,Posted: 24 January,all,Dietpancake,"Wow, really cool game. Hadn't heard about this game until it came out just a few days ago. Loads of fun, and PvP turn-based strategy is something I personally haven't seen before and didn't know I wanted until now."
76561198129488169,Recommended,402570,29538916,Posted: 28 January,all,svitav,"Great game, I play it all the time!!"
,Recommended,402570,29564851,Posted: 29 January,all,LNoeh,"i give 10/10, nice game and a good time spent!and yes it FREE TO PLAY EVEN SKINS YOU HAVE WITH INGAME MONEY!"
,Recommended,402570,29568803,Posted: 29 January,all,AlFackkA,"Pretty nice game. Reminds me Borderlands, Mirror's Edge. Unique gameplay. Actually not my style, but I recommend it.8/10"
,Recommended,402570,29573216,Posted: 29 January,all,IRMA : ^),I have no idea what is happening but it looks cool!
,Recommended,402570,29583107,Posted: 30 January,all,Birdee,"Tis Gud-Sincerely, Adobe Wan Kenobi"
76561198257546281,Recommended,402570,29640506,Posted: 1 February,all,NomNomz,i think its a fun game. took abit to learn the objects around and skills and even how the turn timer works. but so far im having fun. the only thing i dont like is how much money you get per a game an how much 1 hero cost...like holy♥♥♥♥♥♥i barly have 6k and i need almost 20k+ or even more for 1 hero...but there are daily quest that are easy to some part that i have seen so far. i give...roughly 8.5/10 u know what...BETTER ill give it a 9/10!!!
,Recommended,402570,27409644,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Angelican,"Nothing is as satisfying as playing a taunt as you make a hard read on someone's escape path and hit them, spot on.Right, Atlas Reactor is a simultaneous turn based team deathmatch like MOBA. Phew, that's a lot to say all at once- but yes, Atlas Reactor is ALL that.The game's rules are pretty simple, first to 5 kills before the 20th turn, wins.A variety of maps with different cover and powerup spawns help break the monotony of the same map over and over again.Game Mechanics :The game revolves around 4 phases: ""Prep"", ""Dash"", ""Blast"" and ""Move"".Players have around 20 seconds to make plan their moves before the phases above carry out sequentially.In the Prep phase, certain moves can be used before anything else, these are usually skills that heal or buff/debuff players.In the Dash phase, moves that displace either by teleportation or ""running"" will happen. These skills are usually used to either close the distance between yourself and the enemy, or used to dodge attacks if you think they are going to hit you in the Blast phase.In the Blast phase, all attacks will be carried out- moves that displace targets such as Big Bang will all happen at the same time after all normal attacks are completed.In the Move phase, players may reposition themselves if they wish, or they may choose not to move at all.Rating: 6/7As it stands now, this game plays wonderful. A few visual bugs here and there aren’t game breaking, just a little funny. However the UI does take a while to get used to- but once you do, be glad that it gives you as much information as it can without taking up too much space."
76561198121784024,Recommended,402570,29423782,Posted: 22 January,all,sage,"Just stared playing in Season 2, and it is much better than I expected it to be. Once you start out you get a tutorial, but that doesn't explain much, so if you have a good amount of patience and trail and error to see what character works and which ones dont it's a great game. It's like reinventing chess everything you do is going to play out the rest of the game either in your favor or the other team's, and every round only has a few seconds to plan out so you have to have quick thinking. Another thing I really enjoy about this game are the characters, there are a whole bunch of characters and they all play extremely different, some characters cost a lot of ingame money and a lot of real money if you dont wanna grind out for them. In total I would give the game a 8.5/10 it has fun mechanics and requires a good amount of thinking but if you want to get most of the cast you're kinda forced to pay money because it's hard to get currency and would take waaay to long, but good game either way."
,Recommended,402570,29445627,Posted: 23 January,all,Luis_Milla,"its a good round base game in the skin in Overwach but it feels more like Leage of Legends but wiht rounds.if you like round based game its a good place to star but its a bit over complicated, but the tutorials and help will help you get a good start."
76561198144382545,Recommended,402570,29484482,Posted: 25 January,all,SuddenAttack,"Super fun. Once you learn the basic mechanisms of this game, it becomes more fun"
76561198141486614,Recommended,402570,27789892,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,silver knyght,Super addictive pvp game without all the twitch of the fps'.  This game pushes my mind as hard as it pushes my fingers.
,Recommended,402570,29477662,Posted: 24 January,all,Yaman,Chess on drugs.
76561198048586238,Recommended,402570,29483117,Posted: 25 January,all,superfunkibey,"Having fun so far.  Maybe a little more variety in maps, maps with danger elements for example."
76561198142439217,Recommended,402570,29540953,Posted: 28 January,all,[HG]Rules of Nature,"I love this game.I always find myself coming back to it, and I dont even like stratagy games but this one is amazing.DOWNLOAD IT NOW"
76561198007652034,Recommended,402570,29551952,Posted: 28 January,all,Tk14;,"Fun, Strategy based, Free to play and no pay to win"
76561198280365293,Recommended,402570,29557272,Posted: 28 January,all,chickenbohemiannugget,dis gam goo
,Recommended,402570,29833325,Posted: 10 February,all,Itsaos,"Fun game, not like any other turn based games, not as slow as a usual turn based game."
,Recommended,402570,29557681,Posted: 28 January,all,HappyRaccoon,"Its plays out like a board game, but I've found this incredibly interesting. I wish the attacks were a little bit more cinematic ala Xcom attacks, but that doesn't detract from the overall gameplay. The sound design feels on point, and I find the world to be quite lively and interesting. Character modding allows some deeper than surface level gameplay that doesn't feel p2w. Plus with a 30$ b2p model its pretty reasonable. I could see myself sinking more hours into this."
76561198123032441,Recommended,402570,29954990,Posted: 15 February,all,TaeGrado,divertido
,Recommended,402570,29538771,Posted: 28 January,all,Fireslide,Surprisingly fun. XCOM crossed with Dota. Highly recommend it.
,Recommended,402570,29617127,Posted: 31 January,all,[mawb] buttcheeks,Perfect game to eat a burrito and play
76561198185535799,Recommended,402570,29423295,Posted: 22 January,all,Peminat Sejeong <3,"I'm not sure what people that never play turn-based game before are going to feel about this game, but as turn-based strategy fan, I think this is a perfect PvP/multiplayer game for me. It combines the feeling when playing XCOM with fast paced match that last only 20 turns or either team get 5 kills to make the game even more exciting.10/10"
,Recommended,402570,29435189,Posted: 22 January,all,CiOLAN,"chess, xcom flavour. gg"
,Recommended,402570,29255264,Posted: 14 January,all,Kenny,There's nothing else quite like Atlas Reactor. It's worth picking up if you want to try something new in the turn-based pvp strategy genre.
76561198251383944,Recommended,402570,29437683,Posted: 22 January,all,Oof gamdom.com,"Personally, I didn't become very committed to this game simply because I do not prefer these types of games, but for the short amount of time played I did have some fun. I would recommend this game to people who enjoy turn based games, but otherwise I was fairly indiffrent towards this game."
,Recommended,402570,29662871,Posted: 2 February,all,alph486,"I like the variety of champs and the customizations of each to make for a wide range of possibilities for competitive gameplay. I didn't think I would but the turn based gameplay is fun.Lots of potential for playing with friends, and good benefits for you if you invite some buddies to play (XP and loot). I like that many of the in game bonuses are a boon for your team too, helps kind of increase comradery and boost the community aspect.On the con side: I sometimes feel like the maps are sort of difficult to see / target in (at least for ranged champs). It gets pretty busy. I also wish there were a few more maps. The art is cool, but theres more they could do with that.So far so good! Look forward to playing with some friends and trying more champs. So far I only have played two."
76561198190341359,Recommended,402570,29666278,Posted: 3 February,all,Meight,"Good game, good characters, good gameplay 10/10"
76561198032927560,Recommended,402570,29679084,Posted: 3 February,all,Cthulhu 4 President,"X-com meets Dota. Fast turned strategy game multiplayer online, taht will make you feel like playing an action game of chess. Funny and challenging. So far a nice community and developers are making it an evolving living game, so try it and find for yourself a new way of playing chess : )"
76561198140974578,Recommended,402570,29436276,Posted: 22 January,all,Titan Returned,"Only played a few rounds so far, but loving every bit of it. I like the fact that it is a thrilling turn based strategy game."
,Recommended,402570,29435106,Posted: 22 January,all,Stone,"This game is very similar to Xcom. But with a small playerbase of roughly 3000-5000 players, it needs some time to grow. The game in itself is good and i would recommend you check it out :)"
76561198125715157,Recommended,402570,29688974,Posted: 4 February,all,tkiwik,Great f2p game to play with 1-3 friends.
76561198105660676,Recommended,402570,29432375,Posted: 22 January,all,❤ Sophia ❤,"Ok game, based around strategic thinking, i recommend getting a team for this as it may require a team effort for PVP, if you dont like turn based stratergies look away. Not my cup of tea however dont turn it down it is free, download and give it a try."
76561197967457834,Recommended,402570,27354945,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,SteveFromSpearSquad,Best new PvP game I have played. First to bring totally new mechanics in a while.
,Recommended,402570,26486765,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Spiratic,good if you have friends to play with. sadly most games i recommend to my friends (or buy) never play. so gg. great game all round though and highly recommend it to anyone wanting a good pvp strategy game.
,Recommended,402570,27727166,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Mr. J,"Not really into the turn based combat of most other games, but this 4v4 simultaneous turn based is pretty awesome, fun classes to play as, nice level and seasonal rewards, good community, quick play, plenty of games, to hop right into, good tutorial, an practice versus bots is great for trying out a new character, (they are smarter than you think),.. definitely gonna play more of this.  Recommend it for anyone to pick up and try."
76561198028068216,Recommended,402570,29009708,Posted: 4 January,all,Fr0zZy,"Awesome, fresh experience!"
76561198016569859,Recommended,402570,29475869,Posted: 24 January,all,Hawk,A free Xcom fast paced multiplayer?5/7
,Recommended,402570,29916780,Posted: 14 February,all,Genghis Khan,Mantap Jiwa ( Awesome game make me falling in love )
76561198020495651,Recommended,402570,26046270,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Brail,"An excellent game for those that love solid mechanical turn based combat but also enjoy playing a team based brawler game. A great selection of characters to play at each different both in their play style and personality. The game play is solid and works as intended, every turn is meaning full and every decision could mean victory or defeat. I recommend giving it a try and seeing if this is the game for yourself."
76561198009810107,Recommended,402570,29401675,Posted: 21 January,all,alvirdej,awesome free to play game
76561198335811142,Recommended,402570,29933076,Posted: 14 February,all,ingramebele,"Excellent game so far. I give it 3.5 Stars out of 5Pros:Innovative game for the RTS genreInteresting CharactersBalance seems greatPayment model is decent (to me, just treat it like a MOBA)Graphics are greatVoice actors are fittingCommunity is funnyCons:Lack of characters (to me)Maps feel too similarTeam Deathmatch is the only game mode I've seenNeeds more personal customization as far as skillsSummary of my experience: This is a free to play game published (or made) by Trion which makes people not want to play it. I assure you its well made and doesn't seem money hungry in principle. The reason I say this is because like Smite, you can buy all the characters for a price lower then a buy to play console game (which I prefer). However, I think they should have developed maybe 10 more characters before releasing the game, because they are diverse, but with the maps being so similar it just feels like every game is somewhat the same (which it definitely is NOT). If there aren't any other game modes then I would really enjoy them making some more. Overall its great, it feels like a type of Overwatch meets Battlenborn with its characters. The matches requires loads of strategy. And luck is such an interesting element of this game it tipped the scales of battle for myself or my opponenets. I've met some cool people in my short time of playing, so it should make for some great memories.I would definitely give this game a 5/5 once they have a character roster list reminiscent of Smite or some other Moba, because thats the selling point of games like this. Regardless, I recommend playing and supporting this game, so that other companies can draw inspiration from this revolutionary game. It truly is fun.Thanks for reading!"
76561198039712879,Recommended,402570,29591075,Posted: 30 January,all,MajorSaltt,"Did not expect all that much at first, but the game turned out to be really fun! Pretty dynamic for a turn-based game and has very unique style. The number of playable characters could be bigger, but you can't have everything at once, can you?"
76561198093884944,Recommended,402570,26022064,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,jasonalanjoyce,"So far, so good.I've played for a couple of hours now. (Don't trust time played. It stays open in the background apparently).Gameplay is tight and quick. Games last about 10-15 min. Perfect for quick sessions. The learning curve is fairly steep though. I would like to see what the enemy characters can do so I can plan accordingly. Other than that, if you like XCom and always wonder what it would be like if you could do pvp real time, get this game.P.S. Ignore the bad reviews. They are all the same. Whiney people complaining that they have to buy a game as if the developers live to give them free stuff."
76561198076536872,Recommended,402570,26082670,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Eeeen,"Great game, that is extremely tactical and strategic. If you like XCOM you'll like this. Don't listen to the people that say it's pay to win because it's not. The game has microtransactions, but they are all cosmetic. The only thing people are mad about is that they can't grind for weeks to buy the freelancers permanantly, which may be a little different than what people are used to, but it isn't game breaking. You can play the full game for free, with no reason to do micro transactions. The only real downside to the free version is that there is no ranked gameplay, but with over 100 hours into it, I still don't feel ready for ranked. So if you play enough to try to be ranked, I think it's safe to say you'd be getting your moneys worth."
,Recommended,402570,27146178,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,SNSDyay,Very enjoyable !
76561198052785934,Recommended,402570,26072366,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,kat,great game but buying all the freelancers is a must
76561198067883061,Recommended,402570,26082109,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,yugdabretsim,"A very interesting system, to be sure. I've had a lot of fun with the ""free to play"" version, but more on that in a minute.The characters are all endearing and pretty fun to play once you get a grasp of the core mechanics, which are a fresh take on... MOBAs? Not really. There are no ingame upgrades, and most building is done pre-game. There are some really interesting concepts going on here, and I'm really waiting to see what comes of it when the cast expands a bit.Which brings me to my main gripes. The cast is very small for this sort of game, weighing in at 5 supports, 5 tanks, and 9 DPS as of the time of this writing. If you are the type that likes switching characters and roles frequently, your interest will wane much faster than with other team based games. The core mechanics may carry the game for you, however.Lastly, this game isn't actually a FTP. The FTP model works more as a demo, really. This is fine as far as I'm concerned, but it should really be listed in the store as such.Additional plus, I'm running this on a potato and aside from the occasional framerate chug, I'm running it pretty fine."
,Recommended,402570,26635833,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,DONOTSENDCHAT,really fun game. love it. short fun matches to play with my friends with a very blanced game play
76561198043741643,Recommended,402570,26636155,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,That One Scrub,"So, Atlas is a pretty good game, and one I would reccomend to any PvP-focused strategy-lovers out there. Here are some things to consider:1) As of time of writing, the developers are very responsive and interact with the community a fair amount.2) Again, as of time of writing the community is fairly small, which can be a plus or a minus. You'll get to know some names if you play enough.3) Pretty good balance. No game is perfect, but the balance in this game is as good as PvP titans like DotA, despite its young age.4) Engaging turn-to-turn decisions and prediction-based core gameplay. If you like the idea of getting into your opponents' heads to try to think one step ahead, you'll like this game.5) Relatively few ways to play. There's a Co-op vs bots mode, and PvP (ranked or unranked.) That's it. The core gameplay is good, but if you're the kind of gamer that constantly needs new experiences to enjoy a game, this isn't for you. It's very much like other PvP-focused games in that way: you're essentially doing permutations of the same thing, so if you see it getting old for you quickly, it's not for you. If you enjoy MOBAs or TCGs or even online shooters to an extent though, you're already used to this and you'll be fine.All in all, I reccomend this game to anyone interested in the idea of a turn-based arena."
,Recommended,402570,27116231,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Artyom,pretty fun and unique game and also very addicting
,Recommended,402570,29488926,Posted: 25 January,all,ViperTheShadow,Amazing game !!!! 10/10
,Recommended,402570,25290254,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Karas,"Turn based strategy? Well that sounds like it's right up my street.It is no surprise that I'm enjoying this game. It's like Xcom meets Advance Wars with a little MOBA thrown in. There's nothing to dislike about this title so far. I've only played a few games but met some good people from the community who are so helpful and are very patient with new players.The learning curve isn't too steep. There's a lot to learn, biut it's not completely unforgiving and doesn't throw everything at you at once and being able to play against AI bots is great for learning.For Early Access I can't find any flaws with this game yet. No doubt I'll update this when I've played some more but so far I don't want to play anything else."
76561198153372836,Recommended,402570,25331527,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,zackypooh,"Just started playing this game really enjoy it and highly recommend it. would give it an 8/10.It has a loot crate  system like in overwatch, you get them from lvling up and for daily missions, they contain cosmetics like skins and really cool emotes. The emotes are like cut scenes before your character or ""freelacer"" attacks. Supports are actually fun and each plays differently, some heal,others debuff, another shields and others still disrupt. There are also ults that charge from doing damage and taking damage. The player V.S ai or bot games are well programed and can get harder then any pvp match Ive had yet.  The game has a nice pace and you should give it a try :D"
76561198055445330,Recommended,402570,29409691,Posted: 21 January,all,Bowfyre,Fantastic game. A MOBA version of xcom.
,Recommended,402570,24494703,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Ineptie,"I was very surprised of how good this game is.It plays a little bit like Frozen Synapse, but instead of fighting alone vs an AI you play with a team of players, versus a team of players.It also has some kind of a MOBA feel, with freelancers (characters) being uniques and having their own set of skills.An habitual game is around 20 minutes long, and it's great to play for the fun.For those of you more E-sport inclined there also is a player-driven league (ask google for prepphase league) with a 1k $ prize pool going on atm.Also the game is free for now, so just give it a try."
76561198051141289,Not Recommended,402570,29470039,Posted: 24 January,all,Riggnarok,"Not a bad game by any Standard atm. As long as they do not Butcher the gameplay and add new maps & heroes {Looking forward to seeing as many frontline and support as blast class.} The one thing I fear in all these f2p games is the companies tend to lean towards straight greed freemium tactics.As long as the core does not change of the game I do Recommend anyone that liked xcom to give this game a tryA minor but big annoyance is if you play for free be prepared for the steam store to open to the game Every time the game closes, When a dev was asked about them fixing this, they said and I quote ""There is a discussion on this."" A discussion is not a fix devs seriously...Another thing they should fix is when you play for free I have noticed that when you choose a popular lancer like say Lockwood and lock him in. In most cases when you get into a match you will get the message ""This Freelancer has been claimed,"" and be forced to switch."
,Recommended,402570,27968285,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,JLaze Coconut,"If you combined Borderland 2's graphics, XCom's gameplay and added the Team based gameplay of a Moba or Team shooter, Atlas Reactor is what you'd get. The only con I really have is that the UI needs some work."
76561197976408007,Recommended,402570,27930940,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Pokémon Trainer Gary Oak,Overall a very great tactical game. Basically a mixture of XCom and Overwatch. Just really not enough marketing
,Recommended,402570,29613923,Posted: 31 January,all,DingDangDoom,"If you are a fan of tactics rpgs and pvp, this is the game for oyu.  I cant believe a game like this hasnt been made sooner.  Everyone should try it at least once.  Great reward system, and very fun gameplay!  Another great game by Trion."
76561198008299529,Recommended,402570,30047601,Posted: 19 February,all,Lerkin 4A Merkin,"Great game. Loads of content, even in free play mode"
,Recommended,402570,29554554,Posted: 28 January,all,BrooD™,Pretty good turn based multiplayer game.
,Recommended,402570,31477493,Posted: 30 April,all,AsianCatFarm,"Game is fun, but has a steep learning curve.There are constant freelancer updates, and the game it self is very enjoyable in multiplayer.Single player vs bots is quite dull, but that is not the main focus of the game, regardless, it is a free game. No harm in trying it out first."
76561198124960381,Recommended,402570,29440895,Posted: 23 January,all,Himo,game is pretty if u have bad internet and ur sick of lag this turn based game wouldn't require the best internet but altho if u can run it or not its kinda heavy but at lowest setting its liek meduim idk i have a low end budget gaming laptop but it works great for me it could be a but complicated with all the moves and stuffs i wish if they could add special potrait for evey hero ability and add diffrent colors when other teammates aim their abilitys insted of having all regular blue and losing where u put ur aim at 7/10
76561198030202865,Recommended,402570,29730695,Posted: 5 February,all,system32,Rage inducing with a non functioning team but great with people who communicate and friends in general! Easy to learn but hard to master and a lot of replayability!
76561198078540620,Recommended,402570,30174681,Posted: 25 February,all,karpovcz,"This is one nice little simultaneous turn tactical game.As ""flash"" game it is nicely executed and well designed. It is designed well enough to be played as sport, but that will IMHO never materialize. As long term multiplayer hobby, it is just too limited in variety. It seems Trion sees it the same way, as you can buy it all early, while still interested.Biggest drawback (by design) is that there is too much time spent watching compared to time spent interacting."
76561198040743165,Recommended,402570,29636273,Posted: 1 February,all,sqwidee,"Atlas Reactor pretty much does everything right, given what it is. The game is a 4v4 Turn Based PvP in which player actions are put in on a time limit and then resolved simultaneously. If you already liked turn-based games or if you have a group to play with, there's a lot of fun to be had here.The game's Free-to-Play model is manageable, but fortunately the game does include a $30 buyout to get the ""Standard"" edition of the game (all heroes, all new heroes, etc.).The biggest negative is definitely the visuals. You can tell that the game was developed cheaply in order to sell skins and make money from people who dump cash into microtransactions (League of Legends players, for example). The game uses a cartoony art-style but it looks extremely dated. The graphics options in the game are bare bones as well, so older machines may have serious issues running the game because it is poorly optimized. The physics on ragdolls are also broken in this game, but to the point where it's delightfully comedic, so that gets a pass.Overall I have had a positive experience with the game after 100 hours of free-to-play and even after the $30 buyout I'm still coming back to it and playing it with friends. It's free to try, so you might as well try it for yourself."
76561198147673410,Recommended,402570,29945138,Posted: 15 February,all,SneezeAlot,"It is an fun game if you can get the hang of it. But has a decent time to get all of the freelancers without paying, you can do it without paying, but yeah not so soon as one might think. Free to play done like league of legends, but a bit easier because they havent released so much freelancers yet, like league of legends when it started.Pros+Fast matches+Quite competetive+Addicting+Makes you wish youd spend that money you spend on a premium title on this+Servers dont actually crash or are laggy #trionworldcons-Makes you wish youd spend that money you spend on a premium title on this-The prices on the packs are a bit high for my taste-Takes a desent time to learn everyones abilities, owerall a moba problem that you of sorts need to spend alot of time to be good at the game, witch is more of a problem if the amounth of freelancer goes really high, it can get really frustraiting for newer players or to everyone when they change a bunch of stuff. This on the other hand wont be a problem if you plan to grinding the freelancers out, because it will take a bunch of time anyway."
76561198046558857,Recommended,402570,25896570,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,ForgottenRift,love this game and made friends with a dev today XD
,Recommended,402570,25945222,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Xenour,"This game is truly unique. Simply put it's a 4v4 PvP arena however it's turn based, think somethinglike Xcom's combat mixed with Divinity's. Highly tactical and graphically charming. The characters are full of personality with cherpy music and voice acting to suit. A must play for anyone looking for a mature arena pvp experience similar to what you would find in a moba (except friendly).Being someone that has played games from Trion in the past I can say with absolute seriousnessthat Atlas Reactor IS a good game, it's not P2W and the devs are active (not just with updates and fixes but in the chat too!).I can't realistically give this game a rating out of 10 since it's completely unique, there simply aren'tany other games of the same type. I can only hope Atlas Reactor helps to spawn a new genre.:)"
,Recommended,402570,29499974,Posted: 26 January,all,Sunshine,"Hey, that's pretty good."
,Recommended,402570,29889530,Posted: 12 February,all,Hashbrown Slayer,good game
76561198070163454,Recommended,402570,29904191,Posted: 13 February,all,Gentleman Barkette,"4,5 out of 5 ;) :P"
76561198277105653,Recommended,402570,29724349,Posted: 5 February,all,Alexishere!!!,"Good game, nice and tactical 10/10"
76561198040019419,Recommended,402570,25504978,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,DrJill,"I would HIGHLY recommend this game.  It's incredibly fun!  I love having a strategic team game that ISN'T twitchy.  It's still fast-paced in that you have to think quickly, but as a person who is not so great at aiming, I love that this game isn't based on physical skill at all. It's like XCOM, but 4v4 where everyone takes their turn at the same time and then the action plays out.  Love, love, love this game!The one issue is queue times can be long.  They need to advertise or maybe do a steam sale so that they get more people.  I think a lot of people who would love this game have probably never heard of it!"
76561198149849866,Recommended,402570,29449237,Posted: 23 January,all,alexejbier,Its a good gameNOT pay2winEvery Freelancer lets you experience a new GameplayIts worth giving it a try if you like this kind of tactical round based gameplay
,Recommended,402570,25903889,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Indy,Good stuff
76561198107322630,Recommended,402570,24346591,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Azzo,Extremely addictive! Super glad I purchased the Trust Edition.
,Recommended,402570,25715987,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,The Jiminy,it's good
76561198089422194,Recommended,402570,30225400,Posted: 27 February,all,XxAciDxX,One of a must play.
76561198320725335,Recommended,402570,25119906,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Joy,Nice
,Recommended,402570,23591406,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,1nsovi3trussia,"Yes, with some time and due diligence  it is a fantastic game to play. It still has its kinks here and there but for an Early Access Game it is quite well rounded. Definitely looking forward to the completion of this wonderful team strategy game!"
76561197987202773,Recommended,402570,23702571,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,GeoffAO,"Early Access Review:This is game is a great multiplayer combat game that differentiates itself by replacing twitch skills and real-time reactions with turn-based teamwork and the ability to plan ahead. The character roster already hosts a variety of combatants to fill many roles, with still more to come.I am still learning to adapt from my expectations learned from games like Overwatch, Paladins, and Heroes of the Storm. This game really requires you to anticipate what your allies and opponents will do this turn, next turn, and many turns from now.The community is small at the moment, but I can overlook that with it being a Steam EA title (and in invite only closed beta if you don't purchase it through steam). For some $20 is a bit much for an unfinished game, but Glyph has a good track record of bringing games to release and supporting them afterwards (Trove and Defiance are good examples, even if the latter is a little bland).The only real negative for me is the fact that they seem inclined to continue with the cash micro-transactions  for cosmetics even though it has been reported that it will likely be  $30 release rather than F2P. For purchased games the expectation is that you are buying the full experience, while in F2P you understand that the microtransactions keep the lights on and servers running for a title. But as an EA title, all things can change in the run up to full release.Finally, I would like to see native voice chat in the game. This isn't exactly a negative because I know that voice comes with risks. Putting a mic in front of competitive people with the shield of anonymity can be a recipe for hostility and abuse. However, with only 20 seconds per round to choose your strategy the keyboard chat takes up way to much precious time. Voice chat would allow fluid team strategies to develop. Lacking that, quick chat features such as Rocket League uses might be a serviceable option."
76561197983557618,Recommended,402570,25923355,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Foxdeceiver,"So, I followed up on the hype surounding the game and found that it's rather accurate, so much so, that I ended up spending my hard earned cash on buying the basic package.I wanted a multiplayer game - checkThat's kind has phases like magic the gathering - checkThat plays out like Xcom - checkThat doesn't consume alot of time per game - checkAnd is fun - checkNow all it needs is some lore and more free stuff"
76561198188339094,Recommended,402570,25127644,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Combat_Monkey_11,I have a lot more play time then I do now because I played a lot before it was on steam. It used to be on glyph which is like a crappy version of steam. But the games so fun and each character is really special in their own way. Its like chess where you have to think about what moves your enemy is gonna make and make actions based upon that. I'm so hyped they just released the first Atlas cinma  People are saying not to call it a MOBA but MOBA stands for Multiplayer Online Battle Area upon which this game is. But when people think of MOBAs they think of League and Dota which has objectives besides just kill your enemies unlike Atlas Reactor. Overall a very good game and will play more of. Also theres this one cool dood that streams this game.twitch.tv/thebluemuzzy
76561198044202137,Recommended,402570,23461524,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,TheREV,Very fast paced and great team tactics.  Hoping that Trion publicizes the game more.  Needs a bigger player base.
76561198055686546,Recommended,402570,28726194,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,palidus.gamer,Great game and its free to try out....so try it out!
,Recommended,402570,28503292,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,TSM Dressik,"I absolutely love this game! It's a competitive game that rewards players stragey, positioning, adaptability and anticipation rather than mechanics and reflexes. Like Overwatch, it is a breath of fresh air in the online competitive game scene.Pros:-Easy to jump into-Various characters with low-to-high skill caps-All characters are different-Matches last 15mins on average-All abilties can be modded to fit your preferances-Free to play and only $30 to unlock everythingCons:-Smallish community (Game peaks around 600-700 people at one time)-Limted game modes: Deathmatch and Extraction-Only 4 maps so farDespite the cons, the game is currently growing and the designers have stated plans to keep building on the great base they already have."
,Recommended,402570,25621765,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,Dimebox,"If only I don't need to sleep and work, I will play this game all day, everyday! Must have and very much recommend it!"
76561198021013909,Recommended,402570,24879810,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Pseudo,"Good game and extremely fun, but it keeps alt tabbing the game out or goes black screen still able to hear the sound then the game crahses please fix this. Its extremely annoying"
76561197997759787,Recommended,402570,28631815,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Dr. Fluffle,"So as most people i started as ""f2p""-user and i don´t know what perople are expecting here.I played a ton of f2p MMOS and about 90% of them had a f2p model much worse then atlas reactor.let me break down the 3 limitations for you.no ranked mode and you can´t create custom games (but being invited and participate in them).- but you can play bot and pvp games as much as you want with your friends.limited freelancer rotation.- Yeah this is maybe the greatest downer... every week you get 6 random freelancers to play.but your character progression is saved and you CAN use Skins, taunts and mods which you unlock the same way like someone who bought the game. so no p2w or unfair gameplay here.which leads us to the last limitationyou can´t spend ingame currency to buy something specific.- there are 2 ways of obtaining skins, taunts, banners and emblems.the first one where you get more then 95% of your stuff are lootboxes which are not limited in f2p. you gain the same amount of lootboxes for quests, level up and character progression like everyone else. you can open as much as you want and you get the same amount of items.the second way is the ingame currency ""iso"" which you sometime get in lootboxes or as a reward when you get an item from a lootbox that you already have. especially in the beginning it takes a while until you get enough iso to buy something. in my opinion isos are more for veteran players who unlocked most things and get at least 2 doubles from lootboxes. so it´s more a completionist thing.this are the 3 limitations and keep in mind... you didn´t pay a cent for this game. in order to motivate the players to buy it. it has to offer something for those and this is not much in my opinion because you  get the same experience as everyone else it just cuts down your freelancer choice.in general i like this game very much. its something new and if you want a break from spending 30-50 minutes in a stressing game you can just relax here in turnbased combat.the only thing i don´t like is the lack of gamemodes, maps and freelancers but the devs are working on it.so 9.5/10 here"
,Recommended,402570,29685726,Posted: 3 February,all,ChickensCanFly,worth
,Recommended,402570,29481675,Posted: 25 January,all,Remotay,"Solid game. Turn based and strategic. Easy to pick up, difficult to master."
,Recommended,402570,29684386,Posted: 3 February,all,Nulihk,"Very good once you get use to it, give it a try!"
76561198074822604,Recommended,402570,29423417,Posted: 22 January,all,Bumbledick Caravan,"I played it during beta. Lags on low-end PCs/laptops. Kinda cool, definitely worth a try cause it's free."
,Recommended,402570,29689414,Posted: 4 February,all,Dangerbunny,"Like league of ledgends, team fortress and xcom had a baby.Needs more maps and missions though"
76561198261599326,Recommended,402570,29412347,Posted: 21 January,all,Descendence,awesome
,Recommended,402570,25940647,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Lochcelious,I love this game but...be prepared to lose at first as you get the feel for the different hero's abilities.
,Recommended,402570,29441443,Posted: 23 January,all,La_Tush,Nice game with a fun koncept
,Recommended,402570,29503109,Posted: 26 January,all,MERRY EAD!!!!!!!,OK.
76561198323937722,Recommended,402570,29594515,Posted: 30 January,all,I have no name,its a good game
,Recommended,402570,29625895,Posted: 1 February,all,☆►[HIRUMA]◄☆,ue yeaah
76561198024648698,Recommended,402570,29958170,Posted: 16 February,all,Zakhanis,It's pretty good.
,Recommended,402570,27403094,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Uncle Muscle,"If you're a fan of turn based tactics games and online multiplayer you can't miss this one. If you enjoyed X-Com give this one a go, it's a similar style of combat. While the game does have restrictions on free players, it is still free to play and use the weekly rotation heroes."
76561198210179341,Recommended,402570,29404967,Posted: 21 January,all,arturZi5 RUS,ok
,Recommended,402570,29641921,Posted: 1 February,all,Andrei Rayanovsky,"Great game, basically chess on drugs with classes. If you prefer planning and strategy in your pvp life, this is it for you.The game is greatly balanced due to the low numbers of Freelancers (24 last i checked), everything has a role to fulfill and that role can be changed through ingame mods.Only issue though, consistent crashing on certain maps. Even on lowest possible setting, the game crashes."
76561198112599140,Recommended,402570,29460410,Posted: 24 January,all,神游的小灰,very good! I advice you add Chinese so you can get a large amount of consumer
76561198009352814,Recommended,402570,29462122,Posted: 24 January,all,brainz,"XCOM and Overwatch had a baby. This game is fantastic, and it's free. No reason not to play."
,Recommended,402570,29715884,Posted: 5 February,all,[CPC] LapinD,"A nice pvp experience, a good community (it's a change from MOBAs), and so far no hint of P2W.The controls and UI still need some improvement, it's not rare that you try to change your path or action and end up doing nothing for the turn. And it would also be nice to have permanent HUD info of other players with their cooldowns and stuff.To get all the Freelancers for one week without paying, use this code : 7LG39E6RZHJYQC9PY7FNOtherwise you can also buy the game for 29€, it's cheap :)"
76561198017425711,Recommended,402570,29488494,Posted: 25 January,all,ImpetuousKnave,"I like it, xcom and battlerite have a baby, then every moba and overwatch have a baby, then those 2 babies get together and have one hell of an awesome baby, they took our jerbs"
,Recommended,402570,29485260,Posted: 25 January,all,Daomin Aiki,"amazing gameplay, amazing graphic, amazing teamwork!hope this game will last long :3"
76561198046161212,Recommended,402570,29404431,Posted: 21 January,all,Azralan,"Don't let the whole ""fully free-to-play"" description fool you.The game is relatively fun but I think its success is held back by the whole ""money-making-thing"".Freelancers cost between 10,000 and 75,000. That might not seem much at first, but if you only get about 250 points per win - with a GG-Boost, mind you - then you need 40 wins ( about 13 hours, assuming a game lasts 20 minutes ) to unlock a 10K Freelancer, not considering the possibility of a loss.75K Freelancers would require 100 hours, assuming you use the same formula under the same conditions ( no losses, no match waiting time, etc).My point is: I don't think it's worth it to play this game for completely free if you don't have a lot of time on your hands.Or you could always buy the freelancers... for about 2.99 for a 10K one. (It's not as expensive as Blizzard's prices, but wiht blizzard you at least know that their games will be around for a long time).So, think of the whole think as you will, this whole review is only meant to inform the unaware.Edit: I did not factor in Daily, Seasonal and Challenge missions, neither were Milestones considered. THese give a lot of points as well. Thanks to [TBS] SeenYou for pointing that out."
,Recommended,402570,29634973,Posted: 1 February,all,AlreadyUsedBruh,#Lit
76561198093945975,Recommended,402570,27897322,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,The Baby Buffalo,Truly a great game. Got it this weekend and its amazing.
,Recommended,402570,29570354,Posted: 29 January,all,Kykythewhiteguy,Dont think of this game as free to play. Think of it as Free demo mode and if you like it you can pay $30 for the full version. Basically Xcom mixed with unique characters. The turns have stages and you and the enemy move at the same time so its about prediciton and out smarting people. I would recommend trying out the free version and seeing if its your cup of tea
,Recommended,402570,26917227,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Larania,it's okay
76561198284089043,Recommended,402570,33821135,Posted: 26 July,all,mansour14au,"I spent over 1800 hours on this game and it's just what I need (I love turnbased games).If you're a fan of Final Fantasy Tactic & Disgaea's battle system and would like to play something similar then give this a go.It's free to play with limited characters unlocked. You can unlock characters with in game currency you gain after matches.I bought the game before it was free to play and I'm not regreting paying money for it.Battel starts 4v4, you chose where to move to make your action next (Attack or defence).Game ends after 20 rounds and the team who gets more kills wins, if draw it extends to sudden death (first kill after the 20 rounds. Or just make 5 kills before the end of 20 rounds.Characters called Lancers and they are:1- Frontliner: Tons of HP (Health Power) but with an ok damage. FLs can indure damage the most.2- FirePower: Tons of damage hits but somewhat can be killed the easiest. You need to be careful playing them because they can be killed in one round if the other team focused on shooting them at once. But, if they are the game changers.3- Support: Prettymuch healers and sheilders. They are the most weakest when dealing damage. From what i've seen, they get targeted by everyone to kill, well for a good reason I guess (to not heal).You get 4 actions to chose from called Abilities/Mods and you can customize them.Catalysyst is also can be equiped to help you i matches and they are 3 types:1- Prep: Gains you might (extra damage with your hit), Brain juice (reduces actions cooldowns because some actions can'tbe used untill the coolddown finishes), Second Wind (gives you heal 30hp for 3 rounds) & Regenergy (speeds up your time to gain Ultimate Ability.2- Dash: prestty much teleports you to avoid damage. You can get hit if you teleported on hits way.3- Blast: gains you unstoppable (you won't be slowed or knocked down), Probe (place it at any area and other team will be revealed), Echo Boost (give you extra round of powerups you collect in the stage except the HP powerup) & Chronosurge (slows enimies until end of turn and gains you haste).My best way to write a review of this game."
,Recommended,402570,29994413,Posted: 17 February,all,Heroic,Fun turn-based gameplay.
,Recommended,402570,29996629,Posted: 17 February,all,Call Me Driftey,"Amazing Gamei reccomend it to anyone, its a fast paced simultanious turn based team tactics bluffing gamereally fun to play in large sittings (3 hours plus) every match is different, that makes it ever interesting.altho the mod system could have a bigger impact"
,Recommended,402570,31147786,Posted: 14 April,all,Auroran Soul,Characters Arena PlayTurn BasedMinute customizationDiscord intigration8/10
,Recommended,402570,29799173,Posted: 9 February,all,steven.madia14,need story mode co-op on freelancer truth
76561198078139503,Recommended,402570,29851896,Posted: 11 February,all,Tomes,"Ok!Free rotation of characters, lets you get familiar until you can support.PvE available.Good music, voice overs, animation & mechanics.Meh..Wait times are ok.Environments are alright.Camera zoom levels out? Instead of a simple overhead zoom."
,Recommended,402570,29860520,Posted: 11 February,all,Rick Sanchez dimension c-137,PRETTY FUN 10 PAPAS OUT OF 10
,Recommended,402570,31953353,Posted: 25 May,all,Katzengott,"+ no p2w+ revolutionary turn-based system with 3 ""phases"" (+ move phase) and skills for each+ lots of collectibles (skins, icons)+ character loadouts are partially customizable (""catalyst"" skills), ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s of possible combinations make for exciting rounds with surprises+ competitive, great statistics since season 3+ easy to learn, hard to master--> give it a go"
,Recommended,402570,25020580,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Onacien,this game is like warcaft 2 but instead of orcs there is people and instead of axes there are guns so its kinda like starcraft if it was turnbased but also if instead of armies there was just one dude you controlled so basically it's like xcom but online with some dudes instead of offline with no dudes and not made in the 90s100 points out of a possible 100it is alright tbh
,Recommended,402570,30000535,Posted: 17 February,all,NoSeKe,Great game with a pretty fair free to play model.
,Recommended,402570,29427321,Posted: 22 January,all,Matiiyahu,"Hey, that's pretty good."
,Recommended,402570,23559664,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,CommandoBall,Gg.
76561198202884845,Recommended,402570,29967920,Posted: 16 February,all,Momo,It's a cool game and I really like it! I recommend it! :)
,Recommended,402570,23743279,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,BartenderTV,so far this is was suppose to be a time waster for me when bored now its one of my main games to play well thought out and currently in beta such an amazing turn based game. like wakfu and league of legends combined.  wish some of the charachters didnt look butt ugly hue hue jk jk love the design
76561197983153729,Recommended,402570,30038693,Posted: 19 February,all,Mayo,Very good competitive game. And also free to play! Play it!
,Recommended,402570,29449174,Posted: 23 January,all,Dr. Abobrinha,Great game
76561198165649820,Recommended,402570,29449600,Posted: 23 January,all,LUKEY MIC BEE,ITS LIKE IF XCOM AND  OVERWATCH HAD A BABY
,Recommended,402570,29447818,Posted: 23 January,all,SlashNOX,"Recommanding the game for all the people out there!!Very nice  and unique gameplay.Every game is played diferently and keeps you on the edge of your seatI can say "" you need to anticipate your enemy's movement "" and the joy of getting it right just makes up for itDownload the game and expect a blase !The best part is when you play with friends and do tactics togherer and nice combos"
76561198068982092,Recommended,402570,25260189,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Sgt. Buttersworth [E-308],Best game in the world.
,Recommended,402570,30232302,Posted: 27 February,all,Maverick,"Very Fun! Turn based, Co-Op, Team Game with PvP"
,Recommended,402570,25897960,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Rampa,Very good turn based game
,Recommended,402570,25467206,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,SiN,Tis very guud
76561197971865579,Recommended,402570,25497683,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,CombineRi,iz good -hoovy
76561198025506943,Recommended,402570,23916745,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Defensive Wall,great game
76561197970532041,Recommended,402570,26006617,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,Shokker,"Fantastic game. Quick turn-based gameplay. Great characters, great PVP, great community. Multiplayer is a blast!My refer-a-friend code:https://reactor.trionworlds.com/account/reg/account-registration-short-flow.action?voucherCode=HNDL3Z3HMPQDHFCKL2FY&request_locale=en&experience=aaf&utm_source=manual&utm_medium=social&utm_campaign=ascend_invite"
76561198117187846,Recommended,402570,26010139,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,MavO,Just Want To Say A Perfect Game
76561198272882775,Recommended,402570,30191206,Posted: 26 February,all,mr.bigglesworth,i like this game
76561197965577034,Recommended,402570,25077355,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Cman,The spiritual successor to Bloodline Champions?! Of course I'm in!
,Not Recommended,402570,29591896,Posted: 30 January,all,zDisturbed1,Only played a little and it seems like a cool game but it will have a bad review from me for as long as it force opens the store page every time you quit.
,Recommended,402570,28651414,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Terry Hintz,It's fun.Dunno what else to say about it.It would be pretty ♥♥♥♥♥♥ if it was F2P.Just buy it on sale if you're going to be stingy.
76561198001078721,Recommended,402570,28659951,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Makommander,"Great turnbased multiplayer! Balanced and well-though out. Can't wait to play with my buds, we've been looking for a fair co-op skirmish that's quick and satisfying for strategist-type gamers like us!"
76561198143252008,Recommended,402570,26069845,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,PleaseRemember,"No, no, no. This is not how I wanna start a new game.Need immediate help please, downlaoded the game and bought the All Freelancers Pro Edition through the Steam shop but my in-game content is not accessible.I got help from the Dev's of the game and the problem was resolved, glad to know we have a responsive working community."
,Recommended,402570,28669667,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Teehee,Love this game
,Recommended,402570,29449068,Posted: 23 January,all,Noob Lord,Just play it ! and make Tournaments for this game !
76561198030675929,Recommended,402570,29521451,Posted: 27 January,all,Glory Maelstorm,not bad i guess
,Recommended,402570,29525610,Posted: 27 January,all,"Crane, King of Harran","After playing several matches in this game, i decided to give it positive review, but it has some problems.Pluses----------------------------------------------------+ Fast and interesting gameplay+ Quite good graphics layout (reminds me of borderlands a lot)+ Good characters+ Fun to play----------------------------------------------------Minuses----------------------------------------------------- TERRIBLE tutorial- Some characters are a bit too OP- Really horrible opimalization, GTA V runs 60 fps at high for me, this game runs at 45 fps at low- High prices, low per match gains, for real flux you have to play pvp which is quite boring for me----------------------------------------------------Overview = 6/10"
,Recommended,402570,29462631,Posted: 24 January,all,Allmyexesarefat,10/10 would definitely die cluelessly in the first three rounds again.
,Recommended,402570,29494597,Posted: 25 January,all,Nerdy Luigi,"This game is an amazing mix of MOBAs and games like X-COM. I really like it. But, I do have a couple of gripes about it, and they are pretty minimal for the game's well-thought design (aside from a few uninspired avatars... Grey...), and (surprisingly enough...) good community in general (other than some nasty things said in general chat xd...).A. Some of the voicelines said over and over and over can get annoying after awhile, but I guess I'm not used to it yet.B. Connection issues on the end of TrionWorlds' servers that cause me to disconnect once every five minutes sometimes. Though this game does have ways around it, which is really nice considering how frustrating it is. Nevertheless, not game-ruining precisely, so not too bad (compared to some games (*cough cough League of Legends *cough cough*))"
,Recommended,402570,29542736,Posted: 28 January,all,Pridestrien,pretty good. just no ice and some characters are over powered or no powered.
,Recommended,402570,29974815,Posted: 16 February,all,(팔) BOOM,A lot of fun!
76561198052242622,Recommended,402570,29425175,Posted: 22 January,all,lobstermadness,Character leveling is VERY slow.  Lots of great ideas in the combat but I have no patience for leveling a character thatS L O W L Y.    YMMV    Thumbs halfway.
,Recommended,402570,29409307,Posted: 21 January,all,The Ol' Razzle Dazzle,its fun
76561198019014829,Recommended,402570,24410525,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Varileztra,"i faking love this game.Played it prior to steam 'release' already and it's just so much fun outplayin' ya enemies.Goal is to score 5 kills or the 'golden kill', if both teams are tied after 20 rounds. First you start with a planning phase and then both teams turns are played in four phases. First a preperation phase, where buffs are applied. Then a dash phase, where ...well, you guessed it, dashes of all kinds are used. Then comes the blast phase, in which all attacks are used. Last comes the movement phase, where all players run and reposition.This forces you to think ahead. ""I could kill him, but does he have a dash? Where could he dash to, can i shoot the approximate position and kill him after he dashed?""You should master those thoughts. And when, some day, you play against your friends and stomp them and they insult you, you can be like: ""I am five steps ahead of you. Scrubs.""<3"
76561197969854887,Recommended,402570,23635925,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,]L.S.L[ Mithrandir3,"Downloading and patching the game was a mess (plenty of errors 1034) for some including me before the last patch (end of June). But it seems that since that patch, the downloading process is working normally now.I can now recommend this game, the gameplay itself has always been good. Also I did not encounter any technical problem when in game."
,Recommended,402570,31032285,Posted: 8 April,all,BludStanes,"I think it is a lot of fun, very competitive but a nice breath of fresh air from so many MOBAs clogging the sytem now. No pay to win, tons of unlockables with no real money needed. Unique game style though, try practice first, cuz it's not like most arena type games, as I'm sure you know it's turn based. Anyways, ya it's great, I like it a lot. Play this for 6 months then go back to Dota."
76561198071097389,Recommended,402570,29463702,Posted: 24 January,all,Lucignolo_Giancalasso,frozen synapse + XCOM + paladins = great game!no pay to win!not easy at the beginningbut very very funny!
,Recommended,402570,24659281,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,WishingPole [FMC],"This game is great.I love it, and highly reccomend it.However dont be surprised if this game dies. Trion so far to me, seem pretty sketchy.My review is not effected by Trion games, it remains positive.However i will inform the buyer that the progression system as it stands is horrid.Reminder: I dont know anything about the free to play mode.Pros-->Amazing gameplay->Nice Players->Awesome characters->Tons of hours of gameplay->10/10 GameplayCons-->Sketchy Publisher->0/10 Progression system->If you make a bad review based on Trion being a slave runner then ur review may be deleted.Great game.Crappy Business decisions. (so far)"
76561197991239902,Recommended,402570,26018672,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Mauseleum,A dream come true.Game that offers tabletop feeling.Xcom type of gameplay without RNG.Moba type unique characters from which to choose to find your playstyle.Even further customisation of the character to make the character work like you want via modding.A Thinking mans/womans game.
,Recommended,402570,29476488,Posted: 24 January,all,Taguian,"This game throws a party of 4 new players against veterans who know what they are doing, not to mention that they have the best ability mods out there....I just need to gitgud"
76561198081701920,Recommended,402570,33737901,Posted: 22 July,all,UnicornDu,"Amazing Tactics game, the best one of its kind AND for those of you who were wondering, There is a large community that still plays this game regularly. Also i really enjoy that there are constant updates and new features being added."
76561198054869204,Recommended,402570,29440163,Posted: 23 January,all,Mr.Killer ✯✯✯ ♥ ҉҈҉,nice
,Recommended,402570,24179060,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Hank Buffington,"Atlas Reactor is Overwatch if it was turn based and actually had strategy,( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)"
,Recommended,402570,23744892,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Nova,"I thought this was going to be yet another overwatch/battleborn mayhem shooter.I was wrong, this game is freaking fun, requires some modicum of teamwork and tactics to win. Team based turn based arena fighter. It's bright, colorful fun and at times frustrating as ♥♥♥♥.I love it and will continue to play it while trying to convince myself NOT to buy the big founder back...(I really want too)"
76561198108253671,Recommended,402570,29411376,Posted: 21 January,all,李玉醴,I hope more ppl play such a game instead of Overwatch. Mind over matter!
,Recommended,402570,29415501,Posted: 21 January,all,VA1N,love this game highly recommended that you get discord tho
76561198018140290,Recommended,402570,26014350,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,SoapPort,fantastic
76561198005711060,Recommended,402570,25891670,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Kein,its fun
,Not Recommended,402570,35491859,Posted: 5 October,all,The_Voodoo,"For starters, I love this game, it's fun and one of the best shooters that doesnt require twitch reflexes to win. However, I have a serious issue with the company. They had an option to log in through steam a while back before they made their own  version of steam. And with no way for people who logged in with their steam accont to gain access to those accounts. I and I imagine a lot of other people got burned by this, I've lost a lot that I payed for, a lot of rewards that I played for and have gotten zero help.Glyph can go suck a lemon."
,Not Recommended,402570,30026315,Posted: 18 February,all,Pan de Monium,"Unplayable because of the terrible matchmaking. In PVP mode, with team full of absolute noobs, you can be placed against tryhard premade, and they gonna bm in chat after they 0-5 you, because they enjoy pubstomping so much. In ranked your first match in bronze 5 can be against top diamond player."
,Recommended,402570,30027514,Posted: 18 February,all,JASMINE,"I used to play FF Tactics, and I can say this is the best Tactics/Turn-based game that I found on STEAM so far. It's really good, entertaining and of course its FREEEEEEEE! Lots of exp bonus and ""loots"" once you lvl  your Freelancer/hero/character, you don't need to spend money just to enjoy the game, RECOMMENDED! :D"
,Not Recommended,402570,29593654,Posted: 30 January,all,Hrdbas Atak,"I got bored in the first 5 minutes, this is NOT for people who like fast paced games. I would love to give this a good review but it didn't work for me... :("
,Not Recommended,402570,29564831,Posted: 29 January,all,Dakhor,Controls are bad and matchmaking is not well implemented - constantly get stomped by seasoned teams with no chance at all for new players. The game has good points but since it demmands me everytime I quit the program to give a commend on the steam pageI will do thumbs down and not talk about the good points./DaC
,Recommended,402570,24196062,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Doggo,"Take an Atlas and a Reactor, mix it slowly. And there you have it: Half Life 3"
76561197993666152,Recommended,402570,24333271,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Toad,Good game..
76561198037350077,Recommended,402570,29661576,Posted: 2 February,all,MooMooCows -DI-,It's ok.
,Recommended,402570,25239597,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,IsoAdam,I like it.
,Recommended,402570,25721407,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,*sigh*,"ok sorry i did get something mixed up. though im a bit♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥cause all the skins i got are all gone, and when i opened my loot boxes i goot nothing really good i think i got a couple rares and thats all, but this game is really good and just love the design of it over all and u need to keep the good work up and maybe make some more short gilms cause the first one was really good :)"
,Recommended,402570,29460328,Posted: 24 January,all,Kecap Sedap,good
,Recommended,402570,29636497,Posted: 1 February,all,Woof,"It's a pretty good game, but if you don't want to spend money you basically cant play ranked since you need 10 heroes unlocked to do so. You can buy them with points you get from matches and challenges, but with 20 hrs and only 40000 points under my belt I can say it would take 100+ hours to get enough points to unlock 10 characters. They can cost from 10k to 70k points per character, and only 2 or 3 of them are 10000 pts, so yeah. No clue why it ranges from character to character but whatever.TL;DR: Ranked paywall, but if you're okay with just playing whatever is on the free rotation/your main casually, this is the game for you."
,Recommended,402570,29555002,Posted: 28 January,all,ceq,fully free to play is a blatentent ♥♥♥♥ing lie lol every champion has a pricetag of like $8 and they saw its completely free is a ♥♥♥♥ing joke
76561198013656168,Recommended,402570,29418997,Posted: 22 January,all,❤ My Milkshanks ❤,pretty awesome.  would drop $.  hope trion won't screw us
76561198210249151,Recommended,402570,29457681,Posted: 24 January,all,bluealan123456,Worth to waste your time.
76561198071653801,Recommended,402570,29672946,Posted: 3 February,all,[BTiLC] Jack Burton,Amazing game!
,Recommended,402570,28753681,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,d5 rickOshay,"A good turn based free to play game. Pick your favorite hero, expert them, and play with friends. Mental capacity required."
,Recommended,402570,25974040,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,wizloc,"I'm very on the fence about whether to recommend this or not. On one hand, I have played it a lot since I got it, and for the most part I have enjoyed it. But every few games I find myself extremely frustrated because I just spent 20 minutes playing a match but maybe landing 3 shots because of the huge quanitity of dashes in the game! It makes the matches last way longer than they should, it makes you spend 2+ turns chasing them back down, and it makes a match feel clunky and unengaging. I will leave it as positive since the game has given me a good amount of hours for a low cost, but read the pros and cons, play the free version first, and decide for yourself.++ Pros +++ Mix of all the best elements of several games. Turn style gameplay similar to XCom; Hero/Loot Box/Cosmetics management system similar to Overwatch; Skill system similar to Dota or League; Master skin unlocks similar to HoTS; etc.+ Gameplay truly is fun. Lots of people leaving negative reviews due to lack of maps/modes/characters. Those same people have probably played the same map on League for years. The modes and characters will be released later of course.+ Community seems very nice so far. I've only had one game so far where a team mate raged at me for positioning incorrectly+ Graphics are done very well. I am a big fan of this art style+ Similar to a MOBA but cuts out the tedious aspects: minion farming, item buying, etc.+ Ability to customize your build by enhancing abilities different ways+ Fast paced gameplay. Could be faster and more fluid if they would remove some of the dashes (see cons)-- Cons --- Some characters are clearly more tuned than others. It is annoying that some characters have free abilites that they are able to use in conjuction with another ability they get to choose during the same turn, but others don't. Garrison and Helios come to mind.- Too many dashes. Half the game will be spent firing at nothing because every turn somebody will be dashing. I would much rather the game last 5 minutes less and be more action packed than someone dashing two turns in a row.- Ability to auto follow opponents. If you are a support, frontliners can make the game hell for you by right clicking you to auto follow your movement at the end of a turn. This forces you to spend the entire game fighting for your life instead of contributing to your team. They should remove this mechanic and force players to try to use their intuition and predict movement, not just let the game do it for them.- While you probably won't have any issues finding a match, the game already seems dead. That is, the game has almost zero presence across the internet. Searching for guides for freelancers typically has zero results, and it is consistently one of the lowest watched games on twitch. Its almost surprising that Trion hasn't tried to market it more. For instance, I play almost every day and had no idea a new freelancer was being released. I hopped on one day and there she was in my character selection screen."
76561198080680921,Recommended,402570,29464674,Posted: 24 January,all,Lex X,I enjoy the game quiet a bit but am having crash issues every 2nd game or so. and it also trys to force open steam often which is sorta annoying. but otherwise the game play is fantastic and it really is a lot of fun.
,Recommended,402570,29484933,Posted: 25 January,all,nocita~,Timmy je ♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,402570,29486048,Posted: 25 January,all,Ignatheus,"Didnt like the change from payment to F2P after I already bought it, but that doesnt change the way i like the game"
,Recommended,402570,29413957,Posted: 21 January,all,AlexMrcat,"I ping a location for my team to attack , turns out enemy on the other side of the map.11/10 would ping for team agian."
,Not Recommended,402570,32277743,Posted: 8 June,all,Engel M.,"Fun game but the community is overpopulated by tryhard competetive players and SJWs.Do yourself a favor and avoid this game's community like the plague. They're worse than the Five Nights at Freddy's, Tatletail, Bendy and the Ink Machine, Call of Duty, Team Fortress 2, and Undertale community combined.If you can find some friends who weren't birthed from a feminist and a 12 year old who ""♥♥♥♥ed ur mom xddddd"" then this game is super fun, but even solo it's great.Don't get me wrong: There are some nice people in this community, the same way there are some nice people in the other communities I mention. But the vast majority of people in this community are either ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s or SJWs who are blissfully unaware of said ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s.*EDIT 14/9/2017Changing my review to a negative review. I'm dubbing this the Town of Salem effect.The game is a blast to play and is incredibly well designed, but the playerbase is a bunch of brainless pigs who'd have trouble understanding that one plus one is two, yet alone that two plus two is four.THIS IS NOT A SOLO COMPETETIVE PLAYER EXPERIENCE. If you're one of those people who can have fun even when they lose, or have 3 friends who they can always play with, this game is a blast and a half. But the horrific matchmaker's unbalanced team compositions mixed with the single digit IQ of the average player results in physical pain whenever I just want to get ONE win in for my daily win challenge.I will gladly follow this game and reinstall it every time a new character comes out, because honestly it's amazing. But until they can fix baby's first matchmaker and stop putting litteral babies against level 30000 players, treat this as a 4 player co-oponlytitle."
,Not Recommended,402570,29578422,Posted: 29 January,all,Bar4911,"game opens store page when closed, then auto plays video"
76561198055330346,Recommended,402570,26511072,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Andyltz,Game ia good. But it should be free.
76561198054271351,Recommended,402570,29969548,Posted: 16 February,all,M.Y,.
76561198154610858,Recommended,402570,29772183,Posted: 7 February,all,Soap Scum,"*Can You Make it a MOBA?*No, except maybe?nohow would a turn based MOBA work?but I am young, I still have yet to suck♥♥♥♥♥♥..maaayyyybee it'll work?nahmaybeno?yes?nopethat's horriblemake it a sex sim ;)"
76561198055297420,Recommended,402570,28152223,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Eclipse | Tralixian,.
,Recommended,402570,24367053,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Dr0W,"Pup bit my butt and killed me.11/10, would have my butt bitten once again"
,Recommended,402570,29488633,Posted: 25 January,all,Levity,♥♥♥♥♥♥ but enjoyable
76561198233647700,Recommended,402570,29414808,Posted: 21 January,all,Samm,Takes too damn long to load
76561198164335996,Recommended,402570,30160993,Posted: 25 February,all,SilentSyiph,Kinda wish they didn't move their Trion games rewards from the 20$ purchase to the 100$ purchase.
,Not Recommended,402570,22979808,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Ramon,"Been waiting for a DotA/Xcom hybrid.  It's published by Trion, but I hope that doesn't make it too bad.Update: Over 6 months later... Trion has dropped the ball again.  They can't settle on a payment scheme and generally do something then find ways to bypass that.The game itself is still great.  A fresh and new concept.  If only the publisher were different.  I still play it but they have to make a decision and settle with that.Update 2: This game killed itself for me. I bought it because it was pay-to-play.  It was ok when it was ""kinda"" pay-to-play.  Now, not a game for me.  Trion, can't even make up it's mind.Aside from that, the development slowed down A LOT. There was much more activity with new stuff before it went ""live"".  Then they seem to have forgotten it because... Trion.Trion killed another game.  I wanted to give them a shot, never again."
76561198094748762,Not Recommended,402570,29459600,Posted: 24 January,all,CS_Joel (tlou),what the hell?i buy this game for 20 dollars and now they decide to make it free? can i have my 20 dollars back?
76561198005736879,Not Recommended,402570,24078729,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,stBeo,"Game requires download of a 3rd party client external to steam, took forever to download and count as game time on steam :(Tried to practice game against bot and couldn't play as I kept getting disconnected from the server (my connection works fine with other online games btw). I'd hope practice vs ai could work offline for casual games :(Couldn't find any online pvp game, it feels like if the player base is not there the game will tank. The game seemed fun but don't want to repeat the bad experience I had with Infinite Crisis so will request a refund. Probably wouldn't have if I could have at least been able to play against bots."
,Not Recommended,402570,29671307,Posted: 3 February,all,Xaerin,Just not a fan.
,Recommended,402570,29415228,Posted: 21 January,all,Jackmerius_Tacktheritrix,It's micro transactions are a little heavy but it's worth it.
,Recommended,402570,29447677,Posted: 23 January,all,migero,meh 5/10
76561198077164056,Recommended,402570,30149194,Posted: 24 February,all,_Infernoctis_,i liked this game but need to be developed
,Not Recommended,402570,29980110,Posted: 17 February,all,Pancake,i hate you and your stupid external launcher
,Not Recommended,402570,24506978,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Zen,"Matchmaking is entirely broken. A group of 3 new players (new as in 3-5 total games) were getting matched with players who has dozens and dozens of victories, level 40+ characters, ect, so we were just getting completely annihilated and stomped. Real fun, developers. When I asked in the global chat if this was normal, 90% of the replies I got were how bad I was, I'm trash, ""git gud,"" ect.The community is just as bad as the matchmaking. The developers must hate money and hate playerbases, because I'm definitely not trying this game again, period. What a disappointment."
76561198002322524,Not Recommended,402570,24405802,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,sindri42,"I got this game on the recommendation of friends who wanted to play together. I was pleasantly suprised at the small download size, because I have a slow connection and limited hard drive space. Once the Steam dowload was finished I eagerly started it up... to discover that what I had actually downloaded was just the devs' Glyph client, which I was to use for the actual download of the game. So I sighed, made sure I had enough clear storage space, and set it to download overnight.I woke up to find that it had gotten about 1/5 of the way through the download, then the connection had wavered for a moment and (rather than continuing from that point like a competent download client, or restarting like a barely passable one) it had just given up on the download. I tried to resume from that point, but it gave me the same error message. I turned to the forums, only to discover dozens of people having the same problem, all with different computer setups and both faster and more stable internet connections than mine.The reports ranged back more than a year. Not one of them had been resolved to anybody's satisfaction.The best part is that since the ""game"" on steam is in fact the real download client, the dozen+ hours I spent failing to download the actual game count as ""playing"" it so there's no chance of a refund.I can't speak to the quality of the game itself, because I was not able to play it. But the developers clearly don't know what they're doing on the technical side, and there's a significant chance that any money spent here will be completely wasted."
,Recommended,402570,24188881,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,xyber,This is a cool game. I really like the way the turns works and the different phases involved. The heroes are also pretty cool and varied.
,Recommended,402570,29412663,Posted: 21 January,all,Blu,make the game fps. Would of been much more fun
,Recommended,402570,29614756,Posted: 31 January,all,🎃Clorox💀,garbage
,Not Recommended,402570,29411523,Posted: 21 January,all,Arkterus,"Transitioned to F2P already? This one will be in the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ in a year or two, then."
,Not Recommended,402570,29509132,Posted: 26 January,all,Charg,"While game itself is pretty fun, i won't recommend playing it, since gameplay always relates on time you have to spend on your moves. This concept, while being pretty okay in theory, complitely ruined by ♥♥♥♥ING WORST SERVERS OF ALL TIME. Lags every time. ♥♥♥♥ this game."
,Not Recommended,402570,29554180,Posted: 28 January,all,Virtuous,spend 1 hour downloading the game files (according to the time remaing i only spend some 30 minutes)download finishes.open gameerror while downloading filesError #1003
76561198048999541,Not Recommended,402570,29473417,Posted: 24 January,all,Epicion,The starter doesn't work.
76561198038542120,Not Recommended,402570,25952460,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Harlequin,"Leaving a comment here for players wondering if you should download the game.First of all, stop thinking its F2P game. Its not. Its free demo. You get to try the game for free, and to play the game for real, you need to pay.Trion did archeages on this game. There is no ingame currency for free to play players, so yea you can play with few free rotation characters, and thats it.-No ranked-No skins-No progress in any way in the game to be honest. You can get loot crates for emotes wiiiii!And i actually love the game. I played in Alpha and Beta myself, and i would have actually bought the game too. Now when i see Trion is doing the same♥♥♥♥♥♥they did in Archeage, i decided im not gonna use a single ♥♥♥♥ing euro on this game."
76561198271606300,Not Recommended,402570,29624342,Posted: 1 February,all,☠NightmareMoon☠,"Okay i normally play 100 hours of a game to give a decent review, but this game omg, have so little content that what i have played is enough.breakdown1 soundtrack, 3 maps, 1 game modethat's it, if you are okay with that go wild, also every hero cost real money to unlock, because at the rates you gain the ingame currency is impossible to get a single hero, i reach level 4 and only did 5k when a hero cost from 50k to 75k, and that was for the first time play bonus, after that every match give me 150 currencies, do the math.i like he idea, the gameplay is solid and funny but the straight pay to have fun it's just disgusting, as is tradition with other trion titles, also when you close the game they send you to the steam store page where the ¨DLC¨ is."
76561198016434364,Not Recommended,402570,29604774,Posted: 31 January,all,yo,"If someone sells a game for $60 but if it's not worth it, though you buy it anyways.. It is technically worth $60.If someone sells the game for $60 but it's not worth it, And none of us buys it- Technically they don't get paid.. and they have to lower it.Trion worlds is♥♥♥♥♥♥ yes. But it is us who keeps paying them...therefore they get what they want; You get more broke, And the cycle of idiocracy continues.Let this be a heads up for the near future.Even though I say it alot- I don't enjoy saying it.I told you so.It's a fun game, from what I've played. But I'm not going to play it anymore.Trion worlds is a No-Play zone for me."
,Not Recommended,402570,29573085,Posted: 29 January,all,Pyromaniac,Whoever came up with the idea that you have to endure the tutorial before being able to access your settings deserves to be shot.
,Not Recommended,402570,29661404,Posted: 2 February,all,ChrisIsWellCool,The most annoying menu music I've ever heared in a video game.
,Not Recommended,402570,29423605,Posted: 22 January,all,<™[-=> Cookiez <=-]™>,"Atlas Reactor is a simultaneous action selection game where your team tries to kill the enemy team 5 times before they do the same to you. In Atlas Reactor, each round is played over 4 phases. The 4 phases are Prep, Dash, Blast and Move. In the Prep phase, you can set traps and use buffs. In the Dash phase, you may move to avoid attacks that may occur in the Blast phase. In the Blast phase, you attack. In the Move phase, you do a movement that you set earlier. If there is a conflict, supposedly the faster one gets there first and blocks the other.Januarly 2017: You can rotate among 7 different heroes in Free Mode, though you may demo all heroes in Practice mode. This is basically Pay To Win as you lock out essential core mechanics behind a massive paywall. Lockwood costs 10,000 Flux to buy. Other heroes such as Helio costs 20,000 Flux, Oz and Pup costs 35,000 Flux, Su Ren costs 50,000 Flux and Bryn costs a whopping 75,000 Flux.Conclusion, I believe this game tried to combine XCOM's tactical success with a MOBA. However, the design just isn't good. It reduces the tactical choices that XCOM and MOBAs bring to the table. So, no.PROS1. 25 different Characters to UseSmall but very interesting lineup like Rampart and Pup.CONS1. How do you differentiate who gets the same square?There is no explaination in the tutorial.2. Massive PaywallLockwood costs 10,000 Flux, Helio costs 20,000 Flux, Oz and Pup costs 35,000 Flux, Su Ren costs 50,000 Flux and Bryn costs a whopping 75,000 Flux.3. Why are you limited to shoot first, then move?Why can't I move first then shoot? This form of combat is limiting choice. By locking in the phases, you've removed a lot of choice.4. Visual BugsI found a bug with Bryn's Impale which caused the arc to show up in a reversed manner.5. Pay To WinSadly, game mechanics are hidden behind that massive paywall"
76561198006665368,Not Recommended,402570,29409588,Posted: 21 January,all,asdfen,"it says turn based strategy on steam page. thats false advertising.there is no strategythere are no tacticsthere is no storycontroll a single charactervery few abilities and most of them are on a cool downno brain activity requieredgot bored by the time I finished the first battlethats coming from someone who loves xcoms, fire emble, fftactics,Fantasy Wars,  valkiria chronicles, banner saga, skulls of shogun,  MM clash of heroes, heroes of MM, disgaea, kings bounty, etc"
,Not Recommended,402570,30170675,Posted: 25 February,all,SOL,"Honestly i don't know how to feel about playing this game, i know its good but after 6 matches i got bored instantly."
76561198011931024,Not Recommended,402570,29702039,Posted: 4 February,all,STEALTH,ermmmmmm
,Not Recommended,402570,29935467,Posted: 14 February,all,Daedskin,"I liked Bang! Heroes so this game looks fun; but it also uses the League of Legends paymodel, so I won't be playing it."
76561198338203803,Not Recommended,402570,30186320,Posted: 25 February,all,Doritos,why failed to connect to server !!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198315096293,Not Recommended,402570,29821382,Posted: 10 February,all,weraplo333 I dogry.pl,to jest słaby♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,402570,29445832,Posted: 23 January,all,inZa,"This game looks nice. It is fun to play.But free to play model with pay and you have all is outdated and wrong,If it will be pay once and play for reasonable price..... then i would recommand."
76561197993295116,Not Recommended,402570,29998322,Posted: 17 February,all,Tukaru,"A game that on the surface appears fair and skill based, but after a short time anyone who doesn't pay Trion money will be stuck in the matchmaking pool with the toxic and trolling players in this game. Stay away and do not fall for Trion World's trap. It will only get worse as the game's life continues where only the whale players have any sembelence of fun while free players are left to languish with no chance of getting any satisfaction from the game"
76561198041610315,Not Recommended,402570,29448910,Posted: 23 January,all,IlSilla,It's a grind-to-play game.If you win a game they give you about 100 credits. A single character cost from 35000 to 50000 credits. It means that i have to play 500 games to buy a freelancer. If you want to buy a character it cost 7 euros. I bought Skyrim for 7 euros. It is not worth it.Don't play this♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198273429731,Not Recommended,402570,29905130,Posted: 13 February,all,BruceTheGoose,Bad
,Not Recommended,402570,29686032,Posted: 3 February,all,Havok109 l hellcase.com,boring abd repeatitive
76561197960561730,Not Recommended,402570,29432873,Posted: 22 January,all,Ris,"Initial thoughts on game:Downloaded the game for the allure of turn based pvp because who doesn't want Final Fantasy Tactics with PVP?Character design is medoicre at best, pulling here and there blatantly from other games.Balance is pretty bad between melee and ranged characters, the utilities/damage are lacklustre except for 1 character that's basically a complete ripoff of another gamemodifications to skills add negligable depth to already lacklustre skillsets. I don't know if you can just buy these with the normal currency or you have to buy them with the freemium currency,Takes a really long time to even grind out the currency required for 1 character.Maybe if you start the game and play with friends you can devise strategies and what not and coordinate in a nerdgasm for no reason other than to grind for honor and glory in an unknown game, but the game itself doesn't attract my attention."
76561198103639585,Not Recommended,402570,29914098,Posted: 13 February,all,Rodfather1988,"The game, itslef, is great, I can´t see any bugs, it runs smooth and gameplay is easy to learn.Why the negative review? Because the game forces you to put money in it. This game is original and have great pottential but at this point, it´s another ""pay to play"" that is marked as ""free to play""."
,Not Recommended,402570,30188366,Posted: 25 February,all,Lo' Prio,the pop up launcher cant out but logo appear on the taskbarmy laptop spec : Intel i5 2450musable ram 2.7gbIntel HD3000 1gbDota2 run in this laptopplease help
,Not Recommended,402570,25893159,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Morning Suicide,Game is Fun. But is by no means free.
,Recommended,402570,22968529,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Edgar,Is good game for to play with friends. The hard is a lot when you have noob but stay very long and see how it's better.
,Not Recommended,402570,30150434,Posted: 24 February,all,L33tM0us3,"It's the slowest game ever, and it doesn't look as good as the intro movie."
76561198017119243,Not Recommended,402570,23054955,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Plan Be,"Bought the game via steam. After launch it sais i have to buy the game. Trion wants me to get steamsupport, steam wants to get Trionsupport..."
76561198313370178,Not Recommended,402570,29638828,Posted: 1 February,all,talal_Laoob,!! ابو كلب
,Not Recommended,402570,29507535,Posted: 26 January,all,GERGX,How can you like this♥♥♥♥♥♥!?
76561198133448427,Not Recommended,402570,29413388,Posted: 21 January,all,Grunion,meh
,Not Recommended,402570,29481533,Posted: 25 January,all,Uvuvwevwevwe Onyetenvewve Osas,gay
76561198040865267,Not Recommended,402570,33113642,Posted: 1 July,all,Coach Heiko,Nah.
76561198007625669,Not Recommended,402570,25811324,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Da_Hindu,"garbage game,nothing explained. Learning curve makes it no fun with a toxic community to boot."
76561198045160555,Recommended,402570,22968044,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Lizardheart,"Now that Atlas Reactor is free to play, it's worth checking out at the very least. This used to be a review that did not recommend the game due to the pay to play model and, while I'm not too fond of the new model of free to play, pay to unlock, I recommend looking to play it for free. It's definitely a unique game in the same vein of Xcom-likes with a team based aspect to it."
76561198354064829,Recommended,402570,29447766,Posted: 23 January,all,bradster1922,"This game is like chess, but 1000 times more fun and crazy"
76561198275941959,Recommended,402570,26187127,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE,good game but so repetitive no worth the money edit: the game has been updated to have more characters a new game mode and some other stufff now worth the money
,Recommended,402570,35489987,Posted: 5 October,all,Bruxae,"Perfect game for those who prefer turn based/tactical games but still want to play quick matches with or against other people once in a while.This game does for MOBA's what Overwatch did for FPS and let's people who don't necessarily have great aim and twitch reflexes become good through strategy and working with your team.Very unique combat system that let's you prepare 3 phases of action before hand and see every players actions play out at the end of the round. Predict your enemies abilities and dodge, or dodge into your ally's heal, predict your enemies dodge of your ability and put down a trap, there's a lot of tactical possibilities.If you enjoy turn-based combat there is no excuse not to try it for free, personally I am very happy to have bought the game at release simply for having all current and future freelancers always availiable to me. My playtime should speak for itself."
