user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,402620,21253469,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Cyndaquil,"Let me start off by saying that I’m a gay girl and that I’ve been eyeing this game ever since it got released in Japan, which was back in 2012.Was the wait worth it?Hell yes.As another reviewer has mentioned, this story does have a very porny premise.  Two ghosts rope MC into playing yuri cupid for various couples in the school so that the ghosts can spy on them and learn how to make love to each other, as girls—yes, this is morally questionable no matter how you word it—but despite this, the story is not centered around sex at all.  Really.  It took me around 12 hours to reach the first nsfw scene, and all the way up those 12 hours, the story focuses on developing relationships, emotional connections, friendship.  Rather than sex being the focal point of the game, it feels very much like a beautiful culmination to everything that couple has experienced together up to that point—from the confessions, to the trials and tribulations of trying get their love reciprocated, their sense of stability after ironing out misunderstandings.Also, while the whole “b-but we’re both girls!” may seem excessive at some points, homosexuality in Japan is still very much condemned.  But that’s one of the most refreshing things about this game: not only does the story touch upon real issues like social stigma and family expectations, but it also doesn’t write off the girl/girl romances as just a phase, like so many other works in yuri genre do.  One couple in particular discusses and plans their future together in the face of a homophobic society, and that really resonated with me.As someone who has also tried out the Sono Hanabira series, which oversexualizes girls (and even glosses over the fact that one of them is a huge age gap student/teacher lol), I am very happy that this game doesn’t treat homosexuality as a joke or something just to fetishize.  I really felt like the story was reaching out to girls in similar situations, living in fear of condemnation yet still brave enough to face their feelings and look forward to a brighter future.Setting aside my accolades for the story, the voice acting, art, and music are also superb.  The nsfw scenes are very tasteful, and despite the fact that the OST is about 12/13 tracks, the songs are catchy enough that I never felt bothered by it.Conclusion: if you love girls, love girls loving girls, love a good story, please get this game.  It’s $30, yes, but there’s around 30 hours of gameplay, so it’s well worth the money.  You won’t regret it."
,Recommended,402620,21159690,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Offline,The first uncut 18+ visual novel is released on Steam. Welcome to the future.
76561198283453803,Recommended,402620,21207523,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,tatterrat,"Surprisingly well-written, despite its porny premise (two dead lesbians want to bang so that they may ascend to the afterlife). I enjoyed the pacing and the changing POVs. There is very little sexual content; it took me roughly 10 hours of reading before I saw any, and none of it is explicit. Notably, there is absolutely zero fanservice or gratuitous sexualization of the exclusively female cast in this game. Instead, the characters are interesting, well-designed, and thoughtfully written. ""Kindred Spirits on the Roof"" is a bright, warm, funny exploration of first love, treated with gentleness and authenticity. I'm grateful for the opportunity to have played it."
,Recommended,402620,32639013,Posted: 22 June,all,Рустем,"Help girls realise they are gay. If they are not gay, make them gay."
,Recommended,402620,22279476,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Xiry,Very gay.Would recommend.
,Recommended,402620,21165533,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,shitlord,"You play as a normal girl who gets roped into helping two dead lesbians ship the different girls at the school.If that's not the greatest story ever told, then I don't know what is.10/10"
,Recommended,402620,21504350,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,kart,"This VN made me realise the only reason why I am alive is for fictional lesbians, dear lord save me from this empty feeling"
76561198045005596,Recommended,402620,21222480,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,plotrobert,"So this was something I ended up playing on a whim. I saw this mentioned the week or so leading up to the game by a few people and I decided to give it a try since they had a demo avaliable. I'm extremely glad I did because this ended up being one of the best visual novels I've read, with wonderful characters and an emotinal plot. Though the game is rated 18+ and does contain sex scenes it's quite tame overall, and really doesn't even factor in until around halfway through the game. I was also surprised how the game tackles the subject of relationships, it doesn't pretend that they happen overnight or without some stumbling blocks. I mean the story is still pretty fluffly overall (it's about lesbian ghosts that wanna spread the lesbian around a school, c'mon) but I still think it took the romances realistically for the most part. Anyhow, let's break down what the pros, cons and nit-picks bout this game real quick.Pros:-A great main character, Yuna was delightful throughout. Almost all of the characters (barring one or two minor examples) are well written-Emotionally engaging story, I'll admit I teared up quite a few times-Satisfying ending-Extra scenes that open up once you complete the main story-OST is good, even if there are only about 12 tracks.-Game takes relationships surprisingly seriously.Cons:-Some of the couples are just not as interesting as others, and the game makes you follow every side story-Title is kinda weird. I read why it's that way but it's still weird.-There ain't much porn if that's what you're here for.Nit-Picks:-I wish there had been just a bit more drama. I love the story but half the time the main character is just sitting around waiting for stuff to happen-While the extra scenes after the main story were a nice touch, they were kind of pointless overall, to be blunt. While it did flesh out the relationships between some characters a bit more, they didn't do much for me. I'd have much preferred it if they'd given each of the couples a ""one month later"" epilogue or something-Some of those songs in the OST, while good, might get annoying once they play for the 50th time-I wish the game was longer. Though this should probably be a pro, I think this is one of the best compliments you can give a game. I wish there was a sequel, anime, something,-By the way, if these ghosts wanted to see girls doing it, they DO have the internet. Feels like they could've solved this problem in 10 minutes. (I know not really, but still)Overall the game was a delight to play, and I hope more similar games come soon. I don't usually replay visual novels, but I get the feeling I'm probably going to replay this one in the upcoming weeks. If I was giving this game a rating I'd say it's a 9/10"
,Recommended,402620,22245900,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Heretic Saint,"I initially purchased Kindred Spirits out of curiosity regarding both its style (yuri without the usual exaggerated/cartoony art direction) as well as a novelty (""first uncensored game""). Being a complete noob to Visual Novels, I had expected something that would keep me entertained for 10, maybe 15 hours -- but as you, dear reader, can see above, this game has kept me occupied far beyond what I had dared to assume.In my opinion, the charm of this game lies in the attention to detail that went into fleshing out all its quirky characters. Some of them may fall into well-known cliches, but they do so in a manner that is endearing rather than grating, and thanks to the way their personalities interact with one another, all of them are deeper than just a collection of shallow categories.I also really like the art style of this game, for the soft colors and realistic proportions are nice change from the ubercute semi-chibis you see in other VNs, and together with the game's setting and the characters' inexperience in matters of love, it weaves a realistic environment where it becomes easy to feel with and root for those poor girls who are understandably overwhelmed by these blooming feelings.Kindred Spirits is NOT a ""porn game"", and whilst this may come as a disappointment to some, I'd say it is actually one of its greatest strengths. ""Fan""service such as pantyshots or ridiculously exaggerated breasts are thankfully absent here. Make no mistake: in spite of its spicy yuri scenes (tasteful nudity, in the words of the developer), this is ultimately a game about emotions, and you may find yourself laughing or crying with the characters as the story progresses. The writer as well as the translator deserve appreciation for what they have crafted here, and it seems to show in how popular the game has already become -- so much so that it seems to develop into its own franchise, already with 4 Drama CDs soon to be released on Steam.It took me a little bit to get used to the calendar you use to select and play/unlock the game's scenes, but I've quickly discovered its value in how it makes it easier to assume the role of different characters experiencing the same scene. I'm not one of those players who hunt down every single ""route"" they unlock with different choices (I play through a story once, and that's my headcanon), but even so I was amazed by the sheer amount of content. Even after the main story is over, there's a ton of ""extra"" scenes that provide additional insight into the side characters, answering questions that may have been left unanswered so far.PROs:+ *very* likeable characters with realistic teenage worries+ amazing artwork (including the chibis!)+ (mostly) superb voice acting, in particular for some of the more emotional scenes+ lots of content (extra scenes, song lyrics)+ DEM FEELS (slice-of-life, slapstick, romantic comedy, drama)CONs:- few choices (I'd almost classify KSotR as a ""Kinetic Novel"", though this did not detract from it being crazy fun)- not consistently voiced (a few additional scenes may have benefited from voiceovers)YouTuber Nixxi is hosting an incredibly funny LetsPlay here, though I greatly recommend only watching it after actually having played the game yourself so that you benefit from fully developed attachments to the characters that are being made fun of:https://www.youtube.com/user/VnixxiR/videosThere is also a petition to turn Kindred Spirits into an anime:https://www.change.org/p/liar-soft-make-kindred-spirits-on-the-roof-into-an-animeFinishing thoughts: I'm glad I purchased this game, and I'm glad to see it expand into a full franchise. This is the 2nd game I've ever reviewed on Steam, which should show how much it means to me right now. If the studio ever does a prequel or sequel, it will be pretty much an automatic purchase from me."
,Recommended,402620,21162807,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Duchesse de Loli,"From developer Liar-soft, creators of the ""Steampunk"" series of visual novels! If you're a fan, you'll be pleased to know that popular voice actors from the Steampunk series return to fill out the cast. Sakurai Hikaru (also of Gakkou Gurashi, Fate/Prototype fame) returns as an assistant writer and Kawashima Rino (from Dies irae and Shikkoku no Sharnoth) voices the protagonist, Toomi Yuna.Colorful characters - all fulfilling certain yuri tropes - are present, as well as a bubbly OST and mostly on-point translation. You'll find little bits of ""Westernization"" here and there, but nothing that'll really disrupt the dialogue. Decently long... and watch out for mood whiplash!There's the issue of a high price point, but maybe you'll be willing to forgive that for the sake of R-18 nudity.Enjoy!"
,Recommended,402620,21162667,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Lancer,We have entered Yuritopia. Full and uncut.-There is no going back now-
76561198040979069,Recommended,402620,29552805,Posted: 28 January,all,boozledorf,"Don't buy this game without the CD Dramas.  You'll regret it when you're at the end of the game bawling your eyes out at the finale.  ""That's it?  No more?"" you'll say to yourself.  But there is more.  There are the drama CDs that you told yourself were too expensive to justify buying without knowing how you'll like the game.  You liked the game.  You liked the game so much that you need more.  You need more yuritopia.  You need more all of it."
,Recommended,402620,21541978,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,TsundereCthulhu,I came for the yuri and stayed for the surprisingly good story and well developed characters. Also the yuri.
76561198066100002,Recommended,402620,23526218,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Blinky,YURITOPIA
76561198210291224,Recommended,402620,22120405,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,ephemeral_dreamer,There are flaws here.The music is limited and quickly gets boring.Voice acting is limited to certain important scenes.There are very few choices and the ones that are there have no impact on the story instead only opening extra scenes.However for all that there are flaws the good outweights the bad enormously.The story has an excellent grasp of Yuri tropes and while conforming to many of them it plays with them brilliantly and no character feels like a trope instead all of them feel like fully fleshed out characters.The challenges and conflicts of these girls never felt arbitary just for the sake of the story but rather arose organicaly from their personality.I've played through it multiple times already simply because I enjoyed their stories so much and wish to see more of them.Definetly worth the price^^
,Recommended,402620,21988648,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Muffin Baking Warlord,"Let me just open by saying that Kindred Spirits is Good.For some context: I read a lot of visual novels, and I regret that. There's not really any other way to put it. I like the medium in theory, but the vast majority of what you can find is just bad. Pacing in particular is a problem, followed up by tendency to throw in reprehensible content.Kindred Spirits is novel right off the bat because something actually happens in the first hour. While it's not immune to pacing problems, Kindred Spirits' plot moves along fairly regularly, aided by the device of the planner breaking the story into discrete chunks. Another thing that stops Kindred Spirits from feeling like it's stalling out is the fact that it follows a handful of couples, so someone's story is always advancing meaningfully whatever you're reading.The couples are what is going to make it for you if you like the game. The characters are all unique and fairly well written, and the game for the most part does a really good job of differentiating the characters' internal monologues when there's a scene from their perspective. Yuna is an interesting character and one who I feel a lot of kinship with, but seeing the antics of the various couples as they fall in love and strive to start a relationship is bulk of the draw.Well, I guess there's one other potential draw. The elephant in the room.According to one of the translators, sexual scenes are only roughly 6% of the script. Having read all of it, I'm surprised it's even that high- and if sex scenes are 6% of the script, then things like ""nngh"" and ""ahn"" have to be at least 3%. I'm not a huge fan of sex scenes in these kind of games to begin with, but if you're going to have them Kindred Spirits' ones are fairly good. They do a decent job of making the people actually seem like teenagers who have no idea how to bone, and the CGs never get more explicit than a few anime tiddies. Unless you're incredibly morally offended by euphemistic reference to heavy petting you'll probably be fine- it's not like people are breaking out the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ for a 50 page orgy.One complaint you can level (aside from the pacing and editing, which, while WAY above VN standard, is still a little long sometimes)  is the ""extra scenes"". Once you finish the main story, you're only about half way done. Various scenes pop up all over the planner, and the main way they're unlocked is making choices in the main game. This is sort of a hassle, so I'd recommend just going back and choosing the other option every time you see a choice to get it out of the way early. The extra scenes are nice, but they're where the game threatens to outstay its welcome. Personally I was charmed enough to enjoy it right up until the final extra scene, but I suspect a lot of people will be done about halfway through the extras.Also, the game makes you think it might have alternate routes, but that's a lie, choices only affect the extra scenes. Which is a shame, but there's nothing wrong with there being one story you want to tell.In summary, Kindred Spirits is a cute little game that's a lot of fun. It lasted me about a month and I enjoyed my time with it."
,Recommended,402620,23798280,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,ACisHere,"Amazing story; simply wonderful. This visual novel is a yuri-only title that does a girl/girl romance right, with way more substance than just titilation. I came to this game with the hope beyond all hope that I would find a story worthy of my time, with characters I could care about, romances I could invest into emotionally, and character development that assured that my time investment would feel worthwhile. And for once, I got what I was hoping for.I won't pretend that it's perfect. Personally, I imagined a couple moments for dramatic dialogue that instead missed their mark and failed to advance the conflicts. Despite this, the majority of my experience was very positive, and very rewarding.The end gripped me powerfully, as I felt like I was losing friends from my journey through this visual novel. It was sweet, too, placing the salve on my wound to cool the sting.As a visual novel goes, this one does it right, and it was worth all of my invested time, and still more, as I plan to return later to unlock and see the bonus scenes.I have to thank the writers and developers behind this experience. It was amazing!"
,Recommended,402620,23464229,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Havvy,"This visual novel made me realize again what love was, and somehow revitalized me out of a long (four month) slump! Seriously, thank you authors for that.If you're looking for a straight slice of life anime with realistic drama involving lesiban relationships forming, this fills that niche perfectly. Even the kindred spirits have real drama. And when the main story is over, go through it again from the lenses of a million bonus scenes over the timeline.I only have two negative things to say. 1.  could immediately spot the twist in one character's way of acting that was only told at the end. 2. The main story for each couple ends after their sex scene."
76561198078329875,Recommended,402620,21362128,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,butterbattle22,"I bought Yurirei for the #yuritopia, but, surprisingly, that no longer feels adequate. No......not at all.Granted, #yuritopia is definitely an apt, one-word description for this VN, but....well....it's too substantial. Of course, Liar-soft knows their target audience quite well, so it is ultimately, uh, quite scandalous. So, it is obviously not nearly as philosophical as Utena or as strict as Hourou Musuko or as dramatic as Maria-sama. It's not that deep. But, it's not as fluffy as Yuruyuri or Love Live either. If I had to place it, I suppose it's spiritually not far off from Aoi Hana or maybe, Sasameki Koto?I think Yurirei is smarter than both of those though.To begin with, Yuna is neither ditzy nor particularly shy. Her mature, reliable personality is the freshest possible gasp of autumn air as a female protagonist. Her quiet confidence is intoxicating, her mannerisms are delightful, and I identify with the way she thinks immensely. She does have some of the cold and withdrawn characteristics that I see more often in male protagonists, such as the famous Tomoya Okazaki, but she is about twice as caring, 10 times smarter, and 100 times as responsible as that guy. Hina is also amazing, even more so as seen through Yuna's eyes. Her blunt cuteness is not some ____dere gimmick, but the main pillar of her personality, and she is, in many ways, just as responsible and intelligent as Yuna herself.In fact, in general, these writers seem to revel in introducing certain tropes, then annihilating them. In a low quality story, Aki would really just be an uptight prude that gets ""broken in"" by Youka. Then, their relationship would have no meaning beyond 'opposites attract.' Seina would just be a shy freshman. Tsukuyo would really be an incompetent teacher. Nena would just be a dumb girl that falls asleep all the time. In most stories of this type, I tend to think to myself, ""How are these people so thick and clueless?"" In Yurirei, I am just as likely to think, ""Oh, I didn't realize she'd already thought about it that much."" or ""Whoa, that was quite perceptive.""Ah, I fear I may have already spoiled too much. For maximum enjoyment, please go in blind now.*ahem*The focus is on characterization, not panties; this is a story of romance, not sex: the uncertain confession, the embarassed atmosphere, the soft touch on the arm, tension, suspense, and ectasy. Their relationships develop in a way that feels natural, despite the manipulation by Yuna and our resident ghosts. Couples respect each others' boundaries, and they care deeply for each other. They plan their future together. They talk about how their parents or society might perceive them. Unnecessary fanservice is minimal, and even when kinky stuff finally starts happening, the art doesn't zoom in on their boobs, but does a great job of showing their expressions and body language; it is all rather sensual, and, imo, in very very good taste.Hence, in case you haven't figured it out yet, if you're buying this just to, uh, yuri your yuri, you're probably going to be extremely disappointed.However, if you're a true yuri lover like me (hehe), you will fall in love with this......as I have."
76561198304174829,Recommended,402620,23214022,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Thunder080925,"This game is rock.Honestly, if you want a heartfelt story with well-developed characters, a killer soundtrack, interesting and hilarious dialogue, and a clean art style, this is for you. Definitely worth the money."
,Recommended,402620,21167574,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,pooterin,It helps ease the pain.
76561197999625645,Recommended,402620,33008478,Posted: 29 June,all,trash,good gay girls thanks
76561198076212556,Recommended,402620,21613154,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,I am Ebola. The Love Transformed,Two ghosts told me to make girls have sex with each other. Do I have to say anymore?
,Recommended,402620,21271983,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,末原 恭子,"This game is an amazing work. Not only is it a beautiful piece of romance (or pieces of romance) but it is also a stimulating one at that.You get roped in to help two yuri ghosts and become some sort of yuri love cupid. From her point of view, experience giving couples a push to get together THEN later on, experience it from the couple's point of view too. This game deals with all sort of questions or problems that may came up from having a relationship of the same sex. Would your friends mind? Is your family going to agree? Does your target of affection have the same feelings as you and much more.""May I kiss you again? But this time I might put my tongue in and may not be able to stop."" -10/10"
,Recommended,402620,21166306,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,"I'm Nuclear, I'm Wild",One can say that it's about... Phantom Pain.
,Recommended,402620,21576833,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,doujin girl,"Very good and cute, the couples were all very well done and its fun getting looks at scenes from multiple directions. Some extras were a little boring but a lot of them were cute and I appreciate how they illustrate connections between everyone. The voice acting is pretty good but i have no idea how they manage to VA the sex scenes it was embarrasing just to listen to. Speaking of them the naughty scenes were all very cute and fulfilling this isnt really a game for jerking off to so its mostly just kinda a ""haha aww"" sort of feeling.girls only boys keep out"
76561198063451020,Recommended,402620,21196187,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,[WL] Cyborg Squid GL,"When you play this game, you aren't just playing a typical game, you are participating in something grander. A legend in the making. The birth of greatness personified. Yes, my friend, you are contributing to the cause. The building of Yuritopia.Hail to Yuritopia! Allegiance to Yuritopia! Strength through unity, unity through yuri!My score: 1000/10"
,Recommended,402620,28699574,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,slimegirls,did i ask for a game about lesbian ghosts? no. am i dissatisfied with it? hell no. lesbian ghosts are my opium.
,Recommended,402620,33251493,Posted: 4 July,all,Pfhor,"Over the past 2 weeks or so I have read this VN, read all of the extra scenes afterwards and listened to all of the audio dramas...and I still want more. It took me a quite a bit put into words what I love so much about this game, and I'm not going to be comprehensive here. Lets just be clear that this VN touched me deeply and I won't ever forget it. I'm going to just ramble about the things I love about it.I love the painted art, both the character designs and backgrounds. There are so many great/cute CGs that are perfectly used throughout the game. Aika petting Youka on the head, Umi braiding Sasa's hair, the Kindred Spirits and Yuna drinking coke on the roof...many more.I love the frank way the story handles homosexuality, how it doesn't ignore the closeminded people who think this love is just a phase between 2 girlfriends, but it also completely debunks that silliness. Throughout the 30 hours of content, this story is all about legitimizing yuri romance as equal to any other kind of romance. It does this naturally too, through its characters and dialog. The sparse ""h-scenes"" also do a good job of supporting that, and they aren't explicit or too long. These scenes are used for character development rather than just titilation, and their inclusion is very important to the arc of each couple.And I love those couples, Youka and Aki are my favorite... all of them are sweet and wonderful though. Throughout the game there's a real sense that these folks love each other from the way they talk and think, it's so heartwarming. The drama is smart and never overblown, and the resolution is always satisfying. Not just the romantic couples, the friend couples are a treat to listen to as well. Yuna and Ano have a wonderful discussion towards the end of the game that is pretty much exactly what I needed to hear in a game like this. Everything regarding the characters and dialog work perfectly.There are some presentation problems, the music is good but there's too little of it. The art is unfortunately low res and sparse sound effects are sometimes very bad. Even with those misgivings and the rather high price point, this yuritopia is highly recommended. It is worth your money."
,Recommended,402620,24772792,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,MajorMoo,"Now that the entire series has concluded, I no longer know what I want to do with my life."
76561198220111257,Recommended,402620,30207673,Posted: 26 February,all,Pet Slime,"This game is my visual novel of the year because of the light-heartedness, comedic, and relaxing atmosphere. Typically in ""GL"" or Girls' Love stories, you get thrown in a brutal tug of war of drama and fighting. I was hesitant to purchase this because of stories involving the former, but this visual truly proved me wrong. While there is drama in the story, it is never overbearing or dragged out. The story is made for enjoyment and laughter, like an old Jackie Chan film, and sticks to its guns until the very end.Then you buy the super expensive and way overpriced drama cds, like a ♥♥♥♥ing sheep, because they've already hooked you in with this.But seriously, give this a try. 10/10 great characters."
,Recommended,402620,25444637,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,max,i'm gay and this game has destroyed me ny'all
,Recommended,402620,21667908,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Wüstenfuchs,I'm a slow reader.
76561198075460790,Recommended,402620,30833752,Posted: 30 March,all,Rintama,"Great details in writing,  loveble characters, great art,  as expected, Yuri banzai! <3"
,Recommended,402620,22908728,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Guardian Mamoru,"I've never written a review on here before, but for this VN, I simply have to. The shortest review I can possibly give would be one word: Masterpiece. However, I feel that such a short, generic review would not do this beautiful story justice. I also feel that it would be irresponsible of me to give spoilers to the plot, as it is best experienced for yourself as you play through the game, so instead, I will try to take the middle road between brevity and gushing over this wonderfully touching story.For starters, if you are looking at this game simply because it is a yuri visual novel and you're expecting to get some good wank material out of it, you may want to move along. Yes, there are several sex scenes in the game. However, they are NOT written to entice or excite the reader. Rather, they are written realistically, in the perspective of the couples experiencing their first times together. They are not pornographic, but wonderfully, touchingly emotional.The same can be said for the yuri romances throughout the game. They are not played up and fetishized, but are instead written in a sweet, pure way, genuinely fleshing out the feelings that the characters have for each other in a realistic way, as well as bringing up the worries of living in a traditional society that would see something wrong with them for feeling the way that they do.All the characters are written fantastically, each having their own unique personalities, even if some of them do fall into some old character tropes from anime. There's the always sleepy (but surprisingly perceptive) Miyama Nena, the cuteness-obsessed Tsurigimine Kiri, and the air-headed, rock obsessed Koba Youka, to name just a few. While some of the characters seemed a little flat to me the first time they were introduced, the game does a fantastic job of fleshing them all out.On top of the excellent writing, the soundtrack and cg are also top-notch. I did get a little annoyed with the fact that the music in the game doesn't loop, even though the majority of the music seems to be made in a way that it could loop. Instead of looping or stopping, it just fades out, then starts again from the beginning. However, this is a minor complaint, particularly when compared to the quality of the music itself. The cg for the characters and scenes is also fantastic, drawn very smoothly, but with just the slightest hint of sketchiness to the lines, giving it a sort of innocent feel that fits in with the overall tone of the game.In short, if you're here because you have a fetish for yuri, don't bother. If you're here because you love love,  then pull up a chair, fork over 35 smackeroos, and get ready for a feels trip straight to YURITOPIA!"
,Recommended,402620,23175957,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,NoSoulSurvivor,"This visual novel is ♥♥♥♥ING Fantasic. For $35 is kinda too much but can't blame it because for the voices.Story is pretty good and how characters develop is done well.And its a yuri ... ^_^Also its uncensored which is a surprise, given how Steam is strict is on its ESRB rating. Props for the creators for making the game uncesored ^_^!!!!Its very lengthy novel. I clocked in 20 hours, with the main story and the extra scenes at the end to look for.After I finished the novel, I wanted more to see how the characters develop in the future. There is a Drama CDs coming out soon to contiune it, to see where is the characters at.Overall its a great Visual novel to read, although I recommand to get a sale if the price is too much to get it for."
76561198169720011,Recommended,402620,21670469,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,KrySon,"My Thoughts/About The GameThe game looked interesting to me, and it was a visual novel. I like visual novels, like CLANNAD. This game appears to be the first uncut yuri visual novel on steam, but it isn't too graphic. The price worried me a bit, but I made up my mind and decided to get it. I didn't expect this game to be good. I was really into the story, and I found myself playing 18 hours straight. I would never play a game for that long in one session.Pros+ A total of 7 romantic couples+ Has uncut imagery *wink* *wink* *nudge* *nudge*+ The pacing is good, not too quick, but not too slow+ Music is good+ Gallery+ Planner that gives you the days when something happens between characters+ Extra scenes after the game is completed+ Replay scenes over and over again *wink*+YuritopiaCons- Not many choices/ Choices don't affect outcomes (Counter Pro: It appears choices do matter in the extra scenes)- Only one ending- Voice-acting only in important scenes- The choices you make only have extra dialogueIn ConclusionIt was really tough for me to say bad stuff about the game. I just couldn't think of anything wrong with it. I finally completed the game, but I felt weird. I just wanted to stop; and forget all about this game, so I can play it again. In conclusion,I recommendthis visual novel.I will also recommend the demo version if you still haven't tried the game out yet."
,Recommended,402620,22212353,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,"No. 1 Super Idol, Yazawa Nico","It's really good! And really cute! I like all the characters, and the only romance I have any issues with is the student/teacher one, which is handled relatively tastefully. Yuna is a fantastic main character; she's likeable at the start, but she grows, and I like her even more by the end. Her growth, and really all the characters', is very natural. It doesn't feel like thing happens, -> now a character is different, but rather the characters slowly start reacting differently. This has easily become my favorite VN, and I'll likely be buying the drama CDs."
,Recommended,402620,21219679,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,NEKOROMANCER,"A ghost bought me this game, since I don't have any friends.Thanks,10/10"
76561198136085375,Recommended,402620,21313423,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,EnomotoTakane,"A pros/cons rundown and some thoughts, for those thinking of buying the game! Sorry it's a little long,,Pros:- Very very cute art! A good variety of sprites, expressions, and CGs.- Catchy and effective OST, with an included “music room” to listen to all the tracks.- Each character is distinct, has their own background, thoughts, motives, goals, personality, and problems/flaws that are all very relatable, or easy to sympathize with.- The couples’ stories were all really compelling, and each and every one felt like it had something to offer.- Some common yuri tropes are addressed and consulted, exposed for their flaws, or given a very human, realistic spin to them.- While it was nothing mind-blowing, the story was always engaging in some way, and EXTREMELY emotionally investing. I cannot stress enough how invested this game gets you into its interesting and compelling cast of characters, and all their relationships with each other, romantic or otherwise. I cried and burst out laughing and smiled and was on the edge of my seat and relieved and every other emotional a game could make you feel. (well, except for afraid maybe, haha)- SO. MUCH. EXTRA. CONTENT. AFTER THE MAIN STORY. Hours worth of extra scenes are unlocked based on what choices you pick in the game, so make sure to save at every choice so you can easily unlock them all!- The sex scenes were all incredibly tender and sweet, with beautiful art in CGs, and none of them felt gross or overly fanservice-y. (though the lack of Super Explicit Content might be a negative for some people)Cons/stuff to keep in mind:- Not all the scenes have voice acting. Only major story events, couple events, and scenes that have CGs include voice acting.- I’m not a fan of a good handful of the voices. Too many of them are shrill and high-pitched, which can be pretty annoying, especially with the characters who are also loud and cheerful on top of that. (I recently found out this might because a LOT of the voice actors are reused for multiple characters)- Almost ALL the characters have obnoxiously high-pitched and squeaky voice acting during sex scenes.Doesn't ruin it, but it IS off-putting for me.- The background music doesn't loop; it fades out and then restarts, which can break immersion for some people.- No agency, and therefore no routes. The main character, Yuna, is entirely her own character, with her own goals and wishes and feelings. So, you can’t change the outcome of situations or the story. YOU the player don’t really have a say, and are only along for the ride. I know that tons of people will be disappointed to know that there are no routes and no agency on their part.- There’s a couple that’s a teacher and a student. Their relationship lacks the manipulation and toxic power-imbalance that plagues teacher-student sort of relationships, and so I personally was able to find enjoyment in their story, but I know that others might not, so I’m putting this out there now. (note: it is possible to speed through their scenes and arc by selecting the ""Skip unread text"" option in the options menu and then using the skip button)- Unlocking all the extras can be kind of confusing. Not too hard, but a bit of a pain- Some of the sex scenes felt out of nowhere, or like they weren't properly lead up to- The sex scenes are also WAY TOO SHORT. Could've used some more detail in the text and, like… fumbling and exploring and learning.- Some of the dialogue in the sex scenes was so over-the-top or weirdly put that it was unintentionally funny- And finally, there's a glitch that me and a friend of mine have, though I haven't heard of anyone else dealing with this yet. About every 15-20 minutes, the game will dramatically slow down and stop progressing, and nothing but closing will fix it. I found a way to slowly save the game and then close from the menu, but it's a bit irritating to pull off. Didn't bother me too bad, but I know it'd be a huge pain for some people. Hopefully this glitch is extremely uncommon.And finally, some tips:- SAVE AT EVERY CHOICE. You will need to go back to them to unlock all the extras, and they are WORTH IT.- NEVER. FORCE CLOSE. THE. GAME. EVER. It'll insist that you haven't completed scenes that you have, and make you redo them just to move on in the story, every time you force close. Always close from the menu.- If you live with other people, wear headphones. Trust me.Final thoughts? This game was an absolutely joy to play, especially for its great cast of characters and compelling stories. Absolutely worth the price and more, for me, and I hope others will enjoy the game as much as I did!If you want a more indepth version of this overview though (plus some extra tips), I posted one here:http://systemrestart.tumblr.com/post/139577888536/with-less-than-a-day-until-the-initial-sale-for"
,Recommended,402620,30231329,Posted: 27 February,all,Sexual Chainsaw,Do you need lesbians? This game has all the lesbians.
,Recommended,402620,30665176,Posted: 22 March,all,Basic,With this evidence scientists now conclude the power of yuri does in fact persist through death
,Recommended,402620,22997883,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Oracle,"EDIT: In case you read my review since I posted it, I just completed the game, and I have to change one thing. Choices do matter, you unlock extra scenes with different choices. Gives you a reason to head through the game multiple times!I could not recommend this enough, I swear.See, the thing with visual novels on Steam is that they're either lacking in story, lacking in emotional pull (for me, at least), or they're het (again, that's a problem with me, others may vary). So, as it stands, it's kinda difficult to find a good yuri VN on here.Kindred Spirits on the Roof exceeded my expectations. I swear on my own life, this is one of the best VNs I've ever plread. It has characters that you can connect with, who all have their own emotions and worries and traits. I felt myself get attached to each and every one of them, all in a different way. The romance is believable, shockingly enough for a VN, and the more intimate moments don't really feel forced. Quick note: If you're looking for ""Oh girl-on-girl is hot"" then I suggest you look elsewhere, because there are far better smut VNs for you to play in that case (I recommend Sono Hanabira for that).I cried, I laughed, I smiled, I felt my face flush, I experienced more with this VN than I have...in a long while. Truly, one of the best I've played, and I am shocked to say that this surpasses Katawa Shoujo in my list of best VNs. This simply...hit me in a different way.Now, that doesn't mean this VN is perfect. The music can be slightly annoying I suppose, but it didn't bother me all that much. Also, you might feel like the story repeats itself sometimes, since you go back through to see the couples outside of the main branch with Toomi.Overall, I cannot recommend this enough, even at the price that it stands. 35 USD seems like a bit for a VN, but for quality...I feel quite confident in saying you won't find much better here on Steam.Also, okonomiyaki is delicious, and I have this game to thank for sharing that with me."
,Recommended,402620,21437519,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,slayer,Fu~! Fu~! Ha~a~a~!
,Recommended,402620,24565904,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,IA -ARIA ON THE PLANETES-,"Game of the year for me. Incredibly sincere and heartfelt, chock-full of infectious emotion that you simply can't help but feel as you read on. Simply a pleasure to read every single scene - from the amusements of daily life, to heart-thumping romance, anticipation, tense moments of drama and anger. Art is perfect for what it is: not overly cute (or ""moe""), not overly serious, just some pleasantly designed characters that are easy to look at. The background music and theme song contribute to the game's atmosphere and are assigned to scenes appropriately.It's the writing that makes this novel so good, though. The novel was fantastically tasteful, even for such a sexually-charged premise. In fact, the focus on building friendships/relationships provided so much characterization for every character that you feel like you know them as intimately as a close friend would - a rarity in yuri works. Even the erotic scenes contributed a lot to building the characters, which I enjoyed so much more than the very well-written and well-drawn scenes themselves.I have no idea how liberal the interpretation is from the original, but I honestly don't care. Liar-soft and the MangaGamer translators have done a stellar job writing a very well-made yuri story that, although far from novel or original, can speak to your heart and make it feel a whirlwind of emotion.Absolutely worth every penny if you are a fan of the yuri genre. Thank you so, so much for this experience.--Notes:I've completed the game and have replayed it multiple times. Nowadays I launch it outside of Steam once in a while and replay a couple scenes and sequences - and no, it's not the H-scenes!I usually open Kindred Spirits outside of Steam and have many more hours than indicated on here.There is one problem with playing this on Steam, where the game can slow down massively after around 20-30 minutes of gameplay. Please save regularly and relaunch or open directly from its game directory to avoid the problem altogether."
,Recommended,402620,22371858,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,Anzei Kazumi,"YURITOPIA*Ahem* Okay now that's out of the way time for the review.Yuri VN's, not really my thing. Don't get me wrong, Yuri's good, heck I love Yuri. I don't want to brag but I only needed to rest for an hour every time the girls kissed in Sakura Trick. Anyway, usually Yuri VN's are kinda too straight forward. I've seen many Yuri NV's in my time and I gotta say, it goes like this:- Talking- Kissing- Y U R I S E X- The endKindred Spirits on the Roof isn't like this (To all who are dissapointed that it isn't like this, shame on you, and me.) The characters are lovable, memorable and down right sweet and you'll have to rest for a whole day just to get your blood sugar in normal levels. The art feels kinda 'home'-ish, if that's a correct adjective to use for art. It certainly is good don't get me wrong.The characters are well made, specially the main character. Usually when you see a girl in a VN you think ""I want to see that girl nekkid doing hot lesbian action with another girl"" (Is it just me? Really? ♥♥♥♥ you guys.) But the MC of Kindred Spirits left me with the feeling of ""I want to be friends with this kind of person."" But the latter still applies, that's why we have the MC's friend Ano. Ano is a Best.Now for the negatives.The only negative I honestly could find right now (Since I haven't finished the game yet) is the music. Again, don't get me wrong the music is good, makes me want to jump around and frolic in the fields of Japan with my lesbian friends, but god damn the LOOPING is just damn horrible. You play the VN then the jumpy uppity music plays, and you're so happy, the characters are happy, the gods of Yuri are happy, then the music comes to an end and you think ""Oh♥♥♥♥♥♥is it gonna be serious?♥♥♥♥♥♥is this♥♥♥♥♥♥gonna hit the fan?? Don't ya ♥♥♥♥ing pull a CLANNAD on me ya ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s!"" Then the Music plays again and everyone is happy again.All and all it's pretty gud. Well worth the money I spent for the game and the tissues.Will update review after finishing the game."
76561198335411970,Recommended,402620,25975659,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Mik,Help two lesbian ghost ship all your classmates so they can learn how to bang and go to heaven.
76561198045350964,Recommended,402620,24904188,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,CRΔB+,"The fact that this is the first adult game to be released on Steam without any censorship is amazing. The fact that it's also a yuri game is truly incredible. This is one of my favorite games on Steam; the premise initially sounds bland but it just completely drags you in with its thorough narrative, fitting music, and simplistic but effective art style. None of the characters feel trivial and as the story progresses they develop more and more. I completely recommend this game to yuri fans or to people just looking for a great read."
,Recommended,402620,25757973,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Ravioli Ravioli,It was alright.
76561198062691458,Recommended,402620,21240286,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Barkbarkoos,better love story than twilight
,Recommended,402620,21349451,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,darlliu,"If you like yuri or VN you may want to support this game for the future of the genre.First of all, I have played the Japanese version a few years back. The game is fantastic. Probably one of the best takes in VN form on the yuri genre. It's light hearted, often funny and very touching towards the end, ""healing"", and characters are very cute. The things you may criticize in this game are mostly attributable to the development budget. That said, I can't comment on the translation. I assume it will be fine enough. The original text is plain and simple and I assume it remains as readable translated.Liar soft is one of the VN companies with a more indie feel. It makes very unique and fun games, though not necessarily with the highest production value. You can say it occupies a niche spot in an already niche market.Often times this is reflected in the fact that there is limited voice acting. That just means mostly the writer was more ambitious than the budget allowed in terms of full voice acting. I would also point out that although the consensus is fully voiced acted VNs are the way to go, partial voice acting allows writing of longer monologues, which some may enjoy.Now I was really surprised this game got released on Steam uncensored. The price is high but it's what you would expect for a limited audience release. If you buy this game it may encourage them to make bigger budget works with western release in schedule. When the volume is higher obviously that allows for different pricing schemes.Finally let me reiterate that the game is fantastic, espcially if you are a genre lover of yuri--it's not to be missed. If you can't get it now, wish list it and check it out later."
,Recommended,402620,28075484,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Star ❀,"I LOVED this game. I actually bought it at almost full-price, because I wanted to play it so much and it didn't disappoint, at all!The artwork is great, the characters are charming, the storyline is nice and the way all of them interact is so cute and feels real. I thought I was done with the story when I found out that there was even more I could unlock when trying different choices and wow, I just. I love it so much.It's voice-acted, the translations are good and the soundtrack is pleasing.So if you're a yuri fan and want a sweet LONG(this didn't count my 12+ offline hours) story, this is the game for you!!"
,Recommended,402620,21368848,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Sericea,"You may have heard of this as the first uncensored game on Steam, and are probably imagining the most lewd and steamy premise you can considering it got that kind of coverage, and the synopsis is in fact that two lesbian schoolgirl ghosts want to see how to have sex for the first time so they can do so themselves.While this is an eroge, like most those types of scenes are at the end of the game, and are overwhelmed by the vast majority of content that goes into telling the story of each couple growing together. Add in some great slice-of-life moments that make you laugh, smile, and empathize. It's that type of game. I think I could recommend it to just about anyone who enjoys sweet slice-of-life stories, manga, etc.For me, this is one of the very few Yuri Visual Novels, and was a must-buy from what I heard. And I have no regrets- it is definitely worth the price-tag as well. Most will scoff at it, but this is very long for a Visual Novel- you have the main story scenes, the side-story scenes(marked by cherries on the planner), and then you also get access to post-main-story scenes which are represented by apples in the planner and are unlocked by making different choices in the main story. I did not expect to get character interaction between certain characters(namely those outside couples), but the apple extra stories have become some of my favorites since those characters that may have not gotten much love in the main and side stories shine here. This Visual Novel is huge, simply put. In terms of time, I have put in roughly 27 hours so far and have not finished all the extra scenes yet.The bottom line- if you like Visual Novels at all, this is pretty much a must-buy."
,Recommended,402620,22217947,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Argona,Yuritopia!
76561197985049325,Recommended,402620,21417734,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,obssesednuker,"There was a point where I, as an overweight 25-year old guy military history who plays (mostly strategy) video games in his parents basement, squealed like a fangirl when one character started developping attachment for another. Compared to that, even the pr0n seemed second rate.10/♥♥♥♥ing 10.EDIT: And now I've squealed like that twice. And I'm proud of that."
,Recommended,402620,21164168,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Alphard776,"You get to play yuri cupid in a yuritopia with a couple of cute yuri ghosts. If that's not enough to make you wanna buy it, I don't know what will."
,Recommended,402620,23019541,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Chara,"Liar Soft: What do u want bruhMe: Pls make a yuri game with a good story where no lesbian diesLiar Soft: Say no moreMe: *plays the game, happy that no one dies. Later realizes that the 2 main characters are dead from the beginning"" Liar Soft, why u always do this?Liar Soft: LolLovely game, it's so sweet you can get diabetes from playing it. Very well designed characters and a good and fitting soundtrack.Everyone ends up having sex lol"
,Recommended,402620,23371989,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Lilac,"I am not a fan of visual novels (VN) – I mean, all the ones I have taken an interest in were eroge (VN focused on sex), principally when we are talking about girls’ love (GL) ones. Because of that, when I read about “Kindred Spirits on the Roof” (KSotR) being available on Steam, and about it being an 18+ VN, I was very hesitant and I was not sure if I should buy it or not. I thought it was only for the fan service, once all the screenshots I have seen of KSotR were 18+ scenes.However, curiosity was stronger, so I decided on buying the game. First, because the plot seemed very interesting – with a bit of supernatural touch – and the most important factor: even being a VN, we do not have paths to follow or anything else: there are not lots of choices to make during the main route (MR) and anything we choose leads us to a common ending.From the very beginning, the beautiful soundtrack captivated me, even the ambience sounds, and I the care LiarSoft had while developing this VN caught my attention: all the characters have their own consciousness and their actor voices match their personality very well.I do not know if I should thank MangaGamer or LiarSoft or both for the vocabulary used in this game, but I have not read any profanity words during the MR AND in the sex scenes. About the sex scenes, I knew they were in this game – but they are soft and connected to the MR plot. I mean, there is not anything like “Hey, I like you, let’s have sex!” and all I could see was how strongly and deeply every character’s feelings for another one grew and how it ended in their first time (having sex, of course).The point is, sex is not the focus of this VN, and it is only the consequence of the plot – and I was very surprised because of it. We have the girls’ act narrated so that all we can read is a beautiful poetry about their first time.Above all, what impressed me the most was how focused on social aspects the game is. I mean, there are questions like “Do you think homosexuality is okay?” and “If I started dating a girl, how would society see us?”, what made me reflect about our own social values and everything – we can not deny that homosexuality is still a taboo in many countries.I will finish my review here, because I do not want to give any spoilers or something like that. All I want to say is that if you are looking for a touching, beautiful and sensible game, KSotR is the right choice."
76561198174621226,Recommended,402620,22918927,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Gayest_Girl_In_The_Universe,"FOR OUR YURITOPIA~!屋上の百合霊さん could also be translated to literally ""Lesbian Spirts on the Roof""So I now call it ""Gay Spirits on the Roof""This game gives me life~As the gayest girl in the universe, I bought the game as soon as I found out it existed.Unlike the Sono Hanabira series(Don't get me wrong, I kinda enjoy those games XD), The story is more pure~It is the definition of the perfect lily garden~ The characters are great, the pacing is pretty good for the most part, and overall it's gay.Freaking Yuri, what else can I say. These girls have zero chill(Not in a sexual way XD)The gayness physically hurts me sometimes....I think I have diabetes from this game.Buy this.....FOR OUR YURITOPIA~!!!!"
76561198367131152,Recommended,402620,30841630,Posted: 30 March,all,Hildeschlievogt,absolutely ♥♥♥♥in fantastic
,Recommended,402620,24071208,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,sleepymoons,"I saw the reviews and thought the artwork was cute, so I purchased this game on a whim.I did not complete this game on a whim. I am still suffering from the aftermath, because h o l y ♥♥♥♥ is this game adorable. The story's adorable, the concept is adorable, the voice acting--did I mention the voice acting??--is superb.10/10 would yuri again"
,Recommended,402620,24273305,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Tako,"*Talking about Cross-Country*""How was practice today?""""Mm, I ran a lot.""Quality realism10/10"
,Recommended,402620,21167033,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,BigBossBalrog,"""But what better place for us then this? Our heaven. Our Hell. This...is Yuri heaven."""
76561198011614926,Recommended,402620,25030752,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Wily Westerner,"It is somewhat difficult to recommend Kindred Spirits on the Roof due to how niche it is. It has a number of love scenes with nudity, so that can be a reason for some people to avoid it. Then the quantity of such scenes is relatively low and they do not appear until several hours in, so it's not for people who just want porn either. Furthermore, the majority of the main cast are lesbians, so people who have a problem with homosexuality would have a problem with this title. There isn't much of an engaging central plot or gameplay elements, so it also is not for people who need such things to enjoy a visual novel.All that said, Kindred Spirits on the Roof is an upbeat yuri romance visual novel with a character-driven story that is very highly recommended to everyone who is interested in such things.What makes Kindred Spirits on the Roof feel so praiseworthy is the quality of its character writing. The main cast is relatively large and yet every character was relatable in some way and felt very believable. These characters have a good amount of depth and many undergo an appreciable amount of growth over the course of the story. The writing also does a fantastic job of conveying emotions. While not everyone will have the same experiences as those portrayed in this visual novel, the emotions that result from them are universal and this story presents them in a way that anyone can easily empathize with.Unlike most other romance visual novels which feature one protagonist with multiple potential love interests and routes, Kindred Spirits on the Roof instead presents a single story with multiple couples. This allows the reader to view all the different sorts of relationships portrayed within the visual novel without having to read through it multiple times. At certain points in the story, the main storyline will stop and the reader will be presented with a few different scenes to select that focus on the various couples from the point of view of one of the characters involved. The main storyline will not resume until all scenes for each couple are viewed. There are dialogue choices to make, but the story is ultimately linear and the choices only impact the dialogue immediately following the decision while all choices must be viewed to unlock every extra scene after the main story is cleared.As far as overall presentation, Kindred Spirits on the Roof has a respectable level of quality. Each character has a decent number of sprites and even multiple outfits. There are also over 50 event images and the art looks pretty good overall. The soundtrack consists of 11 background tracks, an opening, an ending, and one insert song as well as instrumental versions of the opening, ending, and insert song. The quantity is not particularly impressive, but there are enough tracks to convey all the emotions needed and they are put to good use. I personally enjoyed listening to each track. Translated lyrics for the songs that have them can be found in the music player accessed from the scene selection screen. In addition to the main story and couple scenes, there are over 70 extra scenes that become available after completion and provide even more content. My time on Steam is a bit off since I had a habit of leaving the program open so I could listen to the music as I took care of chores and such, but I feel confident in saying I spent over 40 hours with this title.Kindred Spirits on the Roof is among my favorite visual novels and the best I have read on Steam. There are some aspects that would turn some people off from it, but for everyone else it is a title that I very highly recommend."
,Recommended,402620,24889062,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,~Fujoshi-chan~,"This is officially the first yuri VN I've played.I've been attempting to properly get into VNs recently, and this was a fantastic introduction.The narrative is excellent, the characters are memorable (and very important to me), the music is absolutely lovely... Overall, I had a fantastic time with Okujou no Yurirei-san. It's completely linear in the story-telling aspect, and the choices you make mean virtually nothing, but as someone starting out with this genre, I'm thankful for the straightforward narrative.Despite the lewd scenes (and I use that term loosely, as there IS upper-body nudity and high-pitched anime-girl noises - I personally don't consider this an eroge), the relationships are innocent, and adorable, and precious, and that's the kind of♥♥♥♥♥♥I like to see~~10/10 for this fantastic VN~(Please note: I have so many hours in it 'cause I'd leave it on so I could listen to the soundtrack while I did other things, the game doesn't take ~75 hours to complete. In saying that, I've yet to read the Extra Scenes.)"
,Recommended,402620,21750101,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,George Hopkins,"It's almost bittersweet that I've reached the end of this so relatively quickly, though that has much more to do with spending the entire week dedicated to finishing through it.A couple of things to note first off. I think the price-tag is still a bit steep, and I'd highly recommend watching this like a hawk for sales if you're truly interested in experiencing it. The demo will give you about the first 2 hours of story and introduce all of the characters. You can even carry over your save state from the demo since they're all held in simple files.The other issue I've run into was performance. There's nothing about this VN that should cause stutters or lag, but I found consistently that I'd get about 20 minutes into a session and suddenly text speed would halve and the minimal on-screen movement of sprites would diminish even further than that. This problem might be localized, and it's ultimately a minor gripe, but I figured I'd give the heads up.That said, I do highly recommend checking this out, especially if you're a fan of romance in any way. There's a lot to get into and there's a surprising amount to digest. The base game covers about 21 hours and the extra content delivers as many or more scenes in a smaller format for 5 hours.Not a single moment is wasted driving the narrative. There are multiple points of comedy (Ano is an absolute trip), there are chances to cry, and there are points of pure catharsis. This novel is a bit unique in that sex drives the narrative, yet is never solely the focus. It would be unfair to say the erotic scenes don't serve their own purpose in character development, but they are simply moments where everything comes to a head.I think the thing that impressed me the most in this is how organic the development of the main character is. I won't tell much, but it's very clear from the beginning that Yuna is not living entirely as herself. Her story perhaps more than any of the others is worth being read and appreciated.Really, the thing that will make you enjoy this game is the sheer realism behind it in spite of its crazy, spirit-driven premise. A wide range of situations reach all of the characters, from the couple that have been in love for years but have had to hide it, to a new, entirely taboo affair between a teacher and student, to a 2 out of 3 couple that overthinks absolutely everything.If it were any use, I'd write paragraphs on paragraphs about the merits of each individual character, and that's really where the biggest strength of Kindred Spirits on the Roof lies.In summation, when two ghosts tell you to make girls have sex with each other, you'd best damn listen. Happy hunting, cupid"
76561198055526778,Recommended,402620,21393210,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,NovaHBlaze™,"Yuritopia!But really, this game is great.Yuritopia- I mean, Kindred Spirits on the Roof is a mainly kinetic visual novel (meaning that choices, if any, have almost no effect on the outcome of the story) in which Toomi Yuna, a 2nd year highschooler encounters a ghostly couple on the roof of her school. She quickly becomes their (slightly unwilling) accomplise in bringing other girls in her school together.In order of best to worst from my experience:Art: 10/10I havent seen a game of any kind in so long where the artist actually took the effort to make different costumes and colors for a whole variety of situations. In particular, I love the style <3. It really helps to bring to mind the feeling of a girl in love.Music: 9/10The track isn't very large, but what is there is well made and pleasant to listen to without being too overwhelming or distracting. Only problem I really had was that the tracks didn't loop at all.Story: 8/10The premise of the plot is actually...kind of orginal? It definitely wasn't something I'd seen before. Of course, in execution, the story became a little more mundane, but it was still enticing to read from beginning to end, and I loved the ending.Characters 7/10Most of the characters are well developed, but they tend towards fairly typical archetypes common in japanese culture, so if you're used to that, you might get bored of their antics quickly.As for stuff that can't easily be graded:+ Game length: for me, I cleared the main story in about 20 hours, but there's more for you to do afterwards, and I estimate about atleast another 5-8 hours of gameplay is left. Not bad at all.- UI: While the UI is not cluttered, It is instead compact and fairly complicated for a VN, including far more visual buttons than is common. On that note, the options is fairly cluttered, even if everything is labeled.All in all, I think the game is almost worth its full price, which is not something I'd say about most VN's, especially on steam. Even at 10% off, I think this game is worth buying.TL;DR : 11/10 would yuritopia again"
,Recommended,402620,22292356,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Atarun,"This is more kinetic novel than video game per se, given that choices have no impact (besides unlocking extras).That said, as a yuri kinetic novel, it is nearly flawless.The characters look like stereotypes at first glance, but are actually quite developed and act rather believably. There is enough variety for anyone to find characters to their liking and while I liked some characters a lot more than the rest, I did not hate any of them. Even the teacher/student pairing, made all the weirder because the teacher looks like she is 10, did not grate on me like I tought it would, mostly because every character has her time to shine and her own quirks.More than anything, I felt like this game perfectly captured the nature of teen drama as I remember it. How even the most insignificant of exchanges can be misunderstood and blown out of proportion, not because anyone is mean, but simply because everyone expects others to just understand ""obvious"" stuff via pure empathy.That said, in my teens, things did not resolve so systematically well for everyone... but here the happy endings go a long way to compensate for the sad moments (the whole premise is about ghosts of long dead high school girls who never experienced love in their short lives and  want to so that they can move on... yeah, want some fries with your angst?).As for the sex scenes, they are more erotic than pornographic and mostly well built up into each couple's narratives. I think they could be easily ignored by players who don't like that kind of stuff."
,Recommended,402620,24514848,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,"Shikine ""Dorothy Hiyajo"" Kang","Kindred Spirits on the Roof is a great Visual Novel overall. The story was nice and cute and developed greatly as the in-game months go on. The characters are very relatable in a variety of ways. This can be from their personalities to their reactions to certain situations. The characters also develop greatly as the Visual Novel proggresses, giving you a sense as if they were like real people. The drama in Kindred Spirits was just the right amount to go along with the yuri romance. The H-scenes were just a little spice to show the characters' relationships developing.  There was even bit of feels thrown into the mix to make it feel well-rounded.Highly recommended to those who love yuri, romance, drama, and comedy(This personally, makes me want to work for MangaGamer in the future even more so.)"
,Recommended,402620,28891280,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Yui Yuigahama,"I really liked this VN. I enjoyed the progression system in the game, instead of making it completely linear it allows you to look at your planner and select which couples you'd prefer to continue with to a certain extent. So if you're like me and have a prefered couple, then you can complete as much of their story as you'd like until you had to complete the main storyline. I hope more VNs start to use this method.Yes, there's nudity, but you can tell that it's not the main focus of this VN. The focus is telling the story of the couples. It's cute as hell."
,Recommended,402620,29150035,Posted: 9 January,all,Diana Cavendish,"Honestly, if you're even on the store page you better buy it, because it's one of the best if not the best story I've seen in an extremely long time. I absolutely adored the stories, and the ways that the writers developed the story without giving too much away towards the end. I only recently got it, but I was super excited when I first heard about it and I'm so glad that I managed to finally get it. It's worth every cent! Please please please buy it, and I promise you won't regret it!"
76561198055305459,Recommended,402620,33440228,Posted: 10 July,all,Xena,"This VN is soooo cute. The characters all have distinct personalities and facial expressions. I got so invested in all of them. There are a few choices presented to the player throughout the game, but they don't actually affect the outcome of the story. Their purpose is to unlock certain extra scenes after the end.Overall the game is really sweet and made me cry. The intended audience is girls, but anyone who enjoys romance and cute stories will enjoy it.My favourite character isKiri, she gets so flustered over cuteness and her internal dialogue is so funny. Her relationship withTsukuyo is adorable. ""And call me sensei!! >:O"""
76561198247220816,Recommended,402620,33866469,Posted: 28 July,all,Vernicht0r,"To keep it short...VN has:-yuri-NO males-cute and cool characters-heartwarming and interesting storyor in other words - everything a good VN needs.if that's what you're searching for, buy it.What could you wish for more?... ah... right... an anime adaption."
76561198158309410,Not Recommended,402620,30445358,Posted: 11 March,all,Lady Chaos,"I was really excited to play this game, but I don't think I will be able to finish it. It's pretty much a kinectic novel (and nothing in the game's description informs players about it), which means, that if you expect some meaningful choices and branching paths, forget it. You don't have an impact on the plot (you can just unlock some extra scenes), you just read the story from various characters perspective and see how their relationships grow.I enjoyed it for the first two hours or so - probably because of unique protagonist, which is the best part of the game for me. She's relatable, normal girl, that isn't overly emotional and cutesy, which is often an issue with visual novels from Asian countries. Sadly, most of other characters were just annoying. To be fair, with such large main cast, it's hard to not find someone you dislike, but when you find so many of those girls to be either cliche, boring or non-sympathetic, you don't really care about their stories. With actual ""visual novels"", you can find some enjoyment in impacting the story. Here, though, there's nothing to enjoy.To sum it up: if you enjoy yuri kinectic novels, you may like it. Writing is fine, although often wonders into ""completely ridiculous"" territory, premise is silly and relationship between characters are rather sudden and very unrealistic. Still, there are many different characters and you probably will find someone relatable or interesting.However, if you look for something where your choices matter and you don't particularly like anime tropes, you'll probably get bored really quickly."
76561198070629402,Recommended,402620,21384646,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,kaiyi01,Love transcends gender10/10
76561198201182113,Recommended,402620,24388355,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,yuribot1000,Help 2 ghosts build a 'yuritopia'. 10/10.
,Recommended,402620,21356117,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,tyricle,Being a happily married straight-ish female. I loved every second of this game. The story was wonderful and the design of the girls was tasteful. It didn't oversexualize anyone but still allowed the romance to come through. I would recommend this to anyone looking for a good romance VN.
,Recommended,402620,21281461,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,¤Ałapso¤,This is really gay.(͠≖ ͜ʖ͠≖)
76561198043629545,Recommended,402620,21169024,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Emma Rose,"Pros: ShippingYuriCute SoundtrackYuriArt is cuteYuriTranslation is on point.Cons: It's 35 dollars.Verdict: Buy it. If not full price (which I wouldn't blame you for), then even a little sale. It's a good time."
,Recommended,402620,23046473,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,xdxmg,"yuritopia!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!if you are wathing review about this game, don't thing more, just get it"
,Recommended,402620,22245865,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Deauxnim,"This game is genuinely heartfelt. I feel so many good emotions, I have difficulty continuing properly.Please send help."
76561198007847377,Recommended,402620,24435402,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Doom,"This visual novel has somewhat limited voice acting, art style could use some polish, but...The story was very sweet, heartwarming and entertaining and it was worth reading.I enjoyed this more than XCom 2.I only wish they included japanese text in it as well."
,Recommended,402620,22984423,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Wolfen,"Alright. So let’s get this started.So, a simple announcement: This game does not have ""steamy lesbian sex"", as many people think. Nor is it a fluff “doki-doki magical girl” fest. At least not entirely. So if you want this game for either of those reasons, think twice.Kindred Spirits, as a VL is really really nice. It's not a life changing game sure enough, but its filled with a good representation of ""Girls Love"" problems in a academic life style. I find the game long enough to expose and develop the whole story of the main characters and the different couples, and short enough you can play for a good amount of time without getting bored. (I know, it says I have about 5 hrs., but that’s because I had to run it outside steam. More on that later.)KS has a solid and heart-warming story with interesting characters that develop nicely as the game goes on. No character ever becomes blurred in the sidelines, and they all have enough screen time and importance to be worthy of development. The game exposes several scenarios, each represented by a different girl, and by a different couple. Other than the 2 ghosts, the game is very faithful to (what I can imagine) realistic problems someone in that situation can have, without going too much on fantastic territory. Even the ghosts have problems that (if so the case"") ghosts could have. Then again, I´m not a girl who fell in love with another girl, so...All in all,  Kindred Spirits on the Roof is a medium-sized game with good exposure, heart-warming and hilarious situations, down to the ground thinking and reactions and interesting characters. If I had to say something bad, it would be that two certain situations are a bit to abrupt for certain characters.The sex scenes come way too fast and way too hard, making one or two characters feel a bit out of character. Then again, that's what happen when you get horny. Boys and Girls alike.Other than that, It´s a game that I fully recommend to anyone that wants to get started on Visual Novels, likes Yuri and has some spare time.PROS:-Interesting Characters-Realistic plot-Cute situations-More Fluff than Sex-When in Sex, well represented-Complete and filling story-A lot of in-depth to the characters.CONS:-Characters can be OOC at times-Flat interface-Steam version crashes the game every 15 mins or so. (To stop this, run the game outside of steam.)Grade:8.5/10"
76561198052503676,Recommended,402620,21370286,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Fhrosty,"The whole time I was playing this game, I was thinking of snarky little pros and cons I'd put in this review. But all of that was out the window by the time I finished. If you have a romantic bone in your body and a soft spot for yuri, *get this game*.I thought I was just getting a simple, pervy little lesbian dating sim to tickle my less mature side. I hadn't played many naughty games that pretended to humor my more innocent, romantic side at the same time, so I didn't stop to even think about how much I was spending ($30) on something I expected to provide just a few cheap thrills. But I did not expect the feelz!!  I finished the game (really more of a story than a game) in the middle of the night last night, and I am still reeling from the melody it played on my heart-strings!"
,Recommended,402620,21213458,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,MariAli767,"As a massive yuri fan, I'm really excited about this game being on steam. After playing, A Kiss for Petals - Remembering You, I really needed a new Yuri/Shoujo-Ai game to play and this filled that slot perfectly.This is also the first uncensored visual novel on steam; however, the story does not center itself around this concept, but on the interesting interactions between the characters themseles. The scenes themselves are actually quite tastefull and fit with the game's character driven storyline.Kindred Spirits on the roof is an innovative and refreshing take on the visual novel genre; therefore, I would recomend anyone buying this game to both be preprared for and understand what type of game it actually is.You play as a slightly anti-social girl who, while eating alone on the roof, discovers two ghosts and is then draged into playing match-maker for a variety of different yuri couples.The purpose of the game is to create a Yuritopia!What else do you need to know about it to XDAs of this moment, I have completely cleared Kindred Spirits on the Roof XDThe only real problem that I had with the game was the fact that steam overlay does not work and therefore I could not take recordings or screenshots; however, despite this the game was so good that I ended up losing a few days sleep.Despite having only one ending, the game has a massive amount of extra content after the initial storyline ends. Extra content is garnered by choosing different dialogue options when they are presented towards you; however, as previously mentioned, the game only has one ending so your choices do not actually affect the main game.On the subject of characters, I was actually quite suprised by quite a few characters in this game as well as how my opinions on them shifted later on. There were about two or three characters I just did not connect with, but there were also quite a few a characters that I initialy disliked who ended up being some of my favorites. I actually wish that a few of these characters had gotten a bit more time spent on them, but there is always the possibility of a sequel....maybe.The art style was about mid-range for me, but it was a lot better than I was expecting and actually complimented the game's other elements quite well.The ending, which I will not spoil, brought everything to a close quite well.Overall this was quite a great game and I would deffinitly recommend it to those who enjoy yuri and/or visual novels."
,Recommended,402620,21407033,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Bethany,Gayest thing I've ever played.I cried so much.Just get it and love it. Then start listening to Rita while looking up more Liar-Soft VNs.
76561198085918525,Recommended,402620,22068231,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,okamitaretsu,"Yuritopia is real.At first, the game might start out a little slow but that's only because it's fleshing out the characters and introductions. Once I got through that small bump, I honestly loved every second of the game.The protagonist is easily likeable even from the getgo (it doesn't take long before you utterly love her, really) and the girls that are introduced afterwards are all rather unique in their own way and easy to become fond of. Their relationships went in ways I didn't expect but definitely had me grinning as they developed. Nothing about it feels rushed or awkwardly forced. It all seems really genuine even with the realism they seem to add to it (a crush that starts out entirely one sided, age difference, etc.).In terms of content, it definitely has quite a lot in my opinion. Even after you finish the ""main"" story line, side stories are unlocked that show the other girl's feelings and their perspective. It's also important to point out that while Yuna (the protag) has a large role in aiding the start of their relationships, you also see how these girls come together from their own perspectives. With the side stories, you see what the other person was thinking at the time and how they were feeling, so in a way you get to see both sides. That was utterly amazing, honestly.As for the nudity, none of it feels perverted or done in the purpose of trying to get more views/customers. They arrive to that point naturally in their relationship, and not every couple goes as far as some. Even then, everything feels warm and loving. These scenes were made to show their feelings for each other, rather than to just draw naked girls, which is a definite bonus.Final thoughts: While the price can be a bit... well, pricey... for what they're offering you, I honestly think it's definitely deserved and worth it. If you truly love Yuri, girls love, or just love seeing cute relationships blossom and develop, then this game is definitely for you."
76561198045432867,Recommended,402620,22022328,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,VoT - Code of the N.H.K.,"I loved this game.  Great characters, storylines that are mostly good and enjoyable. Really cute couples. There are 6 total and there's both a postive and negative to that. It's great to follow each couple's story but parts of the mainstory are seperated by scenes seen through the perspective from the girl's you encounter and/or help through out the game, and it can be a bit much, especially when there is like more of those scenes than main characters scenes for a given part of the game. You can skip through them if you want though. I didn't, since I enjoyed those scenes and didn't want to skip out on any story in them, it just bothered me how much they delayed continuation of the main story. In the end, I would have preferred just going straight through the mainstory and only afterwards, going through all the couple scenes and stuff. Still, it was a great game. I loved the main character in it.Good stuff, plox more games of this quality.Also voice acting was mostly on point.Not all parts were voice acted but there is plenty of it and most of it was fine to me. I never felt like it was really missing somewhere."
76561198116913129,Recommended,402620,22460492,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,maybeinmykitchen,Good game! Let your soul be cleansed by this innocent and loveable story! Many laughs were had and tears were shed.
76561198019202729,Recommended,402620,30016334,Posted: 18 February,all,Orlock,"A really nice game.If you like yuri, this one is a must!If you like romance, you should try this one, too.And even if you only want to relax from fighting or killing whatever enemies other games throw at you, this could be the one for you.You get some nice yuri-romances without to much drama and happy endings guaranteed.The planer system works pretty well. You can work your way through the planer on a day by day base or follow the routes to the next chapter (=month).Decisions you make don't change the story but unlock extra scenes, that you can view after completing the main story once. Which is not the best solution, because the extra scenes start from the beginning, showing conflicts and thoughts, that already worked out, by the time, you can watch them. They probably work best at a second playthrough since you get a closer view at the development of the characters.Playtime is about 30 hours. The extra scenes add  some three or fours hours, so I would say, the price is ok."
,Recommended,402620,34471431,Posted: 24 August,all,gamergrrrl,"I want to live in the yuritopia.... it's been two weeks and I still miss this game, these characters... youka and aki BEST GIRLS"
76561198116493602,Recommended,402620,21354900,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,PriestDrago,"This has been the second Yuri game I've ever had the pleasure of expeirencing so far, and as I am newbie to visual novels, I can't say much except that I am very impressed.The storyline is developed slowly and logically; you can see the characters forming bonds over time very clearly. The characters themselves are very likable and the effort that went into creating them is immense. I enjoyed every second I poured into this game.For those who are looking for choice-based games, I'm afraid this one won't really serve your needs. There is ultimately only one ending and the choices, however rare as it is, does not influence any of the relationships' outcomes nor the ending itself. However, making the correct combinations of choices will unlock 'extra scenes' after you complete the main story, giving an insight to the characters in short snippets of background events.10/10 - Highly recommended for anyone who likes Yuri or just want to have a good read in romance."
,Recommended,402620,21382276,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,meiiscray,This game is super cute and the story line is pretty good though some parts are super cheesy but its still cute. This is one of the longer visual novels that I played before but definitely worth the hours spent in this game.Made for all yuri lovers out there <3
,Recommended,402620,22732763,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,MegaManectric,honestly the best VN I've ever played. I wish somebody would damage my brain so I'd lose all my memories and be able to experience this again for the first time.
,Recommended,402620,25407076,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Sharon Kreuger,"It's great, a lot of yuri goodness, buy it!"
,Recommended,402620,28934972,Posted: 2 January,all,Darky <3,"This game was one of the first full games that I have played that is centered around two girls. When I first bought it, I thought I had wasted my money on a game for only a ""story game"". However, as I progressed I became more engrossed in the story it self. It became more and more detailed and I actually at the endalmost cried when the two girls went up to heaven after feeling like their work was done. It was a scene that moved me.I have not even finished the extra scenes or bought the other CDs, so this game has a lot of content. It is well worth the 30+ dollars to purchase it, even the artwork is very nice."
,Recommended,402620,22062529,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Rena_Star,"Kindred Spirits on the Roof is charm personified and if you're not careful, it will suck you right into its core and never let you leave the planet known as Yuritopia.Very few pieces of media with the 'Yuri' tag can admit to being more than just 'fanservice'. If I was asked to describe 'Kindred Spirits on the Roof' in terms of my anime experiences, I would have to say that it reminds me of a cross between "" Kuttsukiboshi"" and ""Sakura Trick"" mixed in with a cross between ""Maria Sama ga Miteru"" and ""Strawberry Panic"".The two ghosts - or 'Kindred Spirits' as they prefer to be called, may as well have been drawn from the likeness of Sachiko and Yumi. Not to mention, Matsuri and Miyu - the track and field sempai - look an awful lot like Sei and Yōko. This led me to believe that the design choice may not have been entirely unintentional. Considering how big a part ""Maria Sama ga Miteru"" has had in the Yuri/Shoujo ai genre it doesn't really surprise me. In fact, it almost felt as if the game was paying homage to these roots, expanding on them and going into an area that was not possible 10 years ago.I very rarely play a game through more than once – feeling as if once I've done the main story there are too many other games out there to try so no need to do all the ""side stuff"". Kindred Spirits on the Roof however is a visual novel that made me want to not only experience all the ""side stuff"", but made me want to re-experience it again and again - in the same manner as one would re-read parts of a favourite  book or rewatch parts of a movie that left an impression.As flaws are part of any review, I do feel obligated to touch upon them. Although, in my opinion, the main flaw here is simply the lack of voice acting. While all the main scenes have voice acting – it would've been great to see it in the side stories as well. The voice acting in this game is so exceptional that it's truly a shame that there's not more of it.In conclusion, if you're looking for an experience that will put a smile to your face and make you feel good about life, love and the human race in general – then look no further. Kindred Spirts on the Roof will do just that – and more. In my 100 + hours with the game I got the 'full clear' icon with all the extras unlocked – yet I'm still keeping it in my favourites so that I can come back to it whenever I need a 'pick-me-up'."
76561198050953889,Recommended,402620,24201136,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,UnfriendlyFire,"The yuri train to Yuritopia got no brakes, kiddo!But don't worry! Everything will be... daijoubu.tl;dr - Anyone in the yuri shipping industry should invest. Good waifus.Right, so anyway, to keep this review short and sweet this VN is good.The main story focuses on our protagonist, Yuna, who is spurred into action as an undercover matchmaker by two gay ghost girls to subtly meddle in the love affairs of gay girls in her all girl's high school. So the premise is fairly simple, but with solid writing and letting us see events from the different girls' perspectives (who have different personalities and are all fairly likeable) makes for an immersive, at times emotional, story. Of course, when combining several romantic stories some might appear more solid than the rest, but which one you like is for you to decide.Being a visual novel the gameplay is not too interesting. You will be given choices here and there, but the story is linear and the only impact is some slightly changed dialogue andunlocking hidden scenes after completion.""As for the music, it's okay."" 10/10 - [insert-gaming-site-here]No seriously, it's just ok. Some catchy tunes, but overall ok.The artwork is fairly good. The character designs are cute and varied and fit the characters pretty well. Some of the sprites can be amusing at times. The backgrounds, though, are rather generic with a few exceptions. The CGs used for the ""intimate"" scenes are rather tame, but I really don't think they are meant as fap material either way. Strangely enough I would say they are cute, emotional and intimate first and foremost. As something to be remembered fondly. That being said, the CGs can sometimes appear to be somewhat, eh, weird when portraying characters from certain angles. I noticed one CG in particular, but overall it's fairly solid.You will probably want to buy this one for the story and while it has a simple premise the execution is well done. I got a little hooked, or emotionally invested so to say, and continued through the night. Then I got a bright idea, and turned off the in-game music for a piano cover of Celine Dion's you-know-which-song during the climactic last scenes. And tried not to cry. But cried alot. Sleep deprivation and exhaustion can do miracles sometimes.So, there you have it. In not-so-short-but-sweet terms. Yeah. Buy it."
,Recommended,402620,22709868,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Got your eyes,"I really love this game!! when I see it. it's my spec game! Art is very nice and have Japanese voice. They have many couple!  This is my favorite game! When I free , I want to play this game > <"
76561198167779052,Recommended,402620,21700131,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Visual Novel-aholic,"Well, I just finished this novel and I have to say that I love it!!!  Definitely worth the price."
,Recommended,402620,24610494,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,N E V E R L U C K Y,">Wake up>It's a beautiful day>Go to school with skip in step>Have okay morning, school is school can't complain>Go upstairs to have lunch for some fresh air>Sit down and start going raw on them tendies>whatwasthat.jpg>These 2 ghosts ambush me>Won't shut up about being lesbians and wanting lesbians to permeate school>...>Best day of my life yuritopia/10"
76561198039312903,Recommended,402620,30620369,Posted: 19 March,all,Ailimi Soul,Yuri.
,Recommended,402620,22686751,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Dirty Dwarf,"Long story short, they all banged in the end."
76561198140605556,Recommended,402620,24993323,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Skornn,"YOU KNOW.There aren't a lot of YURI Visual Novels translated in English and at the level of quality as Kindred Spirits on the Roof. I loved this VN, I loved the characters, and the main Protagonist.The game itself is conservative with a bit of nudity. So if you're horny above all else, this game isn't for you. If you're into the innocent blossoming love of super adorable girls in an all-girls school, then I'd highly recommend it. As a twenty-year-old male... I feel like I just said something incredibly creepy - but I did enjoy this VN AND I WAS PLAYING A FEMALE PROTAGONIST ANYWAY, so it's all good.(Clears Throat, exaggeratedly)That aside. My very favorite character was Hina. She's cute, quiet, cool and very straightforward.(Sips Pepsi)Well, now that I've finished story it's time to play it again and write what is most likely going to be my best fanfiction to date. What I have planned right now is making me feel so very victorious and inspired.That aside, I've played it for 35 hours and I still haven't finished all the extras."
,Recommended,402620,23137893,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Delirium,Surprisingly good story. 7/10
,Recommended,402620,24216897,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Grozovoi Yuri-ist,"Yuritopia!Now steam is filled with openly stated pornogames and this title is no longer some hardcore sweaty lesbian sex visual novel to be boasted about hardcore sweaty lesbian sex contents. Well in fact there isn't a whole truckload of hardcore sex contents.Kindred Spirits on the Roof or Okujou no Yurirei-san, which I prefer the latter because it sounds cooler, is definitely not a hardcore porn game. It's got a story, or should I say 7 stories, and lesbian sex is only an essential and inevitable process in the stories.This game has no real branches - supposedly caused by the lack of funds for new branches. Choices you have to make are only related to the unlock of side stories. A good thing about those options is you don't have to start a new game to pick an alternative branch, you can just replay the story of that day and Ctrl it all through.Illustrations have their own specific style which is absolutely not the mainstream watery eyed 5-head danseimuke moe style. It's way better than that IMO.Due to copyright and other reasons you cannot have Japanese text for the game, not even for names, that's some great♥♥♥♥♥♥there.++Yuri+Enough characters to make you feel the story real (in contrary to games with only 2 or 3 characters playing around and saving the world).+No need to save the whole world (something Japanese high school students tend to do).+Full Japanese voice (in this aspect I am a Heisei Otaku who unsurprisingly dislikes MOST English dubbed Anime/Games).-No Japanese text.--Not even the Characters' names in kanji, which makes me really hard to communicate with players who played the game in Japanese / Chinese.-Very, very aged engine, with very, very limited resolution. This might be solved with some external programs but I haven't tried.Overall: 10 Yurirei sekai ichi / 10"
76561198069074135,Recommended,402620,21550286,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Commander Yuri,"Important notice: If you are looking at getting this game for all the hot steamy pics then go somewhere else. Seriously that's what the internet is for so don't waste your money.I fully expected something like that from this game, just another excuse to ogle at fictional girls. To my surprise it was not like that at all, at least in the time I've played it thus far. No gravity breaking tities, no brain-less bimbos smutting up the place, no (well, almost no) hyper exagerated archtypes. It's almost as if Kindred Spirits wouldn't be a typical anime *gasp*Joking aside there is an interesting story here to enjoy, unless you don't like visual novels then see the above note, and the characters I feel are well written so that everyone actually becomes a character and not a one note prop to move the story. Best of all this is an actual game with choices. I don't know how the choices affect the later story, but it does give some agency to the audience which I think too many types of these games forget. The story is told different angles so I also didn't feel stuck with the main character through the whole ride. A nice thing also is that I don't think the game makes blanket statements about homosexuality, there are characters who question such pairings, maybe not enough to be more realistic but enough that the audience knows this isn't a completely common thing.The one problem I have with the game is the voice acting. I am one of those anime fans who prefers anime subbed rather than dubbed which this game is, so if you have a problem with japanese voice acting that is something to note. My problem comes from the voices they chose for some of the characters. Everyone has a VA to them so that's nice, but some of them sound like kids in elementary or middle school. That's my thoughts though.It's a nice game with a good story and more character than a stereotype anime. If you enjoy these things then this might be up your alley.Bottom line: Good characters help make a good story, bad characters help it become porn."
76561198073956299,Recommended,402620,22653819,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Puckrocker1818,"Story is somewhat predictable and Cliche but I still found in engaging. If you are into VNs and have 30-40 hours to burn definately worth it. There's much more here than the ""lesbian sex game"" it seems to have gotten a reputation for."
,Recommended,402620,26907517,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Index.,<3
,Recommended,402620,33491863,Posted: 12 July,all,littlemousejelly,"Highly recommended. Finishing the game 100% (including reading all the extras) took me 23 hours, and I read at a pretty fast pace. There were so many different couples with problems of varying levels of complexity, but all of it felt fresh and fun. I love how closely-acquainted the reader gets to feel with all of the girls through the eyes of Yuna, and I also love how more context and background is provided for characters (in the extras) in relationships that may have felt sudden or contrived in the main story.There were only two things that really annoyed me:1) The game slows down drastically every couple of minutes of gameplay--which I'm sure most reviews have already complained about. The solution for me was to save immediately and close the game before it froze completely.2) Some of the voices for the girls were way too squeaky for my taste. This may not be as much of an issue for someone else, but I'll just put that out there. I got by by clicking and reading quickly, though I suppose it would have been easier to just mute.Another thing, there IS a relationship that occurs between a student and a teacher if that sort of thing really squicks anyone out. However, the teacher is very considerate and never holds her status as an adult over the student to make her do sexual things.Anyway, I love ONYS/KSOTR and all of the girls so so much. I'm ridiculously thankful that I got to live vicariously through these complex characters who struggled and overcame to share their love with their friends and girlfriends ♥"
,Recommended,402620,21994162,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,caleb89,I like this game and it's exciting to see that it's released on steam. Hope that we could have more such games on steam
76561198035930071,Recommended,402620,22132359,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Dowski です,"All I have to say is that this is really good, and really well written. I dont play a whole lot of VN's but I did quite enjoy this one. I have about 37 hours total into it and finished the main storyline.All the charaters are really well done with them all being a little different and dont all share the same things except the fact that they all like girls lol.My only real CON to this whole thing which really isnt much of one, more of just a personal gripe. I really REALLY wish more of this was voice acted. The voice acting was done really well but only really happened during key important points of certain chapters which gave more feeling to that specific scene. If It was fully voice it would be an 11/10, but as it sits its still a 10/10 would read again!Would recommend to anyone that enjoys any VN out there. #YURITOPIA"
76561198132633038,Recommended,402620,33602999,Posted: 17 July,all,We'llGonnaGetYaWe'llGonnaGropeYa,I really loved this game. the sound track & the storyline are great. 9.9/10 i wish it had a button that plays thought the dialogue because it get kinda annoying having to click every time you want to contine the dialogue especially when your eating while playing it but oh well everything about the game makes up for in the end
76561198139894366,Recommended,402620,22766620,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,SonoHana,This game fulfills my gay needs.
,Recommended,402620,32952629,Posted: 28 June,all,Nimtwo,"Beautiful experience, go buy this game now!!!"
,Recommended,402620,22711297,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Комитски,Yuritopia achieved!Aoishiro has finally found its honorable competitor within my Yuri VN ranking.10/10
,Recommended,402620,21299216,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,whyme✿ Bv,This game is gayer then running full time cozy camper sniper in 6's. 10/10
76561197988569311,Recommended,402620,21326213,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Nepster,"Im not the greatest fan of visual novel as either the story doesn't pick up my interest or the pacing is all wrong. With Kindred Spirits on the Roof i was sucked up into the story from the very start. There was some uninteresting characters, but also very interesting ones. Especially the main character's story felt really lovely and it was written well.Went in, expecting yuri and slapstick humour.Got laughs, feels and tears."
,Recommended,402620,26541639,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Ling Ling,Kindred Spirits on the Roof is very cute and is not without those tender sad moments as you learn things about the couples and the MC. If you are into romance and yuri/shoujo ai (girls love) then its perfect for you.Also I would like to point out for people wondering the version on steam and MangaGamer are identical to my knowledge. However if you can get it through MangaGamer and want to support the publishers and developers more then I would get it there. The only reason I didn't get it there is because there store wasn't working properly at the time.As is common with VN's the steam overlay is buggy/ doesn't work and alt tabbing at least for me certainly doesn't work. Also if you go afk the game seems to slow down and you need to close it because it becomes unplayable. So if you are going to leave for 5-10 minutes your best bet is to save and relaunch.However I would like to point out that none of these little bugs are in anyway game breaking or overly complicated to get over.Also there is a manga and an anime I believe but afaik it doesn't follow the same story as the VN at all its very different.
,Recommended,402620,24253679,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,gamerguy36,Runs best if played offline through the .EXE file. Great game!
,Recommended,402620,21356028,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Fore,"""I guess I'm gay""Yes, that's the point, be gay, be okay with being gay, and be gay""A True Yuritopia"" - Mjoll 2k16""It's pretty damn gay"" - AnimeKilledMe""From what I've heard it sounds GAY AS ♥♥♥♥"" - Timmy""7.8/10 to much gay"" - IGN"
,Recommended,402620,22643792,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Akarin,Let's build a yuritopia together!
76561198152034117,Recommended,402620,22822089,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,hyun,Totally worth it. BUY IT AND BE GAY.
,Recommended,402620,29025045,Posted: 4 January,all,ようそろ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°),"nOW THIS IS A GAME I CAN GET BEHINDWELL-WRITTEN YURI, BOIYOS; DOESN'T FEEL LIKE ITS FOR THE MALE GAZETHE LITTLE NSFW SCENES? BARELY A SMALL PERCENTAGE OF THE GAME. TASTEFUL TOOTHESE PAIRINGS ARE ALL DIFFERENT IN THEIR DYNAMICS WITH ONE ANOTHER; TROPES FOR EVERYONE!DID I MENTION YURI? BECAUSE, THERE'S A TON OF YURI.BUY IT. IT WORTH IT."
,Recommended,402620,23375151,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Masbro-kun,"[[ Kindred Spirits on the Roof/Okujou no Yurirei-san ]]synopsis and stuff :https://vndb.org/v8508this VN isn't fully voiced, probably around 40%the story revolves around a girl named Toomi Yuna who was being asked by 2 lesbian ghost to be a yuri cupidgiving girls a little push to confess their love, helping them if they're having trouble with their relationship, secretly ofcthe whole overall story is not really that special, it's just a typical romance story, but with girls x girls.it's yuri and basically, it's much much sweeter than straight romance imo. That's what gotten me into this VNi cherishes yuri as a pure love, even if they had sex, it's a pure love sex.for the art, well, it's not that great it's a standard VN art, quite polished, and the character design is pretty goodno comment for the music because i basically enjoy everything that i like to hearall in all, it's a pretty good VN if you're searching for diabetes and kidney failures. If you're reading the VN just for the lesbian sex, you're gonna be disappointed though, there isn't much sex scene in here. If you want to read lesbian VN for the sex, just read SonoHana series instead.oh and they never show ♥♥♥♥♥♥s in this VNoverall rating : 8/10yuri is sweet, no?"
,Recommended,402620,21272362,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,grapevine,"""B-but that's forbidden love, girls can't love girls!""- That one lesbian from Madoka Magica"
76561198104381967,Recommended,402620,21281533,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,FutureFighter,"This game is honestly amazing. Played through loving all of the characters and their interactions. I just wish the ending didn't suck. You should have been able to choose who you were with in my opinion. Aside from the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ ending they forced upon you, it was a great game."
,Recommended,402620,30000543,Posted: 17 February,all,Darbee,"Length: Medium (10- 30 hrs)Avg read: 14-16 hrs + 1-2 hrs of extrasType: Shoujo AiDescription:Kokonotsuboshi Girls' Academy of Commerce, a school built on the site of an old castle, nicknamed ""Shirojo."" One day, the timid Toomi Yuna, who had been living a quiet life at this school, suddenly met two ghosts on the roof during lunch:Enoki Sachi, who died in an accident before the war, and Nagatani Megumi, who died of illness 30 years ago. The two ""kindred spirits"" died with unrequited feelings in their hearts, met, and fell in love. They ardently wish to experience their ""first time"" together before their eternal rest....But they don't know how.The two who are bound to the site of the school enlist Yuna to help them create more ""yuri"" couples at the school so that they can glean some sexual insight from observing them, and to assist the girls struggling with their hidden feelings.Overall Thoughts: I enjoyed the ride for what it was. Kindred Spirits was hard for me to get into at first. I say the first 3 hrs are a pain to get through, but afterwards the story is enjoyable as it branches out over the next few months in the VN. The use of the planner makes the game easier to get through imo as its a pacer of sorts. Enjoyed the couples and glad they didn't pair up all the characters.  Good Yuri VN for the price. Drama CDs there if you end up loving one of the pairing and need more afterstory.Pros: Length to price is good.Good number of extras after the story is finished.Best girl ends of Single as she is best girl.R18+ Scenes added-inLove the PlannerCons: Lack of music tracks made me mute the game after 5 - 7 hrs in.MC background event could have been deeper and more issues for the game length.Presonally I didn't care for the main pairing.Solid 7/10"
,Recommended,402620,29770801,Posted: 7 February,all,Chogos,I don't even care any more when my friends call me gay.10/10
76561198035439028,Recommended,402620,23246207,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Ku Nel Sanders,"Right when you think it's over, prepare yourself for even more yuri."
,Recommended,402620,21740460,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Okazaki,"Loved it from the beggining. Its quality and length make it worth the price.If you are into VNs, it is extremely unlikely for you to dislike this game, as it has almost everything a VN lover wants.Decent lenght, lovely characters, different perspectives that add depth to the story, slow and realistic growth in the relationships, etc.One of the few yuri vns that are NOT the tipical porn game in which the developers find any excuse to show you a naked girl every 5 minutes.If you like VNs, just buy it. I guarantee you wont regret it."
76561198182290599,Recommended,402620,22713310,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,PrettyInPink,"Basically Field of Dreams except that instead of a baseball field, the main character builds a yuritopia where the phrase ""If you build it, they will come"" takes on a completely different meaning."
,Recommended,402620,24981795,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,普通Shendow,Kindred Spirits on the Roof is a fantastic and well-written Visual Novel. It was so engaging that I could honestly spend hours on it without interruption.PS: Yuna is the best girl
76561198058362179,Recommended,402620,23894764,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,jessicamcmartin,"A fun read with intereting characters. A great, relaxed VN that's also a fairly good intro to the VN world for those interested in getting into the genre."
76561198199724706,Recommended,402620,21253575,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Aviril,"The disclaimer lies to you ;-) I doubt people in Japan stay at school until they're 21And there's more swearing than sex, so if you don't like hentai where it takes forever to get to the lewd parts then this is not for you (took me 23 hours, but I'm a slow reader)"
76561198057024845,Recommended,402620,21246134,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,leon-lindsay,it was great....   well maybe not great....  it was ok....nah...  it was GREAT.....10/10
76561198135506589,Recommended,402620,21246334,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Ranger188,"It's lovely. It's a light hearted story not only about romance, but also friendship. The characters are interesting and think like people. I grew to like the pairs I didn't have much interest in at the beginning when they opened up about themselves. Very cute and worth my time."
,Recommended,402620,21251692,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,ringhloth,Definitely worth it if you're interested in VNs at all. Probably one of the best I've read. Just know that there's no gameplay and very little choice.
76561198064243190,Recommended,402620,21238635,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,zephyr,very well put together. and each love story is cute and well developed. best ive played ^^
,Recommended,402620,23810050,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Theta,Premium yuri action
,Recommended,402620,21292232,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,dabbing on your corpse,it's pretty good
,Recommended,402620,21317791,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,SakuraKoi,"A fair number of romances, neither too long nor too short and very well written. The stories intervine perfectly and the characters interact naturally with each other. One is able look into each character's head and maybe that's why they are all very likeable, everyone has their own reasonable concerns and worries. In terms of writing and length this may very well be the best visual novel I have read so far in a genre I am quite fond of but end up being disappointed very often.Sadly the audiovisuals are not on par with the writing and those which other VNs present, I don't mind the mild and pure depiction of what made it unsuitable for all-ages, it's quite fitting actually and just shortly going back to the writing: Those scenes are actually quite meaningful unlike in some many other works.It's obvious why the audio could be better, way better, while the Voice Actresses are all very good as one might expect, the times there is actually voice acting is very limited.About the visuals, while not bad at all, it'S just that in comparison the drawing appears crude and the number of sprites is low. I can't really argue about the prior but still I personally prefer it smoother.Woth mentioning and up to each self to decide is whether they really want a story with real choices and different endings because the choices here are swallow and there is only one ending for all. I really do not mind at all though obviusly it would had been an interesting read if it was possible to end up with other character.Certainly there is also the point regarding the price but that's again not up to me to decide, all I can is inform you about the fact that I took like 20... or maybe even 30? hours reading it (and like 20h idling, napping or doing something else while Steam was counting an alt-tab'd game) so it seems like a fair value proposition to me at least, as long as it is enjoyable that is and indeed this was the case for me."
,Recommended,402620,30643060,Posted: 20 March,all,Pf'z.Quiche,TIL ghosts can be gay
76561197999531024,Recommended,402620,21189842,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,DinoChimp,More yuri VN's on steam can never be a bad thing. Recommended for any yuri fan.Pro:- I quite liked the story.- It's a yuri VN on steam.Con:- The price is a bit high.- Story starts of a bit slow up gets better.
76561198006455520,Recommended,402620,23825877,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,🅹🅸🆂🅺🆁🅰,"For the Yuritopia !!!(edited after actualy finishing the game)This game is really good. It got touching story, nice visuals and fine music.Protagonist is second year student Yuna in all girls high school. One day Yuna gains ability to see two ghosts girls (Kindred Spirits) on the roof of school building. Those two rope Yuna into helping girls in love, express theyr feelings and archive hapines together.Game is ""played"" by selecting scenes from calendar and leting them play out. Each month you first play out all scenes of main story (usualy staring Yuna and ""kindred spirits"") and then you get to explore events of same month from point of view of other characters. Unfortunetly you have to go thru all scenes for the month to be able to advance into next, unfortunetly because i didnt really care for some of the characters and i would happily skip theyr scenes.Voice acting is quite good but only about 1/5 of scenes are actualy voiced. To be honest, VN with that kind of price tag i would expect to be fully voiced so this was kind of disapointment. Proper voice acting really changes mood of the scenes so not having them all voiced is unfortunate.Anyway kudos toMangagamer.comfor bringing this game to Steam uncensored/thumbsupand once moreFOR THE YURITOPIA!!!!"
,Recommended,402620,21628901,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,DistopiaGod,Bought the game with my masculine steam cashGot the cash betting on CS:GOStarted the game wanting some Hentai and♥♥♥♥♥♥I imagined the game wouldnt have it on the startPlayed trying to find the HentaiThe plot is goodNow im playing for the PlotAnd my family dishonred me...10/10 - Worth it
,Recommended,402620,21241626,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,xKBLx Dax,Yeah it's pretty good.
,Recommended,402620,23611007,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Dullahan,"Good story, Great Characters"
,Recommended,402620,22440408,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,ISIS-chan,"I'm a simple man. I see lesbians, I fap"
,Recommended,402620,24291286,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Koi X,Had to blair Disturbed to get through it. 10/10 would destroy my ears again.
,Recommended,402620,28962680,Posted: 2 January,all,Empress Dowager,"Not enough make-out scenes, jeez. Real relationships+porn plz"
,Recommended,402620,29888914,Posted: 12 February,all,ADDICTED to Judge Judy,so sexist...... i cant believe they just let that tentacle monster loose on all the lesbians at the end.................. i do NOT recommend this... it is worse than yaoi
76561198031433188,Recommended,402620,23716440,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Slayer Of Stoners,It's great
,Recommended,402620,21190937,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Garbage,i plugged in 2 keyboards to try and speedrun it. it didnt work.
76561197971734476,Not Recommended,402620,21284828,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,knuckles_jeff,"Thr only reason im not recomending this title is becuase I dont think its worth the price tag of 35$. Though I do have alot of issues with the game. This game is far from bad.Pros;-The game has a very nice art style good voice acting.-The game does have a good story to tell as well.-Soundtrack is nice but gets annoying after awhileCons-There is only one ending to this game.-The very few choices you make only unlock extra dialoge after you beat the game.-It is only partial voice acting-Genrous amount of save slots when only one is reqruied-For all the 18+ uncensord and uncut hype this game got it is extremly mild.-Very little variety in terms of art.( 90% of the art assets are the same cut outs of a characters placed in front of a few differnt backrounds.Overall if you like a good story about about lesbian highschool girls then this game is for you.  For those looking for a move foraward in uncencered and uncut content on steam, this games is not it.( The  short sex scenes in Wolfinstien New Order are more graphic than this)."
,Recommended,402620,21160000,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Sigmastorm7,"I think it's hard to call a visual novel a game, but hey, clicking is technically a game mechanic, right? Anyway, this game was designed for a very specific demographic. If you do not consider yourself part of this ""demographic"" or are looking to become part of it, don't start here. Go far away from here. However, if you are indeed a lonely manchild, you might want to check this one out. It's got nice visuals, and pretty good music. It's also about helping lesbians hook up. There's really no more depth to it than that. I'm not going to lie to you and write some review about how the story is miles beyond the teenage wet dreams you'd find on a fan fiction website. This is a game just like how Fifty Shades of Grey deserved to be  a New York Times best seller, but even that found its market in sad middle-aged mothers. Basically, just know your taste in games and you won't disappointed when you do/don't decide to purchase this game.TL;DR - A highschool girl learns that even in death, one cannot escape the unstoppable tide of yuri love. 10/10"
,Not Recommended,402620,27703903,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,xDaudex,This game put me to sleep. If only the characters and writting were better it may have been good.
,Not Recommended,402620,28497334,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,##f #,"An extreme level of degeneracy is required to play this game. Honestly, this visual novel is just absolutely horrendous, and the character's personalities are as flat as their chests.Firstly, the entire premise of this garbage is inherently flawed. Lesbian ghosts who try to push real-life lesbians into couples? Really? Do you have an extra chromosome or two? That is just the worst idea for a story I have ever heard. The guy was probably kicked out of his literature course in University and lives in his mom's basement eating chicken tendies.Secondly, the writing is on par with the level of ♥♥♥♥♥♥ harry potter ""Harry x Dumbledore"" fanfiction. Who ever the writers were don't understand human beings and how they interact. I imagine their experience with actual people - women specifically - is limited to when they visit those japanese maid cafes.Hayao Miyazaki is often misquoted as saying ""anime was a mistake."" But it's right, it is absolutely right. If you watch anime you are a fundamentally broken human being and you need to see a therapist. Right. Now. You are a disgrace the the billions of years of evolution that allowed for your existance.I will never get these hours back, never. Life is short and after playing this life feels massively shorter."
76561198058228631,Recommended,402620,22153706,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,tmort_22,"So hey, first ever review!-Heard about this game from an article about it being uncensored. I hope Steam allows more of this in the future, regardless of the genders or sex included.-Shockingly, lesbian pairings and girl on girl stuff really isn't my ""thing"", and while the price made me almost reconsider, I jumped in and played it, and only just now reached the ending.-Don't watch that intro if you don't want spoilers!Pros-1. Very good story in visual format, great artwork and settings2. Well-developed characters, a majority of them being more than one-dimensional and fleshed-out (Phrasing, Boom!)3. Different perspectives, sometimes with surprising results!4. Emotionally heavy, but not in a burdensome way5. Light humor, heavy on the drama, sad when it needs to be, and nothing really unrealistic actually ('cept GHOSTS)6. Music fits really well with the situations, especialy with the tone of the scenes7. And featuring unsusual amounts of Japanese cuisine!Cons-1. Some perspective scenes are really repetitive, both with dialog and music2. Some pairings are just going to be more interesting than others3. You are given dialog choices, but quickly find that they don't have a lot of impact (even if you totally guess correctly)...Yet you need to replay those to choose the other option for unlocks later, D'oh!4. Weird pacing, not only with certain parts of the plot but with the events as they play out on the calander.Final verdict: 9/10Ending was great, the couples are fun, the game is casual yet allows you to become invested in it if you so desire. Reads better than most mangas. I absolutely recommend this game to fans of dating sims and visual novels alike."
,Recommended,402620,22191173,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,K-S-O,"For how silly the premise is, the store is surprisingly well done.  The characters are well-portrayed, the dialogue has good translation and all the characters overcome their conflicts and become better for it.  As long as you are okay with the not-work safe material I would highly recommend this visual novel, especially if the subject matter interests you."
,Recommended,402620,22116852,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,cliasuka,cool
,Recommended,402620,22225933,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Ellis,"I played 19 hours of this game, I'm now going to delete the shame.In other words, This game is more proof that I need a job."
76561198091223830,Recommended,402620,22051343,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Natalie,This was my first dating sim that I have played and I gotta say I hope that others can measure up this because it was pretty amazing. I identify as lesbian so I don’t know if I will find many more that are of the same subject matter but I hope so. It was so impactful that I feel like I have been in a few relationships these past few weeks. The characters are complex and all the ways the stories intertwine is amazing. In the end I was so happy with ending I went to work today with a big smile on my face. Like I had just spent a few weeks on vacation with a girlfriend. So amazing. I hope they make more games like this in the future!
76561198071791361,Recommended,402620,22116181,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Thorgarrus,It was a gift.
76561198036806514,Recommended,402620,22247098,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,jamdragonslayer,"This game is a rare gem in the visual novel genre.  The story is basic but always keeps you wanting to read more.  I actually couldn't sleep until I finished and that doesn't happen to me with visual novels.  The characters are all endearing although 3 of them I didn't much like until the end but with a cast of about 16 or so characters 3 isn't that bad.  For a VN of this nature they also avoid using tropes to limit characters.  I mean the tropes exist but not one character I found to be limited by them.  The romances were fairly believable as well.  They showed some of the bad but didn't rely on soap opera style exagerations to show it.  Also the couples run the gamut from serious and dramatic problems to just gut busting comedy at times, but none of it feels forced.  Two of the couples in particular I always look forward to because they are funny but it was the kind of funny I've seen in real relationships.  A must read even if girl's love isn't your cup of tea.  Try it and you may just find a kindred spirit of your own."
,Recommended,402620,21901506,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Haza,Kindred Spirits is everything I could want from it.
,Recommended,402620,21952683,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Tainosha,"Saw this game a while ago and was super excited to hear about the English version so I bought it when it was released.This game is everything I love and more, I think even the mature scenes were not that bad. I enjoyed the plot a lot and even legitamately cried at some parts."
,Recommended,402620,21994118,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Sarrus,Contains less rooftop than advertised ; )
,Recommended,402620,21879387,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Karakasa Kozō,It's pretty good.
,Recommended,402620,21961679,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,lonely_dragon,"Yuritopia FTW! Definitely enjoyed the game, character development, art and music.Story plot is satsfying as you progress the game, if I have a request that would be a route for the mc with a certain other character."
76561198027504158,Recommended,402620,21322224,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Yami,"So steam finally approved an ""eroge"" game on steam...what a time to be alive!Kindred Spirits on the Roof is a yuri VN that focuses on a teenage girl named Yuna, who is asked to act as a cupid around school and help girls to form romantic relationships with other girls, all with the help of 2 spirits who's sole purpose is to learn how to make love.With the lack of good yuri VNs, this is a must to everyone who is into this kind of genre, and I hope this will show companies that there is an audiance for such content ."
76561198092697663,Recommended,402620,21351313,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,I Have Many Names,"It's a great visual novel with good artwork and a fantastic story. Perfect for any yuri fans or anyone who wants to see a good love story. The length of the game depends on how fast you can read, but I'd say it took me about thirty hours to go through the story and another 4 or 5 for the bonus scenes. All voice acting is in Japanese, and it only occurs in important scenes. The only bug with the game is that it doesn't mesh well with steam, so you can't open the steam overlay or take screenshots, and if you're playing the game through steam, it will sometimes freeze after 15 minutes. That can be avoided though by just running the program itself instead of playing it through steam. Fantastic visual novel that I will continue to distract me from any homework."
,Recommended,402620,21592485,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,DeadLeaves,is good
76561198153341898,Recommended,402620,21592486,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,skyanime1123,Recommend.
,Recommended,402620,21286488,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,unasdoop,"Game is very gay, lots of gay girls. They do gay things.Have to play running the .exe directly though or it starts lagging which is more annoying that it sounds.ending is sad/10"
76561198272659195,Recommended,402620,21660526,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Agent_Blitz,"I just bought this game on a whim even tho its a bit pricey... but I can say now that this game is definitely worth it... It has an interesting story, cool and refreshing art style, great character development, realistic portrayal of relationships and how it progressess, and lastly the characters will leave you in an emotional rollercoaster...Overall- if your thinking of buying it, then buy it cuz its definitely not a letdown... its surprisingly longer than I thought..."
76561198006393871,Recommended,402620,22085465,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Acre Lorraine,"I don't think I can really add much more to what people have already said.  The visual novel is good.  After getting the full clear I suppose I can say this.  It is a very straight forward game.  There are no branching paths and your choices don't particularly have any effect except for unlocking secret scenes throughout the year after the main storyline is complete.I suppose my only gripe was that I didn't get a fully animated scene for Youka's show even as extra content.  I guess I can't ding them for not going above and beyond, I'm glad they recorded it at least.The story is nice, there's enough variety that you'll have at least one couple to really root for.  It's a very solid game.  The game is not really a mold breaker(except for being on steam) so if you like this sort of visual novel, you'll like Kindred Spirits.  If you want to give visual novels a try, this is a good place to start."
76561198292127591,Recommended,402620,22035633,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,SlumlordThanatos,"Well, it admirably succeeded in making me feel even more lonely while I'm cooped up in my dorm during Spring Break, so...mission accomplished?10/10 would definitely buy more if Steam started carrying it.Although they could take it easy on the honorifics next time. I still can't put names to faces, even after finishing it."
76561198056897075,Recommended,402620,21935184,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,PaWe,"50+ hours of yuri, nothing more to say."
76561198042742982,Recommended,402620,25197177,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,pantspatrol,"Really enjoyable story, more so then most other vn I've played, I was a little sad when it was ended.only real cons to it were the rising action of the story kinda drags on, though the climax and resolution are fine. and personally i didn't care for one of the couples, but to each their own so it's really a minor thing."
76561198044041394,Recommended,402620,21267761,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Fuzzle,"Finally! Yuri that isn't mindless fluff or melodrama! Even if the premise is a bit ridiculous, Kindred Spirits is suprisingly down to earth with it's treatment of the various relationships. The main complaint I have is the small soundtrack, and if you binge read like I do, it can get a bit repetetive. Still a very solid VN though."
76561198283624215,Recommended,402620,21268065,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Yumiri,I enjoyed the storyI give it 10/10
,Recommended,402620,23109412,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Azathoth,"The only game that has left me with the ""Did i finished the game or the game finished me"" sensation, and, maybe im the only one but, once you finish the main story, you  dont care about the game's side story anymore, again, maybe its just me, but pretty cool visual novel. Im glad i bought this game, i kinda was hoping that the end would make me cry, it didnt :uStill, i strongly recomend that, if you like VNs, cool characters and yuri you should get this ASAP. And remember, this VN is about how romance developes, not justsex, so if you are hoping to get something like that, you should instead go for the sakura series. (Or wait until the summer camp):)"
,Recommended,402620,23089628,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Edalwulf Bergmann,"This VN is /u/ aproved!(Aki/Youka is the best pair, by the way.)"
76561198042100947,Recommended,402620,21759107,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Rune,"Let me preface this by saying that I have a big problem with this game thats soured my entire experience with it. However for the most part I really love it. The couples are a bit hit and miss but they're clealry designed try and tick as many boxes as possible and theres a couple for everyone I think. The game looks and sounds good, though its resolution options (or total lack therof) are a bit annoying and I came across a reoccurring bug where the game wold freeze after about an hour playtime, though I suspect this is more a harware problem and not the real probelm i have with this game.The problem is that what you want, doesnt matter in this game. This game is about as linear as it gets and any choices you make are at best completely pointless and at worst simply there to give you the illusion you're participating. Now heres the real kicker. The game has a romance involving the player character, which you get to influence in absolulely no way whatsoever. A fact i learned after i made a choice the i thought loigically, would almost certianly cause a different outcome and it having apparenly no effec and never being brought up again.Honestly finding out that I had no agency in this world was shocking. The game's own presentation and genre had made me think that, of course being able to pick who the protagonist ended up with, that was a given. Instead the game had presented me with a choice that caused me to anticipate that I would get to pick a romance and given me idea who i would get to pick between and I in my enthusiam latched onto it. But I latched onto the wrong character, the one who though i prefered i suddenly wasnt allowed to romance. I was never supposed to romace them but I thought I would be able to and as it seemed more and more like I really wasnt ever going to get to romace the character I had over the course of ten hours set my heart on the more I resented the other character for not being her.Now you may be thinking. ""That's a bit entitled surely? If the developers want to tell a paticular story they're allowed to."" Which I agree with wholeheartedly. But it brings me to my second problem with this aspect of the game, which is that I find this romace to be uncharacterisically uncompelling, In fact I find the inital premise behind the romance slightly offputting being about as close to incest as you can get without it actually being incest and its not like this is a par of the game that can be skipped or skimmed over as its the main storyline."
,Recommended,402620,27046403,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,PvtRyan,"If I had to describe this game in one word, that word would be ""tasteful.""If you buy this game (and, really, you should), you'll find the most tasteful, well-baked, meaningful scenes in the entire Yuri genre out of any visual novel out there.Consider, for the moment, the sex scenes. I've seen a lot of sex scenes (really, admittedly, I have), and, in general, I get into a scene and feel very comfortable being there, observing what's going on. These scenes are different, because they made me a little uncomfortable, but in a very good way. They make you feel guilty for intruding, which is something I don't think I've experienced before in a piece of media with NSFW content. It's impossible to get to those (pretty rare) scenes while also thinking of them as ""cheap."" They're not cheap, and, honestly, when you get to them, your heart and mind are more prone to explosive reactions than whatever's in your pants.That's all because of the really well-executed buildup, where, for hours, you get to see these diverse and human characters build relationships with each other, going from strangers to acquaintances to friends to lovers, over a reasonable and realistic span of time. The calendar system in this game contributes to this wonderfully: by knowing when during the year each and every scene takes place, your mind quietly fills in the gaps between interaction with all the mundane stuff that you know has to happen at some point, unlike in other VNs where (presumably) the protagonist(s) is living a normal life until all of a sudden *boom* stuff just happens and *keeps* happening for some length of time over which the story takes place.Not in Kindred Spirits. You are sat down back in your chair and told to -- if you'll allow me to paraphrase -- ""sit down, shut the ♥♥♥♥ up, and settle down for the long haul. These things -- they take time.""Likewise the atmosphere, visuals, soundtrack, and extra content are all fantastic. Would you ever have thought that a yuri DRAMA CD would ever be on anyone's localization plans? Well, they are with Kindred Spirits. When you're done with the game, you have plenty of extra material to go take a look at if the game really tickled your fancy.The only regrettable thing is the lack of complete voice acting, but it's nothing deal-breaking. Voice acting is present for when it absolutely needs to be. When Hina says ""Yuna-nee,"" it just makes me smile."
76561198021154908,Recommended,402620,26836030,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Falleax,"A beautiful story of romance between girls. This visual novel tells the story of some lesbian ghosts who can't pass on because they regret not being able to have sex with each other.While they work on figuring out how to do that, they try their best to help other lesbian girls that attend the school they haunt to find true love.If you like yuri, you owe it to yourself to get this."
76561198084588203,Recommended,402620,26683626,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,♥ thebucketlord  ♥,its worth the wait ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
76561198063324413,Recommended,402620,26887667,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Darth Nox,"Fantastic story with lots of dynamic characters.Probably the best VN I have ever read, and the romances are all great"
76561198039685094,Recommended,402620,26930908,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Eagle262,I cried a little at the ending
,Recommended,402620,21382167,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,Endymion,"Excels in everything it attempts to do, and does so brilliantly.Your first impression should be all you need to tell if you will enjoy this or not, and if that is a yes, then you will likely enjoy it quite a bit.As for price, 30-35 seems steep, but for me it was very worth it. Decide for yourself if you want to wait for it to be less or not.It would be nice if the OST was available here as well as it is very good. I can't believe they did the drama CDs but not that."
76561197986398583,Recommended,402620,25495705,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,Archangel,"TLDR: A superb yuri romance novel, light of tone and very well-written.Long version:This is a superb collection of interwoven love stories. Each one is a yuri (lesbian) relationship--in fact, there are no male characters in the story at all. Most of the couples follow classic archetypes, but the actual execution is pretty unique for each. All the characters are extremely lovable, and the dynamics of their respective relationships and the challenges they face are well thought-out and seem very plausible (to me, anyway).The best part about the way this novel is structured is that, as you get to know each of the characters, you also learn how they touch each others' lives. This makes the world feel more real, and gives a good sense of the larger school community of which these women are a part.Graphics are pretty normal for a visual novel (that is to say good). There's not enough variety in the music IMO, but the music that is there is also quite good. The ""planner"" interface is different, but I found it quite effective once I got used to it. I always turn voices off when I read visual novels, so I can't comment on the quality of the voice acting.9/10, will read again (which is more than I can say of most novels I read) :)"
76561198042587006,Recommended,402620,27349917,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Catsnax,Really sweet and heartwarming... A bit weird though a perfect 5/7
,Recommended,402620,23101846,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Zachafinackus,"Definitely one of my favorite games thanks to the stoyline. Each character with their own personalities makes you really enjoy watching them all fall in love with their respective partners. I really reccommend this game to anyone that really just wants to sit down and enjoy a story, rather than playing a game, as it's really nice to just sit down and have fun with the story of this game.EDIT: The only thing I wish it had more of was a few more poses for each character. The same ones are used quite often and it makes it feel a little repetitive. Even just simple changes in facial expresstions more often would have been nice.Still an amazing game. 10/10. :)"
76561198078424269,Recommended,402620,21385081,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,Jakob the Hermit,"Mm. It's good. The most adorable thing I've ever seen. Warm, fuzzy feelings consumed most of my free time for a week.The Drama CDs are good extras for after the game, and I'm waiting for the manga to come out. I'll also probably get the Deluxe Edition of the game because I feel it's worth it."
,Recommended,402620,24288518,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Exist 2 Inspire,"One of the most adorable things i ever played/read! Worth every cent, i really like the Art and the chars in this VN! Would love to see a second game!Yuritopia ftw~!"
76561198254744478,Recommended,402620,24005847,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,VioletSkye,"This was an amazing game and experience I got to go through with all these charaters. They're all well written and devloped, the art is amazing, and everything is just lovely. I couldn't stop playing once I started and I absoultely love it."
76561198123449186,Recommended,402620,24212098,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Belthasar,"I read visual novels fairly frequently, but I can honestly say that I haven't ever seen one as good as Kindred Spirits on the Roof. This game is something special. I loved everything about this game, from the art and the music to the characters and how they developed."
76561198209583951,Recommended,402620,29437360,Posted: 22 January,all,Schiena,"This is the MANIFESTO of Yuri, the defenitive Yuri Visual Novel like almost no other.My only regret from buying the digital Steam version of this game is that now I want the physical version, with the Japanese text too...!Favourite confession:Aki-YoukaFavourite Sex scene:Kiri-TsukuyoFavourite ending:Miyu-Matsuri10/10"
,Recommended,402620,29363723,Posted: 19 January,all,Remudwn,The yuri game. would be nice if you could buy the drama cds as dlc though...
76561198255892117,Recommended,402620,29571060,Posted: 29 January,all,der Mann ohne Namen,Really not bad. Different game from all the others ;-)
76561198266485330,Recommended,402620,29816580,Posted: 9 February,all,Lol,Yuri :3
76561198048404089,Recommended,402620,29785679,Posted: 8 February,all,ImGerik,"As a fan of pure yuri, this game is great. The main focus is spread among several couples and how they became more than friends (or strangers). The point of view is distributed among the characters and most of the girls get some narration time. There's a good variety of personalities and relationships too.The choices don't affect anything which was a bit dissapointing.There's a time where you can pick between two girls but always end up with one.Side note: If you play the demo, then buy the game, do not import your save from the demo. It will prevent you from making early different dialogue choices, which may provide a couple extra scenes after playing through the main story."
76561198069619221,Recommended,402620,29647358,Posted: 2 February,all,BishiDe,"Let me first explain that I had to play the game through my local files to not experience the game lag that comes with playing the game through Steam. Yes it's very noticable after 15 to 20 minutes of reading. Playing through the local files did not count my play time. It doesn't look like they, Steam, plan to fix it if they haven't already. That said however, Kindred Spririts is a pretty good visual novel. I went in with pretty high expectations due to this game being the most popular GL on VNDB. It's not perfect by all means especially in regards to visual novel technical standards. But it tells a good story. I guess I should list the pros and cons, imo.Pros:+ 7 total couples to watch grow closer. Personally I loved 3 of them, found 3 alright, and only disliked one. Not bad.+ It's a pretty long game. It took me 3 weeks to get through it doing a few ""days"" at a time.+ The story is broken down into day sized chapters. Which makes it great for players like myself who can only play for bits at a time due to life. However some of these can be longer than others.+After following the main story every month, you get to check out various side couple stories through their perspectives. Some scenes are just different POVs from the main story but overall they are unique and each narrator has their own charm to telling their story.+ The game does give you a little control in the order you want to do the side stories, which you do have to read to advance the main story, to then unlock more side stories. That's the system of the progression in this game. I kind of like it though it can leave you on some messed up cliffhangers sometimes.+ There is a fair amount of sprites for each character, mainly just facial expressions and a few outfits, but it does help to make the game more enjoyable.+ The story is kind of heart-warming, touching, and even exciting at times. I did really enjoy the story. And a majority of the characters.Before I gush on amd on about what I liked let's talk about things I didn't. Cons:- You have no control over the story what so ever. The ""choices"" you make are just used after you beat the game to unlock extra scenes. Which add length to the game, but still. It really is a Kinetic Novel.-The BGM is lackluster. In fact I would go so far to say a few of the common tracks are down right annoying. Cheery buhdupduh chorus on loop is kind of grating. The rest of the BGM is forgettful. However there is a track that plays during the most touching scenes that is quite beautiful and tugs the heart strings.-The game is NOT fully voice acted. Only important and H scenes seem to be. I'd say about 30% percent is voice acted, and that might be a little generous.-I was really expecting to hear Youka sing a song that was pretty damn important to the plot. But the lyrics aren't even there either!- The premise of the game is that the two ghost girls want to watch other girls do it so they can and then be at peace and move on. It's not really a focus of the game until it dumps H scenes all over you at the end. Mind you, they are done well and tasteful as H scenes can go. And thankfully not that long. But, they should of been spread out more. I ended up really annoyed by them, and only really read the main couple's.- Only three couples struggle with real world homesexuality issues. Like peer/family rejection. It's pretty unrealistic that none them face any consequences. On the flip side I guess, it is nice to just see GL bloom.TLDR: In the end, I'd still recommend it to curious GL fans. It is a pretty good game despite the high price and flaws within. You just need to understand that it is not fully voice acted and your choices don't matter. But if you can accept those two things Kindred Spirits does tell a tale worth reading."
76561198299640955,Recommended,402620,29909586,Posted: 13 February,all,bekmasters,You will like this. that is all
,Recommended,402620,22934293,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,quib,...
76561198193436781,Recommended,402620,34230248,Posted: 14 August,all,Hitrizvl,"Of all the games I've played through Steam, this by far, has been one of the best purchases I have made. More content than I could have imagined just to start with. There are many storylines of all kinds of yuri couples that you get to observe in a fashion I quite enjoyed. Even better yet- (possibly spoilerish?)when all is said and done, the game doesn't end at the credits. Finish the ride out and one last 'day' and you'll unluck *more*!Hardpressed to find many decent Yuris with realistic stories (and bodies at that) that are all cute. Give it a whirl."
,Recommended,402620,34747235,Posted: 4 September,all,crazyJman80,"Let me just say this. I enjoyed this game, I mean it's your standard issue high school romance story just WAITING to be adapted into a 12 episode anime, but I would recommend it.The sex scenes don't happen until basically the end (sorry if that's the only reason you bought it.) , and they all happen basically in the same in game week off one another. On top of that, they're all pretty underwhelming, like Mass Effect or Saints Row IV kinda underwhelming. Sorry to disappoint.But the real thing I loved is the story to it. Without spoiling it, I fell in love with some of the pairings and almost stopped caring about the main campaign all together and cared almost exclusively for the side stories going on. I especially loved Youka and Aki.But aside from that, an overall pretty good game that doesn't completely become your standard issue yuri anime."
,Recommended,402620,35049711,Posted: 18 September,all,IMBAker,"Better and bigger than expected, the characters are all likeable and the art and music are great. If you like yuri this game is definitely a must play.There is also a lot of extra content after you finish the game that expands upon the main story, and if you want more after that there are Drama CDs too that take place a couple of years after the main game and are a lot of fun too."
76561198009129621,Recommended,402620,35190198,Posted: 24 September,all,onitake,"Okujou no yurirei-san - or Kindred Spirits on the Roof, as the English-language version is called - is a heart-warming romance novel in video game form, with an exclusive focus on girl-with-girl relationships.As an long-standing fan of this genre, the characters and the story have quickly grown on to me. I would even go so far as to call this game a shining example of exactly how yuri should be. This also applies to the game's erotic content, which is very tame by most standards. It's not surprising that Valve accepted the game in its current form, despite it being rated '18+' by the publishers.The price tag may seem a bit high, and I have to admit that I was initially put off by it, but it was absolutely worth it. The voice over was kept from the Japanese version, and the English translation is great.9/10, with a small deduction for keeping the original game engine. A port to Ren'Py with macOS and Linux support would have been the icing on the cake."
76561198009251807,Recommended,402620,35201118,Posted: 25 September,all,Winter9,"What can I say about this game but just brillant, even if you disregard the fact that it's a yuri game.(which don't get me wrong you should'nt it's awesome)The story, art work and music are just awesome, this is the first visual novel that i've played (thanks to LudaAagames) and since then I downloaded many more.If you are on the fence about this game, don't be jump that sucker and enjoy."
