user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,402710,34424077,Posted: 22 August,all,Crilp,"The purpose of my review is to tell people writing negative reviews, *YOU HAVE TO OPT INTO THE BETA TO GET THE VERSION YOU SEE IN VIDEOS*In order to opt into beta:Right-Click Osiris in the library, click PropertiesNavigate to the ""Betas"" tab at the topclick the drop down menu, and select OpenBetaPlease mark the review as helpful, so we can correct the Mixed rating over the falsely accused ""Too hard to start."" The open beta corrects all of the bugs and problems negative reviews say!EDIT: As of 8/28/17 the ""BETA"" that I had told you to opt into has now been moved to the stable branch. Thank you to everyone who has marked this review as helpful! Should this situation happen again, I will update the review."
76561197974190043,Recommended,402710,25791707,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Alvega,"Didn't try multiplayer yet because i know they are still fixing it. I'm enjoying the single player, great atmosphere, 60 FPS locked on my GTX 1060, smooth as silk.Aliens AI is nice, they attack but when they see i wasted their mates they retreat, lol. Yes, they sometimes attack in groups. Nights are terrifying, i can can see lots of them outside my habitat window, trying to get in. Robot died fast when they showed up. Good thing i will get another when i log in again.The visuals are great, only one planet (in fact it's a planet moon) for now, but more will come. The storms are great, you better carry an inflatable dome with you if you want to get through them without problems). I didn't see the meteor yet.Still lots of bugs , like the resolution bug which cuts the edges of the screen for people using 16:10 resolutions, aliens not damaging your structures, being able to shoot aliens  from inside the habitat glass windows without damaging the windows, and more,  but very playable.Avoid multiplayer for now, low FPS and problems with item disappearing. They are trying to fix it.It makes me sick some people buying the game in the first day in EA and immediately asking for refund when they see they have low FPS in multiplayer. The right thing to do would be to play single player and wait a couple days for them to fix multiplayer. This game as lots of potential, the devs deserve our help.I'll update this review when i play some more.Update 1: After playing some more, i noticed alien taming is not possible yet. They are working on it.Also, be aware that after 10 to 15 hours you will have built all there is to build, and there won't be anything else to do in the game if you are not the PVP kind of player. There is no challenge for PVE players yet, i only died once to the crater worm and that was because i didn't see it coming the first time. I didn't need to eat or drink yet. If you stay inside at night you will never die, after you learn how to avoid the crater worm.They need to add much more content soon and increase the difficulty for PVE players. As a comparison, Ark and Subnautica are much more challenging and difficult when we start fresh.I still recomend the game for the concept, graphics and ambience, in the hope that they can add much more to it soon. After all it's a 4 day early access game."
,Recommended,402710,28252019,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Merfy,"I have had a lot of fun in Osiris so far, however, I would recommend you hold onto your cash until release. If you're the sort of person who really enjoys the standard update cycle of Early Access games then this may definitely be worth your money now. Whilst the game has a lot of features already in place (and working somewhat well) it's just missing content at the moment.At the moment I would give it these pros and cons for buying:Pros:- Incredible atmosphere. Requiring resources at night is terrifying task, made more so by the real danger of having to go out and mine when it's dark and you can't see scaly animal ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s sneaking up on you.- Fair build/resources system. Building is expensive but the resources are by no means unachievable, and encourage you to explore and find better ways to claim the resources you need.- Beautiful. I'm amazed at what they've been able to pull out of Unity's graphics capabilities. In some ways it sets Osiris apart from other obviously Unity games, other than some UI choices.Cons:- Combat. It just feels clunky. The pistol is by far a more reliable weapon than the assault rifle, which is needlessly expensive to buy ammo for an insuperior gun. It's innaccurate with the animal movement, does less damage than the pistol, and unlike the pistol requires expensive ammo to be made for it. I could honestly say a lot about how the combat isn't quite how I'd like it to be, but this is trying to be a short list.- Content. As soon as I was able to manufacture vehicles I realised how small the world feels at the moment. It took away from my sense of awe a little, as at first the feeling of having to plan out the day ahead was great. Not getting shredded in the dark meant you had to think about which resources you'd need carefully, and also where they were and how to get to them. The vehicles upset this balance because they're kind of the end game at the moment. The space ship allows you to cross the entire map in about 20s, which makes it feel tiny when both the G.A.V. and on foot would do the time spent on the world justice. There's not really a lot of alien types, or especially interesting and useful areas that have function at the moment.- Performance.Osiris is beautiful, but the sacrifice it made w"
,Not Recommended,402710,32159531,Posted: 3 June,all,Order of Chaos,"The current *ALPHA* revision is BAD. In the current version they changed the map (its different but not better or worse) except whoever designed the resource locations is an idiot or a sadist.Used to be there were clusters on the map with various resource nodes, and multiple spawn points. So you would spawn somewhere randomly, get your barrings, find the resources you need within 1/4 of the map.  Now you always spawn in the east desert (not a problem), but there is only one instance of each of the resource nodes and they are MAXIMAL DISTANCES AWAY FROM EACH OTHER.So, if you scrap the drop pod for rubber and circuits, if you hike directly to the closest heavy metal nodes, if you build a hab and place your skill points into Sustainability, and you build a water reclaimer; you can now have enough food and water to -- sit in one place. You wont be able to go out searching for the other resource nodes you need without dying of thirst because you've already used 3/4 water bottles. Technically when you die and respawn you'll get more? But a stratedgy that requires you to die just to complete the standard tasks seems like a bad design.I'd love to try out the new vehicles and higher tech in this patch, but since I cant get to it, they may as well not exist."
76561198043288804,Recommended,402710,25776731,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,DropBears,"Matt Damon Simulator 2016.Journal :Play as Matt Damon                                   ☑Fix crack on your helmet with duct tape        ☑Grow your food in space                              ☑Starship Troopers starring Matt Damon         ☑Pitch Black starring Matt Damon                  ☑The Martian starring Matt Damon                 ☑Interstellar starring Matt Damon                   ☑A good tutorial for this game would be watching The Martian at least 2 times before attempting to play the game. Game is still in Early Access so expect a few bugs, just roleplay as Matt Damon already, if you don't like it kindly get yourself a refund and purchase a copy of One Man's Lie (only then will you know what its like to have cancer in your steam library)10/10 would Matt Damon.Serious Review Below (due to Steam's new review policy - might need to do a review on steam reviews, total numbers of helpful not accurate on most reviews, buggy with content missing just like One Man's Lie)----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------*Reader's Disclaimer* - This review was heavily inspired from the writer's relationship with One Man's Lie.First time launching the game, I had an accidental eargasm while spazzing uncontrollably on my chair waiting for the music to finish me off. The music feels like its been written by Hans Zimmer himself. (Interstellar, The Dark Knight, Inception) Just the sheer epicness of the music puts me in the immersion of an epic space theme game.The art, sound and level design is amazing, they just harmonise so well together. I never had an immersive experience as this compared to other crafting survival genre games (7DTD, Ark,Terraria, Starbound, DayZ) The easy mode of day time vs paranoia and horror during the night (random noises) keeps your eye peeled for any Arachnid Night Walkers. Night time is REALLY dark. Think of aliens from Dead Space/Pitch Black coming for you.Take in mind Osiris was developed by a team of two, still a better release than a game which cost the same as a AAA title and had a major distributor backing their release which I should refrain from naming. In terms of content, its not too shabby for an Early Access. Can't compare the amount of content with other EA releases (Ark, Subnautica) as this game was just released recently whereas the others have a head start of a few years give or take.One of the interviews with the dev did mentioned that they will have major updates every month. Also the devs did mention they might aim for a console port in the future. (hopefully this does not hamper on the patches and updates for PC) Yes developers need money to continue developing the game but really, consoles are limited by their sandwich press hardware.No idea why people keep comparing this game to Ark. In Osiris New Dawn you don't poop your pants every 5minutes ingame however Osiris took it up a notch further with immersion as you will poop your pants (in real life) when an unsuspecting alien creeps behind you.The only time I felt threaten is when the night crawlers come. The giant sandworm (only appears in craters) are easily dodgeable just like One Man's Lie fanboys dodging facts about its failure as well as Ark fanboys dodging constructive criticism on the dev team's approach of a paid DLC on an EA game.I hope that the devs maybe somehow explore the possibility of having burrowed aliens (not the giant sandworm) as I think it will create a sense that the player is never safe and in turn increase the daytime difficulty slightly. Imagine minding your own business taking a stroll on the planet and something grabs you from below. (Tremors anyone?)Singleplayer works like a charm and I did try multiplayer (private host) for a bit and there were some bugs (not game breaking but funny) such as getting stuck on buildings, ground clipping through into buildings, aliens moonwalking (not latency issue).Look I am not trying to create a train hype, just watch some youtube videos or even purchase the game (if you don't like it get a refund - make sure its not more than 2hours of gameplay and within 14days of purchase) - We all know what happen to the last hype train, didn't go too well did it?PS : Matt Damon over One Man's Lie. (Think someone might have spike my drink which leads to poor decision making in purchasing One Man's Lie)*Will update this with further comedic and serious review once I figured how to potato on Mars*"
76561197974266282,Recommended,402710,30821867,Posted: 29 March,all,LAG,"BackgroundI like games like ARK, Terraria, Planet Coaster, Factorio and most recently I've played Astroneer a lot.What?You crash on a planet and struggle to survive. You mine, build, farm and fight. Both first and third person view is supported. Play on your own, on a multiplayer server or start a private game with your buddies.ProsIt works (i5, Nvidia Geforce GTX 670)!It's beautiful, and the sound design is great! One of the best dust storms and rain effect I've seen (water drops on your visir for example).Most importantly youfeelsomething!You can start a private ""server"", a private game for you and your friends, without actually running a server! You can adjust several difficulty level settings for your private game.A lot of stuff to learn and build!Excellent user interface!Cons (and these are minor ones)A bit unbalanced at the moment. For instance, it's pretty cheap to build a space ship; it's worse to farm to build a rover. I'd expect it to be the other way around.Approaching aliens are too silent. Action music is supposed to hint that you're about to be attacked, but by then it's too late. The music is a good idea, but it need to start sooner, and/or add some better sound for the aliens movements. Perhaps introduce some kind of proximity warning device to craft.I'm having issues with alt-tabbing and there's no windowed mode at the moment. My friend does not experience this problem though.If you want to play co-op with a friend it does not seem to be a way to spawn near each other. So you'll have to walk. And die. And lose all your precious gear. And the droid. But that's almost ok, it's a survival game after all!ConclusionAll in all, it's very well done, it's very ""The martian"", and I'm looking forward to farming potatoes. What can go wrong?"
76561198038552416,Not Recommended,402710,30752054,Posted: 26 March,all,i've covered wars you know,"WARNING YOU MUST PLAY THIS SINGLE PLAYER!First off let me say that I think this game is awesome, Great idea and concept, But due to the fact that this is an early access title, Some things are glossed over.There Is in fact 0 anti cheat implemented within this game. If you play on a public server than there is a strong chance that a hacker will join your game and claim all of your buildings, Crates, vehicles, ect. It is incredible frustrating to find all of your items that you spent hours grinding for gone because somebody wanted to test out cheat engine.So here are your three choices1: Play single player and start a private server and invite only those you know.2: Dont buy the game until Its full release or anti cheat is added.3: Ignore every thing I said and risk the chance of all of your items being stolen.You have been warned..."
76561198023453782,Recommended,402710,25813215,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Crucible (Lotta College) :(,"It was a normal day in Osiris: New Dawn, my friend and I were gathering resources like usual. We had such high hopes and dreams, were were clambering through the sand of this hell. Suddenly, I realized something....it was quiet. I looked around and realized where I was, in the middle of  a crater...I suddenly was overcome with horror. I was terrified, but I had to know what was behind me....I spun around to find my faceplate already halfway in a skyscraper sized, silent worm.10/10 Would get eaten by the stealth worm again."
,Not Recommended,402710,25765461,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Millertime,"Again, I wish Steam had review options other than just positive or negative.. this one falls somewhere between. I rank it a ""Not yet"" rating. There is a really good frame here for them to build on, but there just isn't much content. Normally in early access I wouldn't ding a game for this, but the EA status description lead me to believe there would be much more.Quote:What is the current state of the Early Access version?“Traditionally, publishers we've worked with define Alpha as “content complete” and Beta as “feature complete,” with Gold referring to a full release candidate. We'd currently place ourselves between Alpha and Beta: call it ""early Beta"" if you will./quoteIn their words an Alpha is content complete, and they state the game is beyond Alpha. If this is truly the majority of the content they intend to place in the game, this is a definite Not Buy. There is a small number of things you can build, and many of them are not working properly. Buildings beyond the main dome do not pressurize for example.State of the game: a lot of small bugs, some annoying and some near game breaking. There are problems such as items disappearing from containers, structures disappearing or duplicating when exiting and reloading a game, holes in the world, creatures and resources spawning on cave ceilings, and game status resetting upon re-entering an existing game.Currently the E button puts away whatever tool you are holding in your hand. You need to do this to move at full speed. When you have the multi-tool in your hand, which is used to build walls for example, and you press E when aiming at a structure it will delete that structure. No confirmation or warning, and no resources returned, just POOF it's gone. That's a frustrating situation, and having that on the same key that is used to put your tool away makes it easy to do.Performance is really good in single player mode. In official multiplayer servers the frame rates are reduced severly, even when no one else in on screen. I am guessing this is server side lag, and it makes multiplayer nearly unplayable.The atmosphere is excellent, if not brutal at times. The dust storms will make you seek shelter and wait it out. Night time is tense as you can't see very well and aliens will sneak up on you. The fog is very nicely done, even though it again makes it next to impossible to accomplish anything. I am tempted to suggest that they tame the environment down a bit because there are many times when you can't do anything, but then that is part of the charm in a way.The pacing of the game is slow. Really slow. Incredibly slow. To quote Joe Dirt, ""I saw a snail over there. He said, that thing's slow, it ain't moving fast. It's boring, dull. I'm yawning"". I believe the slow pace is to cover the lack of content, because it will take you hours to gather enough resources to place a single structure. There needs to be a better system of mining. Doing it yourself is too slow because you can't carry much without your movement speed getting reduced to a crawl, and the resources will be spread all over the world. You do have a droid that can mine, but it's hit or miss. The droid has pathing issues that makes it get stuck on terrain, and sometimes when you set it to mine a zone with a good resource, it just mines Iron, even though there is no visible Iron in the zone. Sometimes it just stops doing anything at all. Leaving the game and re-entering will reset the droid and bring it back to your spawn location, but that triggers the other issues mentioned earlier.To sum it up: I think and hope this will be a really amazing game one day. If you purchase, do so knowing that there is little content, and only if you want to be a part of the development. Your two hour refund window will be up long before you see enough of the game to know if you like it, again because of the slow pacing. In two hours you will probably have placed the temporary inflatable dome and collected a fraction of the resources needed to place the dome of a real base. That dome will just be a skeleton, and you'll need more resources to build walls and the craft stations that go inside it."
76561198202439613,Recommended,402710,28468246,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,thawksworth,"First off, let me just say that I think this game has the potential to be the survival game we all want. Is it there yet, not exactly. However I do recommend it to anyone who is willing to deal with some bugs.Pros:-Absolutely stunning graphics-Weather effects are incredible-Horror aspect is very immersive-Jet pack boots (need I say more?)-Multiplayer and different factions-Constantly being updated-Pretty big map and soon to be another moon-pretty realistic walking and running for a low gravity environment (some complain it's too slow but I think it's perfect)Cons:- It's such a grind to get resources- you clip through structures a lot- I don't know why this bothers me but the spaceship has no landing gear animation. They just appear.- Sort of buggy-Smaller multiplayer community-Some resources take forever to get to. Walked for like 45 minutes just to get some diamond which is needed pretty early on.Overall it's a pretty solid game with huge potential. Can't wait for Aziel to go live on main branch."
76561198113787023,Not Recommended,402710,32186519,Posted: 4 June,all,nasjaskylane,"When I started this game, october last year I had the idea this game has good potential, looked very nice and we had one playable planet.A few updates arrived last year which most of them added to the value of the product. Also, a new planet was build (Aziel) and the playerbase did think the devs were moving in the right direction, keeping us busy most of the time.One flaw however was that you could only do so much and basically... everything you did in this game was building up a base, vehicles, and some other craftable stuff and fighting aliens.Aliens? yes.. I hear you, there is also pvp but I don't go into that. Basically, the pvp for me isn't good. You log out, and your base (which you have build hours to complete) will be destroyed by other players in minutes.Anyway, back to pve.. which there is in single and multi-player. For me, the game mode is the same, you either play alone or with other people but the pve is soloable (all of it).Having said all of it, we recently got some updates.. which unfortunately added more bugs and didn't add more gameplay. The dev team redesigned the starter planet which was a very bad move. They added trees, water, towering buildings on a desert planet! Bad idea.Furthermore, the ice planet.. didn't get any kind of updates and is basically there for scenery.I hear you... it's early access... yes it is, but why then do we get additions like stone ovens, printers, a redesigned space ship, craftable ingots and that sort of ""garbage""? The dev team doesn't know what they want with the game and the community seems divided.For now, it seems this game can.... be made a lot better, but we have to see where it is going. I currently do not recommend people to buy this game."
,Recommended,402710,28802831,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,⎛Ƈувєя☣Ɠø𝐓♅⎞,"After the update and some hours later, things changed on the way I see this game, so I think it is fair to re-do my review. I'll elaborate it as organized as possible and fix it with time.Things that I really like (edited)- Game attracts some cool and creative people (for now)- Private server for Co-Op so I won't be insulting anyhackerthis time.- A Single Player option for those who don't like both.- 2 worlds so far with good size to make you feel like a needle in the haystack.- Nerd must-have: Vacuum is silent and there are real constellations in the back like Orion, Aquarius and etc.For people bothered about constellations:If a fellow nerd disagrees much, he can always stop complaining and calculate an accurate star perspective himself, then get it approved by theoretical astronomy studies and send it to the devs to help them. Or he can also spray some random dots like all other games did. Boring.- Music fits perfectly on any occasion. Main menu epicness, low visibility horror and melancholic foggy.- Sound effects are very good for an earlier access, or so they call it.- Graphics are good, but Proteus skies has some enchanting harmony.- Creating items, manufacturing and mining is a challenge, always rewarding and damn addictive.- Adaptative body animations specially when firing, cool for a game that is mainly an FPS.- I like the general design; monsters, weapons & vehicles. It isn't childish or minimalist like other games.- Campers won't last. Human or scientific needs forces ya to fall your @ss in line to fight and explore.Skies harmony demonstrated on my screenhttp://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=813409065Exploration done on 3 basic land vehicleshttp://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=841505595Survival-ism and tension, even on Single Playerhttp://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=839446880Things that I don't (edited: strike means fixed)- The main AI assistant is dumb and slow.- Bad, imprecise ship handling remains after all updates so far.- Lack of main objective on single-player, like ''finding the way back home'' or something.-AI and weather are unbalanced sometimes.- I still don't like the voice acting when hurtnor the zoom-in when walking up front.- Silly puns when creating new avatar leaves this great game looking like generation meme.-Some misspellings remains even after update.Things I would like to see (edited)Permadeath option for all modes and with stuff like finite Patch Tape.A less dumb AI assistant.I think everyone agrees that the HUD should have an ""toggle-off"" or ''fade on idle'' option.No more invisible caves with clipping.Story mode or just some''map scenario''for SP and Co-op.Living stone-age aliens to greet or abuse, to avoid another game with lost hyper civilizations.Sleeping on SP to pass time. 7 hours max per day. PvE Co-op's sleeping could work with rules.Ship should have guns at least for 2nd player to man.Some sort of mining vehicle and rocket launcher on foot.More different enemies or more intelligent enemies.More structures, more slots, more different hallways and also connections for Co-Op.Devs never give up, so I hope they finish it someday and don't ditch it like most.Counter-complaint-Game world is too big or too hardThose are exactly the point. I had to build an structure or all of my previous works would mean nothing and I had to find an rare mineral resource. After looking for it for 2 days I gave up,then I've found some alien three with resources- Proteus nature is so convenient! Then I saw some green light off the distance, it was the resource I needed so bad.But when I arrived there I took some bad step and felt into a cave. Instead of climbing back to save any gathered items I just wanted to explore.I could have died but I didn't. To get out there with new resources... crawling with hostiles... What a time. Bear Grylls would be proud.-About dark nightsDon't complain, this is survival... be creative. I couldn't create chemical lights or anything yet so I decided to use location beacons to show me the way during those very dark nights and save flashlight battery. From one strategical habitat to another I had up to 600 meters of distance but I only had 3 beacons. I decided to leave one each 200 meters and named it Step 1, 2 and 3 to remember the rule ''look ahead, then walk forward''. Assembled it during the day to make sure no gap or thing would hurt me. Benjamin Franklin wouldn't be proud at all."
76561198091197472,Recommended,402710,29903340,Posted: 13 February,all,Jtaylor18,"READ THIS IF YOU ARE UNSURE OF BUYINGI have recently been on a survival/building game binge and finally gave in and bought Osiris. At a glance it appears to be one of the prettier survival games but it's light on content. After putting in 20 hours and completing most of what is currently in the game I'd have to say it shows a lot of promise and potential but I cannot recommend it to most people. Bellow i'll try to narrow down who I think can leave this game enjoying it and who will likely end up hating its current state.WHO SHOULD AVOID THIS GAME UNTIL FURTHER DEVELOPMENT+People looking for a combat focused survival game. Osiris has combat in it, but it is not where the game shines. For the majority of the game your only ranged weapons will be an energy pistol and a assault rifle. There are a few upgrades to these that can be found in rare drops but weapon variety is very low. On top of that the enemy AI of the game has an early access feel and after awhile you'll learn how to use jetpack tricks to dodge most enemy attacks. I died a lot in my first few days and then went on a 15+ day stretch without dying once i learned the enemy mechanics. Combat quickly becomes a minor obstacle and is very likely going to leave anyone looking for a challenging combat focused survival game disappointed.+People Looking for a multiplayer game to play with all their friends. Multiplayer is supported in Osiris but given the fact I got through most the content in 20 hours there really isn't enough there for multiple people to do. Two players might be fine but anymore than that and you're likely going to run out of stuff to do in a couple hours. You could join a PVP server and fight against other players setting up bases, though games like Empyrion and Rust will give you a lot more mileage.+People looking for an in depth base building system. Osiris has several buildings, vehicles, weapons, and items that the player can craft. But base design is highly limited as far as uniqueness and creativity. Buildings only snap together in a few ways and only a couple items can be placed in each one meaning most player's bases will end up being similar. Seen one greenhouse or laboratory and you've seen them all.WHO WOULD LIKELY ENJOY THIS GAME IN ITS CURRENT STATE+People who enjoy atmospheric games and exploration. Despite all the negativity above I enjoyed my time in Osiris and felt it was an amazingly beautiful game when approached as an exploration game, similar to Subnautica. The planet feels like a real alien planet and is clearly has the touch of design about it, rather than procedural generation. Sand storms,  dangerous meteor showers, giant skeletons of ancient beasts spread across the landscape, deep caves, and the aliens you encounter make for a fun adventure. If you look at the base building as a way to help you survive, the vehicles as ways to help you farm, then you can have a lot of fun mapping out the planet and getting enough resources to finally hit the big goalpost of making a spaceship to travel off planet. Currently you can mine asteroids, and visit one other planet that is a frozen wasteland with differently lifeforms but much less developed than the main planet. The way you travel from planet to planet feels a lot like no man's sky and is extremely immersive.+People wanting to help the devs of a promising game with feedback and funds. Osiris is a beautiful game with amazing potential. However its hard to tell if it will be the next Subnautica or another abandoned game that never lived up to its developers vision. If you have the money to spare to help out an impressive start of a game and enjoy seeing games grow over time than Id have to say this is one of the more promising early access games Ive seen in a long time given how little time its had in early access. Its always a gamble but Im willing to give the devs a chance and try and help them some along the way. But if you're tight on money and looking for a game to give you a lot of hours of gameplay you'd be better off going with Subnautica, Empyrion, Rust, or other survival games that have had more years in early access to flesh out their content, and check out Osiris again after its had more development."
,Recommended,402710,25777450,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,isaiahere,">spend hours running back and forth, collecting resources to build barracks.>Finally done, but now, I have to build walls.>I'm 80% complete when I realize I ran out of aluminum.>Haul♥♥♥♥♥trying to get it ASAP.>I finally return to base and I'm ready to install the remaining walls with the tool gun.>Accidentally pressed e which deletes the entire building.>no ""are you sure"" or anything. It's just gone.>sobs quietly whilst closing the game.While the game can be great fun, (at least in singleplayer) you will encounter many frustrating moments like this, so be prepared if you're prone to rage.And for those of you who are looking for something to fill the void that No Man's Buy left, this is miles better in comparison, even at its early access stage.Edit: Updates fixed this so it's not as easy to delete your buildings. It now has an ""are you sure"" option. I'm amazed by the developers. They've been releasing updates like crazy since the game released. Time will tell if they pull through until the end."
76561198076601712,Recommended,402710,26191662,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,Apollos,"I may have a few good hours in or so.... With that said. Pros and cons (Keep in mind, this is EARLY ACCESS.Pros:1.Visually Impressive, Looks really good.2.Running very well with my GTX 1070, 12 gigs RAM,3.Enough to keep you engaged and the multipler has somewhat active people running around doing stuff.4.Challenging in some aspect, due to bugs.  Not to take away from the AI, these monsters are tricky, don't let them fool you.Cons:1.Rubber banding the player randomly around the map... not game breaking but annoying.2.Monster will chase you to the ends of the earth, seems you HAVE to kill them (or fly into space, lol).3. MAP needs work.  Very hard to understand anything on the hand held map device.Some people don't even know what Latitude is or longitutde and the map makes this more complicated.  Someone who takes time to follow the map, will eventually be able to get some use out of it. but a world WORLD MAP would be great (Kinda like, you create one as you explore so you can identify land marks and so forth).4. RED DOME of NoBuild (In other words, restricted build near other players).  if playing multiplayer and someone has plotted their spot, good luck.  I had my camp hut up in a location, but I could not start my Habitat due to the RED DOME limit thing, so I wandered around until I found an area.  Dropped my Habitat and went back to collect my camp site, broke down my forge and depositories to move to my new area, BUT... the RED DOME wouldn't allow me to build camp next to my Habitat..  ???  This being looked into?5. Targeting mobs is not an easy task in 3rd person mode, first person is not to bad, but in 3rd person, your persons body is trying to twist and bend around making 3rd person combat a hard task VS first person.6. How long does the storms last? I mean the dust or ran or hard blowing winds....  the effects are awsome no doubt, but man, this is like 85% of the game and I have to just sit somewhere and wait til all this passes.7. There are some very little mobs (physically small) and do MASSIVE damage to you and you can't even kill them unless you a Osiris god or something (they are a 1 shot kill, but so hard to hit them).  Mobs balancing need to be worked out and implement a more reasonable melee attack and weapon.Overall, I really like what I see here and is looking very good.  Early Access means... They are still working on this bad boy.Thumbs up....7/10 so far for Early Access.  (I PAID, CUSTOMER)"
,Recommended,402710,25813690,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Gibson,"I definitely support buying Osiris: New Dawn in its current state. While it is in Early Access, helping to fund its development could lead to a great end result. I've supported previous survival EA games that tanked, with their developers disappearing or ruining it entirely (h1z1, reign of kings, etc.) - but this one looks very promising!Quick Points:+ Devs seem passionate about doing it right, and acknowledge the failed / dishonest survival games out there (No Man's Sky for example)+ Gorgeous graphics.+ Mass Effect 1 feel to it.+ Solid soundtrack.+ Night time / sandstorms / alien combination is terrifying.+ The Martian / Dune / Starship Trooper feel.+ Enjoyable / In depth crafting system as far as an Early Access (EA) game is concerned.+ Wilson Robot is a great help when playing SOLO or Multiplayer.+ Multiplayer (private server) experience is fantastic.+ Fair number of resource types [Sand/Meat/Gases/Metals/Plastic/Rubber].+ Rather large planet, and we will be able to travel to other planets in the future.+++ Feels like a legitimate astronaut experience, with a great HUD and movement/breathing system.- Minor bugs and glitches (stuck in cieling, outside sounds clip through building in areas they shouldn't, etc.- Aliens are not plentiful enough even on 'infested' setting, and are easy to kill during the day.- Unavailable buildings (Gas Tanks for storage) for unknown reasons.- Caves and other landmarks [expedition 1 ruins, you are expedition 2] that have no lore/loot/interaction function.- Multiplayer servers experiencing issues, so private server is the way to go right now.+-+ Giant fricken sandworms that burst out of the ground, casting naught but a shadow of death before you look up and scream. Death in this way can't even upset you, it's so awesome lol."
,Recommended,402710,31475676,Posted: 30 April,all,"NWG_CptStealth ""The Old Guard""","As of April 30th, This rant is aimed at those who have updated.99% of the recent reviews are aimed at about how broken the game has gotten during the new update. I'm willing to bet a bunch of these reviewers didn't read the patch notes where it said ""Singleplayer worlds will be affected by compatibility issues. the easiest way is to just restart and make a new world""----end of rant------That being said, the game is very great and I have had a wonderful time playing it."
,Recommended,402710,25825734,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Karpii,Osiris: New Dawn....Grab some friends and enjoy what No Mans Sky couldnt accomplish. This game looks beautiful and the gameplay is smooth. With a recent release and constant patchs and communication with its supporters im excited to see what this will be within a few months. GGWP.
76561198057489354,Recommended,402710,25807461,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Merc98,"In summary, and incredibly good game and an incredibly good development team.Pros:1.) Already well-developed crafting system2.) Vehicles are out (love the hover bike!)3.) Get to go out into space4.) A more-than-adequate combat systemCons:1.) Item disappearing (this may be worked out for most, but sometimes it still happens)2.) Furniture disappearing from buildings (happened to me just today)Keep in mind that this game's been out for less than a week (only four days) and thanks to an amazing and responsive development team has improved greatly! Some kinks still need to be worked out, but in all this game is getting close (in my opinion) to be a full game."
,Recommended,402710,25792336,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,-=Bronze=-,"My wallet was r.aped by Sean Murray, and Osiris comforted me."
76561198025182808,Not Recommended,402710,26752686,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,leclairaj,"I started out pretty excited for this game, and I think it has tons of potential. I'm not going to complain about any bugs or development issues one should fully expect with an early access game, but the reason I'm giving it a thumbs down is that I find the early game to be such a painful grind I have difficulty sticking with it long enough to actually build much of a base.The default pace at which the character walks is so slow, you soon stop marveling at the beautifully rendered planet and start getting more and more aggravated at how boring a slow, plodding, aimless trek across a desert actually is. If you're unlucky enough to have to walk around a large mountain or mesa to find the basic resources you need to get going, you'll spend the entire 20 minute slog back to your inflatable hab wondering what other, much more entertaining things you could be doing with your time. Like going for an actual walk. With your actual legs.Every time I've played, I've found myself wishing that the ""sprint"" speed (which your character can't keep up for long without overheating or suffocating) was the default walking speed, and that sprinting was actually fast enough to be worth the cost your character pays."
76561198169065626,Not Recommended,402710,30398685,Posted: 8 March,all,Xingosan,"Game is getting good, but this is full of hackers, developers need to put anti haking in this game urgently, because it can not play like that."
76561198011533101,Recommended,402710,25776753,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Wash2,"Hard to give this either + or -. It is very much more broken than the sales pitch will have you belive, but i think it will be great in time. Cant progress past the first habitat due to many huge game breaking bugs...but i am emjoying the gameplay so far. I have it on max settings, still not great looking, but thats to be expected. Dont buy yet, put it on wishlist."
76561197981723215,Recommended,402710,25790484,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,oldPleb \[T]/,"Reached end-gameNote: I played the entire game on a Private server with 1 other player.The immersion of this game is unrivaled. I felt like I was in a bunch of different film scenarios like The Martian, Star Wars and Pitch Black (Riddick). You will experience jumpscares and the creatures will freak you out.There was some special feeling I had when riding the hoverbike that made me feel like I was in Star Wars roaming the deserts of tatooine, It was quite pleasant.There are of course many bugs still and it will become annoying to lose all your stored resources, not being able to interact via Colony, forgetting to save or simply crash and then losing all your unsaved progress. Patience is a very important virtue when playing this.I drove 5km out into the desert on the hoverbike and then went back only to lose connection and my hoverbike somewhere way out in the desert (was probably saved on last known location where I jumped off to repair it.)Pro tips: Do not waste your time repairing your base, It will always go back to 50% health when nobody is online.It is impossible to flip the Hoverbike, Pretty much impossible to flip the Rover but very easy to flip the turret mounted jeep (I forgot the name) Once you flip it, it is gone forever (pressing G to flip didn't work)Overall I enjoyed it and would recommend the experience."
76561197969945340,Not Recommended,402710,26375971,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Nochit,"So, I wanna say that I liked the game starting off though, as it progress during this stage in alpha I have to admit that I slowly began to dislike the game and now I feel like I wasted my time. I have invested 40 hours in a under a few days and heres what I have noticed that still needs work.1. There are about 6 different types of monsters, and at that, only 3 of which will usually attack your base.2, Once you understand whats going on, there is 0 challenge in the game.3. I have been randomly disconnected several times for absolutely no reason. (acceptable in alpha thats not the issue) After my Last random d/c, I lost affiliation with my structures and upon returning to base I have no way to reclaim them.4. Cannot toggle menu in the vehicles.5. Cannot realy depend on your droids a.i. it seems to be nearest and quickest path, which will get it stuck for stupid reasons.6. Monsters move occasionally in a choppy manner and I have even seen them teleport away (probably poor connection). Oh, and I shot one and it decided to fly off world, It was a horseshoe crab...7. Some of the monsters that should be attacking you, are off doing nothing8. while running, or hoovering, you are not able to change weapons9. Monsters can by pass structures and vehicles to deal direct damage to you.10. Night feels like it is about twice as long as day, This is a bit annoying given that vision is poor, though it does provide to the scare factor. Well, until you get over it and realize that you can almost 5 hit anything if you are good enough.11. monsters can also clip through terrain.12. Resources are relatively hard to find, though once you know there locations, you can rebuild your base from 0 to 100% in under 10 hours.13. Currently, bases are disappearing after players are logging out for more than 45 minutes, no explanation given,14. I lost my base twice... 10 hours worth of work twice, then a mere d/c broke my affiliation with my structures.15. Piloting the space ship, really feels backwards ... and its not a given.16. Cannot access map inside the vehicles, forcing you to realy be beacon dependant (when the game doesnt randomly kick you off your team and really really .... well you get where I am going)17. Turrets turned against me, base remained the same after a d/c. Server instability is a serious problemPros:1. Fun while the game is working2. Good art and modeling3. Some of the A.I. is actually intelligent making predicting them a little harder than normal4. The first few night are actually semi difficult5. Simple crafting mechanics6. Still in Alpha, meaning lots of improvements to come.Overall, I would wait before doing anything with this game, if you played Ark and what not, this will be about a 12 hour game for you in its current state. Let the game develop fruther because in its current state it is literally unplayable for anything more than a day, afterwhich you are effectively forced to restart. I really hate to give a bad review, and considering this is my first one. Though, I would have expected to have some of these issues resolved prior to launch to avoid frustration."
76561198042238818,Not Recommended,402710,33736425,Posted: 22 July,all,Enorats,"A few months ago I'd have given this a glowing thumbs up. After a few months of development though, it's like the game's creators have brainstormed everything they could possibly do to make the game less enjoyable.. and put it in the game.This sci-fi game now starts you out with the most primitive tech of rock stacking, and learning how to use a rock to bash things to death (very slowly, as rocks do basically no damage at all). You can't even start crafting much of anything at all until you actually find rocks to pick up either, as the first ""crafting bench"" thing requires 8 of them. I walked around for an hour and only found a single one, and had to turn that into a bashing rock after my pickaxe thing broke. Eventually I located a tree that was absolutely surrounded by rocks, made my little pile 'o rocks stove, and discovered that making ingots was less enjoyable than finding rocks. You have to make hundreds of them.. one at a time.I could go on, but frankly basically every aspect of this game is worse now than it was six months ago. I don't have high hopes that'll change."
76561198087178022,Not Recommended,402710,32938273,Posted: 28 June,all,Oceanhawk,"This used to be a fun game with tons of potential but each patch has made it more and more tedious with less and less fun.  I personally don't thnk the devs have a clue with where they want to take the game, so they completely change directions and make the game completely different. I don't get it, I really don't.To the devs, plan a patch and stick to it. Quit changing the parts of the game that don't need changing. The point it is at right now makes it nearly impossible for a new player to even get started. Do you guys even play your own game?????In any case I've changed this to a ""Not recommended"" until the devs figure out where they are going. Today the game is in worse shape then it was when first released into Early Access."
,Recommended,402710,32553091,Posted: 18 June,all,TDS84,"After spending more than 100 hours I can say that I like the game. It is very difficult to give streight forward thumbs up or down because it is an early access game. However looking at the concept, features that are there and the graphics of the game I would reccomend it.Pros:- Good graphics- interesting feature like technology or traveling between planets- Ambient (both visual and audio)Cons:- low fps due to not being optimised yet- lack of recipes and depth of skill tree- lack of costumization to items- decent amount of bugsThe game in it s current state is definitely not for someone that doesn't have stomach for Early Access games. One of the main resntment by the community is that there is lack of communication by the devs of what is to come. As of now I feel that the game has potential and so far there is nothing to make me think that it will not work."
,Recommended,402710,25846696,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Deaf3279,"If you love Subnautica, Then you will love this Osiris: New Dawn. It's Subnautica on alien planet."
,Recommended,402710,31193198,Posted: 16 April,all,Sullos,"I have my verdict on Osiris: New DawnIts f*****g brilliant. For the first time in ages, I actually felt on the edge of my seat. I wake up, broken helmet visor, breached suit, losing oxygen to the hostile planet I now reside upon. The temperature outside is a warm 92 Degree's Celsius (197.6 Fahrenheit) and I have so many flashing warning signs across my shattered glass visor, I am barely able to breath myself. It's a little overwhelming. Big letters and numbers at the bottom of my visor tell me I have 0 oxygen left and I can hear that I am now suffocating. Winds are blowing like a hurricane, and I am basically crawling upon the sand surface of this planet I am yet to understand in the slightest.I begin by salvaging what's right in front of me, an inflatable dome habitat, and I proceed to fumble about till I find the magic button that inflates the damn thing. I must have been without air for only a minute, but it sure did feel like more, as I finally found some duct tape in a survival kit and smacked it on my helmet to pressurise my suit.Holy s***. I am liking It so far. And I dont want to spoil anything more, but there is something scary as all hell, as you watch a massive centipede creature burst out of the sand and rocks, fly over head and make an epic landing as it spins around to face you. All the while you stare in amazement of how cool it is before having it lunge at you and pull your legs out from beneath you. You then quickly realise how you should stop fumbling for your gun, just grab it, and shoot the damn thing!Enjoying this game so far...Story aside -Pros -Beautiful environment.Breath taking visuals.Realistic fogging and build up of dirt on helmet visor.Responsive Developers (considering its such a small team.. very good community commincation imo)Animations are remarkable.Player movement.Creature Movement.Level of difficuluty is very nice. Difficult to get resources, but not life draining. (Might help to be in a team?)Cons - (In my opinon, these let the game down a bit)Building system, whilst very nice, doesnt have a smooth placement system. Everything snaps around, instead of a smooth rotation option, the building will snap at 45 degree increments, and when placing a building, it seems to snap along the ground. (Just adds a little bit of grindiness where it isnt needed. Not gaming breaking of course)Lack of fulfilling tutorial. When I was playing it took me a while to figure out how to place walls on the habitat frame. A lot of other things to get you started were mentioned and walked through, but it was a bit confusing for me to realise to use the multitool. (Could have just been me though).Not all classes are complete yet. It doesnt break the game in any way, but I think I would like to see a bit of prioritzation over that. I know that when I play with friends, we want the option to be different and have different advantages over each class. (They are adding a new class in the next update. 27/4 I believe).Ores are a bit weird. Whilst titanium can be gathered from a rock (which is confusing considering it is an alloy) the fact that I will be mining Iron one moment, copper the next, back to Iron, then finishing with Aluminium... all in the matter of mining one rock on the ground... I would prefer easily distinguishable rocks and maybe less variation in the random ores. It isn't a problem, but it is confusing imo.Other than those cons, I havent had any problems with the game. It is early access, and it is going very well. I hope this game gets some more suppot as it has got a good future ahead of it, if it continues on its current path.Definetely worth the buy, even at full price. 9/10"
,Not Recommended,402710,25763149,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,just.dont.do.it,"I won't be touching bugs and glitches, because, while numerous at the moment, it's likely that they'll be fixed in coming days (and so there's no practical reason to bash on it).However, I would like to describe the amount of content currently available in the game. Which can be divided into three parts:1) You walk/run/jump around the playable area to find resources and bring them back to your base. Gameplay time-wise, this is the main filler - you will be doing it at least 90% of your play time in SP (60-70% in MP due to cooperation);2) You place prefab buildings in the world. There's a not particularly large ""building tech tree"" at the moment, where you have to place certain ""crafting benches"" to be able to create more complex items and build further.3) You shoot/whack mildly aggressive respawning mobs. Unless you're completely terrible with first-person shooters, this part is entirely trivial and doesn't really affect your survival (your pistol has endless ammo and with a little bit of time you can shoot anything to death while dodging its attacks).There's also PvP in multiplayer, but it's entirely pointless at the moment - you can kill people and wreck their buildings (both of which is incredibly easy), but you're not going to get anything at all out of it. There's also ""survival"", but I can't even write anything meaningful about it, as currently it's nothing more than a placeholder - you can skip most of it by things like endless ""berry trees"" (free food), or simply don't care about it at all, as dying is only a very minor setback - all that happens is that you're back at the spawn point and your current inventory is lost (but you can pick it back at your body).For the given amount of content available, I can't give the game ""thumbs up"" in good faith. There's way too little available right now to justify buying it at any price point above the ""trash"" (~$1) level. Now, if you're willing to invest in the game in hopes that your money will fund further development - sure, you can do so.Some assorted facts that seems to be poorly understood quite often:1) This is a small-scale MP game with public and private servers. Not an MMO, no matter how you stretch the definition.2) The world is not ""procedurally-generated"" - the landscape is the same every game and resources are always in the same spots. An absolutely empty desert surrounds the hand-crafted playable area.3) There's only 1 planet available and there's no space travel (though it's in development roadmap). If you watched the trailer - it is misleading in this regard and it shows you stuff that is not yet implemented in the game.4) Building is prefab-based. Meaning, you're not ""building"" things out of simple blocks, you place structures and objects premade by developers."
76561197961827905,Recommended,402710,25743605,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,G3Bishop,"The game No Man's Sky could have been...the game it should have been. To the developers, thank you...this game, is literally out of this world! I only say this: Wormsign! Holy Moly! There are no words to describe how awesome it was to die like I did...I basically sat there with my mouth agape, gasping out loud, in utter amazement, ""oh my god."" LOL! Listen everyone, if you feel like you've been burned by NMS, do yourself a favor and pick this game up, you won't be disappointed!"
,Recommended,402710,34085700,Posted: 7 August,all,Dark Maiden,"I have recently starting playing this game and I find it very egaging. I have read some negative reviews on the game, and I do see where some of the complaints are coming from. That said, there are a few mitigating things that belay, in my opinion,  the negatives.First, the big issue I have read about is the fact you start the game with little to nothing to work with and must, for the most part, use the simple tool of a rock to get started. Here's the thing, this game, from what I am seeing, is an attempt to give a, somewhat, realistic feel of being stranded on a hostile planet with litle advanced resourse. (Manufactered Tools, Technologies ect.) So you start with what is provided by the planet, till you can advance to more relatable tech-levels. This, in my eyes, gives this game a level of complecty and sense of urgancy that is the hallmark of a well concieved game, with in its chosen genra; base building Survivals.Another issue, I have read, is that whatever you make a furture patch can take it all away and leave you with the need to start over from scratch, once more. That complaint is an odd one, considering this is an Early Access game. It goes without saying that you will be starting over many times before the finally game his, actual, launch. If you did not want to experiance the lost of months of progress it would be best not to purchase the game till it's full release. But, and this is something to take note of and the reason, most, ppl do purchase EA games. The chance to help make a stable, enjoyable and playable game. If someone feels this game has poteinal, then, instead of saying the game is unrecocmengable for things that are not technical issues, it, might, be more productive to send your feedback to the developers and see if there might be changes to be had, that will make the game a bit more enjoyable for you and those that agree with you, while not lowering the quality of what, positive, changes that have, already, been made.Anyways, this is my take on the game and, a couple of issues that have been expressed."
,Not Recommended,402710,32131616,Posted: 2 June,all,kamicaloz,"I played this game for about 6 hours before deciding to stop.  It felt more like an Aliens version of Dark Souls.  Each monster you fight is more like a boss battle, and when 2-3 gang up on you at once, you can't seem to deal with it, and running away doesn't work.  The best strategy I've found is to find something high up to hide on while you tickle them with your laser gun.Of the 6 hours played, I'd say more than half was spent fighting monsters.  And then all but 5% of what was left looking for and mining resources (probably close to an 80/20 split, respectively), and the last 5% was exploring options with the base.It seemed that every few minutes, I'd get aggro from a monster that did not have line-of-sight on me.  It more felt like ""If you are within radius x of creature, set aggro = true"".  So I'd get aggro from creatures on the other side of mountains, or across an entire valley, and with each being a huge time commitment, it just became frustratingly repetitive over time.  As I'm reflecting on the game, scenes of fighting are more dominant than not.As for resource gathering, I had to go lookup on a wiki as to the location of Carbon, since I had ventured 1500 meters away from my base in search of that and Hydrogen and found neither.  Both are required for better gear, and I couldn't find them at all until I looked it up.  It just seemed like they did a great job at hiding resources, making you spend most of your time fighting overpowered monsters, giving you crappy gear to deal with it, and then making the ability to find the starting domino to trigger improvement nearly impossible to locate, and said, ""Here's a game.""I know it's in early access, but they should have put more into it before releasing it for early access.  It would seem that the ploy to make money before launch is the current meta for games, and this one has me seriously debating every getting an Early Access game again.  If you like Dark Souls, you might like this.  If you like Subnautica, Minecraft, Destiny, No Man's Sky, or other gathering/base-building games, this one has so little reference towards that I would be leery to even classify them in the same category.  I wouldn't recommend this game if you are really into any of those 4 that I mentioned."
76561198012495677,Not Recommended,402710,25848288,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,bullinshop,"Osiris: New YawnThe good news is that Osiris: New Dawn has good bones.  The bad news is that good bones is pretty much all it has going for it. Beneath a thin veil of basic gameplay and decent visuals lies an even thinner survival experience, lacking both breadth and depth.It's heartening to know that O: ND is being published by Reverb Triple XP, a reputable publisher with a track record of hits like Rocket League and ARK: Survival Evolved. The game is being developed by Fenix Fire Entertainment, with whom I'm not immediately familiar, but their bio is solid. Even better, it's been released into early-access right after the intergalactic♥♥♥♥♥♥storm that is NMS, which means lots of folks are likely to get on board which in turn could mean that Osiris: New Dawn gets some much-needed love from its developers.Trudging through the sandy soil on the first (and only) planet (moon, technically) gives you a sense of awe and possibility that I haven't felt since the first time that I booted up Subnautica (which, spoiler alert, is a WAYYYY better game at the moment). Floating boulders, gargantuan skeletal remains, a surprisingly well written score, and competent visuals give the sense that anything is possible. The sad truth is that O:ND is that practically nothing is possible.At first, I chalked the aforementioned trudging up to the fact that hey - it's the beginning of a survival game, it's meant to be a bit painful, right? Trudge over here, wack this boulder, trudge over there, wack that boulder. It's all meant to build a sense of accomplishment once you manage to cobble together your first shelter, weapon, vehicle, etc. The problem is that the primary gameplay mechanic of O:ND is, in fact, trudging.Resources are so thinly sprinkled on the vast landscape that if you choose not to use a wiki like me, you could be wandering around in circles for significant stretches of time without doing much of note. Before long I found myself wishing this game had an auto-run button so that could finish reading more of my book while I haphazardly jetpacked from one resource node to another.All of this plodding is exacerbated by the fact that Fenix Fire provides the player with almost no tools to help navigate the considerably sized landscape. There's a pretty basic map tool (which ""maps"" nothing but basic topography and X,Y coordinates - you can forget about any resource bookmarking or pathfinding here), a beacon that doesn't appear on your HUD or the map, and a FLAG. That's right. An actual FLAG. As in, useful for finding where you're supposed hit that tiny white dimpled ball, but not terribly useful for marking resources hidden behind a giant space worm skeleton. Top that off with the fact that even with all that dust and sand around you don't leave any footprints, and it's easy to forget exactly which nearly-identical crater you left that oh-so-important unobtanium in.If the lack of navigational aids wasn't bad enough, until you build you first hoverbike (which took me about 5 hours) there is absolutely ZERO upgrade to traversal speed. No ultralight boots, no upgraded jetpack, no super fuel, NADA. I would have given an arm and a leg for a space-unicorn to flog to death if it meant a 10% speed increase.All that wandering about might be forgivable if the crafting tree weren't so poorly designed. Unclear and occasionally misleading descriptions, missing features, and poorly balanced resource requirements make crafting more of a chore than a reward, and even when you do manage to cobble together some basic structures, you're then tasked with INDIVIDUALLY FILLING IN EACH BLINDINGLY GENERIC WALL. So out you go, back into the not so dangerous desert-y landscape to do a bit more alien grocery shopping.I use the term ""grocery shopping"" because there is hardly any drama while you're out collecting resources. Most of the limited alien species that inhabit our extraterrestrial Food Lion are only ""hostile"" if you get close enough, and even then they just poke at you with whatever gangly appendage they happen to possess. In spite of their visual diversity, each alien is essentially the same unit with a different skin and more or less hit points. Combat feels more like trying to end a conversation with your overly-chatty neighbor than fighting for your survival on an alien planet.That is, of course, aside from the baddies who come out at night. The first night cycle in this game was one of the only truly outstanding moments for me. I was wandering through the abandoned ruins of another settlement (nothing to be found there but sand-blasted, half built structures, and empty hopes I'm sad to say) when I was attacked by some vaguely Ridley Scott esque alien dudes, and was left scrambling after I ran out of auto-rifle clips. It was pretty terrifying right up until I discovered that in spite of their considerable agility, they couldn't figure out how to get up onto the roof of the structure I was on. So I left the game running, read some Kotaku articles and drank a beer, while half-heartedly pew-pewing them to death with my pistol until the sun rose. Ho hum.Fast forward a couple repetitive hours spent hacking together a few different crafting tables and structures, and you're ready to build your first hoverbike; which is both great (because you can skim along the surface of the planet quite effortlessly, shoving masses of resources into your luggage) and terrible (because you realize just how thin the developers have spread the content by limiting storage and flinging resources across the landscape). Shortly thereafter, you can put together a similarly awesome spaceship, and fly into similarly empty space.Hope - as they say - is a fickle ♥♥♥♥♥.Add to all of this the fact that multiplayer doesn't have a great reputation on the review boards (I didn't bother with it), and what you've got is a strong promise (premise?) but little follow-through.My advice? Keep your hard earned cash, or go check out Subnautica. This rock ain't worth your time....yet.[Update on 10-5-16: This review is getting way more click traffic than I had imagined when I posted so I came back to do a few updates, mostly to make sure I was mentioning the developers and publishers in the correct contexts.I also fixed the spelling on Ridley Scott's name - sorry about that, buddy.Additionally, since this title looks like it might get updates fairly regularly, I'll try to check in every few weeks to make sure this stays current, and honest to the current state of the game.]"
76561198039729288,Recommended,402710,25771686,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Sack,"Just played 5+ hours straight and I am absolutely blown away by this game. There is a lot of content shown in the trailer and in screen shots that is either unavailable or isn't implemented or working properly. After some much needed updates this could easily be the best survival game available. (I am a 33 year old veteran gamer and have played almost every survival game on Steam.)Pros for what's currently available:- Graphics and sound are top notch and what you would expect from a AAA game. I am not bull-♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ you, it looks fantastic and the soundtrack makes it all that much more immersive. The screen shots and gameplay videos seriously do not do it justice.- Runs smooth as hell when I max out graphics (for me personally).- Alien AI is actually really good. Enemies flank you, and attack/ defend appropriately. Gunplay seems decent but I really have only used 2 starter weapons.- Exploration of the planet is highly engrossing. You seriously feel like a small man in a huge intimidating alien world.Cons for current build:- Many unfinished parts of the game. I myself wasted at least an hours worth of gathering materials crafting the barracks, which you can craft... but doesn't work... such is EA.- Who knows if they will actually include seemless interplanetary travel down the road - if they do, 25 bucks for this game will be a mother♥♥♥♥ing steal.Is it worth 25 bucks, today - like, right now? Meh, not really but I am going to take a gamble on these guys and keep my fingers crossed that they use the profits from these sales to make the most bad♥♥♥♥♥space game in existence, because it seriously could be."
,Recommended,402710,25850737,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Barry McCociner,This game is in its very early alpha and it's still better than no man's sky.I have faith in this game.for a early alpha its a 9/10
76561198038904235,Recommended,402710,29361722,Posted: 19 January,all,Furox,"Osiris: New Dawn holds a special place in my Sci-fiction heart. The developers wanted the player to ""FEEL"" their game's emotional impact. Rather than some of the other crop-ups in response to No Man's Sky, Osiris takes the detour away from merely exploring. Now it's for survival. Now it's for investigation. Now it's for a better understanding as to why our lives will be forever changed because we are unable to return to Earth.I don't know how many, but some people will say, ""I'd rather play Astroneer"" or ""I'd rather play Empyrion."" You know what? That's up to them. Osiris brings to the table AMAZING graphical content. AMAZING animations. AMAZING models. and AMAZING in-game feeling. Ultimately, if you set the table for the hardest gameplay possible, you experience a new realm.Osiris gives you the tools to explore, build, defend and destroy. Content has been intermittant, but a game that delivers this amount of quality is seeking to make it last. NMS burned because the content couldn't last. Here in Osiris, gameplay is meant to be adventurous and challenging. With the realistic conditions of thermal dynamics, oxygen, and legitimate ""building"" or ""crafting,"" you can expect a change of depth in your otherworldly dreams.Is there stuff missing? Yes.Do the developers listen? Yes.Should you help them live their dream too? ABSOLUTELY!Look, this game deserves at least 100hrs in a year from everyone. You can watch it from others, but the experience of being in this realm really opens your eyes to what is possible in games now. (and don't quote me, but I think the devs have a secret storyline that we haven't heard about.)So, go ahead. Play the game!"
,Recommended,402710,34196686,Posted: 12 August,all,Jean-Arnhem,"Full review can be found on the Indie Detective Reviews series:https://youtu.be/CGOPvDUfHkI?t=6m46sEarly Access games have problems - now let me say why Osiris:ND is differentThere are frankly too many open world survival games on the market today, but none of them look as good as Osiris. Most of those games suffer from framerate lag; Osiris fixed that a month after launch. The devs release regular, large, feature-full content patches with fast fix patches afterward. Everything in the game is beautiful - the sky, the textures, the effects. It's an experience. And Osiris was pioneering multiplayer in these survival games before most others even touched it.I only have a couple beefs with the game. There are still clipping issues - creatures will run and attack through walls. Baddies spawn when you're mining, which is frustrating. And the $25 price tag is a hard sell on early access doubters when you want to put together a MP team. That's it though; the rest of the game is very enjoyable, in single or multiplayer."
,Not Recommended,402710,32756104,Posted: 24 June,all,Zombie Burger $2.99,"Can't reccomend this game anymore. It's worse now than when it started.They need to take this game back to the drawing board and figure out what they are trying to make and then focus on getting the basics down.Habitation, food and water. (see below)Game needs a Tutorial (a real one)Would love to see the devs play this from the beginning in single player and see how long they last in current form.Rocks need to be more abundant or more visibleThere should be more viable resources to craft with like branches of trees for making spears or some other pointy weapons or combine a stick with a knife to make a crude spear/slashing weaponBroken weapons should be recyclable - You don't throw anything away when you are in survival mode - damn outa bullets throws away gun:habitation1/     The crashed ship and parts should be scrapable to allow you to at least have a fighting chance at making a habitat.(and If this is possible already I saw NO indications or hints about it):Food/2     Give the player at least 1 weapon that either recharges (Pistol) or dosen't break/dull in 20 hits (knife)Current Gun is good for maybe 1 alien. Knife breaks to easy ( go to your kitchen, pick the crappiest knife you haveand wack it against a rock, bet it's still usable to some degree, but games today decide Nah! )/2a Besides you rations your only food is from berry trees and alien meat.  And Meat means combat and combat is crapbecause of /2 (above)/2b You can create a bashing rock for harcore bashing of things but useless in combat:Water??????????????you die of thirst after all you did to make it to day 7"
,Recommended,402710,25778220,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Shad0wRunn3r,"Amazing game, although I very rarely enjoy survival games. But this.... even if it is a simple idea, the setting, the music, the eerieness of the planet is spot on. Definitely one of the better survival games I have played so far.Pros:-Nice tutorial. Not holding your hand but it is reasonable-Amazing looks, even if it a desert planet only now, it looks gorgeous, hope more will come soon-Music is nice space opera, similar to mass effect and EVE online-In general atmosphere is great-Lots of things to build, but they fit well-Combat is reasonably challenging and pumps things up a bit (for example arachnoids lurking and striking around you during night mining-Survival aspect is enjoyableCons:-Optimization needed for sure (I have a gaming laptop and even if it is not 5k, this game should run better-Some minerals are hard to find-Everything requires TOO much materials imo. Building a habitat is one thing, but you also have to build all its 8 or something walls separately. It is too much struggle-Food/water could deplete slightly faster. Basically I was never even close to being hungry.-Graphic glitchesAll in all what I saw from it, it's a very cathing game, I mainly look forward to some technical and gameplay optimization, and more types of planets. Tundra, jungle, inhabitable planets, etc. But definitely it is a game worth to buy/follow."
76561198009813906,Not Recommended,402710,32964979,Posted: 28 June,all,OobermanMoo,"I would like to start that I would really like to love this game. I used to love this game. Then the updates came... This game went from being so much fun to what the hell happened literally overnight. I do not mind the character wipes I do not mind the slow grind for materials. This being said, the developers have chosen a path that leads down a road of painstaking issues for the player. In order to progress you have to go into areas where the enemies are way to powerful for the gear you can craft. While some would disagree, which I respect, the players that are looking for the adventure over a Dark Soul scenario are going to be sorely disappointed. The introduction of the stone crafting system, the changes to animations, and the general progression limitations that have been introduced are completely counter productive and are merely a very very sad attempt at dragging out gameplay by the developers. The time and effort that went into these systems could have been spent bringing the wonders that the trailer brought and all the amazing things that players could have hoped to build. I am sorry to say at this point I would not reccomend this game for even $0.99. The trailer and the initial flow compared to the developments lead me to believe the development team are moving away from the grand ideas they showed in the trailers. I will visit this review in time as the game progresses but if this is the development path the game has chosen I cannot see this game being anything good, instead, for those of us that remember, it could become the sad sequal of Starforge."
,Not Recommended,402710,33840427,Posted: 27 July,all,Da Warboss,"I tried so hard to support this game. I understand it is still in early access.I jumped on when there is no content. We have built everything that can be made. Half the stuff used to work but sadly has been turned off due to issues or bugs.The final straw for me was when our group took a little longer jumping back on to find the whole of the base now classed as abandoned!You cant get a space ship to go to planet without crashing or have half the tech tree working, but you can remember to set an abandoned timer. What the hell are they excepting us to do! Jump on go ""oooo look a rock"" and jump off everyday so our bases didnt disappear!Sorry im just raging right now!Uninstalled, removed the Osiris channel from my discord and shook my fist at the screen for 5 minutes wanting my 30+ hours back.Rant over."
76561197963996984,Not Recommended,402710,32155185,Posted: 3 June,all,Heckle,"Only just started playing, and the game looks great. But it's still incredibly buggy.  Quests dont work, and while you start out with some water, it runs out quickly.  I dont know why survival games do this, but while in real life, being out of water you'll die in a few days, in this game its a couple minutes.   Further it compounds this pesky feature with making water  extremely scarce.  Further theres no write up in the community on how to get more.  Items you need to build are behind a skill tree thats poorly worded to explain.  There is a turorial quest, but the tutorial quest bugs out.   So you build a Furnace, and then nothing.   In ""survival"" games  it usually goes, shelter, water, food in list of priorities to figure out.  But in this game its, Shelter, furnace, more shelters, chemistry set, hopefully find an oxygen geyser, hopefully find a hydrogen geyser, build mechanisms to gather and store gases,  transport barrels to chemistry set, make water.   But again, all that is behind skill trees.Then there are monster encounters that seem to be dependend on when you're gather.  You hit enough things with a hammer and something spawns literally behind you and attacks you with no warning.  Then it takes 5 minutes to kill the thing.  Making this game not fun or interesting but tedious.The game looks great and it has potential, but don't buy it until the developers can get their act together and sort out mechanics in game play that make sense and sort out the bugs to make it more enjoyable."
,Recommended,402710,25744367,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Scooby Snack,"Id wait a few weeks/months before buying it. Game is raw even for early access, but it has tremendous potential."
76561197977619350,Recommended,402710,25743490,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Wispy,Great atmosphere and setting. So far my hopes are high for this game. Best comparison is a cross between Ark and Subnautica.
76561198047557079,Recommended,402710,26081803,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,skullbrandy,"A lot of the bad reviews on this game (not all of them) are coming from people who do not understand what ""Early Access"" is or what it means and probably didn't take the time to read the big blue banner that explains how this is in facct an early access title. So with that being said, you should be taking those negative reviews with a grain of salt because as I said, most of the people saying this game is bad have no idea what they are talking about and went into this game with unreasonable expectations.So would I recommend this game? Yes, absolutely yes. It is no doubt a great game in the making and I have had a lot of fun with it, even being my first early access title and I have no doubt you will have a blast as well. However, I would not say this game is for everyone just yet.Who do I recommend this game to? Well it entirely depends on your expectations going into this game. Are you going into this game expecting a full and complete title, full of content and features primmed to perfection? If so, then like a lot of the negative reviews on here, you will be disappointed. Those expectations are not realistic or reasonable considering the state of this game. If you are going into this game expecting bugs, knowing that the game is early on in the process of development (like alpha stage) then you, like myself, will have a lot of fun playing this.Just know what you are getting into, and I cannot stress that enough. At this point in the game, server wipes, bugs and losing your progress are very normal. Until the game gets more into the beta stages this is the way it is going to be, and if you are not cool with that then I recommend you wait, hold onto your money unless you want to support the devs.Speaking of the devs, they have been very passionate and responsive to the community and have been putting out patches at least once a week or every couple days. Overall this game looks very promising, has a lot of potential and a strong team behind it. As long as you are aware of what you are getting into, I can highly recommend this game.TLDR: Great game, if you don't like early access then wait a couple months before putting your money into it unless you want to support the devs."
76561197996328792,Recommended,402710,25771756,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Chris,Now I can fufill my dream of growing crops in Space! Just like Matt Damon!
,Not Recommended,402710,32759036,Posted: 24 June,all,LoopKat,"Everything about this game is anti-fun. You need to bash rocks with rocks for hours on end to make crude metal tools, but you can only get that far after wandering aimlessly to find super rare resources at specific coordinates (which can only realistically be found via an online guide).The latest update (June 25, 2017) gave your pistol limited ammo (your only saving grace against enemy encounters) and amplified the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t by 1,000%. This has been on Steam for nearly a year, yet it's hardly more than the most basic of playable alphas."
76561198180366265,Recommended,402710,26062064,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Ninja,"Ive played many Survival games Ark, the forest, 7 days to die, H1z1, Subnautica, Empryion, and more.Day 1, Awake to find myself in a grim situation stuck on a mars like planet with a cracked helmet, managed to fix helm searched area to find some suplies Including weapons, food, shelter and a handy droid. assembled Inflatable dome to rest.Day 2, did some exploring found some minerals to build a storage chest and forge to build better equipment and supplies, started assembling a larger housing unit one capable of added on to so more exploring is possible.day 3, EXPLORING spent the day jetting around with my boosters finding all kinds of minerals aliens that are not friendly and breath taking views.day 4, assembled Barraks bio-dome and enchanched my living quaters next is too build some vehicles...Ive put about 15 hrs in this game and have enjoyed every minute, play with friends or solo its great either way (which is rare in this genre) if u enjoy survival and space u cant go wrong with Osiris i cant wait to see where this game takes me once i get into space.. so far 9/10 :)"
76561198030929072,Recommended,402710,28485891,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Revan1611,"I bought this game yesterday, i fell in love with it after first 15 minutes playing it, i always dreamed for this kind of survival game. It sure has a lot bugs here and there, optimisations, balancing and stuff, but it's perfect imho, i feel like i'm in the Martian movie. I want to say to these two devs who created this game in just 5 years, you guys are freaking awesome :D"
,Recommended,402710,25831625,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Ryuujin,"This game is really early in development, it is nowhere near a 'complete game' if you opt to buy, do so with the intention to poke about/see development and support the devs, rather than go in expecting a finished game.Osiris so far is extremely promising, the basic framework for everything we've seen advertised is already in the game; vehicles, building, gameplay both in space and on the surface, multiplayer etc. and all of them show swathes of potential. Furthermore, the game is already incredibly pretty, moment to moment almost any random screen could make a lovely desktop background.Gameplay-wise, it takes the survival genre but successfully applies it in a sci-fi setting;The Martiancertainly feels like it was a big inspiration in the game's development both aestheticlly and in setting. Mechanically feels like it sits in a middleground betweenSubnautica, andARK: Survival Evolved- which is a good thing, these are two of my all-time favourite survival sandboxes.In it's present state, there is a lot of placeholders, devices that don't have a function, GUI elements with placeholder text and ad hoc workarounds to absent engine functions. The balance clearly has not even begun to be worked in - however, we've already begun to see these placeholder features turned into actual working features, so this is nothing to be alarmed by, it's simply the nature of a game still in development."
76561198094154656,Recommended,402710,25795710,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,htluvinz,"feels like i spent the night with ridley scott. im gonna need a lot more of this, for science."
,Recommended,402710,28473832,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Cunning Linguist,"More of a recommendation than a review. Nothing short of amazing. After the new update, even more so. I can highly recommend this game to anyone who likes survivalgames. The ""realistic"" sci fi setting is just spot on. I play this alone atm. Feels amazing. You truly feel lost on a hostile and alien world. Devs really hit it out of the park ."
,Recommended,402710,31411065,Posted: 28 April,all,Ward Meachum,"I've been playing this game for 150 hrs and still in love with this game despite all of the bugs. I believe the game will be very great when it's fully developed.People who give some thumbs down need to chill out and give the devs some more time, there's more things to come.UPDATE :I almost hit 220 hrs and haven't changed my opinion about this game. The recent patch makes the game even more awesome with the ingots, flares, gangnam dance and stuff.If you have any trouble with the game (resources and aliens), I encourage you to check the Community Discussions before crying like a baby, because I really like how the game keep challenging the players.Here's some priceless experiences I had in this game so far :- The first time I jumped in Multiplayer and shouting ""Anybody out there?""- When I started banging my chisel against the Diamond Ores in the deepest point of a cave for the first time after beating some ferocious aliens.- That moment when I stuck in Aziel without my spaceship and my friend's ship slowly descend from the sky, landed, and give me enough resources to build a Lab and a brand new spaceship to get home.- When I logged in to the game and found myself in an empty area where my base was supposed to be.- The moment I spotted some d*cks were trying to destroy my base and killed them mercilessly.Currently, I only have a few things to do in the game, other than keeping an eye of the base destroyers. I still highly recommend the game. It is worth the price."
76561198024597211,Recommended,402710,25809339,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Sugarnipnips,"Okay, So here as much information i got of the game so far to help you guys if wondering if to buy.So to start off, this game is like No Man Sky but 1000x better! The Graphics are amazing to begin with. For being early release, the dev team of this game went beyond what i was expecting to see. When they mean a free open roam, horror, exploration game they meant it. I had a few jump scares at first because the AI can be sneaky and catch ya with your guard down. So far i have only started with the single player mode to see what its like on your own. That 4.7 hours is so far still exploring and trying to find every resource (because i am not going to take the easy way and youtube it). The resources come in handy for building up a base and basically making an area home for you. (Take the idea of SubNautica underwater base and putting that on a mars like planet). The Building you have so far is a Inflatable Dome, Lab/garage, Barracks, Green House, Housing Unit (Large Connector) and a handful of other support type building. (Not going to tell what everything does, that for you to find out.) Now building is fun, downside is that it can be an ANNOYING process of running around collecting resources to build every wall to complete the building, remember i am also playing single player so no help in building. There is a ranking system in it so far, It is very basic in it. You rank up, have X number points available to put in 5 different cats (Health, Strength, Ect.) but you also have a different ranking system to what type of gun you use to kill enemies, and mining. Downside of ranking system is that one kill equal to one exp point...when you need 700 to rank up, its going to be a hot minute of killing everything.This Game has alot of potental in it. The game is already amazing and the dev already stated on their website that they will be providing major updates to the game per month to make it even better. Right now they are solely working on this starter planet to make sure everything runs as perfect as possible before starting with the free space travel. That means they are dedicated to the gamer than trying to make a quick dollar off us and release a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game. Still some work that needs to be done, ex working drones AI needs to be tweak alittle more so the♥♥♥♥♥hole can stop running into walls, and I admire the building idea but damn brother, building every wall sucks♥♥♥♥♥ I recommend this game highly because of the potental in it, the unique idea of it and that the devs are heavily involve in making it better. -Sugarnipnips out-"
,Recommended,402710,34384952,Posted: 20 August,all,Blood Debauchery,"This game has come a long way since I've purchased it. Its open world type is Survival. It's complicated, hard, and can at times be very like a thriller with lots of suspense. I have already put some time into the game and can see there is a ton still to explore and build. Very exciting. :)"
,Recommended,402710,25834050,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Kingfisher,"Good game. Updates flooding out almost every day since release. Provided it stays pretty much like this, the game will go far."
,Not Recommended,402710,30306058,Posted: 3 March,all,Absolute Madman✨,"I have a few qualms about this game. I cannot say my game time was fun, nor was it very hopeful. I'm surprised the game has such a high score, however, it shows a lot of promise and if not left alone to rot, could one day prove to be a very successful game.Negatives, because bad first means good last.1) Carbon is essential to this game, but ♥♥♥♥ if carbon can be found. The nearest deposits were 45 min run away and without any real weapons or trucks (Require carbon to make) you are pretty much running a death race.2) Unresponsive, overresponsive movement and camera controls. In 1st person, the game seems to overdo your turns and the sort, but in 3rd person, it doesn't do it enough. Sometimes the game dosen't turn your character at all.3) The explanation for almost all resources and objects is poor to none. I had to do a 15 min research paper basically to find out how to get water. Turns out you have to build something that, you guessed it, requires carbon.4) Enemy failure to respond. It seems you cannot shoot the enemy and expect every round that hits, to hit. Some rounds bounce right off without any damage, and some shots that by all rights should have missed, do critical damage.5) Stressful and slow building is a blight on this game. First you have to build the frame, then the parts one would assume comes with the structure, separately. They build quickly up to 70-80% but then slow down for little reason, it is stressful to see this.6) When hit, must stagger. No matter the size of the hit you take, but it from running into a spiky ball or hit by a massive spider, you will stagger like someone attached a 70 lb weight to your head and pushed you at the chest.7) The cooldown on the repair tool is something out of a nightmare. That 2 sec cooldown is way worse than one would assume.8) Drone controls also have a really small radius of usage, I have to hug the thing in order for it to respond to me. I don't know what I did to annoy it.9) Sounds seem to come and go for almost no reason. I could hear the sound of a moaning insect from across the map, but couldn't hear my drone shooting rounds at something 14 m away.On a positive note...1) It looks pretty. The rain effects are nice.2) The customization is a nice touch, although the chances of you being able to make what part what color you want, or infact color the part you want to color in the first place, seems to be up to chance. (It is not, but it certainly feels like it)3) I like the idea of the upgrade trees, but I feel like they need to be cleaned up.4) Third person radar is 2x effective as first person radar. I don't know why this is, but it is."
76561198317069140,Recommended,402710,25791819,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,GGPlox,">Launch Game>Excited to play Martian simulator 2016>I Build Habitat>Build walls for Habitat>Go to collect minerals for coupler>Eaten by space worm10/10 Would not save progress again.In all honesty this game is great. For an early access there is a lot to do, and it keeps you wanting to progress your base. Good work by the developer. Only wish is that friends could build closer to eachother, but otherwise its awesome."
,Not Recommended,402710,31544132,Posted: 4 May,all,Poffie,"**EDIT**After the latest big patch i've had enough time invested to share some changes, good and bad.- Newest patch added 2 new classes to the game (Engineer and Marine).- Classes don't have any other real diffrence than to what equipment they start with.- Tech tree was introduced.- Questline changed a bit (have to complete in order to enter the mines).- Removed OMPA Drone (Osiris Mission Personal Assistant).- No new buildings.- No new space aliens.- Vehicles from Lab still have to be built with regular minerals, not with ingots.- Amount of steel plates/sheets required to build anything.- Stone forge needs plutonium to build?!Now most of the changes above aren't really anything to write home about.I can understand why they added the tech tree and i have no problems with it.Pretty much everything that the patch introduced is good  thumbs up.Now let's talk about the bugs, yes the lovely bugs that  makes you want to smash your fist thru your monitor and throw your mouse and keyboard out of the window.Legendary bug N#1 still is:- Trying to travel to Aziel or back to Proteus in a spaceship sometimes causes you to lose connection and most likely results in your spaceship to disappear and either sends you back to aziel or proteus. (For ♥♥♥♥s sake this has been an issue ever since Aziel was first intoduced)- N#2 Random hard crashes.- N#3 VERY unstable FPS.- N#4 Can't enter the mines when in party.- N#5 You're in party but you're not in party.- N#5 You will stay in your party unless you quit the game and then log back in.- N#6 Saving doesen't work and you possibly lose hours of invested time.- N#7 Buildings and items may disappear at random.Those are just icing on the cake as there are numerous bugs as you can expect from a EA Alpha product.I personally still like the game even though it often frustrates me to the brink of wanting to HULK SMASH something.I know the devs are hard at work  but, i absolutely detest that they always try to pack as much♥♥♥♥♥♥♥as possible in one patch and potentially introducing more problems than fixes.They could just throw in small patches every couple weeks or so while preparing for the big update.As of now, i still can't recommend the game, not until they manage to stabilize it and show a clear sign on where they are heading with the game.Anyways, i'll keep editing and reporting new bugs and if some has been fixed."
,Recommended,402710,31189491,Posted: 16 April,all,>>>RICECREAM,"If you enjoy base building and space, this is a game to watch out for. Fairly limited for now but heres the ""So Far.."" review.The starting planet is lovely in my opinion. Very nice to look at and very lonely feeling. Night time made me crap myself the first couple nights until i figured the game out.  You kinda end up feeling like Matt Damon in the martian, same type of world same potato in human poop science.  Mmmmmmm....The nice thing about starting in the game is there is a small tutorial in the form of missions, like pick up your tent, assemble tent etc.  It plays kind of like minecreaft when it comes to mining and harvesting but more like lego when building bases.  There is a bit of a science aspect to it though like using hydrogen and oxygen to make water,  certain gases and carbon to make plastic etc.  Kinda neat but again fairly limited as of yet.Now for the enemies. Oh where to begin.  I think i pooped myself when mining diamonds and i was ambushed by 3 count it, 3 ferocious arachnoids, a infant gnat and a female crap monster.  All in a confined pitch blasck tunnel.  Those arachnoids move like that girl from the excorcist smoke meth and learned to teleport!  Oh and did i mention when an enemy touches you your character instinctivly slowly turns 180 degrees and back completely throwing your sense of direction off.  Terrifying! Once you start to get vehicles and mechs the game becomes fairly easy as no enemies can hurt you really.OK so multiplayer.... wow.  Nothing is more frustrating than building a base comepletely surrounded by defensive walls and turrets just to have some dude sit far back with a pistol and destroy the turrets because they only have a range of like 13.2cm, then charge to through your walls with the hammer you start with and steal/destroy your lifes work.  A fewe adjustments need to be made to level out how base attacks work because as it stands there is no point of base building in multiplayer when bob the builder can wreck your stuff without a challenge.Overall i enjoyed this game so far and would recomend fans of sci-fi and survival keep an eye on it!"
76561198064556977,Not Recommended,402710,32357871,Posted: 11 June,all,[0GS] Sham Cow,"I played this game during winter break with my friends in our own private server. Optimization was poopoo, but I ignored most of the problems, and was able to carry on. The materials were spread out kinda far apart, but we remedied that with the transport we built. We eventually got into space after playing for about 6 days, but it was disappointing. We clipped through a giant space station we thought we could board, the asteroids were just rocks that did jack♥♥♥♥♥♥ and it kept ""raining"" on my screen. We flew to that ice planet, hoping to set up a colony there. There were some minerals we hadn't seen before, but after a quick wiki check, we found out that they did jack♥♥♥♥♥♥as well, since the devs didn't give them a use. We also found some aliens who did nothing except clip their heads in ice pillars. That was essentially the end of our time in OsirisPlayed 30 mins of the new update, quit after my fps couldn't get higher that 20"
,Recommended,402710,25811707,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Frostღ,Singleplayer is amazing.. Coop is a buggy laggy mess.. ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
,Recommended,402710,25889925,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Marked One,"This game has the unholy trinity of flags to be yet another disappointment. Early Access, Survival, and developer with a very small portfolio to show what they can do. Against all logic, I went ahead and gave in. Very glad I did. I'm very surprised at the game. Even in such an early build, this game feels great. The graphics are amazing, the gameplay is solid for what it is. I expect it to be polished overtime, but for a game this early in development to feel this good,  I expect great things.The creatures in the game also stand out and aren't just reskins from another game, or at least that what it feels like for me. Nighttime has a real sense of fear starting out as well, in the pitch black of night, you can almost feel yourself being stalked. Once you get your first hover bike and you open it up on the flats is great feeling that I rarely ever get these days. Keep in mind it is your typical fetch and come back type of game that allows base building. There is some grinding but seeing your colony come together is great.The developer is showing promise as well, works with the community and reaches out when bugs occur. If you think you'll enjoy the game after watching the previews, jump on it. It's still a little rough around the edges, but what ever price it's at is worth it. Please note this game has nothing to do with Egypt, you're just on a desert planet. There will be more planets later and you can go into space currently but its more of a proof of concept currently."
76561198047861230,Not Recommended,402710,32180508,Posted: 4 June,all,doomslay,"Ok, first I want to be totally honset I got this game because I'm waiting for Empyrion Alpha 6.0 to drop, That being said this game has a lot of potential. but right now there are too many (placeholders) for me to recommend a buy. Thee are so many let downs, we went into a dungeon looking for rare mats and I was exspecting a grand adventure, it took all of 5 minutes to complete, we built the spacecraft looking to explore only to find out there was nothing there there. after you build the space ship that is it no more game. I am hoping that now that I have the game that it will keep developing so I can revisit and ive it a better review"
76561198017068999,Recommended,402710,25765299,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Dixie Normoose,"i was walking along trying to find plutonium to build my forge when i came across this huge crater... i cautiously walked along the edge trying to decide if its safe to go down... after minutes of walking back and forth and looking around for any danger, i finally manned up and took a step down the crater... surprise surprise the ground started shaking and this gigantic sand worm just burst out of the ground and dived straight for me... i peed my pants and accepted my inevitable death...9/10 great game!11/10 when you are high"
76561198004219489,Recommended,402710,25900202,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Draconisthuban,"Another Sci-fi survival game ... well perhaps but there is more than meets the eye. I am a scientist myself and i love realistic sci-fi games. This one looks very promising. Although it is, in a (early access game) stage it looks awesome. Falling on a allien planet at a distant solar system, having limited resources with you and finding a way to survive the night terrors (indiginus allien creatures) is an excellent start. But there is more , you find a way to build a fully functional colony , build solar panels to supply energy to your buildings, grow your own food, replenish water and aer supplies. You build your own planetary Rover and then a spacecraft to find a way home ... who knows.  All that seem very intersting but there are also hidden mysteries on the planet you fall. A destroyed human colony and far away, a half open door that leads to a hidden underground station,  makes you wonder what more will come as the game evolves. Everything looks very realistic, the way you repear your suit, the oxygen replenishment, the fatigue even the dust on your suit, I forgot to mention the Ai mechanism behind the allien creatures, it is very intersting to realise that some enemies are more intelligent than others and therefore more cunning at their attacks. I cant wait for more material, mission quests, game mechanics to be released.  I believe the possibilities are endless ... i imagine iceplanets, water planets even volcanic all with different conditions and survival difficulties. Maybe the remnants of an allien race can be found on a moon and ofcourse a 32/32 multiplayer game with colonies on different planets.  I believe that all ppl that love sci-fi-realistic, survival games should try this one. Keep up the good work."
76561198046618974,Recommended,402710,26470166,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Hogle,"I have to say that I like this already. They seem to be doing a fairly good job of getting the form of the game in... the mechanics, bug fixes, etc... in before they worry too much about expanding out. That said, the world is already larger (I think) than the map of Skyrim... at least in how long it takes to move about.Good Things:* Graphics look great* Sounds are excellent* Has a distinct thrill of terror and awe when dealing with alien life. (Ranging from little pests to the giant sand worms.)* Has a solid start on crafting and base buildingNot so great things...:* The character screen appears to be in the middle of a transition from one design to another and isn't so informatie at the moment* Several ""placeholder"" things like battery for flashlight and hover fuel.* Takes forever to get anywhere* Night time leaves you with basically nothing to do for a fairly long period unless you want to take a LOT of risk by going outside at night.Most of the not so great things will be resolved with time and work by the devs. Just natural that we would have to wait while they get the game where it should be. Just be patient, tell them about your ideas and what bugs you've found and you'll be doing your part to get this game going should you purchase it early release.OH! And... just in case you were wondering. The sleeper apparently has NOT awoken, don't try to ride the sand worms. They're just a little cranky."
76561198014000857,Recommended,402710,25937023,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Digital Twin,"good game, still needs work, very very playable, better than no mans sky, grindy like ark. 4/5 stars.Update, Items Disappear from collection. 3/4stars. Fix it!"
76561198051668679,Recommended,402710,30503187,Posted: 14 March,all,Daelore,"Loved this game when it first came out and I keep on seeing update after update constantly improving their game. Just like The Forest, I hope this game constantly gets better and better and they never give up. I haven't played in awhile but I've been watching their progress on this game with excitement waiting for awhile before I jump back in to a whole new, even better experience."
76561197968494146,Not Recommended,402710,29961646,Posted: 16 February,all,Cadwalader,"Reviewed 16th February 2017At first you think this looks awesome. Pretty nice desolate graphics and you're feeling like Mark Watney in The Martian.Then you're getting into it. It's alot of The Martian. You need water, you need oxygen, you need food. But hey, that's the fun in Survival Games, right? Well, it should be. I'm not complaining about the difficulty level, which really isn't all that bad, I like a challenge, but there are many issues as well.1) Alien Lifeforms cheat, they ignore clipping. You can get attacked through the ceiling, floor and walls of your base. What's the point of a base?2) Progession is slow, no I mean VERY slow. The game gives you very very little compared to the timesink it takes to make simple items.3) Pretty obvious bugs. Ok, it's early release, so decide for yourself if this is excusable: time does not flow correctly, it'll always be first day, your robot will start to do what you tell it to do and then completely ignore you (pointless robot), you have all the items needed to make another item and it just simply will say ""nope, you can't craft it"" (addressed this with support, absolutely no reaction, you usual get to hear from the fan base ""start over!"", which wouldn't be so bad IF the timesink wouldn't be so tremendeous.4) Performance. This is a tough one. As mentioned the graphics are good, very atmospheric, desolate beauty on a foreign planet... but there isn't much there that would explain why this game is so damn hardware hungry. It's really just Mars with no flora, I mean why is the rendering of a desert pulling my rig into a tailspin?5) Multiplayer. Utterly pointless, read some of the other negative reviews as well. There's no point to the multiplayer mode.I'm sorry if I sound negative because at first I really, really liked the game, but as I progressed I found myself playing the game less and less. It really isn't worth the money in its current state. Blatant bugs that just destroyed the game for me in its current state. I might look at it again in 6 months to a year. Number one issue for me was how hard it was to get resources (which would have been ok), but then I can't even build the items I need because the game is bug riddled. But you'll only find out about that once you spend all that time gathering the resources to make the item. No help from development whatsoever. Really sad because the game could have potential even with the other mentioned drawbacks."
,Recommended,402710,26088804,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Bosveld,"My feeling on this game is good. Even though it still lacks a lot of substance it is playable and enjoyable. There is a good basis for a great game to come. Definitely one to watch if you don't have it already!! Regular updates to the game.Basic gameplay consists of:Single Player Mode* Base building* Resource gathering* Vehicle crafting* Basic food and water creation/ preparation* Alien Hunting* Exploration of the planet and some space exploration (once you have a space ship).Multiplayer* All of the single player mode aspects* Clans / Colony creation* Killing other players* Destroying player bases, vehicles and their bots"
,Not Recommended,402710,33788438,Posted: 25 July,all,Karziel,"When this game first came out, it had some bugs but it had a lot of promise. Since then, the devs have added way too much complicated garbage to this game such as a pointless skill tree that forces you to have 2-3 friends with you at all times to even survive.Crafting is annoying, movement is severly clunky, it feels like you're the first bi-pedal robot trying to walk on a tight-rope. The creatures are constant and annoying.Bear in mind that I am writing this after several attemps to survive on lower settings, increased XP gain, increased resource gain, etc... I can't imagine what this would be like under normal circumstances, and I can only imagine it would be impossible.Additionally, I feel it is extremely important to note that the entire time I've spent playing this lately, only 3-10 people have been online at any given time.Maybe in the future, if the devs realize they're killing their own game, they'll revert some of these things and improve the game, but for now stay away and spend your money to support a project that doesn't hate itself."
,Recommended,402710,25745342,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,LlewMeister,"This game easily gets 10/10Pros- Graphics are so damn hot- Gameplay is fun- Base building- Animal(creepy af aliens) killing, havent tamed anything yet- Sound is AWESOME- Overall feelCons- Bit unclear in the beginning- Lighting on your backpack and drone dont light up the environment- Not sure about objectiveNothing morep.s. Ignore the Recommended system requirements, my GTX760 2Gb maxes it at ~60fpsEnjoy the game, you wont regret buying it!"
76561198053954100,Recommended,402710,25934990,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,NoBull,"Osiris New Dawn is a game with an amazing start in early access, but with that said its pretty bare bones at the moment. There are monsters to fight, things to build, resources to gather, things to craft, etc....but the resources are super scarce so be ready to do allot of walking (hopefully this changes and resources are a little but easier to come by). One of my biggest problems with this game though is that the monster spawns are always in the exact same place and once you leave that specific spot and come back not even 5 minutes later, the exact same monster is spawned back in. I feel that the spawns should be completely random. It is early access so im sure allot of things will change and i cant wait to see the final product. If you like survival games and you like space then this is for you! I definately reccommed this game!"
,Recommended,402710,30536495,Posted: 15 March,all,Scar,"This has got to be one of the best survival planetary games I've seen in a long time. Graphics are A+, gathering and construction of items is logical and rewarding. Honestly, it doesn't take long to max out, build ships, fly back and forth to the two moons available. Can't wait for additional content. In the mean time, the game has lots to do and explore. Its realistic enough, and I found myself getting sucked in."
76561198024115450,Not Recommended,402710,32086328,Posted: 31 May,all,Lustyz,This one's my last ''early access'' mistake
76561198158055376,Recommended,402710,31025652,Posted: 8 April,all,Son of Numenor,"Ah, Osiris. How much fun you bestowed upon me.But seriously, it actually is very fun. I got into the game super easily, and was ensnared in its fun-trap. Until I got up to 16 hours or so. About that time, if you've played earnestly and your goal is to get a spaceship, you will have gathered enough resources and materials to build a ship and fly off the planet. Yay! But then the novelty of space wears off within 5 minutes of flight, and you soon realize that there is only 1 other planet you can travel to. Not only is there just one other planet, but that planet makes your deserted, little, sand planet feel like paradise! There is ABSOLUTELY nothing to do on the planet, except admire the icy scenery.When I reached the icy hunk of rock, I was so dissapointed. But I thought,  ""Hey, I'll just fly back and build up my base on Proteus 2 (main planet)!"" Yeah right. I spent another 30 minutes trying to find my planet, but it had vanished entirely from the map. I was on the brink of tears, when I realized I couldn't go home. Seriously. I felt like crying. Luckily, I hadn't saved, so I force quit my game, and hoped it would put me back on Proteus 2. I haven't built up enough courage to launch the game again to see if it put me back home.This all sounds pretty negative, so why did I give it a positive review? Because it is one of the best space survival games I have ever played. I felt like I was legitimately stranded on a planet. If you have watched ""The Martian"", this game replicates that feeling of loneliness, and desperation for survival. It was fantastic. I loved the first 14 hours of it all. And the last 2 hours weren't miserable, just dissapointing. I wouldn't buy this game at full price, but on sale it is worth it. If you intend to buy it, just be warned that it is still in early access, and needs a lot of stuff added to make it totally worth the $25 USD price tag. But I am glad to help support the devs of this game, and I hope they keep up the good work."
76561198000664954,Recommended,402710,30102865,Posted: 22 February,all,Phoenix,"This is my first review on steam, so be gentle :) (warning, long and possibly a tad repeating review)At first glance I fell in love with the artstyle of the game. It looks god damn beautiful, even on standard settings. However, as has been mentioned before, it demands a lot out of your computer (might be poor optimisation, but I am no tech wiz, so don't take my word for it). As most people I was utterly gutted about NMS and this was a breath of fresh air in the soace-survival business. You can play with friends on private servers, have a blast there or try your hand at the pvp or pve public servers.Pro's in this game:- Atmosphere, the game has tremendous atmosphere. The music, landscape with its volatile weather and frequent meteor showers really makes you feel insignificant and extremely vulnerable on this planet.- Visuals, artstyle is amazing, not over the top sci-fi. Structures makes sense in how they combine and interact, vehicles look awesome and feel great to operate, especially the hover-bike.- Enemy AI, although still rough in the edges and at times sporadic, the AI has improved severly since I first tried this game. Creatures who see others of the same species get their asses handed to them get apprehensive in fighting you or will run away if they see their health diminish. The large crabs also try to dodge your shots to their legs, as it seems as if they know it will hurt them more (by losing limbs).Cons in this game:-Story, not a lot of it sadly, but the little that is there shows potential (yeah, repeating what oyhers have said before). In the end though, this lack of story may cause you to lose direction in the game after a while, when you have buit what can be built and explored what can be explored.- Items and buildings timer, 7 days grace period after you log off, or its gone is pretty harsh, considering the amount of time you spend obtaning resources. This is a game that at least I return to once in a while to play in this for now beautiful sandbox, and this time limit seems out of place compared to the content in the game isnt enough to motivate players to log in every week, unless your imagination knows no bounds.- Creatures exploiting clipping, your base often gets attacked by the local fauna, thats fine, you can craft perimeter defences and whatnot. But your base is there to protect you from the creatures and so far they have been able to attack me when I am inside the base, where you are supposed to be shielded. Hopefully something they are looking into and possibly something to expect from a game this early in development.- Time spent mining resources, in official servers this is a pain. Xp yield is low, acquiring new tech is tedious and time-consuming. On private servers you have the option to increase rss spawn rate and xp-yield, which makes it all bearable and grants a smoother balance between acquiring new tech and finding enough rss.-Pc requirements, this game looks stunning, but at a price. My gf's pc which is at the minimum reqs, literally fried its motherboard trying to play this game (was probably a bad idea to play osiris on a laptop with amd cores and graphics card, but lesson learned). It does however mean the visual experience suffers unless your rig can handle this as I mentioned earlier perhaps poorly optimised game.All in all, purchase this game if you want a really immersive sandbox survival game with awesome atmosphere and visuals. Just be aware that there is little story in this game as of now. Imagination and creativity will increase your experience of playing this game. There are several bugs in the game, I have lost my hard to locate diamonds a few times due to it disappearing from the inventory after crafting.Its been said by others, this looks promising, and I am very excited about the future of the game, especially story-wise.I would recommend this game, based on the atmosphere alone. The music swells and falls at times random, making you om edge, preparing for an attack and then nothing happens. And at other times it goes completely silent, which allows you to hear the yowls and growls of the native fauna. 10/10 for atmosphere and I will happily advice you to try it if you can entertain yourself and not rely on a given story."
,Recommended,402710,25745735,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,HopelessDecoy,"This is afirst glance review, I have not played late game but this is what I think of the early single player mode.The Pros:Extremely beautiful and atmospheric, you are on this planet I was very immersedSound effects and music are phenominal adding to immersionThe aliens are creepy and very dangerousCrafting is ok pretty basic but nothing badGuns are fun and feel goodMechanics seem solid and in depthThe Cons:Don't expect the beggining of the game to be terribly fun, its a hard uneventful start once you get past the atmosphere and beauty.You can't rebind OR veiw the control scheme... this was very shocking in such a polished looking gameThe aliens are ALL hostile from what I've seen, just shoot first, don't askCrafting is ok pretty basic but could be more, then again over complicated is bad so I can dealThe HUD for your spaceman is awesome looking but I have no idea what anything on my HUD meansThe planet is realistically barren and your guy is SO SLOW, the points of interest are a real journey on footI've heard the multi player is bugged but I don't do multi player so this is word of mouth.In summary, it is totally worth 24 bucks to support this games development and send congrats to the devs for not making a ps1 looking game and putting no mans lie to shame. I have liked this game right from the get go but it does need work and is early access so be warned! But also rejoice for this game is some serious stable and performance friendly gameplay with refreshinly great atmosphere!"
,Recommended,402710,25855240,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,ilikeRV,"Great game! Definitely in its early development stage with not too many things, random frame drops, bugs, and so forth. But definitely has great potential!"
76561198127391156,Recommended,402710,25938876,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,ParadoxLogic,"-Singleplayer-Taped my helmet, put up my inflatable dome, went to hunt for plutonium,♥♥♥♥♥♥my pants when a young alien crab tried to eat my face. Beat the hell out of the crab with a chisel. Died by another crab immediately there after. Went to retrieve body and belongings, tortured and murdered by alien land urchins. Do not touch the land urchins. They will Eff your♥♥♥♥♥♥up.Haven't had any major issues as of yet. Played singleplayer only. The tutorial missions lack some key details on what you're supposed to do but thankfully you can just skip them and have your own adventure.Don't get eaten by land urchins.You can also set your OMPA to mine resources for you. Still haven't figured out how to mine gas yet. I feel like farting in a jar would be easier but it isn't an option.10/10-Multiplayer-So far so good. Laggy, but still fun. The computer desk doesn't work as far as I can tell.. we're still figuring it all out..."
,Recommended,402710,25765117,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,zerofynite,"After drooling, watching, and waiting for No Man's Sky, holding off and not buying it, seeing all the horrible reviews, I was left with a huge void inside of my soul that needed to be filled, and a craving to play something similar. Then I saw the awesome screen shots and videos for this game and there was a spark inside of me that made me buy it. When you first enter this game you will really get the feeling of being immersed being on an alien world, with amazing visuals, weather, day/night cycles. The terrain is truly alien with creatures that will make you fee like a Xenomorph is hiding in a deep cavern somewhere. You also start with a robot buddy, which is pretty cool and doesn't leave you feeling completely alone. The game has great potential, and as this developer listens to the community and expands on the game functionality, and fixes a wide array of bugs, I'm sure it's going to be an amazing experience. However, it's not there yet, you will feel a bit of frustration when you die, and there are a bunch of game breaking bugs... but it's a great start for an early access game and I'm sure it's going to come along. I don't regret supporting this title with my hard earned cash and I can't wait to keep diving into this game to see what's next. NOTE: Make sure your computer is kick a$$. It does suck back the life of mine. I play in 4K and it's ""just"" playable with my 980."
76561198048286467,Recommended,402710,26202485,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,RESME,This game is very interesting. Started with a team of two devs now has grown to a team of eight people working furiously to fix bugs and fine tune the code as well as add new features.In the beginning it is rough mining ore nodes to craft items with only walking and jump jets can be lengthy. Once you build a laboratory that's when the game speeds up with vehicles to get to and from locations. The hover bike is my favorite and is the fastest way to move besides the spacecraft. You can store items in the inventory of the vehicles to be able to transport more materials per trip.Around the middle of the night bugs will find you no matter where you are and bust up your insides. You have to get in a rhythm of knowing when they are coming and standing in your doorway to fight them off in the early parts of your journey. The creatures do leaping attacks and can severely damage you so in the early game without vehicles your very squishy.There are bugs in the game you will notice here and there cause it is alpha and not beta. Besides building a base and mining materials and making your vehicles there is not much else to do. But that alone is very fun and rewarding once you build your first vehicle. The devs are really good at staying in contact with the community which is rare with other bigger companies. Although this is Alpha and lots of content is not yet in game I recommend it !!!!!!! I have played a lot of alphas and betas so I know what to expect from these stages of game development. This game has a lot of potential. I hope to see you in game carving out your piece of the space!
76561198045259331,Recommended,402710,25800662,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Draganopf,"Allover a good game, but it has it's flaws. The sounds is way hight then it should be when you build. The sounds of the mosters is almost non-existing. But i love the concept of the game and hope that the flaws will be corrected in upcomming patches!"
,Recommended,402710,25825479,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Neotic,"Liking where this is going, just hope they raise the building cap as things improve"
76561198094281543,Not Recommended,402710,33250237,Posted: 4 July,all,Nacmac,"Unplayable for a new player after losing the starter equipments. Every resource node spawns mobs and the player has no real way to defend himself,"
76561198041923570,Not Recommended,402710,33482038,Posted: 12 July,all,Erros,"Will change if things get fixed.I REALLY enjoyed this game before this last big update.  You could at least hold out for the first few hours of play with your energy pistol since it had unlimited ammo just charge rate but now you have about 15 shots which might kill one of the 3 crabs attacking you within seconds of starting the game.You now you have to spend hours finding rocks which are somehow scarce on a planet that looks like you should be tripping over rocks with every step.I've tried to start again 2 times now and couldn't spend more than 30-40 minutes before just saying F*** this and moving on to another game.Sucks because I was really liking the game, just hope they will fix this."
,Recommended,402710,25780114,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,chaz182,"Bare in mind this is an early access game so there are some bugs, however, i believe the update today (30th) has resolved some of the big ones. Will check soon.You must buy this game. NMS was a joke and this is just something else. I currently sat at my desk struggling to see the keyboard as i played this game through the night which i haven't done in nearly 10 years!To the Devs:-WOW! What can i say, you truly have created an exciting game. Came across the early access game in the store, as you do, and liked what i saw. Thought, instead of going to the pub i will invest my cash into this game.Could not be more impressed. The sense of achievement exploring, mining and finally building your colony is truly amazing. The storms and rain and night times really scare the s*it out of me especially when you get stalked and attacked in limited visibility.i am yet to build a vehicle or even a spacecraft. This is why i am now pulling a sicky to go home and put in a 14 hour stint.PS: do not buy this game if you have commitments of any kind. Bought the game at 1900 yesterday evening and didnt get to bed until 0430 this morning to be at work for 0800. Tired but motivated for my osiris fix later on.Cant wait to see the new content and fixes in the new patch released today."
,Recommended,402710,25771657,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Klay,"-FIRST REVIEW-I'll just start by saying that this game is simply amazing.So far Osiris: New Dawn is my new favorite survival game. I can't say how much joy it brings me to see a game that is EXACTLY what I am looking for in the survival genre. This game takes all the best qualities of Starship Troopers, One Man's Lie (if any), Ark: Survival Evolved (if any), Rust (if any), The Martian (minus Matt Damon & ground control), and Insert Other Game/Movie/Book titles I may be forgetting. I had to have this game the moment I laid eyes on it, especially to support the 2-3 amazingly talented developers! Woot, go nerds!-ProsWonderful animationsAmazing Visuals and optimizationVery animalistic A.I.Both big and small nightmare fueled creatures (during night especially)EVERYTHING NOT IN -CONS-ConsEA still means not a lot of content (yet)It is true that the servers are a bit buggy, give it timeThe collision models and hitboxes need a little work (albite still funny to watch)NOT ENOUGH PEOPLE ARE BUYING THIS GAMEAll in all, I have to give this game a solid 9.5/10.0-9.5 because the lack of content as of right now is still sufficient enough to have me hooked, the other .5 will come when a large content update hits.Side note: To the owner of the red and white starship, you apear to have an aracnoid lodged in your exaust."
76561198140850311,Recommended,402710,25862678,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Jehrikuss,"Wow, I bought this game 2 days ago and already have 12 hours on it. It's only in alpha version, but it has so much to do and is super addicting. I can't wait to see what this game turns into."
76561198260040709,Recommended,402710,34178152,Posted: 11 August,all,Crazy Stiggy,"I'm sorry but there is so many negative reviews for this game and I can't see why. It just might not be for those non hardcore survival game lovers. I might only have 25 hours in Osiris and can agree this game is damn hard at first because they don't hold your hand, you have to figure out how to survival and craft on your own.Once you get the hang of crafting things, you start to appreciate how well the progress of unlocking new abilities and items is. it's not to quick so you will always feel that you are still surviving and start feeling like you OP.Also don't listen to those saying the developer has abandon the game because if they did just a little bit of homework  they would see what work is in progress.So basically if you want the game that No man's Sky should have been and enjoy the crafting and building of Ark this this is the game.Guys keep up the good work  and keep that content coming well done."
76561198184749465,Recommended,402710,31331920,Posted: 23 April,all,KingEfrainIV,"IntroBefore I purchase a game on steam I ALWAYS go through the reviews to see what the players think, and this is the first time I've felt compelled to write a review for a video game.At first I was skeptical, the whole ""Stranded on a planet trying to survive"" gimick has been attempted numerous amounts of times and no game can REALLY grasp it. Osiris: New Dawn is the only game I've found that really grasps the idea of being stranded.Pros-Graphics are very smooth, the planet and moon are very nicely created. Scenery makes you feel something.-Aliens are well balanced. You can't just walk into a horde of crabs with a pistol and expect your pure marksmanship to win you the fight. You have to prepare for encounters.-Vehicles are fun to use. Super over-powered and you can really mow down any alien horde with the GAV.-Realistic. You have to account for food, water, air, etc. Everything you do takes resources.-You get a droid. Imagine having your own little BB-8, or BT-7274, or R2D2, or Morty. Whatever you want to name it.-Out of all the different development teams I've seen on steam, I can safely say that this one cares. They're grinding to improve the game and fix bugs. They keep the community updated and don't give us BS, which is what we want.Cons-Game starts out really slow. Your first night you're 100% dead unless you use all of your assault rifle ammo (Which I reccomend do not doing). Progression is very tedious until you make vehicles and then you begin to snowball and tasks that were difficult before are now pointless and too easy to do.-Resources are scarce. Well, let me rephrase myself: Resources that you NEED are scarce. I find myself hording a lot of minerals that are supposed to be difficult to find by the hundreds while base minerals I scavenge for hours.-Once you get past the part in the game where you think the farther out you venture and deeper you go the cooler and more valuable things that you can find goes away, you realize there's nothing special about getting resources that are 100M away in comparison to finding the same in a cave 1000M away. There's no reward for players to stack up on vital resources to brave the wilderness to find something cool when all they will find are whole lot of HOOPLAH.-Basic item crafting is useless, same with the buffs that you can craft.-Skill tree is 100% unbalanaced. You can get hundreds of points in engineering and get zero in science.-Space travel is pointless because there's nothing unique about the other planet in comparison to the one you're on (That I have seen).-Droid is 100% useless unless it's for defense. It can't repair anything because it'll get stuck, and mining is pointless due to the radius not being large enoughConclusionI know it may seem like there are more cons than pros, but most of the cons are due to it still being in Early Access. All of the above cons can be fixed with updates and patches. Don't let the cons get in the way of the fact that it is still a great game, and once it's out of Beta it will be the best planet survival game on the market."
76561197962079393,Recommended,402710,25761546,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,40oz to Freedom,"To any other developers currently working on space survival games, I'm sorry but... it's over.Osiris is brand new, and this early access release is light years ahead of any other space-based survival game in this genre. It's very rare for me to have an overwhelmingly positive initial reaction to a game, but at the moment I started this game up in single player I could tell this was IT, from the depth of field which made an entire alien planet seem to stretch out before more for miles to the atmospheric effects on my suit's bubble visor, I felt like I had been instantly transported to a seemingly Martian landscape. The realism is absolutely superb. Ark, while a very similar game, doesn't even compare.There's nothing particularly new in terms of the gameplay, it's the same elements you'd recognize from other games, mine rocks, pick fruit, collect materials, build forges, housing, etc. What's going to set this game apart is the ability to craft mechs, space ships, capital ships and then go out exploring space. It's very much like Empyrion without the building blocks, graphically though there's really no comparison. I only just started, so I haven't had the opportunity to get very far in this regard, but I get the feeling this is going to be a pretty incredible game when it comes to multiplayer PvP.If I had to compare Osiris to a movie experience it would definitely be ""The Martian"". It's around the same time period, same technology level, and the setting is obviously very similar. Of course Osiris isn't just about surviving the harsh conditions of an Alien planet, it's also about surviving the hostile attacks of indigenous life forms and the way this has been handled in Osiris is nothing short of breathtaking. There's definitely a cinematic feel to an alien attack, and while Aliens are not common, they can sneak up on you in the dead of night, especially if you're moving around. I like the fact that alien life is sparse and special and that each time you encounter some it's a memorable event.I highly recommend picking up this game in Early Access. It will likely follow a similar development style as Ark with content updates, new additions and improvements. The game runs great on my Pentium i5 with GTX 970 and 16 gigs of ram with all settings set to max. I recommend playing with your headphones on and your lights off and where possible, with friends."
,Not Recommended,402710,32933251,Posted: 28 June,all,Mr.Gabber,"TL;DRI can not recommend this game based on the changes they made over the last couple of six months. They made some good but also a lot of bad improvements (if you can call them that).  Currently it's not optimised at all and runs quite badon low settingson a decent machine which has specs way above the minimum. Furthermore they changed some gameplay mechanics. As I said some good improvements (like the new menu and character/class creation) and some bad (like the pick up animation that takes around 2 seconds to complete which makes mining up on a hill a sh*t job)Overall in it's current state I can not recommend this game.Longread:Currently I can not recommend this game. I know that it is in ALPHA stage but it has been in ALPHA for almost a year. I bought this game around Christmas 2016. It was something new, something enjoyable. But because of the lack of content it became quite boring. So fast forward until now and here I am willing to give it another shot.First thing I noticed is that the menu is way different (in a good way) and that there's a new character creation which looked nice but here it starts.- First i'm trying to create a new character and the game crashes instantly. Well it can happen so I tried it again, and again with the same results. As annoyed as I was I started to look for a fix, noticing that there was a hotfix coming within an hour. I was quite pleased with that, seeing that the game is not abandoned by the developers.- So after creating a character I could see that you now have to choose between the classes engineer, marine, scientist and ranger. There's also a new skill tree system which at first didn't look to bad but I'll come back on this topic later.- Here I am joining a server with a friend just to see that you now start at a crashed pod which you can break down for supplies.  I quickly noticed that you no longer spawn with a pistol, rather you spawn with a rusty pipe or bashing rock (depends on which choice you made in the skill tree). I understand that you want to create some sort of adventure game and that people should find and make themselves supplies but the moment I started to mine some minerals (around 5 minutes later) I got attacked by an alien creature. It took me around5 minutes to actually kill itwith the rusty pipe.The problem is that you either have to give the players the ability to have a pistol on spawn or make the alien's a lot easier to kill as this is extremely boring for new (and expierenced) players. I would choose the latter option.- The gameplay mechanics have been ruined aswell in my opinion. 6 months ago you could mine a rock and pick up the fallen items instantly. Now it has this animation which takes 1 to 2 seconds. Mining up on a hill edge is no longer an option if you don't want to run down collecting everything as it's very annoying to pick up items when they fall down and the animation starts playing.- The graphics have not been improved as far as I know, the optimisation however did and not in a good way. 6 months ago I could easily run this game at 60 fps with medium to high settings.  Now I had to put everything but really everything at toaster settings and still not be able to have a playable fps. I do not have the recommended PC specs but have a decent PC which is way above the minimum specs so I should at least expect that I could run this game on low settings with 60 fps. When I look up on the sky I get 60 fps yet when I look at the ground with particles and stuff I get around 25-30 fps which is not playable (for me).So to come to a conclusion:I'd really like to recommend this game because it's something I'd always wanted to play. But I can't however because in this current state it's not enjoyable and playable enough for me. I'm happy to check back in this game after another 6 months and hopefully I can change this recommendation to a positive one. But for now I can't recommend this gameand yes I know it's in Alpha but that does not mean I can not give a negative review."
,Recommended,402710,25831379,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Devir,"this is an early access game. But unlike most EA games, this one actually feels relatively near completion. It's really well done. Hence why I'd recommend buying.https://youtu.be/DQjROAdioXEOsiris is like Riddick. It's also like ""The Martian"". and it plays like Subnautica. It's like a lot of things. But that's not a bad thing. The game is fun and well done.I like this game and am quite glad to have purchased it. The graphics are really good, the weather patterns and nighttime is especially frightening. The monsters that find you in the darkness of the night are terrifying. Having a pistol with infinite ammo, but super slow rate of fire adds to the fear . You're not alone and they are hungry.Expect the early stage of the game to progress slower than running naked waste deep in mud. It's a steady hill climb to get anywhere. Resources take up a lot of room and a lot are required to build. So you'll be out gathering a very limited amount and ferrying it back home, repeatedly. Resources are also very FAR away, so the devs added an auto run button to ease that burden.But that's really my only ""gripe"" is the game is 90% walking, panicking because you're out of oxygen, and walking some more. Things can and will change as it's still in development. That being said I won't get into minor bugs and features lacking the polish because it may very weell be irrelevant in the future. Like currently monster AI is a little goosey and predictable, hit boxes aren't right yet. But they do have weak points to exploit, which is fantastic for dropping crabs with 1-2 shots.I haven't tried multiplayer, it's laggy from what i heard, but this is a very active part of their development focus at the time of this writing, so that too may change. The developers are on the ball with fixing things.Despite my better judgement I've been sucked into more and more Early Release games recently. A lot of them are ok, some suck are slinetly released and the developers vanish into the wind. This is a danger of EA. THankfully this game does not suck, despite it's lengthy time to progress."
,Not Recommended,402710,33851766,Posted: 28 July,all,SvartSol,"Initially, this game was very accessible to almost any fan of survival games. You'd find yourself in trouble, get yourself out of it and set about building a shelter and shoring-up resources. Osiris' twist on the theme was your ability to craft yourself a way out of the gravity well and onto another planet in the system.It took a while to gather enough resources to build a foundry and advanced electronics enough build your vehicles, but it wasn't exactly hard. There were plenty of various metals, gasses and usable flora around to slowly craft an entire colony, complete with it's own shipwright and dry-dock, hydroponic garden and waste facilities.  This is where I took a break to play other games in my ridiculous backlog...I've basically just restarted (7/28/27) and honestly....I feel like the devs completely lost the plot. Yes, there are sliders for most of the obvious settings...but even on ""casual"" alien settings, for example, the weakest type is going to kill you in twenty seconds.  You have ONE magazine/battery/wtfever for your gratis pistol - which used to be unlimited - and if one is attacked by multiple aliens, they will find it impossible to stay alive...because your jetpack - which also used to recharge over time - has fuel that is quickly depleted. Food is scarce, water requires the collection of gasses and being able to actually craft the station required to combine them...  Oh, and your skil points are limited, so good luck playing solo.Honestly, the current iteration feels like the devs played Dark Souls and got so enamored with it tha they tried to integrate it's difficulty into a gem of a game that honeslty didn't need it. It DID need minor tweaks to make it more challenging., mind you, but not the full-on wtf-is-happening-fest that I just experienced. The game is GORGEOUS - seriously. The visuals are great. The gameplay, unfortunately, has moved from fun and exploratory into inexplicably far too hard in some aspects and simple in others. If it released today, I wouldn't play it at all, to be honest.Given that this is alpha-state, I'll update this review as new content rolls out and adjustments are made."
76561197975919489,Recommended,402710,26080764,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Hell awaits...,"Enjoy it for what it is, don't hate it for what it should be. 7/10"
,Recommended,402710,28488899,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Gridie,"Great game, has a lot of potantial, i hope they go far beyond their own goals with this game.Much more to build, more to upgrade, more to discover, more vehicles, i just want more of this :D"
,Recommended,402710,25773806,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,[TBAG] Link,"please support this amazing game2-3 man team are doing a fantastic job.should be called Yes Man's Skymy friend and I are playing private. and we have both had to change our underwear multiple times already !!cant wait for off world stuff too xDlike i said, please support this game"
,Recommended,402710,26100515,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Musket|MASE,Osiris: New Dawn. IDK what to say. its an amazing game. Not only gameplay wise. but also outside the game. Where the Developers show us their progress and future updates.I have been playing this game with my friends in a private world and we just started doing public. and I can say its probebly the most fun we had in a long while.If you are not great in survival games like myself. I would strongly suggest you give this a try just cause its an amazing feeling and experience the outer space survival. Many games tried making a space survival but this is the ONLY game in my opinion who nailed it! Great job development team and I hope you get enough support to make this game more amazing!
,Recommended,402710,26190252,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,XGN Hobbs,"DISCLAIMER: This review is the first impression from about an hour of play time. Contains spoilers!The game runs well on my mid-tier PC and looks good. The landscapes are cool because of the magnitude of them. There are giant mountains and massive craters, makes you feel so small. Crafting is done well, with resources not too plentiful bu not hard to find either. Building the customizable habitat was fun and somewhat challenging. I enjoyed going out on expeditions for different resources and discovering different environments. At one point I found a giant crater full of magnesium. Entering the crater the ground started to rumble. Suddenly a giant f***ing sand worm flew out of the ground and nearly devoured me. Combat is enjoyable if a bit basic. You start with two basic weapons, the pistol and assault rifle. The pistol is weak but has infinite ammo, while the assault rifle allows you to lay down more heavy fire while your ammo holds up. On the downside, I did experience crashes sometimes during play, seemingly at random. Also, there seems to be some sort of lag when opening up the sub-menus in your inventory. I have only experienced this menu lag on the first time I opened the menus per session. Overall a fun title which I will hopefully have many more hours in."
76561198033582168,Recommended,402710,25848090,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,DOFHarambe,"I've got about 21 hours of game play with Osiris, and everytime I play it, I learn something else about it. Sure, its early access, and there are a lot of glitches right now... but that's early access for you. If you want to be part of something, be part of developing an already great game into something much better than where it is at right now. I'm really excited to see where this game goes..."
,Recommended,402710,25842947,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Sbolda,"Osiris: New Dawn is very good for an Early Access game. There are minimal bugs, and the developers have been releasing hot fixes since release. The graphics are very nice, but the game doesn't have the best optimization. The animations are some of the best I have seen in an indie game so far. I haven't seen many people mention the thirst/hunger system, but it is by far the best I have seen yet. Most survival games have you constantly consume food and water to keep your character alive, but in Osiris you require very minimal food and water to survive. If you enjoy sci-fi and survival games, this is definitely for you. Just realize that you will reach end game pretty quickly at this point since there aren't many objectives.8.5/10"
76561198019280904,Recommended,402710,29483198,Posted: 25 January,all,captclaw,"This game shows promise, if the devs keep going ahead with their plans. Then this game will be fun and awesome, how ever this is still in Early Access so consider hard and long before buying it."
76561198027842622,Recommended,402710,26148360,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,Tiwanaku,"For an early access game, its really good.Yes it does not have tons of content yet and it aint perfecr. But for the 20 euros right now its good fun."
,Recommended,402710,25830171,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Not_George_Clooney™,>Name character Mark Watney>Spend a little time making the armor colors match>Spawn in and patch helmet with duct tape and eat a potato>Living the dream>Name drone ball thing Hal cause reasons>Hal's pretty chill>Build a decent base and make plans for what to make next>Night 2 loose Hal to a bunch of aborted hell spawns>Cry a little inside>Run down a hill to a gold deposit>Look up and get eaten by a earth worm the size of Manhattan>Restart the game named David Bowie10/10
76561198033986892,Recommended,402710,25744208,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,soundblaster,Went outside after building my little space dome had a space nap decided to go out for a wonder saw a massive creator with nodes in the center decided to walk down said hole and out came a HUGE worm and gobbled me up while i was saying well s***
,Not Recommended,402710,28530565,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Espa,"Let me start at the beginning. I had a look at the very atmospheric trailer and it looked like a polished fun game about surviving on a hostile planet. I generally like the sci-fi genre and survival games with more focus on PvE than PvP.So I bought the game and started on a single player planet. Played around for an hour and wasn't very excited.But since I don't easily abandon a game with potential, I gave it on a public PvE Server another go.What I've found was a very crowded starting zone with tons of abandoned starter bases by at least 30 different people.So I headed south to find some more space for me to start my place.After something around an hour, I decided to try to get in contact with the other Player on the Server and met a really friendly pal showing me around while I was looking for rubber and carbon, and yes, the game doesn't give you any hint about where to find them until you notice there are some very sparse nodes of them.After some more building I noticed I need Lead, so more running around, looking for Lead.Just by checking a steam guide, I've been able to figure out where to find one of the handful of nodes for Lead and once I had overcome every single grind goal to build my Barracks, I get the friendly notice the Structure limit for this planet is reached.That was the moment, after 5hours of Playtime, when the game slapped me in the face and told me ""Start from 1² on another Server.""And of course, my refund request has been rejected because of the 4 hours of running around looking for that one ressource with only a handful of nodes on the whole map.To be honest. This game has potential. I really want to give it the same love I give Space Engineers or 7 Days to Die, but in it's current state it's unfortunately nither not worth my time nor the 18€ I've spent on it."
,Recommended,402710,25771402,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Mr.SimPle,"ProsAwesome animal animations (especially crab monster)Free guns at startNice sound and BGMConsNeed more animals or monstersOverall - 9/10. ARK:Srrvival Evolved in SF version. At least, it looks way better than No Man's Sky. Also, it's early access so probably there would be more chances to get better like ARK:Survival Evolved.Comment - Where the ♥♥♥♥ is titanium? I need that for building forge and can't find it. Need to fix the distance of the starting resources."
,Recommended,402710,25949768,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Takumi,"Grab a chair and some energy drinks because you'll be playing this non-stop. The graphics are amazing, the structure of the game is brilliant and you control how the game goes. Aside from how it is Early Access and can be a bit of a grind or a dissappointing search, regardless, its one of the best choices in sci-fi sandbox survival, Subnautica but on dry land."
,Recommended,402710,25973672,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Ramenoodles,"This game, this game is just unreal. I don't personally have high hopes for any early access games, I've been cheated by multiple games including Rust, DayZ, Interstellar Marines and countless others. They just deliver empty promises, empty games and all around it feels like the companies that throw their game out into the community for ""early access"" are just grabbing your money and abandoning the game, with no roadmap and no aspirations for their game. But with this game, it feels different, it feels loved. This game is done by one man, his wife and a single programmer. They care very deeply for space, art and how they do things. All items are drawn and hand placed. This game feels as though you are Matt Damon, or Sigorney Weaver or that dude from Interstellar. You feel abandoned and isolated. Having to start your rough journey of continuing the Osiris mission.My First thoughts of this game were, ok I'm in a survival game I have to build my base, so how do I do that? Wait, I have a suit breach and I think I'm dying. Oh patch tape that'll do the trick, next we need a building, Ok Dome. Hey, that's pretty cool, got a nice futon and my oxygen is good. Ok now I gotta do what? Oh build a Habitat, Ok how do I do that? Oh some of this and that Ok. It went on from there as you could imagine, I made my way through the day as you normally would collecting minerals and stockpiling them; But wait I need some titanium well♥♥♥♥♥♥where do I find that? After about a good 20 mins of exploring the sun started to set, ok that's nothing to worry about, the creatures aren't that dangerous. Hey there's a base up there let's go and hide in there. After making my way up the hill and rocket boosting over the huge boulder I found the entrance. I noticed there were no walls in the damn structure, and I thought this ain't going to do me any good. Before I even went into the building I heard foot steps, I thought they were mine so I stopped looked around in the pitch black(not knowing I had a flash light) the foot steps continue, I see a message flashing ""L to toggle flashlight"" Ok I might as well; I can't see anything. As soon as I turn the damn light on; this 4 legged 6 eyed purple/black creature darted at me. OH GOD WHAT THE HELL WAS THAT THING! BEHIND ME! THERE'S SOMETHING BEHIND ME TOO! another 4 legged monkey with closed eyes and this blue stuff spewed out of it. WHAT THE HELL IS THIS PLACE! I quickly backed off and wiped out my assault rifle. Shooting at what looked like the spawn of satan; I wasted 5 whole mags on those things. I killed them and quickly got outta dodge. This next few days were gathering, building, hiding, exploring, and quickly becoming in awe of this extremely beautiful game.This has my hopes up high, I want him to hire more staff. This thing of pure nature could become great, but it has to be handled with care and love, both of those and a happy interactive community, you could have the next Great Space Cult Series."
,Recommended,402710,25761369,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,armymdic,"Have about 4 hours in so far and am loving it. Only playing single player atm due to hitches in the MP side, but still enjoying it. Would recommend picking it up if you like the genre."
76561198030824203,Recommended,402710,25765872,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Hellhawk666,"This is shaping up to be a very good game. It already has strong atmosphere and immersion, and a good balance between crafting and survival. It has elements of ARK, Rust, Empyrion, Planet Nomads and Take on Mars, but is very much it's own thing as well. You WILL soil your spacesuit when you are attacked by a pack of vicious aliens in the dark of night!It is an early access, pre-version 1.0 game, and there are many things that have not yet been implemented. Some items can't be crafted and/or don't do anything much yet, and so on. It is playable and testers are needed! Just don't expect to be buying a polished release version at this time.However it is has great promise. It's pointless to give it a rating yet, but I would recommend it to a friend.UPDATE 24 June 2017: Still moving forward and still very much an alpha test. It remains to be seen just how complete a game the developers will make. At the moment it has lots of potential but I can see some inherent limitations that they will have to address. The game mechanics are solid and although details still need fleshing out the large-scale objectives are the possible problem."
,Recommended,402710,25771808,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Divided,"Beautiful game, I loved it immediately.Only slight problem I thought for me is that it doesn't feel like one of those games I'd come back to all that often. You need friends and an aim of some sort together, I may replay further down the line.But damn, it's good."
,Recommended,402710,25760285,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Phantom,"Ok so to start I played Singleplayer at Exellent settings and was getting a solid 60fps.Second public Multiplayer seems to have some latency issues which should be fixed soon.Third Private Multiplayer servers work just fin and runs at 60fps. (although I had texture issues but they are listed in the next hotfix)Overall I would recommend the game it has a feeling of Ark Survival Evolved, No Man's Sky (The promised version not released), and Empyrion Galctic Survival.It is still in early alpha and has just actullay released today, so i would say go ahead and give it a try and if you don't like it then give it a refund.(On a side note: I am a game collector so I'm most likely gonna hang on to this one since it was only $25 and has a lot aof promise)"
,Recommended,402710,25758835,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Sabs,"Holds great potential, and is extremely well-designed and conceptualized for an Early Access game. I can pardon a few game-breaking bugs, as the developers are off to a good start and communicating openly with the community. Fun with friends.UPDATE 05OCT2016:Still enjoying the game, but after a few day's worth of play time my colony has built everything possible and have run out of things to do. Would suggest others hold off on purchasing until more features are added to the game."
76561198253319136,Not Recommended,402710,32079167,Posted: 30 May,all,Bla247,"I really really wanted to like this game, but I didn't...To be more specific:you can't avoid enemies, even when you don't have a gun which makes for some very boring gameplay sitting in your dome waiting for your save to reset. The crafting of ingots is literally the worst mechanic in any game...ever... You have to hold your mouse down until it finishes crafting one, now each one only takes about a second, but when you have 500 minerals turning into ingots, that takes a while. Then there's the fact of how tedious it is to collect said minerals."
,Recommended,402710,25761222,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Denzilla,I enjoy everything about this game so far except the crazy LOUD sound effects!!  WTFF!  I have everything turned down so far I can not hear the game.  But the building sounds and creatures dying are so loud I'm affraid I'm going to get hearing damage or damage my speakers.  Hope these get fixed in the first patch!!
76561198065952642,Recommended,402710,25834343,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Doggin-the-strat,"This game is very good when it comes to survival and wanting to play it more. but the thing i was most annoyed about is:1) my single player world is screwed and i am unable to make more buildings as the past few worlds have saved into the new world i have made therefore, build limit is reached and i cannot do anything about it, and i was super far into the game.2) Mutliplayer does not work for me, i believe it is because im in Australia, the ping is 300+ and kicks me from the game ASAP. i would LOVE if the developers would have able to put up some Oceanic servers or something of the sort so i am able to play online.other than those issues, the game is great."
,Recommended,402710,26094763,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Innanets,"Fantastic survival game, looking forward to seeing it evolve."
,Recommended,402710,25743529,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Mike Zwo ง℘4ཞ´ʂƙƙ18ʝ,"Meh *cough* a survival game *myam* in .. spaaace w0w ... Or better said:I'mlovingit!You want to play solo or with others, or maybe against others? No problem, it's all up to you.If you want to survive the nights, battle with others or just want to take a look at the night sky - you can do whatever you want to do.For it's current state it's bashing all other survival space games. There are many different aliens, a beautiful graphic style and enough stuff to do to keep you awake through the nightswell, when you are really into it of course."
,Not Recommended,402710,34080085,Posted: 7 August,all,Dakota,"On paper this game comprises everything I love:  Sci-fi, Dune, The Martian, Starship Troops, Survival, Indie Development, Pretty Visuals, Mechs, Pew Pew.  In practice Osiris leaves a lot to be desired.  Maybe it will get better as the devs polish things, I don't know.As it stands though the game is hard for all the wrong reasons.  It's tedious and boring.  I think the top negative review said it best:  You're going to spend your time banging rocks together.  That's definitely how it feels.  Combat is dull and uninspired.  Weapons do practically no damage but not in a cool ""You're a plucky survivor who needs to survive on his/her wits and gumption"" kind of way.  It's more that the weapons feel useless and you can't sneak or lure aliens away so the game forces you to fight but in the most boring way possible.  Every fight plays out the same way, shoot for 10 minutes while backing up and jumping. Followed by almost immediate respawn.Then you get a car and enemies die in droves.  So that's neat I guess."
76561198012512102,Recommended,402710,26059851,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Reckoner,"Osiris: New Dawn will be familiar to anyone that has played any of the numerous survival games on steam recently (ARK, Rust, etc). OND still manages to provide you with a sense of awe that is different from other survival games due to its setting - Space! The visuals of this game will not disappoint you. However, at $27.99 (Canadian) the game does not offer enough content to keep a player engaged for long. That being said, the game is in early alpha so a lack of content is to be expected (as well as an abundance of bugs e.g. mainly your items disappearing).The player cannot manipulate the world and all structures are pre-fabricated, meaning base building is incredibly limited - the pre-fabs do look fantastic though. I have only seen 2 weapons in the game in my play through, a pistol and an assault rifle. I had the pleasure of riding around in some vehicles on one of the servers I was on and I have to say that was the best part of the game for me - they maneuver beautifully. There are a number of different types of aliens and you will encounter some during the day and some during night (fun surprise). Resource gathering the game delivers quite well and even differently from other survival titles (e.g. gas collecting). Crafting in the game, however, is average.Given the history of early access games I would suggest that anyone who does not like to waste money to hold on to their wallet - give it time, and if the game is heading in the right direction, purchase it. If you are like me and are ok with dishing out some cash to support this early access title then I encourage you to do so, as this game does have potential and you will be entertained (if only for a short while). Verdict- Graphics: 9/10 -  Gameplay: 8/10 - Content: 6/10 -Roleplaying any space movie ever: 10/10I hope this review finds you (the reader) well. My apologies for the length of this review. One love, Cheers!P.S. Dear Developers - please fix the spelling and grammar mistakes in the U.N.E and Outlander descriptions......"
,Recommended,402710,25768772,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Keweiler,"I like this game very much, but they need to fix alot of bugs."
,Not Recommended,402710,26114191,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,RolanDecoy,"This game has huge potential, and already looks amazing. The biggest problems I have with it (at the moment, since it is still in early access) is the random nature of resource placement, the critters, and the lack of visibility.I just spent 5 full day/night cycles trying to find titanium, a resource you need to craft a basic 'workbench'. In real terms that is a few hours. Since worlds are generated procedurally this is understandable, but there are ways to prevent this from happening (add a small titanium resource node somewhere within 500m of the player spawnpoint or something, after the world has been generated).The creatures you'll find are always hostile. Now I can understand some to be, and others to be merely defensive, but literally every creature (even herbivores) are just plain hostile. Add to that the visibility problem and you've got yourself a disaster.The atmospherics of the planet are amazing, and I totally get the limited visibility. But when dust storms pop up every time you get more than 100m from your starting location this gets really annoying. Add to that the forementioned critters, which 90% you can't even see, and you've got yourself a meatgrinder instead of a survival game.I haven't gotten beyond the 'workbench' and related resource problems, but from the recipes I've seen in the game there are only a few structures, weapons and items. And to be honest, the problems I've been having (none of which are technical btw, runs like a dream) have really put me off of this game.I did also notice a certain familiarity with No Man's Sky with regards to the interface and how resource are gathered...not going to think too much about that one.Huge potential, a marvel to behold, but needs some serious balancing, or at the very least more refined options.As with all early access games and reviews I write about them, disclaimer: I will keep an eye on its progress. My opinion may (and probably will) change over time."
,Not Recommended,402710,25802770,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Cleverous,"Singleplayer is fun for a few hours, but there are huge chunks of content missing and the existing content is very unpolished. Multiplayer is literally too slow to play. My singleplayer framerate is 60 I have a ping of 50 to the server. My multiplayer framerate is 8 and feels/looks like I have a ping of 700.At this point, you mostly go hit resource nodes a la Ark/Rust. Then you can build some exterior structures like a storage bin and forge to make steel with. After more collecting you make a habitat, then you begin hunting for more obscure resources to build more crafting stations and interior storage. After collecting more you'll need more obscure resources and have to hunt for a good while to find them, then you can build a couple more big structures and start feeling like you've done something worthwhile... However, at that point (~6 hours for me)... 90% of your time was spent looking for nodes and banging on them rather than doing anything particularly stimulating. The 'survival' in this game is basically 'finding rocks' at this point.I wouldn't mind foraging rocks so much but base building is pretty shallow and there there isn't much value (or room) for diversity. It's like a more primitive version of Subnautica's base building without the good parts and introducing nuisances in the building/repair process that offer zero gameplay value. You'll quickly realize that building your base does not feel like it should, it doesn't feel like a home, it feels like going through the motions and buying something off of the shelf.The enemies are trivial, rifle ammo is super expensive to craft and the pistol basically does the job just as good with unlimited ammo so you typically just run around with the pistol and never invest in upgrades. The only thing that ever really kills you is the giant sand worm because it has no sound effects.The best part is the night time and the environmental hazards. These are really pretty interesting, dust storms, meteor showers, giant sand worms, dusk fog, darkness, etc are pretty solid elements and fun to play in.Is it cool? I think so. Is it worth $25 at this point? Nope. Could it be one day? Yep."
76561198320177278,Not Recommended,402710,33841563,Posted: 27 July,all,BRADS WRATH,"Recent update is a step back, made it much harder to start and has sapped the enjoyment out of the game. Monsters are way to difficult to defeat and once youve had a few minuets of being a crabs play toy and being flattened, you find yourself respawning with nothing making it much worse. Real shame, there is much potential however would not recommend."
76561198181298305,Recommended,402710,25760025,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Aladden,"Very interesting game in general, in its current form, I personally think it is 60-75% complete in terms of core mechanics and gameplay, but only 50-60% complete in terms of the full experience.Playing this game reminds me of Star Citizen, how it promised many things and indeed, those promises are being fulfilled one by one, but also the abysmal amount of bugs and frame rate drops in the game.Some Pros and Cons then!Pros:-Fairly completed game, even in its early release stage, many things to craft and advance with.-Healthy amount of buildable and craftable objects, mechs, vehicles, and expanding the colony all seemed diverse.-Impressive graphics, guns mechanic is good, terrain and mines have very impressive textures, creatures are very well done.Cons:-Bugs and glitches, if the developers can see this review I would like to report cases where if you are in a cave and you look up, you can see and shoot at structures, creatures, and mines above ground, please fix this! Also: in a game sometimes some creatures move without animation, i.e. they just shift around, please fix this too! It kills the experience so much!-Frame rate fluctuation, most of the time frame rate is fine, but you don't always feel so comfortable about it as you play it.-Way too expensive objects for startup: 1 steel plate requires 2 iron ore, 1 magnesium (very hard to find), and 1 aluminum (moderately hard to find), it is just exhausting work to roam the terrain to find these things.-RPG system is DEFINITELY far from completion, I played for hours and crafted a habitat (a lot of work to build) with NO level advance.-Water, a necessary supply to replenish thirst, is non-existent in its natural form on (at least) the planet I played on.-I don't know how the ""temperature"" system of this game works, but indicators show that environmental temperature can drop down to -300 degrees celsius sometimes. Now I know absolute zero is -273.15 degrees celsius, so...developers planning to fix this??-Official servers have rediculous frame rate drops, I only have 3-5 fps on official servers while I can maintain 30-45 fps on private universe.Despite all that con, I don't think the game would disappoint players when the developers complete it, my friend and I opened up a private universe and we had a lot of fun even at its current condition. Right now I don't see very lethal disappointments that would make me not recommend this game, so I would, at its current stage, maintain a recommendation for this game.I haven't advanced much down the technology advances yet, so this review may or may not be updated as I go along.Update 9/29:-Bugs encountered: materials disappearing from depository, hallways always incomplete-Exhausted from demolishing structures and trying to find all the materials again just to build it again because there are minor mistakes when building structures.Update 9/30:-Built spaceship!! But no controls manual/option = don't know how to fly it, also sadly it can only fit one person...-Built Rover!! Speed maintains at 25 km/h max 41 km/h... and also can only fit one person..."
76561198205561465,Recommended,402710,26030248,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Del1CiousBrowN!es,This is a changing Review upon buying this game i thought hey this will be fun but after hours of building a base they made it to where the players can run around destroying your stuff i mean people log on a server just to break stuff then leave the game so until they fix this i will be shelfing this
76561198143709143,Recommended,402710,29313499,Posted: 17 January,all,Morpheus,This game is very good and challenging. It's a mixture of the movie The Martian and the movie Prometheus. Great survival game. With more new updates coming out...it just keeps getting better.
76561197991591636,Not Recommended,402710,33312458,Posted: 6 July,all,RUM-Cajun Rabbit,"A great idea... but so poorly implimented and now the game is dead.This game was to be a space survival sim with hostile aliens that evoke a sense of dread.... it ends up being a boring slog through a lifeless landscape to find a couple resource nodes then an equally boring trek back to your furnace to create things that can create bigger things, that can then create ships.flying to space the first time is kind of cool... but then you realize that you are all alone... playing by yourself.biggest killer of this game is the fact is has literally no playerbase.... and very infrequent updates.Good idea, Bad game.  4/10(Survival / Shooter)"
76561197987244242,Recommended,402710,26050204,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,CrimsonPride,"TL;DR - I recommend this game to those who like to contribute to the shaping of a game with some great potential. Early Access is Early Access, and features/content are not where they will be at full release.That said...The initial concept of the game, and the very open-ended ""plot"" (read: background description of why we are here in the very near future), were enough to entice me into purchasing an Early Access pass. Why would this mean anything in a review? I am a terrible cynic and after getting wallet♥♥♥♥♥♥♥and betrayed by 22cans with the Godus early access this will be the first early access game I have dared to venture forth into. And so far I am really quite liking it!The opening scene into which you are dropped as a player was a bit unlike what I am normally used to seeing. I won't state it here openly to prevent spoiling, but the people I have shared with in my day-to-day have found it pretty intriguing as well. Some of the other experiences were outright frustrating in such an awesome way. I mean, to be devoured whole unexpectedly but graced with a third person perspective of the insanity that ended your life...that is just awesome. I went back for more, needless to say.The game is definitely still more in a ""bare-bones"" state, I believe as of this review I understood the current version to be somewhere on the blurred line of Alpha becoming Beta stages. Please understand what that means if you choose to give it a shot in early access! People giving poor reviews do to content/features are not understanding that the quantity is not something that is fairly reviewed this early. The quality, however, is. And I think the quality is phenominal so far and with the potential to continue to develop into something truly unprecedented. I would describe this game (based on current content and the visions of the devs) as an MMO Survival open (multiple) world quasi-RPG, RTS, FPS. If it continues as it has been so far, this will not be ""just"" Minecraft, nor another World of Warcraft clone, and still not just a run-amuck FPS deathmatch. Potentially... more like all three at once, and then some.The rate of change in fixes, content, updates, etc has been promising so far, in my humble opinion. This should show some good work ethic, and keeps me confident that this will be seen through to fruition.Let me wrap it up like this:If this genre generally interests you, instead of dropping that 40 bucks on a movie theater ticket/food this weekend, or hitting the bar and boozing, or blowing money on something else that will come and go in a half a day, throw the 25 bucks at Fenix Fire. You will still get a better bang for the buck in entertainment and $/hr of it than you will in most of the other things you can do on a Saturday with $25 in your pocket."
,Recommended,402710,25761544,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,wwolf_1,"Pro:Very prettyA lot of potentialSolid performanceScifi Subnautica in spaceCons:A little pricey, for some, for an EA title I guessA little short on content (at the moment due to being EA, but that's to be expected) I guess"
,Recommended,402710,25744762,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,🐨Skankhunt42🐨,"So far so good...I will update this review as I go.First impressions:Graphics are really good, stable FPSGameplay is what you would expect from a survival game so far, mix of combat and resource mining/crafting.There are some bugs, mobs like to dance in circles around resource nodes...actually kind of comical at this point nothing game breaking there...I did run into an issue where I could not find Plutonium which is very key to early start in game.  I found it was best to start a new game and search for proper nodes and then drop the inflatable habitat!  My first game I dropped the habitat right away and found resources I need were pretty far away...if there were any...Game has a ton of potential....reminds me of a cross between Ark and Subnautica with a space element."
76561198127702620,Recommended,402710,25835064,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Phlix,"Osiris: New Dawn Is a great game, though it has a few issues. Once they fix muiltiplayer and optimize everything, add a bit of content, this will be a gem of a game and hopefully it will become the gold standard for survival/crafting exploration games. If you were dissapointed by NMS give this game a shot. Dev's are very active and have been pushing out daily updates and hotfixes.Well, what are you waiting for?"
76561198117547705,Recommended,402710,25845493,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,RID,Really Great Game so far.lots of potentialruns goodi reccomend it
,Recommended,402710,29348653,Posted: 18 January,all,Malico,"Awesome game!  I very much look forward to the future of this one.As someone who has put a lot of time into other survival type sandbox games like 7 Days to Die, it was refreshing to play one that was not based around the zombie apocolypse.  It seems the devs are working hard on fixing issues, addressing content, and listening/responding to the playerbase which is very promising.Pros:- Challenging gameplay, enemy AI one of the better ones I have seen.- Building is simple, yet complex.  Enough versitily to be able to make it your own.- Graphics are gorgeous and landscapes show real thought.- Crafting/Building is well thought out.- Space!  Can't go wrong here!- No zombies- So much promise and room for growth it is incredibleCons:- Few bugs, nothing major.  Remember it is a EA when you play.- Short play time at the moment.  If you take your time and enjoy it in single player mode, you will ""win"" in 30~40 hours.  This for me isn't a big deal and continued dev will only expand it.All things considering, this is one of the better Early Access games I have played.  I am glued to updates from the devs to try what comes next."
,Recommended,402710,25757773,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,BeardyTheDwarf,"How to explain this game.We'll obviously people will be skeptical about a early access game which of course i dont blame them for there have been some Early Acces Flops in the past .HoweverOsiris: New Dawn in my opinion is a very immersive game it did not take me long to feel that i was actually my character and i'd have to find some way to survive on a completely unknown planet.The game's visuals are simply stunningly beautifull the game play on really feels grandThe gathering of minirals is smooth and easy to do once you find a place you want to call home.The ability to host a private server on which you can invite [ as far as i know atm ] 5 friends will always be avaliable for them even if you yourself are not around.I find this a very welcome addition and really hope the dev team wont get rid of this function.Obviously as this is a early access game there's bound to be some bugs the ones i found the most annoying is the way some of the npc creatures will somtimes ruberband and teleport.However this is a thing i can easliy forgive as you see the sheer beauty of the world.I would whole heartedly like to say that the game is definitly worth the 23,00 euro's i've paid for it.You really see that the dev team took their time to make the early access playable theres simply so much to see and to explore together with your faithfull drone which you can customize !There is however currently a relative lack of structures this is something i personally do not mind as i see the potential the game has however there will be some of you who might not like thisPVP servers will always have other players who simply enjoy shooting another without any proper reason in the end it's a gameMy ratings for this gameImmersion: 10/10Gathering: 7/10[ it can be very hard to find certain resources such as water which makes sence in terms of the sci fi planet survival theme]General PVE functionality: 5/10[ Creatures get buggy but the game as of my time of writing has just been released so i'm certain this will be fixed in due time ]PVP Combat: 6/10[This is really a personal point some people will like it some people wont]UI/HUD Design: 10/10[ The UI looks gorgeous and due to it you really feel as if you really are within the suit]Overal Rating: 7/10 theres a few things that still need to be worked on but it's an early access game nothing i did not expect until now i have been unable to find any game breaking bug.DISCLAIMERI have purchased this game i have not recieved a free copy nor am i a friend/member of the dev teamAll of the above mentioned points are my personal opinion you do not have to agree with it but i figured i'd take the effort to write this review as i really see great potential in Osiris: New Dawn"
76561197971193874,Recommended,402710,25762727,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,tunaris76,"As most state, this is Early Access so please, if you look for a finished game, do not buy this.As for the game itself, Yes it does have a few glitches and bugs, but the devs are hard at work fixing it, first patch a couple hours after launch. This is day one after all.- Graphic fidelity amazing.- Crafting system, mostly well thought out, maybe a bit of balancing tweaking needed.- Monsters, aggressive enough and movement mostly refined, some tweaking in some instances needed.- Basebuilding, got to love it, as well a bit of tweaking still needed (rains into pressurized habitat. Barracks are not recognized as pressurized, even when connected to the habitat, small things like that)- Enviroment, lovely and wide. Feels almost like running around on mars, with some plants and ugly critters added.Keep up the good work."
,Recommended,402710,25846095,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Trust Issues,"Been playing for a few hours and this is what i experienced need to be developed.1. Claustrophobia. You always hear your character breathing into his suit, after you walk into your pressurised safe zone it would be great to have i take-of-your-helmet-and-breath-normally command. This would make the whole i'm-alone-on-planet feeling much greater. (maby you get it with the airproducer later?)2. The rocketman command. When you hit the ground after hovering he stops abdruptly for a sec before he starts to run again. If he would hit the ground smoother to keep him sprinting after it would really feel like he just hovered, instead i get the feeling that he just rises in the air and falls flat down after hovering. he feels too stiff in the whole manuver.3. There's grass in my habitat.4. Long trips seem to be usual early in the game to get for example gas, maby you would be able to bouild a noob-habitat with basic life supplies and transportation in early game to prepare you for longer trips in mid and late game. Now you jump right into walking really long to get minerals and gas to bouild your super-mega-awesome habitat directly. It just feels like im running to get minerals all the time.What's already awesome about the game and why you should buy it:1. Atmosphere. Im there on the planet, i need to survive, the world feels realtivly ""rich"" in detail. I hear my breahing, hear the sand smash on my suit. The night is here, i can hear something creeping. I get smashed around and my suit starts leaking, i turn on my falshlight and see some kind of alien circuling me like the pray i am. I shoot it down and run for the habitat. - first time it happend i got myself a real jumpscare. The night is really scary. I seriusly stay in all night, i dont dare to go out.2. The you-never-know-what-will-happen feeling. A meteor of some kind hits the ground in front of me, a sandstorm clouds my vision, rain and the monsters you hear creeping around gives you a feeling that you need to be on guard, you can't relax.Keep up the work Dev team, you really got some OG spacegold here, just make your already awesome ideas for the game true and this will be an epic game.-Sorry for the bad english, im from sweden."
,Recommended,402710,26076362,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Edgy Memes,"Now so far, this game looks absolutely great. Some of the stuff, like all the space exploration, isn't there yet, which is kind of understandable and not at the same time. It'd be great if its in there soon.Great things:- The music: Oh my freakin' goodness its great- Multiplayer: I'd seriously recommend playing with someone else because of the annoying limit on structures- Matt Damon- Monsters: Scary and fun- The flashlight: Makes it like Slenderman at nighttime- Shadows: Somehow this is the only game that I've found that has the shadows RIGHT. They're not glitchy and don't look like they're made out of triangles. Smooooooth edges.- Atmosphere: The music just makes it super atmospheric, coupled with the amazing texturing and stuff- The big worm things are coolNot so great things:- Stuff dissappears sometimes- The forementioned structure limit- Not all the content from the trailer is added. Add it now!!!! It looks amazing- My brother fell into a hole with a G.A.V. Couldn't save gavin.- The time and weather doesn't save when exiting the game, it just resets upon restarting.- Just lots and lots of glitchy things- Some items don't have textures, or good ones at least- Map is too small, especially when you have a vehicleOverall, just get the game now. I can only just imagine what could be added to this game. It seems like such a great starting point for what is already rivalling NMS. I'll take this over that any day."
,Recommended,402710,25854708,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Cubical_Gamer,"This is a beautiful game for an early access title.  I'm very impressed by the movement system and environment.  Is this a game worth getting?  Absolutely.  I've only played the single player so far, but I have no doubt the multiplayer game play will provide hours upon hours of fun and excitement.  Traversing through the vast landscape of a desert planet, I feel that sense of wonder every time I see something in the distance.  Believe it or not, other moons or planets have weather, and this one is ruthless.  The change of weather really affects your visibility and the need to seek shelter is extremely heightened.  As an early access game, it will have some bugs, and also some structures we don't have access to yet, but I'm very excited on how these great developers plan on improving the game.  I give this one an A+."
76561197996610838,Not Recommended,402710,34119516,Posted: 9 August,all,Quesa,"This game is a pretty good example of how things can turn for the worse during game development.Intensly boring during the beginng, which I believe will turn people off to the game.  You're dropped on a planet with basically nothing and, what appears to be, a very nebulous main goal of finding an outpost.  Along the way, you need to find some basic resources to build some stuff which you may not even have the skill points in the tree to do.  All that leads to is how badly you can gimp yourself in the beginning.The game still does a poor man's attempt to make things difficult by spawning monsters near you that attack you immediately.  AI is about as basic as it gets, it finds a route to you and charges, then I guess the monster gets ""tired"" and stays in the same place for a few seconds so you can hit it.  However, your starter weapon doesn't do hardly any damage, meaning you're spending 95% of your fight just avoiding getting hit.  Remember how little you start with?...yeah, that means if you get hit more than a few times, you're a ticking timebomb.I recommend coming back and checking this game out in 6 months, I don't feel it's worth the money, effort, or mental anguish in its current form."
,Recommended,402710,25992906,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Max Hiro,"Alright so where to start?How about graphics:This game is incredibly beautiful and reminded me quite a bit of no mans sky (or at least what I've seen of it gameplay wise).   There are some buggy areas of this game such as clipping through some objects at times or not being able to hit certain resources.  This is generally fixed by reloading the game.  As for setup, I can't stress this enough especially for duel or tripple monitor users this game will definitely give you issues, at least at first.  They recently came out with an update in the last several days or so though that allows you now to select which monitor you wish to use, which really makes the above issue moot.Feel and atmosphere:Hooooly♥♥♥♥♥♥  The atmosphere of this game is ♥♥♥♥ING AMAZING.  You start out with a cracked suit and must repair it before all your oxygen runs out.  While your character gasping their final breaths.. or even the panting from running/low oxygen can get annoying, it really adds to the atmosphere of the game.  You can of course turn this down in the settings.  The game so far really gives me the feeling like I'm stuck on some planet straight out of the movie Pitch Black.  The environmental effects can get annoying but are SO well done, I'm talking it rains, condensation will appear on your visor.. dust storms will cause dust buildup to an extent etc.  Oh and that's not even getting into the light effects throughout the day/night cycles.  The lighting is very well done and when night hits.. you'll need your headlight.. or else.Game Play:Ok this game is in alpha so I'll give them some slack for putting certain things into the game but not making them functional.. I was a bit♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥and felt sort of mislead but then again I bought this at the urging of one of my friends so I didn't read any of their updates prior to playing.. fair enough.  Some stuff you can place but has no functionality yet which, while being sucky, I'm fine with.  I originally joined a multiplayer server with a friend and we assumed that the first part we started on was it.. that was the entire map.. NOPE.  The map is ♥♥♥♥ing huge folks.. I mean you'll be exploring for HOURS and can get really REALLY lost.. or eaten if you don't figure out your beacon map thingie they give you.  The getting eaten though.. that generally happens if you don't find a relatively safe place to hide (ie on top of a huge ♥♥♥♥ing rock) for when the night time critters come out to play.  I also highly suggest playing with friends as I've had 1000x more fun exploring with friends than I have alone.. alone it's pretty daunting and sorta scary ha!  There are also many other events that can happen, so far I've seen meteor showers which are pretty cool.. oh yeah.. and the sandworms.. I'm talking DUNE sandworms here people they are BIG (and quite deadly).Alien AI in this game is pretty cool too, some are smarter than others and I could swear that I've seen one of those monkey looking things have its buddy attack me while it attacked me from my left.. so be on guard at all times!Lesee.. multiplayer.. you can do several types of multiplayer.. you can join a public server if you wana just jump in and start sixing people right off the bat.. OR you can make a private multiplayer server an invite steam friends to join.  This is very simple to do and I give the devs TONS of credit for hosting these servers for us.  That way, if the original person who started the server wants to leave their friends can continue yey!So far I've listed a bunch of pros to this game and only a few cons... there are some cons though but again, they aren't all that bad:AI/pathfinding needs some work.  Aliens  or your droids you can build (you get one when you spawn as well) can get stuck.. Not a big issue but it's something I've noticed.Aliens will also fall/spawn from the sky and fall to the ground which is weird... but I'm sure they'll fix it eventually.You do have to walk.. a lot.. and I mean A LOT.  At least at first.  Once you get a vehicle it makes the treck 100x easier and you can really get out and explore your surroundings.  If you pick a poor place to start a habitat.. be prepared to spend quite a bit of time collecting resources that are like.. 700m away, usually a good 4 min walk there and back.  This is another reason you should play with friends if you decide to get this game.If they build on this game and eventually release everything they say they are going to.. I see this game really taking off!I would highly suggest waiting until they stop with the server wipes though as it's pretty frustrating to spend hours building a colony only to have your server wiped and all progress lost.. especially as a solo player.  If you enjoy exploring the planet and just getting acquainted with the game without getting incredibly involved.. then yes, buy it, but if you enjoy having some sort of game progression and proof of progress.. don't buy just yet."
76561198132948806,Recommended,402710,26117155,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,(TBE) Commander Nox,Osiris is a great game but one of the main problems is everytime i build it deletes it's self...... I hope this gets fixed soon.
76561198065824160,Recommended,402710,25759027,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,♓ AFK ♓,"Game's pretty good. Very unoptimized atm though so do not expect a smooth gameplay. Ark started out the same too. I suggest playing in single player mode first and bump up all resource slider to max except alien damage and health so you get things faster. Also when you are in first person mode, harvesting rocks sometimes do not work. Just press ""v"" and go to third person mode and you can harvest normally after that."
,Recommended,402710,25949419,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Phantom,"This game has ENORMOUS potential. Even in its current state, it has a lot of great content that can give players hours of enjoyment. However, there are certain things that can be improved:-- Filling out current content (add sounds for certain vehicles, improve usability and functions of items and objects, etc.)-- Improve core mechanics and player animations-- Remove or significantly increase build limits... Currently, a finite number of objects/structures/vehicles can be built, likely to keep each client-side world within memory limits-- Integrate space travel (at some point). This is a huge feature that a large # of players would fall in love withBut again, even a game that's less than 2 weeks old is very fun. To those that are split on whether or not they should buy: Do it! This might be the best $25 that I've spent in a long while. Keep up the good work, devs!"
76561198039366693,Recommended,402710,26046186,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,JustAceJase,"Not quite polished, but pretty damn close. A good game now. Will be a great game finished."
,Recommended,402710,25788577,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Nova,"If you liked Ark you will like this.Atm there isn't a whole lot to do besides craft anf build a base. But it runs fine for me aside from a few bugs. They have actively been working to fix things as the game progresses and I am super eager to see where this games go.it IS early access and I cannot stress that enough, bugs and glitches should be be held against the devs as they work tirelessly to make it better. And more and more content gets added.If you wanna support this. Buy it now.If you wanna enjoy it when its done, buy it later!"
76561198021135300,Recommended,402710,25758992,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Xanadoo,"WOW.  Couldn't be more impressed.  Basically everything aggravating about Ark (starvation, constant creature death,♥♥♥♥♥♥ is not a major issue here.  No major grind to get basic weapons such as gathering tools and weapons.  You start at a great starting point, and the game is amazing easy to pick up.  Will be a major competitor to Ark very soon."
,Recommended,402710,25936167,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,The BDG,I spent hours killing and fighting giant and evil creatures. Got killed by a swarm of tiny parasites. 10/10 would be parasite kibble again.https://youtu.be/NBcIKJ2WjhE
76561198055068003,Recommended,402710,26030141,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,bretsage,"So, I think I may have hit a wall.  All vehicles and structures built (barracks are for?) and I have explored quite a bit.  Storage containers are full of minerals, especially diamonds (not easy to get to) and I'm wondering what's next?I loved the game until I hated it.  When you have to destroy a structure (wall, etc.) you didn't get ANY of the materials back originally.  What?!  Now you get half back.  Wonderful.I returned the game, but it kept nagging at my brain.. what if?  Repurchased and ending up loving it, when I went on YouTube to get some tutorials.  Why no in game tutorials or a useful HUD map?  Not sure.Overall, a fun game if you don't need a story or any other characters besides alien monsters who creepily will attack you out of nowhere.  And don't forget about the giant silent sand worms that eat you and allow you to respawn at your base with only the basics back.  Yeah, you lose everything out of your backpack.  Nice.Enjoy the game, but I wish there were NPCs or some kind of storyline or SOMETHING to do besides explore, gather resources and build."
,Recommended,402710,25848475,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Jippolatta,Titanium Hunting Simulator 2016The game has a very strong base of features that it will hopefully expand upon but at the time of writing it is very early stages.
,Recommended,402710,25773422,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,KTFX,"I went into this Early Access game that's actually an Early Access game thinking I'd get a very similar game to Ark, you know the one, the as of yet unfinished Early Access game that just got a full blown paid expansion, that one.While it does have some similarities I think Osiris is absolutely riddled with potential in comparison. On the surface of it you could just label it as another survival game, but even at this very early stage it clearly shows signs of being something potentially much larger than it is right now. While as of now there are certain buggy roadblocks preventing players from doing some of the more awesome things, the promise this game shows at such an early stage is easy to see.I wouldn't recommend a purchase of this game right away as not all of the currently implemented features are working particularly well, but once these known issues have been solved this will absolutely be a game to keep an eye on.Thumbs Up."
76561197983722586,Recommended,402710,25921352,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,AoD_lexandro,"A little iffy to get to grips with at first, and in need of a few patches but this I think will become a cult classic. Gameplay is pretty good, graphics are great, style is nice, and has a plethora of options once you get going. In its EA state is a solid 7/10. Once its intended features are added it will surely be a really good 8 or 9 score, as the basic game is very robust in replay-ability.Would recommend to any sci-fi fans, and survival game fans. Worth its price imo."
76561198149773533,Recommended,402710,28742341,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Bill Nye The IT Guy,"My storyDay 1- I have become the Science Division Director on my colony. My daily duties is to keep the base in good shape. My other daily duties is to figure out how to keep my colonist fed and the water flowing.Day 2- Finally fighting back the aliens. We have gotten down our Habitat and our miners are keeping the minerals flowing.Day 3- We are just putting up the finishing touches to the base. I have just made ourselfs a fully operated farm and figured out a way to get a infinite water source.Day 4- We are now talking about going to space and getting off the baron planet we call home.Day 5- We have built 2 space ships and packed them with everything we need to survive. Water, Food, Medical Supplies and of course Materials to build our new home. We thought of every scenario but one...Day 6- We lift off for Aziel. We didnt know what it looked like and we thought we were ready for what hit us.Day 7- We have arrived on the frozen dead planet. The one scenario we didnt think of was my ship crashing upon entering the atmosphere. We lost all the materials from that ship and I was left stranded on Aziel with the minerals left for me to build a new colony.Day 8- I had a hab built withen 5 minutes on being on the baron planet the only problem was is that I ran out of aluminum. I was forced to leave the safe haven and make my way down the mountain to find more materials.Day 9/10- I finally built the rest of the base. It is fully operational with automatic berries growing and my water is infinite.Day 11- I was ready to start working on the Lab to eventually build the space ship to go back home to my friends.Day 12- I couldnt build the Lab.... I ran out of Carbon. I didnt have a Solar panel to power it. My friends cant make it to me to get me carbon.Day 13- I was forced to leave my safe haven once again.Days 14:17- Still looking for carbon only to find out carbon isnt on AzielDay 18- I have gotten lost and im freezing to death.Day 19- The brave scientist dies. Friends never came back to recover the body.Buy this game!!!!! It is worth every penny a million times more. It is like the movie The Martian put into a video game!!!! :D"
,Recommended,402710,25803358,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Liam Nii~San,"I have always wanted a sci fi game concept like this, something like The Martian and Interstellar and space engineers all mixed together, now I have got it! Liking the game so far, world is immensely beautiful, vast and creepy.-Monsters are varied during day and night, seems like they are more aggresive during night time.-Controls and animations are top notch, feels as if you are within the character and game itself!-More and more content coming soon!"
76561198029982707,Recommended,402710,25782942,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Juxter,I have played for several hours in single player mode and I have enjoyed it.  Remember this is not a finished product. They have released bug fixes and new content this week so the Dev's seem to be active.
76561197969148433,Recommended,402710,25789723,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Morgen Black,This game is quite well done with regard to it being in Early Access at the moment.  It has been two days and the developer has already tackled and issued a fix for many of the bugs that were noted by current players.  The Co-Op is great and the graphics and gameplay are smooth.  This Early Access title is well worth the $25 for admission.
76561198254397751,Recommended,402710,25790229,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Phvntom,"This game has stunning graphics and a very cool idea behind it, But this is not for the casual gamers. The game is a massive open world and has a cave system and a pretty cool ore system but it takes hours and hours to actually make progress in the game even with everything turned up in my favor. I still think this game is really good but needs to develop more."
76561198017657190,Recommended,402710,25790514,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Brooklyn,so far so good dont have enough time with it to come up with something helpful. speakng of helpful controller support would be most helpful!
,Recommended,402710,25790017,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Tony,I have done 6.5 hours so far. I like this game. But....getting kicked from servers alot. I thought my PC was a good spec but according to this game its not. Planetary building restricted. I do like this game it has alot of potential.
76561197970866695,Not Recommended,402710,28671985,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Santanico,"There are great EA games, mediocre EA games, bad EA games and EA with plenty potential. I would rate Osiris in the last category, but it comes with a huge disclaimer. Osiris does a few things pretty well. but it's not so much the missing content missing, or the quality of the assets in te game, but mere the horribly bad design decision that are all over the place.They can continue to add tons of content, polish graphics and sounds, balance difficulty and so on, but only with some drastic changes in it's core design it will become an interesting game.Allow me to mention a few:- each and every object you build consists of several parts. A habitat is a frame and it takes another 12 or more panels to finish it. That is a fun way of building alright and gives the player the feeling that there is plenty content. The problem though is that whatever you build gets a green outline in the HUD. The not so well designed HUD gets even more cluttered with all these annoying green outlines, damage indicators, name of the object etc. When you have a base, there will be > 100 of these object within your visual range and whatever is if you look at, you will get these changes on the screen, in the HUD etc. Very annoying. In fact they should only show these when you have your welding tool equipped.- combat is plain bad. Someone who calls himself a game designer thought it would be great to  change your camera if you get hit by a monster / alien. So, whenever you get hit you have to adjust your camera and try to understand where you are, where the creature is that you are fighting. In the meantime you have to equip your sticky tape to repair your suit and if you are hit, you have to somehow heal yourself too. There is a big chance that once you get ready to fight again, you are hit once more and you can start over. On paper this is a nice idea maybe, adding realism and so. But it sucks big time and one of many exampes that adding realism is more often than not a bad choice.- you have a droid. It is suppossed to do stuff. Like repair or defend or just follow you. But it will almost never do any of these, because it will get stuck no matter where you go or what you do or you ask it to do. It's a pain and it adds nothing but headaches.- skill tree. A skill tree can be an interesting part of a game when it forces the player to make decisions. This skill tree is not interesting, not adding anything, not even balance to the game. It has poor design written all over it.- inventory management is about 30% of all gameplay. You pick something up and you have a big chance that your are overburden. Even at 100,0% you are unable to run. Also the who UI/UX design of inventory management is not even Pre-Alpha. Each and every machine / cabinet / etc. has its own inventory. So you keep running around to see if you have any resources left in any of your inventories, which will add up to around 10 before you are even half way through what you can build.There is a lot more to nag about, but I will stop here. I think this can still be a good game at some point. I am also pretty confident that it will have enough content. My biggest worry is that the design decisions that were made up to this point show a lack of skill by those who make these. Hire a decent and experienced game designer before it is too late and all this ppor choices will ruin your game forever. Then I will come back, enjoy your game and write something nice about it instead.For all players: there is plenty more out there for you to enjoy. Don't buy this until they prove that they can do it."
76561197993949590,Recommended,402710,25996834,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,Nosterex,Matt Damon!
,Recommended,402710,26000537,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,Avro,"Osiris feels like a Martian version of Subnautica, which in my case is a really good thing!!Osiris like Subnautica has that environment around you that immerses you with the gorgeous landscape and environment, the creatures, the gameplay, the HUD itself and all the sound effects. Though Osiris has only recently come out and is still hasn't even been out for a month I still really have a good feeling about this game.The gameplay is pretty solid and gives you a bunch of things to do currently. But as of now there isn't much else to do but build a base and explore the surrounding environment and watch all the creatures walk around and passively get closer and closer to you.Right now the best thing to do would be to either buy Osiris and play it for an hour and a half and judge whether you like it or not (if not get a refund!), OR check out other people that play this game actively and read up on people's impressions on the game!"
,Recommended,402710,25778078,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Levi,It is an okay game for now. Has good potential. Obviously very many bugs and lots of server lag.
76561198007191524,Recommended,402710,25778805,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Shinron,Just bought this game with 2 of my friends. Have to say that its very pretty and gives a sense of scale and pumping of the blood I wasn't expecting. Since my purchase the game has released 2 hot fixes in under 48 hours that fixed important game playing issues such as item sharing and naming along with other things.If this is the way the Dev's intend to operate then I urge all of you to buy this game and help support them. The long term goals behind this game based on my mear 5 hours of play seem to have a very strong foundation and while currently PvP is pointless; I can see it becoming a centerpeice on servers for those that love it.Overall I'd say for an early access this game is awesome and will make a loyal fan out of me
,Recommended,402710,25778947,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Bobzy,"Scavenged some Magnesium.Ground shakes.Turn around and see giant worm about to eat me.Run, scream and cry.Dodges giant worm.Goes home and plays Osiris: New Dawn"
,Recommended,402710,25843775,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Tom,Got spooked by planet worm.5/7
76561197999555231,Recommended,402710,26098296,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Wolvojay,"So I'd been watching this game for a while through both steam update content and watching Twitch streams. I eventually got to the point where I had to get it as the game has massive potential and what's out so far looked interesting.I wasn't dissapointed, I highly recommend buying this game if you're someone who understands what an Early Access game is and is used to buying them.I'm having a blast so far and cannot wait for the new content from the patch notes of the 17th October! Finally would just like to thank the devs as I'm sure they receive a lot of negative feedback from people who don't understand what Early Access means.Great job so far guys, very much looking forward to what the future brings!"
,Recommended,402710,25776170,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,qpunkTACO,"dev communication is active and always in touch with community, game needs some fixing but has potential."
76561198212099383,Recommended,402710,25782941,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,HC Player,"Just tried this game today! and it was OK!Pros:-Excellent graphics-Big Monster / only killed small monster-Awesome survival mission, lure me where the big monster at!-Easy craftCons:-Hard to find supplies-More walking and gliding-Only few thing to do(Overall 97/100_Early access game, so theres more to come!"
76561198020764832,Recommended,402710,25776167,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Slartibartfast,"While the premise is great, the game is way too early access and riddled with glitches, left and right. While I have no doubt that this game will become great, it needs many hours of construction.  This is an example of what No Man's Sky could and may become in the future. I hope the devs keep this game going in the right direction, but for now, I will look elsewhere."
76561197999494448,Recommended,402710,25771831,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Paratrooper82,"UPDATED REVIEW as of 12NOV2016.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LjlXf0ikv_gThis game is extremely promising and is exactly where No Man's Sky should have been, literally a thousand times better!The graphics and alien planet feel is definitely there and the monsters are creepy and sometimes tough as well, especially when they swarm you at night.When I first played the game it was so laggy playing online that I stopped playing. Now that I downloaded the game again and played it again, its absolutely beautiful and I definitely already enjoyed some good PvP.Crafting 7/10 because there is not that much available yet, but the stuff that is there is not easy to craft.Fighting/Action 7/10 For an early access and I am not disappointed, its actually massive fun to kill alien and other players.Playability 9/10 I am not bored yet and still haven't left the planet. This game definitely gives you replayability and doesn't get boring right away like some other games, especially because some crafting recipes take you forever to achieve.Multiplayer 7/10 Its fun and the whole colony and faction system adds some variety to the multiplayer experience.Check out my video and stay tuned for more on this game on my Channel.8/10 would spawn next to somebody's gun turrets and heroically die again."
76561198039778641,Not Recommended,402710,25840173,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,professorhood,"I suggest waiting to buy the early release. If you want to play multiplayer, there is a limited amount of buildings that any planet can maintain. All planets are full, so you can't build anything. You can play solo, but I don't think that's as much fun."
,Recommended,402710,25828270,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,SuperDuperKellogg,"This is quite buggy and multiplayer is nearly impossible. But for what it is, it's extremely fun setting up a private server with a friend or two. It'll definetely be worth the $25 later on."
76561198206367043,Recommended,402710,25784118,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Gree,"Seeing as I have played this game almost nonstop since I got it I feel like I should write a review.Osiris: New Dawn is missing the majority of its content, so if you dont want to play it until its content is all there, then wait a little while.The games area is massive. Youve got a massive planet to start on, rediculously large, however the playable are of that is much much smaller. The actual playable area is only about 5000 meters by 5000 meters, where as the rest of the world is so large that me spring jumping it for an hour in one direction till i died of dehydration didnt reach the poles.Then you have space (spaaaaaaaace) right now it sucks, theres nothing to do up there, all you can see is a space station you phase through and a few asteroids that aren't at all reachable to crash your ship into.Half the resources needed are missing from the game, but the devs tell you this.So as of now the game is very small, Ive built everything you can, and have gone everywhere there is to go, and found all the obtainable resources.That being said: This game is going to be a fantastic game. It already is for how little content it has. The games scope is immense, it doesnt add any really new mechanics to the survival genre but my god is it beautiful. Everything about this game spells success, it takes everything we all love from ark and puts it in space while throwing out all the stuff we dont love.So thats really all I have to say, as long as the devs keep building the game up it will be something to talk about."
76561198008420326,Not Recommended,402710,33543965,Posted: 14 July,all,jardail,"Get into your multi-billion dollar space ship, fly to Osiris, crash and spend the next few days/weeks/months being a caveman in a space suit bashing rocks together to make.. guess what?  Stone age tools.No thanks.  This was fun at one time.  Now it's ridiculous and stupid.  Yes it's alpha and hopefully they will square it away, but, right now.Find something else to waste your money on would be my opinion."
,Recommended,402710,25779751,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,FoxieIV,"Good - have you ever wanted to be Matt Damon? If yes, then get this gameBut it does need regional servers"
76561198189486726,Recommended,402710,25848250,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,shauny red,"really liking it in singleplayer, still has a lot to add but it looks like an early access game that will deliver."
76561198214318441,Recommended,402710,25848421,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Bert Macklin,"Great game. It has alot of potential. My gameplay in multiplayer has consisted of lag and getting stuck on things, so muliplayer still needs work. Singleplayer gameplay is great. Worth the price and can't wait for more updates."
76561197993255302,Recommended,402710,25855129,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Elephant King,"This game is a lot of fun but is very obviously in development. It is one of the smoother and better early access games I've ever paid for, though. I really like this game, it just needs time. As long as the devs continue to care as much as they have since their game came out, this game could turn out to be amazing.The game has run really smoothly for me. The FPS has been good and consistent. The movement needs a little work (mainly the jetpack physics with momentum and gravity) but it never feels clunky or sluggish. I am also a big fan of a ""hand made"" world rather than a randomly generated one.Aside from the bugs we all know are present in early access games or Ubisoft titles, the main issue with the game is lack of content. Although it's a hand made world, there really isn't anything to find other than a plethora of dong-shaped rocks and the same ~8 resources over and over. What I look for in a hand made world are interesting things to find -- a cool laser rifle behind a rock or an abandoned colony I can loot for scrap and resources. Right now there isn't any of that. There's an empty cave and some solar panels you can't interact with and that's about it.I'd buy it if $25 isn't a big deal to you. If it is, wait for this to get more content and spend it on something else."
,Recommended,402710,25776631,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,123,great game with a TON of potential. this is early acces bois and girls only up from here.
,Not Recommended,402710,28786584,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Subquake,"Disclaimer: The review is based on what currently is in the game. (v1.089)Short answerIn summary, I only can say that this game at the beginning is very hostile and tries to kill you all the time and it tries to do that so hard, it at some point turned me away from actually continuing to grind through the game.The trailer looks cool and all, but the game is pretty dry to the taste and that comes from a player, that has played a lot of open world sandbox games, where you grind and build your way up.Pros:+ Premise of the game+ Has decent crafting+ Has vehicles+ Vehicles have modular damage model+ Has multiple planets, that you can travel to+ Interesting creature designsCons:- Terrain graphics are mediocre (In caves it's alright)- Poor AI both for the companion drones and wildlife mobs- Very limited base building and amount of vehicles you can own- Tedious base maintenance- Resource gathering is repetitive and boring, most resource nodes look the same, just retextured- User interface is cluttered with tons of information and clunky- Poor character responsivnes- Third person camera for the most part is unplayable and even less responsive than in first person view, it's good only for taking screenshots I guessLong answerCombatThe combat is dull. Not to mention, that you can climb on a storage crate or a forge and enemies can't get to you and you shoot them from the comfort of higher ground. But if you get to go hand to hand with a creature of some sort, you are gonna struggle with controlling the character more than you actually try to aim and hit enemies. The camera has a mind of its own when you are getting damage and disorients you a lot.EnvironmentGame has some nice sand storms, though they are too frequent, too long and are annoying to say the least after a while and limits the exploration of the planet and you are forced to sit in your base whenever a sandstorm is outside or it's dark.The meteorite showers are cool and all, but when you start to experience them over and over and over again, they are very annoying.ControlsThe jetpack is horrible and whenever you use it and land, you are sometimes immobilized for a second or so. The range of the jetpack and height isn't that great either.The movement of the character feels very clunky (including the jetpack mechanic) and you constantly get tired and overheated. Why future sci-fi space suit didn't include air conditioning and smart fabric? We already have thermo clothing available in real life, but no, in this game you overheat after 50 or so meters sprint.AIThe droid helper, that spawns right next to you is so stupid, the AI is bare bones and it just follows a straight path and doesn't give crap if there are structures or anything else blocking his way, he never goes around something bigger than himself and sometimes he can't even accomplish that. Not to mention that when you are sprinting, he is falls behind and gets lost and never catches up because he gets stuck at some point. And whenever you save the game, load it back up, the droid will magically appear next to your base, no matter where he was previously located.GameplayThe majority of the starting gameplay is grinding, grinding and more grinding and trying to battle against mobs, that troll you all the time and magically spawn from the ground.The gameplay is for the most part related on gathering resources (grinding) and it itself is quite boring and repetitive. The gathering sequence is clunky (No Mans Sky resource gathering feels several times better than this and that game isn't great) Not to mention, that whenever you hit a resource node for a few times, almost 95% the time some random mob will spawn and try to nibble your feet off or kill you.Once you get your first vehicle (hoverbike), you can shoot the nodes and the enemies that spawn and then collect the resources somewhat safely.On top of the usual resource nodes you have geizers that shoot gases in the air (Oxygen, Hydrogen and others) and you collect those in sealed gas tanks that are reusable.Inventory managementIt's about 1/3 of the gameplay and it's very bleh as well. You can split stacks of certain things, but you can split stacks only in half and can't input specific amounts you want the stack to be split.You have your own inventory and crafting stations inventories and whenever you try to craft something, the result material is stored in the crafting inventory that is hidden on the second tab of the crafting station, where the first tab has the blueprints, so you constantly have to switch tabs to see what's going on with the inventory. Better design would be to simply output the result in your own inventory instead of the stations one.You will have to constantly battle against your carry capacity, which gets overburden pretty fast, even with 50% more carry weight from stats.InterfaceI think the interface has too much things going on at the same time and tries to give the player as much information as it can, thus making it very cluttered.Minimap is horrible in this game. You access it through using a tool in your hand. You can cycle through waypoints only in one direction with your mouse click and can't go back to previous ones unless you go full circle. The Beacons and anything you mark in the world don't show up in the actual map as waypoints, but instead an arrow pointer on the top left hud is shown where you need to go and distance till the destination.Creativity & Base BuildingTerrain is indestructible. Building something in this game is usually gated by several middle components, that require resources from all over the map, and if your initial spawn point was very far from any interesting resource nodes, well... good luck sprinting all that distance, because you won't be able to build a vehicle any time soon, because the hangar, that you use to build vehicles requires a crap ton of various resources, components and sub components to be built. Also you have to figure out where resources are scattered about, because there is no clear indication where you could find rare elements such as Lead, Lithium, Diamonds (Wiki can help).Building in this game is very limiting, because your habitat dome and your survival dome have a spherical range, that you can't build next to the same building type and thus resulting with the inability to expand large bases.You have limited amount of buildings, that you can create even in single player. Players are restricted to 20 large buildings to be built per whole game and that is even worse than No Mans Sky limitations and I thought, that it was bad in NMS, this is worse.Now I understand multiplayer servers can't have unlimited real estate for buildings, but in single player such limits shouldn't be present. Small placeable objects don't take up building space, but the large ones do (Habitat, Barracks, Dome etc).Similar games, that in my opinion are way better than this (better first, worst last)+ Subnautica+ Empyrion Galactic Survival+ Eden Star :: Destroy - Build - Protect+ Astroneer+ Space Engineers+ No Mans SkyOther good open world sandbox games+ 7 days to die+ ARK Survival"
76561198061465997,Recommended,402710,29251830,Posted: 14 January,all,Cpu-x,"No Mans Sky: Promised Big worm, never got one.Osiris: Promised Big worm, Got one"
,Recommended,402710,25745007,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,dammitD3R3K,"Yes there's some server issues for multiplayer at the moment,  but it's only a few hours old. . Single player works great. Not sure how in depth this game is but so far I'm enjoying it much more than my 25 minutes of No Man's Sky. It's Early Access, so expect bugs and things not yet added into the game,  still a lot of fun."
,Recommended,402710,34709942,Posted: 3 September,all,S8MedikGG,"Great simulation, when fully developed this game will fully express off planet survival. Once gameplay worlds and mechanics are finished and polished, and single-player story line or mission objectives will be the icing on the cake."
76561198035680746,Not Recommended,402710,29644897,Posted: 2 February,all,Loki_McNeil,"Before I begin, I must state that my compaint on Griefing is based upon two major points. First, that the resources one gains from destroying new character's belongings appear to be nothing, which brings me to my second point that the only reason to grief new players on the starting planet is to harass them. This cannot end well for the game's popularity.With a heavy heart, I must rate this game a zero due to the extensive amount of griefing, and the length of time it takes to get anywhere in the game. The grind of the game which would otherwise be enjoyable as a part of a hard survival game, is totally destroyed by the fact that one player may destroy the collective work of any number of players. No matter how much time or effort the players put into their base, one player may wait until the players leave or log off and destroy the entire base nearly with no consequence to the attacking player. There are no alerts given to the players, no means of meaningful defense which out ranges an attacker with accuracy that brings with attacking a base, some measure of risk.The economics of time invested into playing, vs the rewards of playing are simply not there. Perhaps if the starting planet was made into a Noob planet, or the structures of a new player to a server were made involunable for 72 to 90 hours, then the game would have value to a new player just starting out. Most players do not have 10 solid hours to devot to any game, and should a player do so, they should not have to fear losing everything that they built to a single player. Why play a game in which you devote ten hours of play time to, only to have it all ruined in 5 minutes by a griefer who attacks new players?This is not a problem unique to this game by any means, but this game requires a considerable degree of time investment. There must be a equal or greater reward. I advise making the starter planet PVE, with a timer for the players structure to despawn set to a native 72 hours, with the server admin's having the power to adjust the timer as they please."
,Recommended,402710,25744808,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Shestagon,"I'm really enjoying Osiris : New Dawn so far, but I have a couple of things nagging at me at the moment.1: The creatures look fantastic but after I got eaten by a worm my kids got terrified by the look of it. I started a new world and turned mobs off so that I can have a world to play on while the kids are around and a world for when they aren't. Are the worms supposed to be a world obstacle or classed as a mob?2: trying to find plutonium for a forge, which is one of the first things you are guided to do, proved to be impossible during the brief time I had on Osiris tonight. Either the crafting requirements need to be looked at or resource spawns need to be changed.Other than those 2 small issues I think the game is very good for the stage it is at."
76561198055085874,Recommended,402710,25779199,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Managzium,it is fun when you play with your friends
76561198088899871,Recommended,402710,28751344,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Blue Wölf,"This game is a great survival game. I have had alot of fun playing it and can not wait until more gets added into this game. This game has a lot of potential and it will be great seeing this game grow and become a better game.The only problem i have had is getting stuck on the second planet in the game (Aziel) as the spaceship said ""saving"" and i could not get back into the ship without destroying it. This meant i could not rebuild the ship because i did not have a laboratory on Aziel and i could not make one as the resources are not on the planet.Other than that. Great game :D"
,Recommended,402710,29997666,Posted: 17 February,all,intelligentCUBE,"So here's the thing, I recommend it because it's very well put together and easy to play, however it is missing too much content to be able to FULLY recommend a purchase right now. Once new content and some sort of end-game objective are added, I can recommend it. At this point, once you finish building a base and some ships (which won't take long), you're sort of stuck in limbo with nothing else to do. The game performs much smoother than other Early Access survival games, but it just feels like an ""idea"" at this point. Keep at it devs, looking forward to the full release."
76561198064481155,Recommended,402710,25782918,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,BritishEcho,"This game is very basic at the moment, be warned!Most of the content they have shown off in the trailers and screenshots is not in the game currently, but all being well it will be avaliable sometime in the future. Bugs are common and optimization could be a lot better.But whats there now is good, and is the reason im giving it a thumbs up! But maybe give it a few more weeks to develop before picking it up, or at the very least look into it.If you like ARK this game will probably be your thing!Update 1: Bugs are being squished, game runs smooth. Content is slowly being added as the devs continue to be very active, and communication between them and us is very good. It's nice seeing devs that actually talk to their fanbase.Still early! Still missing a lot of content, but as I said before what's there is good, and it's worth your time!"
76561198016254013,Recommended,402710,25948072,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Voinz,This game is a piece of art.
76561197969687469,Recommended,402710,25949529,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,rthrash,I dislike the huge worm coming and eating me then not being able to find my body then having to start over.
76561198104364862,Recommended,402710,26059653,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Fullon Payne,"Overall, not a bad game at all!- I appreciate the graphics, including transitions for day to night with things like dust storms and whatnot.- The creatures are seriously creepy and not too over the top to try to be unique at the cost of any sense of reality.- Resource gathering makes sense, and can easily be tweaked in the future if needed to make it harder or easier based on how much you get per node, per swing etc.- Base building makes sense, as it's supposed to be stranded-on-a-planet survival game.  Building individual buildings, then having to actually build each panel to ensure it has pressurization is really immersive.In the future, I hope to see some tweaks to the AI controlling the droids as well as some additional content.I applaud the developers of this game for actually throwing it out there on Early Release, knowing how critical and generally down right rude the online gaming community is.  This game has epic potential, as the foundation at its core allows for a vast addition of substance in the future.Disclaimers: It IS in EARLY ACCESS.  Things change, saves get deleted and bugs happen.  If you want to make this game great, give wholesome feedback like an adult so the developers can make changes that suit the community and work towards their overall view of what they wanted to create for us.  I’ve put in over 60 hours into the game on my family steam account and it’s been great.Please do not take my low amount of game hours into consideration of my knowledge.  I personally follow games like this, and invest time into them a little here and there to make sure I stay current and proficient instead of burning out an amazing adventure before the game hits full release.TL;DR : Amazing foundation for a space explorer/survival game.  So far, my number 1 ER game on Steam so far, and looking forward to more!"
76561198071486434,Recommended,402710,25799013,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Windows 10,"Just has a lot of bugs like saving in private.  It's a fun game though.  I think whenever it's out it will be much more than worth it.  At the moment there aren't a lot of things, and it's pretty hard to really get anywhere.  But,  this are only minor complaints and should be resolved soon. Lastly,  there is a glitch where your Robot cannot heal.  This should also be an easy fix.  Overall,  great concept,  and great work so far."
76561198109809003,Recommended,402710,25810812,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Mountain,nice consept but not even near Ark not even near subnauticabut i give it time........I give negative until i see progress and then i change it.For now buy it to suport the devs !!!!!If this guys is legit then we have here a masterpease!!!!Edit: i change my ratingMaybe am too hard to the devs but my opinion still is there!
,Recommended,402710,25914096,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Blackpeople_33,"Still rough around the edges, much more content needed but it has so much potential.I say if you like survival and futuristic/space games then add this to your wishlist.Go to youtube and see some videos and if you believe in the games potential and want to suport the devs then go for it.So far i juts♥♥♥♥♥♥my pants some 5 times, 2 times because off the giant worm and 3 because off the night.Would like to see some more scary monsters in the nigth.anyway i give it 10/10 basing on the funny moments i had while playing this game."
76561198086485451,Recommended,402710,25916661,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Gorramit,"Well guys I've played long enough to get into space and sadly there isn't much there other than a textureless station that you can't board, or at least not that I could find and I could find a way to go to other planets.  Aside from that though, the ground gameplay is what you would expect.  Surviving isn't how I would describe it though as you will never need to find food or water since every time you log out and in again, all of your vitals will return to full.  It's challenging at first but gets pretty easy once you get the hang of how things work.Seems like the crafting values for a lot of the items needs retweaking since ammo costs as much to make as some buildings, and there were a few texture glitches here and there.  Overall though I would say it is a decent game but for the price tag I would prefer a bit more refinement.  If you are on the fence about this game then I would recommend waiting unless you just absolutely need to get it now....which I did.  Lots of potential but only time will tell if it was worth it."
,Recommended,402710,25773997,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,HouseNoodleSoup,"After about an hour with this game, I've really begun to wonder if I missed out with not playing ARK Survival because a lot of people are drawing reference to that game, but I never cared for the dinosaur thing.On the flipside, I've only played about an hour, but within that hour I have forged two characters and can say that I'm going to enjoy this part survival- part walking- simulator.My first character saw me giddly begin marching up a hill, completely unaware that I had a care package of free resources and weapons and, thus, began about a 45 minute journey into the unknown wilds of the planet with nothing but a meager pickaxe, a repair-tool like thing, ""patch tape"" for when I break my air-seal on my suit, and the most useless in game map I've ever used.   After about 45 minutes of fruitlessly looking for how to make a shelter, I had really grown used to combat with the lowly pickaxe as well as monitoring my pulse oxygen levels during running and combat (the more you do, the heavier you breathe, and the more oxygen you use up, which takes time to replenish.  It is no different from any other game that gives you fatigue for exerting energy, except if you use all your air supply, you can go into cardiac arrest (which is a really nice touch!).At some point I decided to reroll my character and this is where I was introduced to the pistol and the rifle.  Oh what I had been missing out on.  At this point I realized that, because I had already grown to enjoy the game without the initial care package, I was not refunding this fun little game.  Since I had spent so long without my resources, I knew exactly what to do now that I had them.  I found a nice plutonium patch to establish my first shelter, and at that point the game crashed to my desktop.I also tried this with the Vive in Virtual Desktop (which has terrible stuttering, might be fixed if they include Vsync support)  and in VorpX (works like a charm).At this point I would give it a 6 out of 10, but since it's in development, I'll say 7/10.  It's fun, it's nice looking, but the crash to my desktop dropped it down a couple points in my book."
,Recommended,402710,25813901,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Shung,"The Martian : The Game, good game but still in early access,still  lacking lots of explorering places, but still better than No Man's Sky"
,Recommended,402710,25825054,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,qwerty,"Had to get a refund. Couldn't play it on my toaster. But seemed like a good game with the 12fps I ran it.Definately captures a good sci-fi atmosphere. It's not Ark, but somewhat similar, but not really. Multiplayer isn't massive, but I beleive they're adding more capacity for servers. It's probably about 80% finished, hours worth of content. Vehicles, exploration, aliens, space. It's pretty legit. I just wish it ran on my nintendo 64."
76561198016811279,Recommended,402710,26019553,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Ozzzzy,"This is a pretty solid base for a survival game in Early Access, and unlike another survival game in EA, this one actually plays with decent fps, with an occasional hiccup.At the moment it's still a bit content lacking, but this will change soon enough. I'm just glad to see the devs made sure it actually plays smoothly.I approve of this game.Plus the ground texture always makes me think of pancakes, which is always a good thing."
,Recommended,402710,25775271,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Brantanamo,great
,Recommended,402710,25780629,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Shiacore,In few weeks/month this will be a beast
76561198152917793,Recommended,402710,25836852,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Parker42,"fantastic game,has more scope than a few other Sci-Fi Survial Games even at this early access. nice weather systems,bright and colourfull,  not a big learning curve. Overall 4/5 for this so far.. keep it up"
76561198041971540,Recommended,402710,25882585,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Luke_McCarthy,It's great being part of this early access.The devs have done a tremendous job.The bugs are forgiveable.The gameplay is spot on.
76561198039959182,Recommended,402710,25945319,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Hyptocalus,"Awesome game as far as it's playable. I've built everything, seen everything, and killed everything they have added to the public so far, and I crave for more! The mysterious stealthy giant worm have already gotten me several times during my mining trips down many a crater.Cons:: -In multiplayer, players on the same team can't build anywhere near each other if they are making the same building, ending up with ""1"" main builder and the rest as providers.-Certain items have been added, without being accessible through crafting, due to some recourses still not added to the game."
,Recommended,402710,25970095,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,MrRamboBrown,as i have only started playing this game and it is still in alpha i have feeling it will be a classic game when all is done and fully released this will be a good game. 7 out of 10 Uranium Rods
76561198032371993,Recommended,402710,26032305,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Drefan Drecanios,Great looking game.  Not great for single player though.  No real complains do to the fact this is better suited to playing with friends or servers.  of course a few bugs like barracks and Bio-dome having issues but this is alpha and early access.  In my oppinion great game and i can wait to see it grow even more than it has now.  Maybe even get some friends to play with.  Note of the wise.  Take your time.  find a nice open spot centrally located to or close to all forms of resources.  nothing says you have to camp in one spot and stick there.  Hopefully they get to a rename system for the beacons so you can know which beacon is where.  Other than that current game i rank a 9 out of 10 do to minor bugs and early access.  Cant wait for it to expand beyond what we are currently playing.
76561198110587292,Recommended,402710,25773277,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,pat.wall1986,"EDIT 1: Updates are rolling in which is a very good sign.EDIT 2: Several issues detailed below have since been rectified which is also a good sign.There are some BIG conditions hinging on this thumbs up. Know what you are in for if you decide to purchase.So this game dropped in EA yesterday. In many way it smacks of early Subnautica and Ark as many have already pointed out.The question is, is it worth supporting?Yes, it is. However you'd need to be aware before buying that it is literally one day old so far as its release cycle is confirmed. I'm not playing multiplayer so cannot confirm, but it does sound like they've got bugs 'a' plenty to deal with. Hopefully they'll continue to refine the experience as this title definitely does show at times that it was developed by a two man team and not a twenty man team.For example, its weird to me that you seem to be unable to even pull up a list of controls in the options menu. Additionally the multi tool implementation needs work. It's janky having to switch between the multi tool and pickaxe to swap items between the droid and the repository. Multi tool functionality in base building needs refinement too and tutorials are required as the building mechanics are not as intuitive as Ark or SN.Enemy AI is interesting but needs to be more fluid. Attacks are super easy to dodge and rarely end up damaging the player. A simple jump + shoot dispatches most enemies.The survival needs to be more hardcore. Water and hunger drain are trivial and all both resources are available in abundance either way - definitely need to rebalance the stats and put more thought into survival - without having to worry about food, water, damage and ammo the game risks turning into a mining simulator.Additional content is a must. Ark and SN are successful because there is an abundance of flora and fauna in their worlds and a rich and balanced crafting system to compliment it.Crafting in Osiris needs work too. That's all I'll say for now.I know it seems negative, but in spite of all of the above you really should support this game. It has great potential to be one of the best. Unknown Worlds stated that Subnatica was so sucessful because the input from the community helped to shape the state of the game. I hope the same positive influence will be enjoyed by these Fenix Fire and I look forward to updating this review as the updates roll out."
,Recommended,402710,25773790,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,geekyguy78,I have had a better time playing Osiris for the last 20 minutes than I did for the entire 70+ hours I wasted on No Mans Sky.  AND its still early access and its less than half the price.
,Recommended,402710,25893053,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Thrashal,"First off, I realize this game is in early access, but I believe some of the things I mention will aid with future development of this game. I'd like to begin by saying this game is infested with bugs (pun intended) at the moment. If you are in search for a flawless game, this is not the game for you, especially if you're going to play multiplayer. There are just too many issues, from space monsters jumping around and almost ""teleporting"" instead of actually moving around like they should. (I've only experienced this in multiplayer, singleplayer is a-okay.) Whenever you attempt to board a vehicle that another player is in, the vehicle will literally freak out and it will be launched across the map. Not too sure why, but moving on...As of now I'm going to be recommending the game to people, I believe this game is somewhat solid, and it certainly has a huge opporunity to be expanded on with the story, things you can build, kill, places you can explore, and so on."
,Recommended,402710,25929970,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,JumpsuitDan,"In the 15 hours of game time I've done all there is to do for now. The amount of fun I had during that time has me waiting for new content more anxiously than most AAA games that are releasing soon. Seriously, if you can handle the typical early access issues and you love survival/scifi games then pick this up."
,Recommended,402710,25774499,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Arcade  TW:@logicphobia,"☑ indi game price point 18,99☑ get eaten by giant worm in first 5 mins☑ mining and survival is taxing but fun.Yes guys another sandbox survival MP/SP style game but this time it's in space and you get to play Matt Damon. (kinda)so let me just give you the run down, you start with what i consider the basics to start out nothing is going to be handed to you on a plate which is the exact kind of game i like, The game is beautiful in a simple way and doesn't try to sell you on graphical fidelity unlike another game that we won't mention.Tips for starting out, explore your area, holster your item and use the hover jump to negate the area faster. always talk to your drone, if you use the multi tool on your drone you can also access it's cargo with the F key.This will allow you to carry loads of heavy stuff across the map as you explore.Starting as outlander i found the area had resorce clusters of diffrent types and after a few hours i figured out where everything i needed to start with was and also the location of the habitat should be as close to your hydrogen geyser & carbon as possible,When i figured this out i had rubber and plastic supply very quickly but on the other hand titanim and copper where 500m from the base location and it means a jog back n forth with the trusty drone to collect more.Finding the magniesm was something of an issue at first because the area lays beyond the giant sand worm that everyone will get eaten by at least once.rubber can be harvestsed by simply shooting the trees from any distance, as can any mineral node (may or may not be working as intended)night time will see your base attacked and if you're not careful you will lose the drone.If anyone wants to get any advice on how to start up feel free to DM me.I would say this is early days so expect a cluster of bugs.Give it time, i think this game could be the rust space rival."
,Recommended,402710,25813658,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,[BoTM] Anorax,"Interesting survival game set in the far future. Like all survival games it has gathering, crafting, and food production. I like the habitat design and the way you construct a colony. It's a bit slow initially as you must travel everywhere on foot. With a good coop design this isn't much of an issue though as a small group of friends can all help gather items and build the base.It definitely scratches my ""The Martian"" itch. It's very early days yet but this already fulfils all the features I was hoping No Man's Sky would give us."
,Recommended,402710,25853906,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Super Girl,Ran around for 30 minutes trying to find the last resource I needed then died 3 times to a worm
,Recommended,402710,25892014,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,PappaStid,"Space game, crafting, survival, land and space vehicles.  Perfect!  I think this game an excellent future, greatly enjoying the Alpha."
,Recommended,402710,25915707,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,BellumNine,"A lot of fun but like a lot of people say as of now it is basically a walking simulator. My gosh though the planet is really cool! Some of the gathering is a little tedious but i suppose that's part of the challenge. Like minecraft, you can't just expect to find all the diamonds immediately :)"
,Recommended,402710,25747205,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,PrimArkDragon,WOW Great job on this wonderful game keep it up suprised how well put together and optimized this game is even on its first day as a early release. this is a wonderful game to play and try out especially u ark fans out there but also those who enjoy survival build craft explore etc without the intense lag graphic issues lol great visuals and ui also a good all around setup so far :] good job Keep it Up!!
,Recommended,402710,25948187,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Leo,"Does more than what No Mans Sky does and its only in early access. Definately worth tyring out, theres plenty to do and lots to build. The early hours of the morning will terrify you by fighting for your life. Loving everything about the game so far."
,Recommended,402710,26019323,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Darathor,Excellent concept and beautiful game. Feels like The Martians !After 11 hours there's not much to do in solo but hope to get more over time!
,Recommended,402710,25993663,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,OceanMan,i cant change view distance
76561198053874012,Recommended,402710,26023558,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,MysticNightmare,This game is basically Subnautica in space. While Subnautica is slightly more developed this game has the potential to be just as incredible. I highly recommend it to any survival game enthusiast since the updates for this game are coming fast and the development is always on point. Keep in mind this is still an early access game so there are always small things that need to be fixed. Right now multiplayer private servers are not saving games correctly but I'm sure that will be fixed soon.
76561198144240935,Recommended,402710,26028954,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Purrfectly Pink Pussy,"This game is magnificent thus far. I can tell this will be revolutionary when it's finished. I have played no man's sky and this game is exactly what i and everyone else disappointed in no man's sky wanted. This fills the void of an intergalactic ""spacey"" game. It's still very early so there will be dull things here and there. But this game will progress and i am sure it will faster than other reviewers think. I can partially use contoller with the Nvidia Shield controller. The aliens give me chills. I recommend everyone give it a try."
,Recommended,402710,25775883,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Jeremiah,"This game feels like good a mix of several out there. It feels like it's been pieced together with elements from ARK, The Forest and Take on Mars. Another comparison that comes to mind is the movie ""The Martian"" with aliens and friends online (or singleplayer).Visuals, athmosphere and immersion are very good. Sound design are good and works well with the visuals. A few sound bugs here and there.The gameplay mechanics seem solid and like a good base to work from.It has a number of bugs but I personally have not ancountered any that made the game unplayable and I strongly believe what bugs I've seen the devs can fix up rather quickly. They're already adressing a number of bugs with hotfixes. All in all it seems like a great survival game in the making and I hope the devs continue to work on it with the same dedication that they are putting in right now."
,Recommended,402710,25805550,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Zombie,Still in Early Access keep that in mind. From the past it may be updated and may not depends 100% on the developpers. Anyways the game so far is good. There is some good content only had 2 hours of gameplay alone so far and honestly it was neat. I had some fun here and here and some scare. The game as a nice environement honestly. So far I give it a thumbs up keep in mind it was recently released and it's in early access so either wait a few weeks.
,Recommended,402710,25840958,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,T H U N D ER C R A C K E R,they got a giant worm
,Recommended,402710,25889427,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,gonkaos,"great game, looking forward for new additions!"
76561197974275455,Recommended,402710,25906356,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Nev (Wulfstromm),"I don't often post reviews, but I think this game deserves one.Like many other gamers out there I've fallen foul of the whole Early Access promises and been bitterly disappointed several times. Some early access games I bought years ago are still... early access, which doesn't fill me with any confidence that they will ever be finished. So with a lot of money already wasted on these games, why did I take a chance with this one?A couple of reasons if I'm honest. Firstly, and I think most importantly, there are regular updates being uploaded by the devs, so it shows that there is actually someone working on it. This gives me hope that the game is actually going to progress beyond a fancy looking sandbox, which is basically what it is. This is not necessarily a bad thing - an early access has to start somewhere and getting the basics working correctly and receiving feedback is important. No sense in building an entire solar system of planets if the first one doesn't convince the players to bother exploring.Secondly, the game looks beautiful. The lighting is great and the weather and night time effects are very atmospheric. The day/night cycles might be a little quick, but that might be adjustable at full release. The creatures are pretty cool, although random spawning would be preferable to them always respawning in the same locations. Plus some pack attacks would be cool instead of single creatures which are an annoyance rather than a threat.I thought I would add a short list of immediate pros and cons. I've only played 13 hours so far, but have experienced most of what the current game has to offer.Pros.1. Looks great and is very atmospheric.2. Co-op works - definitely helps to have a mate share in the collecting of resources.3. Smooth, easy movement and combat. Not too many controls - arcade feel rather than simulation.4. Believable tech tree - unlike Life is Feudal where you can build a bow but not use it!5. Vehicles! Only built the G.A.V. so far but it drives well and has a gun turret. Sweet.6. Planned expansion. The game is going to evolve with player feedback.Cons.1. A little bit grindy. BUT... you can task your robot to automine and this does help.2. The current build has a game area that feels big while you're walking, but once you build a vehicle you're in a tiny sandbox world. I really hope the game environment grows massively otherwise vehicles are pointless.3. For a game with stunning graphics, the resources are... cartoony. They look more in keeping with World of Warcraft - large, bright objects on the surface that you can see from miles away. Would prefer a system like Planet Explorers where you need to scan for them.In summary - I think the price is a little steep at the moment for the amount of content in the early access build, but with the proposed new content (including extra planets) and the beautiful way it looks and feels, it's definitely a game you should own if you like exploring and building. And being able to play with your mates on a private server gets a huge thumbs up.:-)Here's hoping that the updates come thick and fast. I want to explore the rest of the solar system! :-P"
,Recommended,402710,25924254,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Ecclectic_Nerd,"While the game is still in early access, there are very unique elements that make Osiris stand out. Most of all is its atomosphere; during the day it's generally quiet and peaceful with most aliens leaving you to wander about in search of the various ores. Once night falls, however, it becomes tense as you wait for the actually quite unsettling monsters to inevitably find your base and you have to fend them off in the dark. There are a few odd quirks, bugs and plenty of room for improvement of various game mechanics, but the developer is starting from a pretty solid foundation to build upon."
76561198040682264,Recommended,402710,25947556,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Pransaculass,"Playing around and shooting aliens is all fun and games until it turns to night time, then you get the spooky ones that actually hunt you down. Double spooky if you forget that you have a flashlight and you suddenly hear the combat music when you can't see anything.Fun gameplay, scary monsters, somewhat tedious material gathering (until you get vehicles) but otherwise seems very promising."
76561198034389955,Recommended,402710,25824681,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Tumultuous,"Get before price goes up if you like sci fi and crafty suvival games, the game is pretty bare bones in♥♥♥♥♥♥to do atm and ppl are complaining about fps but i havent had an issue with fps at all and im runnign a pretty old rig SLI 660`s, max settings the game looks gorgeous. you will get bored after awhile but itws early access and a pretty great to explore, you will realize quite quickly its very very early in development, mor like a tech demo tbh, but still worth a try if you like the genre, if devs keep at it will be the best sci fi survival most likely"
76561198017474558,Recommended,402710,25893765,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,-=VIP3R=-,really impressed with this game.for a early access game wow just need a few tweeks and it will be awsome...
76561198031391007,Recommended,402710,25775466,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Used Slinky,"***Disclaimer I played in the single player game with the default settings. I will update this review as i continue to play and feel out the game****Games Strong points and potential-Great atmosphere. This game attempts to achieve a sort of terror at night when everything goes completely dark and boy does it work. Going out at night is scary AF right now and is probably the best aspect of this game right now. The world from the jump feels alive and alien. Excited to see what else this Dev team has in store in terms of world building-Just because it deserves a small bullet the enemies in this game are very bug like and are really big compared to the player. This aspect I like cause it feels like you're fighting against something stronger than you even though individually it's is easy to take them down. In packs it becomes almost impossible without tons of ammunition.- The games graphics themselves just look great for this type of game. This game goes into the same category as The Forest, Subnautica, and Ark genre and seems to pull of more visually appealing effects.-Playing the game in first or third person is really equal in terms of fun. Third person is good for checking out your character and 1st offers a decent amount of immersion.-Dev team seems to be active. Then again so did Hello Games but the devs are already putting out some hot patches for some of the big stuff.-Dev team fixed annoying bug within 24 hours high hope for these teams.Good Summary.:Games good parts are pretty well done for being in EA. This base seems like a good start point for what could end up being a fun game in the end.The bad/ What could be fixed:- Running- Now this isn't bad or good yet as i have not played too much but the game world is huge (from what i've played) and the character movement is super slow for the amount of distance you have to cover. I assume they will add some form of transportation or maybe boosters to go faster but right now running is rough.-Supplies- The game starts you off with the basics and tells you to forge the rest form things you find in the world. They give you enough to last a few days but the rough part is trying to find all the different ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. Like is said in the bullet above running is rough right now and i think it's due to the fact you have to run a metric ♥♥♥♥ ton and hope you get lucky finding the right mineral. It's not an awful part of the game but it also is not a fun part. So i put it in the bad list.-commanding your robot- So whenever you look at your robot it will bring up the command prompt. I would prefer an E to interact button instead of trying to pick up rocks and tell me robot to stay unknowingly then have to backtrack all they way to get him *see running* Also why do i have to a certain tool out in order to put stuff in my robots inventory. Inventory is the main thing i use the robot for so please put all the options in one list. Maybe make it cascading so you can group similar choices in each branch.Either Or- This could go either bad or good depending on who but the game is pretty unforgiving if you get into a tight spot. being outside at night has not been survivable for me yet.FINAL VERDICT: This game is BAD but only because it is in EA. This game can be GREAT if the devs go the right direction and make the right decision. The potential here is really high. I cannot recommend picking this game up or not yet since i have not played enough of it. I do have a few moments that i will already remember as they were really fun when i had them which is usually a good sign. If you like game like The Forest, Ark, or Subnautica keep your eye on this game. Could go either way and from what i see right now it looks like that direction will most likely be good. Best of luck to the Dev team. I can't wait to see what you guys do, or don't, do to make this game a hit or a failure."
76561198244804514,Recommended,402710,25837846,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,piginpanic,"OK, this is my first review of a game.... but feel strongly about this one so thought what the hell...I really like a good open world survival game. I have played subnautica, Solaris and ARK into the dirt and still play them pretty frequently. I have also played some bad survival games which after watching the steam trailer, I have spent money on... and have been a massive disapointment. I am happy to say that after spending 15ish hours on this game I am not regretting the perchase one little bit. However, you need to be aware that it is veeeeeeeeeeery early access and has a number of bugs but even only 4 days after release, at least a few of these bugs (the most important ones) have been sorted with bandaids and patches. The Devs seem to actually look through the forums and make a true effort to tackle complaints quickly.... which is what all indi Devs bringing out a paid game with potential should do. Sooooo.... Nice one Devs!At the moment it seems a little limited from a crafting/construction point of view and crafting feels a little janky. The attacking aliens are a little clanky and will kill you quick if you are not prepared to deal with them. There are a few other problems, all expected for an early access, but are already slowly disapearing with updates.The graphics of the terrain are pretty impressive, the texturing and light/shadows are top notch and run at a pretty stable 57-60 fps. (my rig being a 4 core i5, overclocked gtx980, 16gb RAM. Runs it no worries)I still havn't played online but will be attemting this soon once I have a propper grasp of the game.Anyway, on to brass tacks...If you are after a perfectly polished survival game this may not be for you right now but keep an eye on the progress. At the rate the bugs are going away, you may be interested soon.If you dont mind bugs and enjoy giving feedback, being part of the development process and watching a game coming into its own then go ahead and get this game!It's raw and bare but at the same time I cant put it down. It is very pretty and at the same time scary. I'm personally loving the experience. Cant wait to see whats going to happen in later updates!"
76561198050171970,Recommended,402710,25958569,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,DFDGamer,"Pretty cool, I guess. Gets a bit repetitive after a while, and not a whole lot to do, although it is in alpha when I wrote this review. Tedious to collect materials, since they're largely spread out in a vast desert planet, though you can change how much materials are in the game, and fighting is finicky, as the creatures can be easily dodged by jumping. Speaking of the creatures, the only thing varied between them is their figure and the way they attack. Some will decide to circle before attacking, others will try some sort of spit attack that does nothing, but the majority just charges at you. Traveling anywhere is incredibly lengthy, and making vehicles require a huge amount of materials. Leveling up once you reach level 2 is a pain too, as it takes forever, and for some reason the amount of exp you earn is doesn't change, even if you change the amount earned.Other than everything listed above, this game is rather nice. The visuals are appealing, movement and such is smooth and realistic, and the music and audio are very engaging. I also like how resources and enemies respawn, and you're given a pistol, a chisel, a multitool, and tape with unlimited ammo/uses (along with an assault rifle, but that has limited ammo). Overall, it's fun, and it's also frequently updated (for me at least) so some details are added or changed very quickly as this game develops, and the way I see it, this game has a lot of potential."
76561198122599840,Recommended,402710,25975189,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Vondragon,"If you like Ark Survival Evolved.If you like exploring an alien world with creatures to kill.And if you like to try a Survival set in a space - planet with all that it reserves...Osiris New Dawn is the game you've been looking for.Definitely i recommend it to those who like the genre.NOTE: The game is still in the first phase of Early Access so expect bugs, glitches and obviously an incomplete game, but already it has a great potential."
76561197970660706,Recommended,402710,25993904,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,Lastel,Custom keybinds.. please!!  I would love to give this one a shot!
,Recommended,402710,25868170,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,DoC,Osiris is literally the game I have been waiting for.... Think Rust but in space!Base building - CheckPVE - CheckPVP - CheckAmazing Landscape - CheckTeam Work - CheckWith the devs actually listening to the players and releasing quick fixes for issues it makes it feel like they care about the people that essentially pay their wages unlike many other developers that I won't mention but am sure you know of!I would recommend this game 100% as long as the devs carry on with working with the players than not.
,Recommended,402710,25868214,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,979COMPUTER,This game is so much fun for the 6 hours i have played itit has a lot of potential it could be the same or more popular than Space Engineers one day but they still have a long journey ahead of themopen world and survival and the funnst type of game especially when playing with friendslooking forward to the next update
76561198048824105,Recommended,402710,25848205,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,SassyBadger,"I'm loving this game Played for 3 Hours farmed like crazy filled up multiple storage containers and startes my base. I had a save point in my bubble habitat and logged out to get my brother setup to join me and when I went back in it had erased hours of work and started me new. I tried disabling my firewall and exiting right to the desktop to test the workaround before i started another grind with a heavy heart but no luck. This game is broken for me :(, I can handle the frame drops and freezes/glitches that are to be expected but please can someone give me a better workaround or at least some hope for a patch in the near future."
,Recommended,402710,25823985,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,trustkill77,"It's actually a really fun Early Access Game. Think Ark, in space with bugs that you can turn off if you're playing single player...oh and GIANT ♥♥♥♥ING SANDWORMS OF DEATH!!...."
76561198329682904,Recommended,402710,25932144,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,dennisloux,"I just started playing the pre release of Osiris: New Dawn.  Would it be wrong of me to say that this title appears to be what we all had hoped (and were led to believe) that No Man's Sky would be?  This game, in its pre release form, is more complete, interesting, and absorbing than No Man's Sky, a title that that Osiris is being compared to with some frequency.  Bear in mind that No Man's Sky was released as a (mostly) completed $60.00 AAA title and Osiris: New Dawn is an alpha pre release.Don't get me wrong.  I've enjoyed playing No Man's Sky so I'm not going to jump aboard the hater train here.  It's an entertaining game for what it is.  Am I somewhat annoyed that I paid $60.00 for what is a mildly amusing indie title?  Well...yes.  But I digress.Osiris: New Dawn is essentially a crafting/survival space exploration game. It is a creative melange of some of the greatest hits of sci-fi.  Think The Martian meets Dune meets Pitch Black meets Starship Troopers meets Robinson Carusoe on Mars...well, you get the idea.  It can be played solo or as an MMO.  If one choses to play MMO the game developers already have servers online and ready to go.  The pre release version makes it clear that the MMO game will be factional in nature allowing for faction v faction and pvp combat and co-op survival.The crafting system is well though out.  One must gather certain specific resouces in order to craft the various equipment, facilities, and machinery needed to survive.  You start out with just enough stuff to survive for a time while you explore your surroundings for the material necessary to craft the item(s) that allow you to proceed to the next step.  Biological needs are taken into account (i.e. hydration, nutrition, oxygen) so you are under some pressure to get certain crafting done early on...or you die.  To paraphrase Matt Damon's character in The Martian, you need to ""science the sh*t"" out of things in order to survive.  Some resources are common while others are quite rare.  In my experience with the game I have been able to discover abundent basic resources near my original spawn position but as I have progressed have found it necessary to travel much farther afield on foot to find the less common resources needed to advance in the game.  As the gameplay progresses you are able to craft items that become progressively more sophisticated and complex inluding permanent specialized structures, lab and fabrication machinery, surface vehicles, and eventually a spacecraft.The planet is teeming with life, all of which appears to be intent on your demise.  You start the game with a droid (helpful but quite dumb...I call mine ""Idiot"") an inflatable shelter, some water, survival rations, med kit, mapping device, an assault rifle, a taser pistol thingy, and a geological hammer which can be used for melee.  You have limited ammo for the assault rifle (until you get to a level where you can craft more) but the taser thingy seems unlimited in usasge.   It is possible to destroy critters with the hammer but I've always taken quite a bit of damage in the process.  And you DO NOT want to be out exploring when night falls.  The baddies seem to become much more agressive at night and all you have to spot them with is a flashlight.  Kinda like Pitch Black.The only bug I've uncovered in the game thus far is that if I get killed my body is not available to loot as it is supposesd to be.  A huge pain in the♥♥♥♥♥♥since every time I die I lose my assault rifle.  Hard to survive the planet sans that piece of kit.  This is an odd glitch because the first few times I died my body WAS where I left it.  As others have reported the same bug I haven't bothered to report it to the developers.  Anyway, they seem to be very responsive to issues so I'm sure this bug will be resolved in due course.  You paying attention here, Sean Murray?I'm playing the game on a sub optimal pc graphics wise so I have everyting pretty dumbed down in order to have acceptable frame rates.  Thus, I won't comment on graphics.  Other players with more horsepower have reported great results vis a vis frame rates and the overall look of the game.  Hmmm, I wonder if I can talk my wife into letting me buy that new grahics card I have my eye on...The sound track is absolutely great.  Lots of bleeps and bloops and chirps that remind me of those old school classic sci-fi flicks.  The music is evocative and sets various moods quite well.  The sound track is particularly unnerving when you are caught away from base camp after dark.  The audio has thoroughly creeped me out several times when I've found myself in this situation.The pre release of Osiris: New Dawn is well worth the $24.99 price tag.  Even in its current form this game is providing me hours of challenging game play.  Osiris is shaping up to be the indie AAA title many of us had anticipated No Man's Sky would be.  It's amazing to see what two highly talented and creative code jockies can come up with.  Can't wait to see what's next."
76561198092110284,Recommended,402710,25977388,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Derptastic,"Day one - My boots hit the ground for the first time, I walk around to get a lay of the land and feel a tremble as i pass over a crater ....Day one - My boots hit the ground for the first time, I walk around to get a lay of the land. Around me i see many native creatures ....Day one - My boots hit the ground for the first time. I have gathered many resources to develope a small settlement to house other stranded members if any, night time falls and it brings strange noises in the distance ...Day one - My boots hit the ground for the first time. I have made a form of transportation to help me traverse the land as well as defend myself against the never ending threats on this lonely planet. Craters are found to be unsafe in this area as to giant creatures who seem very territorial, i shall make my way past them. There in the distance i see a light! Maybe i have finally found another who will help me defend myself against these perils and explore these never ending deserts ...Day one - **** this planet!"
76561198212829149,Recommended,402710,25977939,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,goldendoodledude,"One thing I need to say is they NEED to fix the problem of your dead body falling through the ground (it's ok because the game is in an early stage). I had diamonds and lithium and I died and I lost all of that stuff. I would reccomend this game because it is very fun, unless annoying things like that happen but I'm just taking a little break.Pros:-Lots of things to do-Lots of exploring-Single player or multiplayer-Graphics are pretty good-Can play this for hours without getting repeditive-Lots of vehicles you can build-Some materials are really easy to get-You can change the world even after you've startedCons:-The game is in an early stage-Some bugs-You can't change keybindings (that will come later)-The game can be very laggy if you don't have the reccomended specs-Some resources take way to long to findOverall I'd give it a 8.5/10 (thsi will change as the game updates)Would reccomend this game to anyone that wants a space survival game with lots to do."
76561198067973340,Recommended,402710,25761331,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,123,"Great fun so far, 10times better then no mans sky and half the price :)"
,Recommended,402710,25765275,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,вσωєя ѕι∂євυяиѕ,"This game runs very smoothly and is an incredibly fun concept, it is borderline Ark: Survival Evolved crossed with Subnautica and then mixed with space.There are several bugs which render the online mode unplayable at the moment, for example if you spend 30minutes collecting resources and then place them in a chest, and your friend looks in the chest. It makes all of the items dissapear. I will no doubt be playing this game at some point in the near future, but only after these small bugs are sorted out."
76561198007226889,Recommended,402710,25976478,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,murse44,"This game makes me very happy.  I think it is my new favorite since I love The ARK francise.  Build, explore, survive and train alien creatures!"
,Recommended,402710,25976630,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Æon,"Very enjoyable singleplayer mode. Haven't progressed that far but I have enjoyed every bit of it. Although it seems like the multiplayer mode will offer more benefits, I have yet to test them, but will do soon. After I gain some more KNOWLEDGE.All jokes aside I really like this game and am hoping for the best but expecting its worst in the future. 8/10"
76561198097295734,Recommended,402710,25978799,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,(The Trapper),hopefuly devs finish this game soon looking forward to the other planets.
,Recommended,402710,25776432,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,HanHuman,"After 14h, built everything taking my time, the only option is to wait days, weeks or more for new content. It's a pretty embryonic game, there is so much to be done It feels like it's 5-10% of the final game. Gonna be months before it starts to be really interresting, if it ever will be."
76561198060693964,Recommended,402710,25907950,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,PandaFood,"Yes this game was what filled the void that sean murry had opened. this game is amazing and i love it to bits. the only problem is. next time a giant worm devowers me wole, maybe some better audio so that im not left with a walk of shame as i go change my pants.also our multi private server saves wont save so we have to start over from scratch every time. is that normal? what are we doing wrong?"
76561198073945981,Recommended,402710,25827578,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,DarkOdysseus,"This game is absolutely fantastic. 10/10 in my book (for early access)Graphics: The graphics are top notch. This is a very pretty game with great optimization. Currently driving 1440p with a GTX 1070, i7 6700k, and 16 gigs at 2100mhz. My frames are a steady 60FPS and dip occasionally into the 50s when Im near hydrogen particles. (I guess that needs worked on a bit). Have yet to find a visual bug of any sort in my experience thus far.Crafting: The crafting mechanic is solid. You will need to gather nodes to build or craft anything. Its the typical survival/crafting play style. Mine nodes to build this thing, which will allow you to build this thing, and so on...Survival aspect: Kind of non existent at the moment. Your food and water will go down slowly over time but its nothing that a few berries and a glass of water wont fix. When you get into a fight and your suit is breached nothing a little endless ducktape cant cure. Its much easier at this current time than say games like Rust, Ark, The Forest, ect...The PVE is awesome but anyone with a couple hours experience in any FPS game will have the wildlife wipped.Overall game mechanics: This is where the game really shines. Everything has a certain polish not common in early access games. The attention to detail is a breath of fresh air and really puts yourself into the game. All the little things like third person animations and gun play all seam very tight and right. The inventory is well thought out. The droids that follow you around and do your bidding is just well, awesome.Multiplayer: Ehhh, kinda there, kind of not... I bought this for my friend and I and we really just had a hell of a time. The colony system seems to not be working correctly yet and spawning so far away from each other was a drag. Would like to see some form of a friend option when in game to see each others locations and base sites. Tried to play on several populated servers but could not build anything so whats the point?Conclusion: This is an awesome early access single player game in its current state. I can not wait! for more content and fixes from the devs. If you have a decent video card you will benefit greatly from the amazing graphics. I recommend this game to everybody. For the price you cant loose. 10/10 all day long."
,Recommended,402710,25842553,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,jonah,"The game is good, the idea is good, cannot wait to see where its at in a few months to a year! That being said I will say one issue that I have noticed, and has occured consistantly while I have been playing; when you back out of the game (after a save of course) you always start back over on day one and lose every item that you are carrying in the backpack.Please fixKeep up the awesome work!"
,Recommended,402710,25864669,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,PrinceEdwardIII,"Plays pretty well for early access.I can see myself running out of things to do quickly, though, due to the fact that the base building is modular, much like Subnautica.In many of these ""build to survive"" games, much of the gameplay is derived from the desire to build bigger, fancier, more optimised bases (Like in ARK, or Minecraft, or 7 Days to Die, Space Engineers, etc) but in Osiris: New Dawn, once you've got your facilities up and running, there isn't much you can do to make anything ""better"" or more ascethically pleasing or whatever. Not a lot of freedom of choice there.Pros:Solid VisualsGood Animations in 3rd personMovement is fluid and not clunkyCool creatures, decent variability so farGiant SandwormsAdequate combat system. No Frills, not very polished, but it works.Build your own base/vehiclesRobot slave to do your mining for you or patrol and repair structures.Rudimentary weather effects look okay.Random meteor impacts look cool also, though they didnt really make the kind of impact sounds you'd expect which was sorta dissapointing.Cons:Very empty world so far (to be expected in Early Access)The combat, while functional, is sorta boring. Not sure what needs to be done though.Creature animations look off.Little to do in the way of gameplay. Build and look for resources until everything is built.A few visual bugs such as the camera clipping through the terrain, mobs spawning way up in the air or glitching out and flying across the screen (only happened once so far though)Summary:Decent enough even in Early Access to justify the 25 dollar price tag, but I'd only buy it if you liked Subnautica. Dont expect the freedom of construction Space Engineers or ARK gives you.Keep in mind this is an Early Alpha.There's a lot of things they could add and a lot of things left to fix. I'm not reviewing this like its a finished AAA title, because it isn't, and I think we should all keep that in mind in the reviews section.I've seen some people complaining already that the game has features that arent finished, and I'm not really sure what you folks expected.Already better than No Man's Sky6.5/10"
,Recommended,402710,25827602,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,{F13}khorne berzerker,i like it but multiplayers broken
76561198008789170,Recommended,402710,25859941,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,tavi_1980,"Amazing gameplay, amazing graphics.Seriously however guys, lithium is harder to find than the cure for cancer."
,Recommended,402710,25864177,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Astrochemistry,"This is by far the greatest survival game I've ever played. I might be being biased considering the fact I deeply love space-related games (majoring in Astronomy as it is) but my friends have also shared the same thoughts like myself. The game itself is beautiful, and it's filled with things to do. Right now it's a couple hours worth of tasks to complete but the developers seem to be ontop of updating the game, so I would expect it to become more and more adventurous (considering they're making more planets to explore/survive on) and lots of fun in the future.The game itself DOES have its problem, so it's not a perfect game. So here's a list of the pros and cons.Pros:- Beautiful- Fun- Space- Survive like Matt Damon except with monsters and not on Mars- Multiplayer unlike Subnautica- Offers a decent amount of material- Developers updating- No issues with graphics- Decent size map (they're adding more)- Vehicles are very fun to useCons:- Monsters teleport, lag- When making plastic, the amount of Hydrogen being used is completely wrong (unless they're compensating for loss of Hydrogren when emptying barrel?)- Disconnect in a spaceship and you lose it (assuming it's like that for all vehicles)- Only offers a couple hours of farming until you complete everything- Not many buildings- Monsters got bugged in the Lithium/Diamond cave, were stuck on ceiling (they surrounded the exit when my friend and I were getting out, he was killed but I lived)There's more bugs to the game, but the developers are aware and it is expected since it's early access. Other than that, the game is incredibly fun, and I recommend it. In a few months or a year, I expect that the game would be what No Man's Sky was suppose to be."
76561197970496036,Recommended,402710,25878299,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Phoenix,"Heya guys,This is certainly an early access title with some fairly major systems still not even turned on yet. So before I get started, you need to know this is not one of them games that is pretty much there but needs a good amount of spit and polish. That said the current price night be too high for many, as once you've built the games limited tech tree there isnt a great deal to do right now.The idea so far is gather resources, build structures and eventually vehicles. The structures seem very limited right now and many of them dont function properly. The power and O2 systems are turned off as are the fuel and power requirments for the vehicles.The combat so far is ok but nothing special, I was dispointed that night time didn't pose a bigger threat with your base being attacked on all sides. I was hoping to be able to set up defense turrets and watch the alien hordes test them ect, alas there are just the occasional wandering alien which can be killed easily. I suspect this will change as the game developes.The game does look stunning and I love the way the day and night cycles work, there is also rain and storms which look awesome. There are lots of vehicles to build and ride, they all feel very awesome to drive/fly so that is a good start. However right now there is nothing for them to fight and no real function for the slower Rover and GAV.SummaryRight now there is so many pieces missing this is a recomendation as long as you understand you are buying into a waiting game. The foundations are here for what could be a massive title, basically Subnautica meets Mark Watney with a bit of Starship troopers for good measure. I am looking forward to seeing how the developers add new systems and new planets to explore.Expect a preview on Rigged for Epic very soonTop Tips:- Get rubber from trees not from making it with Chorine- Power and gas tanks dont work yet.- Just build a hover bike, the rest are poinless right now.- Dimonds are down in the caves"
76561197978524213,Recommended,402710,26082735,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,OverArc,"Not usually a grind game fan. This game is great, looking forward to more."
,Recommended,402710,25911461,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Magical Hippy1,i cant save my game plz fix
76561198326945757,Recommended,402710,28552913,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Eugene,Best emersive experience from a Beta I've ever played. A small Team of devs is constantly fixing bugs and updating this game. However after 150 hrs of gameplay it seems to become boring.
,Recommended,402710,25787801,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,AceFury_,"Would i vote a buy and try? - Simple answer, Yes.When i buy any early access steam game i know that i am making an investment. As with any investment it can go very good, or it can go very bad, there is not normally an inbetween.  What i see that is playable is very promising and from Most positive AND Negative reviews i absolutely agree on both sides.  However, one that i will point out is when you are playing a game in house and testing and then releasing it with people having many different types of computer setups, there will be bugs, there will be glitches, there will be so many things gone wrong and even preexisting ones they already knew about.In Early access this is what you can expect all of there to be.  If the game was finished and we had to play with all of the bugs, some missing features and very clear glitches, sure i would complain.  But current content of it, i enjoy from the few hours i've played so far, will i stop playing every single other game in my library for this one? No, Atleast not YET. Will i put some time in and play here and there because space survival is effing awesome and its about time someone rolled out something sweet like this? Yes, and i will be sure to be a SUPPORTER of the game, and not someone putting in a bad review because of its current state. I will know that i did my part and i hope that the Devs use the money i ""Invested"" properly to make this game florish and a top Title.In Comparison with ARK, yes it is the same concept, however with how long ARK has been out, you can't tell me that it is in the perfect condition either.  Osiris servers are not laggy AT ALL.Buy the game, support the devs, and report your bugs.  They have been very fast since releasing this title to us to fix things. They are constantly adding features that should have been on release to us with Early Access and Has great potential, Devs seem down to earth and chill very responsive to the community, the biggest part i can feel is they are not overwhelmed and eager to make this title good.Thats all i got, for those who took the time to read this, hope this helps."
,Recommended,402710,25789891,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,UltimateTamaleLonghorn,"Amazing game, especially when you have others to play with! Sure, it's buggy, but it's early access so that's expected. The fact that we've seen two updates within 24 hours of the game's release is awesome! Looking forward to what comes next!"
76561198062339623,Recommended,402710,26651496,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Gullyrob,Good game with cons and pros that others have already metioned. But i expect big things happening. This game is like Subnautica only on land since the space hasnt had much work on it. But bear in mind that Subnautica is 2 and a half years older and has developed a lot. Comparring the games first months Osiris has been released with much more care and content. It even has its gigantic monster ready. Give this game some time and it will flurish.I really hope to see this game become great. PS: Really eager when will they onlock those classes
76561197992525108,Recommended,402710,25787913,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,PublicWreck,1. This game is Great!!2. Keep up the great work!!3. Looking forward to exploring just need fuel for the space ship. I wish it was this easy to leave Earth. (Just hit Space Bar!!)
76561198043376902,Recommended,402710,29299607,Posted: 16 January,all,SoDoG,"if they can update more and add more content, this game is absolute amazing."
,Recommended,402710,29383492,Posted: 20 January,all,FACE BLOOM,It is like subnatica hopefully it might later be better
76561198343564648,Not Recommended,402710,28479765,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Lv01 Magikarp,"Worth a buy?Sure under certain circumstances;The game itself looked great, seems to be quite limited content wise from what I saw but the world looks amazing.The multiplayer is absolute garbage, out of the 6 servers me and 2 of my friends joined 2 crashed us to the main menu and the others were controlled by one tribe of 10 year olds who think ""PVP"" is setting up turrets on the spawn points and/or driving around killing fresh spawns before you even get chance to do anything what so ever.Apparently this is ok because it's a ""PVP"" server, which means griefing players over and over until they leave their server is acceptable.The sheer terrible community and lack of being able to rent/host servers at the minute made 3 people refund the game.The other childish remark was ""Go play PVE not PVP then"" it's not too much to ask for some form of mutual respect for new players on a game that has a small player base, PvE is not the answer, PvE in these games are pointless.To those kids who think spawn trapping new players is PVP I invite you to join us on ARK and we'll see how long you last.Overall:-Wait for custom servers-Wait for a sale-Check playerbase as it's LOW right now, every server is either empty or just has one tribe that spawn kills til people leave.I do not recommend this at all, nice attempt but poor multiplayer experiance, even Rust was better."
,Recommended,402710,26019598,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,seel of approval,"Rust in space. Looks promising,"
76561198303494733,Recommended,402710,25918862,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,CHEATOS,"I am not going to say its the greatest, But this is as close to scary survival/ being on the planet Pitch Black was filmed on/ HOLY♥♥♥♥♥♥WHAT WAS THAT?!!?!/ pray your batteries on your flashlight dont go out (sorry all of you james bond characters..... who's last name is Galore, THERE IS NO GAMA SLIDERS SO SUCK IT!) as you are probably going to find anytime soon before the kids scream to dumb it down for them. The learning curve isn't that steep. the interface needs some help but my god it was fun. And the most amazing thing? They actually managed to keep it a sci-fi game even though for the first bit they could have easily just made it a boring hiking simutator with a sci-fi skin. It would seem most players didnt figure out the sky hopping / iron man trick so travel times are next to nothing.You can tell there is a RL economics desperation behind he studio producing this because this honestly shouldnt have been pushed to sales of any kind (and yes when you paid for it and its playable, then accept the fact you did just that. EA/alpha/beta are terms that are from an age when a game came to you in a box and dont apply anymore. now they are just words that USED to mean something) but with that said, what they did present was a good opening chapter. Which is what the studio plans on doing, making this a first step into a whole star system of batshit crazy. I for one cant wait to see  what comes nextPROs:Great visuals- good screepy atomospere at nightstraight forward progression of tech level. Meaning sand makes glass gold is imprinted on plastic to make chips etc.So you can figure it out with no trouble at allan inspired choice to make the whole planet the same biome. who walks 200 yards from mountains to jungle? nobody.The day/ night cycle matters!!! explore when its light, stay home when its darkNO GAMMA SLIDERS!!!!! YES! (though some kids might find this a con so please just walk on by)NO ZOMBIES - because that horse has been beaten to death over....and over...and over.CONS:There is some big problems with netcode and synching of inventory but they have been working on it.no custom keybinds - YET (they will be rolling that out soon)UI Needs work (solid start but....there are alot of easy improvements that im suprised arent there)most of the game mechanics arent implemented yet (which is kind of good actually)Lack of console commands (this game IMO is simply not ready for that yet)The campanion bot pathing is powered by the best technology 1981 had to offer, i guess google maps isnt a thing in the futureWRAP UP:If you have ADD and/ or think everything should be presented to you on a polished high budget plate...don't buyIF you have this thing called patience (rare drop nowadays) and understand what the intent, and how ambitious this project really is, then support them. this will be the under-the-darkhorse-radar of 2017 because this opening shot promises to make the other survival games wake up and remember what they wanted to be when they grow up. instead of the diluted, kiddy approved crap they ended up becoming because of whiners on forums."
76561198154794584,Recommended,402710,25974133,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,ZiPPier,Pretty gud
,Recommended,402710,26039446,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Sexercise,"Overall, this is what I wanted from No Man's Sky.This game has great potential, and is pretty fun to explore."
,Recommended,402710,25825226,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Electrostomp,"This game is everything No Man's Sky SHOULD have been.The fact you can build shelters, and it doesn't take what seems like hours mining resources makes a huge difference and experience in the game play.It does take a bit of endurance having to run all the way back to your base, and unlike No Man's Sky, Plutonium isn't around every corner, sometimes you have to fight to get to it but it gives a sense of challenge to the game that I think NMS is missing."
,Recommended,402710,25780782,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Pretty Patsie™,"Osiris is a multiplayer (with optional single player) space survival game for PC which was released on September 28th 2016. The game is currently in early access but does not come with the stigma attached to most early access titles. Osiris offers a lot for the £18.99 price tag with a decent crafting system and a vast planet to discover. The atmosphere in this game is extremely eerie and even when playing with friends you very much feel alone and stranded… The ability to leave the planet and explore a number of other planets out in space will be coming to the game very soon. When your journey starts you are given a few starting weapons (Assault rifle & Pistol) and an inflatable dome kit (your home base). From there you’ll follow a decent tutorial to get comfortable with crafting and basically getting your bearings with the game. It’s not all crafting, gathering and fluffy clouds, NO…You are greeted by Aliens, Parasites and GIANT Sand worms (Oh My) waiting to tear you and your friends a new♥♥♥♥♥♥hole!Overall the game is fantastic for the price and since its release a couple of days ago the developers have already patched a few problems! There are a few issues on the public servers at this moment in time but the devs are aware of the issues, so expect a patch very soon. Private servers on the other hand work just fine, so get some friends, get online and start exploring.This game should definitely be on your radar!+Visuals+Atmosphere+Crafting+Immersion+Developer dedication-Public servers running like crap."
,Recommended,402710,25780986,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Myndphuck,"First off, this game has tons of potential. The massively open worlds are insanely atmospheric and offer players a feeling similar to that of the movie ""Martian"". A constantly ripping space suit, scavenging what you can to make a habitable living quarters, a world of violent storms and pitch black nights. All of these scenarios (and tons more) offer an experience that some players might enjoy, and others might find pesky.The overall rating I give this game is a 4/5 ONLY because of its potential. For an early access game, Osiris offers what many others cant; a demo of every aspect of the game that Fenix fire wants to release. The ships, mechs, rovers, weapons, gigantic creatures and droids all come with the early access release in a very stable form with the promise of updates to make them even better. This game is the only acceptable Early Access game on Steam that I have touched in a while."
,Recommended,402710,26299905,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Ƒгєѧҝҹ_Ǻлҕєƛџȿ,"So...... This is both the best and most horrible game at the same time.Why horrible, well, it's just an annoying grind to get and find the specific resources you need. Always obviously guarded by aggressive creatures (really, aggressive is a gene on this planet?) and never in a way that makes sense (imo).Why is it the best? Well, in teamwork the above is far less an issue... in single player it's just ridiculous to have to go travel miles and miles in the hopes of finding something trivial as magnesium. Spawn in a different location, you build next to a magnesium deposit but guess what... now you got to travel for ... rolls dice.... rubber.This game is good, but the idiotic way of materials searching is annoying. Just for 'fun' I removed the aliens... well, dear player, the game knows best! Good luck in this wasteland!It's a good game, it is fun to do while also annoying the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of you. So as long as it keeps me coming back to fight some ridiculous overpowered arachnid.. It's good... mkay"
76561198322629800,Recommended,402710,26043134,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,ayyyy lmaoooo,Game is amazing great graphics and gameplay but as said by the producers there are alot of bugs in the early stages and it can make the game a bit more.. small
,Recommended,402710,25746094,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,uateit,"I'm having fun in the first 90 minutes of the game. Just built the habitat and airlock. The only real problem I've had so far that I can't stand is the creature and structure building volume is OFF THE CHARTS.  I've turned down all the audio options, but those sounds are still so loud and piercing that I have my headphones around my neck while playing. Other than that, I've had lots of fun with this game."
76561198009549775,Not Recommended,402710,32914003,Posted: 27 June,all,Marcus Aurelius,"I have never written a game review before, but I am so♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off that I'm finally motivated.  This game is an un-fun grind.  It seems like it could be fun because I love space and sci-fi and aliens and the rest, but it is simply not fun to play.  You are seriously underpowered in every way.  You're in a space suit and you're making things out of stone?  You have to fight massive alien spiders with huge HP and tiny hit boxes with a freaking stone axe?  Half the game is at night, can't see anything but monsters see you, so I wound up cowering in my ""shelter"" till morning, which means I browsed reddit with the game running in background till I could do stuff again.I have 24 hours invested in this game over 3-4 days.  Grinded till I got my character up to building a habitat, which is a significant excercise in pain and endurance.  Then, when I load my game today to finally do ""the cool stuff,"" my save is gone without a trace.  At least 20 hours of in-game grinding gone.  I didn't enjoy playing it, I did it for the assumed payoff that I could do cool stuff later on once I had developed my character.  Now I am totally defeated and I just refuse to do it again."
76561198005817065,Recommended,402710,25779834,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Raa225,For being in early access this game is very well put togeather. This game is space engineers and no mans sky. I Very highly recommend this game to people who love to explore and build!
76561198062625015,Recommended,402710,25878758,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,AustinPowers118,"This game is amazing. If your looking for a way to discribe this game, it can be described as the game that No Man's Sky should have been. It does have a lot of minor bugs here and there but what early access game dosent. This game has a lot of potential and I'm excited to seee how its going to turn out in the future.10/10"
76561198085883444,Recommended,402710,25776438,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Roman-Legion,It has excellent animation on the various aliens. Night time is scary. While the game is in an early state and buggy I still recommend this highly. I will enjoy playing it as it develops further.
76561198038165120,Recommended,402710,26193342,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,Ripbeek,"So far looking like an awesome game. Needs alot more content, really looking forward to seeing were this one goes."
76561198229211632,Recommended,402710,25780006,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,fghhjkl,"This game has amazing potential and the devs seem to be really working hard to fix the issues people have had since launch, with 2 patches being released in the first 2 days. Most of the issues complained about in the negative reviews I have read have been fixed already so I am hoping that this game will have a very bright futre.Please remember this is an early access game and be prepared for all that entails and you will have a blast with this game."
,Recommended,402710,25792109,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,shadow,looks good and is a solid concept but it is very grindy and plagued with bugs in its current state id still recomend it but wait for a fix to the issues first
,Recommended,402710,25815479,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Kureto,> Space> Survival> Exploration> Unlike no man's sky10/10Great game for early access tho
76561197971179059,Recommended,402710,25814638,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,B()NE,"Visually this game is very impressive, the developers have clearly worked hard on the asthetic and feeling of being stranded on a strange world. Weather effects and lighting are well done and immersive, the sound can sometimes seem slightly out of balance but some of this has been addressed in a recent patch and is livable.I have played this game for about 14 hours, built all available structures and made all the vehicles. Some are not working correctly and obviously there are still some bugs to iron out, being early access this is accepted.I would say that this game *could* be a potential hit for survival/sci-fi fans if they quickly manage some of the more annoying early game life bugs, such as missing inventory and construction glitches whilst adding more content quickly to keep up interest.If you want a content filled extravaganza, Id suggest you wait a while, expecially if you are a survival veteran who can tear through content quickly and require an end game, there isn't one yet, apart from public server PvP, or just more building of the same handful of structures that aren't very functional.I would recommend this game if you don't mind jumping in very early, are happy to explore an alien planet with just a few hours of content to play around with and don't mind  being subjected to some bugs and annoyances, and Im not just talking about the local wild life!.Overall if you want in now, you will have some fun for a while and are likely to hit the content wall after 10 or so hours, if this bothers you and aren't happy to wait for several months of patching don't buy it yet but keep an eye on it.The future for this game could be amazing, it's all there but lets hope the developers (2 of them) are up to the task of content creation this game deserves."
,Recommended,402710,28530439,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,[Eagle] 大都督,"we need dedicated server files to set real private server, please release the dedicated server files, very seriously"
76561198000608773,Recommended,402710,25814808,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Fluff-E-Kitty,"Has a lot of potential and is rather fun.If you like subnotica, you may like this too."
,Recommended,402710,25819160,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Condoru7991,Majority of the core gameplay is working nicely with very few major issues. Patches are comming in quickly to remove an issues.This game has alot of potential and is very fun but becomes very easy as the creature leveling and rpg aspects have not been introduced.
,Recommended,402710,26004923,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,Nick,"Love this game. It doesn't have much too do yet, but the things that are in now are amazing.-mob movement looks amazing-vehicles controls are smooth once you get the hang of them-after recent update, multiplayer works well, and it is easy to set up a server-atmosphere gives a nice amount of spook and wonder at the same time-weather effects look great"
76561198006617124,Not Recommended,402710,33236937,Posted: 4 July,all,Jaswolf,"Wait for the full release.We have to stop buying into all those early access indie scam games that just using PR update to lure people.Steam will never clean up its Augeas's stables, we have to do it by ourself."
76561198055357538,Recommended,402710,25833841,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,LastDragon,"Been a fantastic experience and I""m looking forward to what the future brings with this game. I""m currently playing bootcapmed on a macbook pro and I""ve dumped all the graphical settings to low. At low settings it's definitely doable. The graphics cards just aren't keeping up in the Macbooks, so it might be time to make a switch.Anyway back to the game. The nighttime aliens are crazy cool, and scary! The resource gathering is a bit annoying but it's fun to go searching for what you need. Definitely a long ways to go for the devs, but very impressive that they have come this far with such a small team. Its fantastic that the vehicles are already implemented and they are REALLY fun!Only negative I would state is I don't mind paying for an EA game, I don't mind paying for games straight up...but $25 is a bit steep for the current state of the game and the development team that is in place. It's essentially 50% of a fully prepared and bug squashed AAA title. I think the potential is there, and I think the game is in pretty decent shape but there is definitely a long way to go. I""m having fun and I don't regret the purchase but I can see this being a sticking point if a pretty massive ramp up doesn't happen soon."
,Recommended,402710,25745902,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Notbazzaro135,https://youtu.be/Um6B2RKblLMVideo is of a first impressions stance.So far its great. The evironment is beautiful and the aliens are creepy. Little harsh on the optimization side but thats to be expected. This game is rather similar to say things like Rust. Well kinda as to where rust is a pvp game this is more of an adventure game. Still has pvp in the form of two factions you choose from on start. There will be 4 classes aswell in the future.This game has room to grow and for the price I'd say get it and support the devs.
,Recommended,402710,25782082,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,LadyAth,"Still early access, but already having fun.  Really awesome that there are single player as well as multiplayer options available for the game.  Very keen to see how it develops further :)"
76561198009687509,Recommended,402710,32625476,Posted: 21 June,all,DNH426,This game has been a lot of fun so far. A lot of potential.  Consistantly being updated.
,Recommended,402710,32958352,Posted: 28 June,all,GnarlyCharlie,"This game has a lot of potential, unfortunately in its current state its hard to play. There seems to be a bug with the missions where after you complete it, your character gets deleted, this is game breaking in my opinion.The combat isn't the best, but its fun, with some polishing it could be really good.The bug/crab/aliens are cool, at night time or in the mines this game becomes a horror game, very well done on the fear aspect, lighting and everything is great. The sounds are fantastic, the giant worm shakng the ground and leaping out is horrifying, this shows me there is a lot of hope for this game and I'm eargerly awaiting its completion."
,Not Recommended,402710,33242764,Posted: 4 July,all,Exodus,"first off let me say I know I do not have much time with this game.  I have watched this game grow overtime because it was something i was interested in.  I recently wanted to try something new and picked this game up after watching some updated youtube clips (or i should say I thought were updated).  I was in for a rude awakening because the current state of the game is different than the videos i watched.In the current version you start with nothing (no robot, no gun and no habitat) which I am ok because it makes it more of a challenge.  I like the RPG spin they put on the game, but the progression is terrible especially in science.It is easy to level up engineering and combat, but science is terrible.  The other two you can level up in game while playing the game, but science you just need to grind the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of while not playing the game.  I have found myself standing next to a geyser and filling up a barrel and emptying it just to repeat the process over and over to level up science.  I cannot progress in this game right now because engineering and combat items I can build require certain science related items that I cannot build because I do not have the points and the points to move into that level are way too much.the duriability of items in the game is pathetic.  I need to craft new melee weapons all the time.  If i go into a mine I usually bring about 5 to 7 melee weapons.  If I am going to gather resources I need to bring 3 to 5 chisels.  I dont know how guns work because I do not have the science points to make guns yet.  I mean I have guns unlocked under combat, but the items required to make guns need you to have certain science attributes unlocked.resouce cost per item is terrible.  it would not be bad if it actually cost the resources that are asked, but you need to craft all those items from base materials.  the constant mining of ore to make ingots is insane especially since you can only craft one at a time.  This is so so boring.  At least give me an option to due more than one at a time.quests.  I dont know what to say.  I finished all beginning quests except locate a colony in the middle of the planet.  I did not know what to do so I just started playing the game.  I needed some rubber, so I went looking for the rubber trees.  I came across the colony.  Awesome!!  It started the quest chain again.  I went to the baldur mine.  I killed everything after burning through 5 axes.  I put the battery in the computer got the notification for completing the mission and that was it.  I have not seen a quest since that point.  I know by watching youtube another quest asks you to start the computer up and communicate with earth, but I never received that quest and I cannot do anything with the computer.  I think quests are bugged at this time.encrypted disks.  Love the idea.  I cannot use them.  I have no computer.  I need like another 120 science points to get a computer.  Have I told you how stupid it is to level up science?  I wish I could use these encrypted disks because I guess they give you free technology which I could really use some in the science tree.  I know the habitat has a laptop, but you dont start with it anymore and I can swear to the heavens I found a habitat in baldurs mine.  It is just not in my inventory.pros:immersiongraphicscons:poor missionsterrible item durabilityterrible leveling system for scienceresource cost unbalanced"
76561198186191321,Recommended,402710,32839876,Posted: 26 June,all,drate707,"Im so glad about this latest patch :D played for a bit before the patch and it felt like any other survival games ""creative"" mode except you had to get your own resources now it feels like a true ""survival"" game. instead of being handed everything on a silver platter you need to think and manage your own time and resources. its not a game to hold your hand if you want that the community can help with guides and whatnot on the hub. there still is some annoying bugs and issues(what ALPHA doesnt, especially with the newly implemented skill tree) but if you like a game where you need to really survive and its NOT easy this is a great find. one tip when making your world there is settings to make thirst and hunger easier dont be afraid to tweak to your liking till you get a grasp of the map/game concepts."
76561198109375597,Recommended,402710,25744244,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Takeo,"Good game. this game cant be compared to any onther space game. this is a unique, and wonderful game. its beautiful, and  breath taking. just looking at the sky and watching the planet your orbiting actuall exists. like other games tell you your on a planet, but you cant tell because the JPEG image some other game devs plant in the backround just sits still. but thats not the case with this game. its beautiful what the devs done with the atmosphere, and feel of the game. also alot of games devs dont really listen to our feedback but these do. i hope this game becomes the revolutionary game of the year. and i hope the devs really do read the feedback others have on suggestions and options. also hopefully we can travel to space and create space crafts to reach the other moons and planets orbiting this system. thanks devs for a game im sure everyone will love.P.S.- Hey devs, i have a suggestion. keep making improvements and make the game even more cooler than it already is. plus ive played star citizen, no mans sky, space engineers, also ark. this game goes far beyond my expectations thanks for making a game that i think is, bettter than the rest."
,Not Recommended,402710,32911372,Posted: 27 June,all,OakLand Peer,"What happened? I bought a game that i had watched online and saw as amazing and then find this garbage. FAIR WARNING: If you too were expecting a fun survival game with your robot companion (as it is advertised), you have come to the wrong place. The game that i was hoping for apparently updated and stopped existing. The number of bugs is astronomical. At spawn you are supposed to have a robot friend, tools, an inflatable dome, and so on. I tried 4 separate games and all i could find was some oxygen tanks, some bandages, and some water. No tools, not robot friend, no base. PLEASE FOR YOUR OWN SAKE EITHER WATE FOR THEM TO FINISH IT OR AVOID AT ALL COST EVEN ON SALE."
,Recommended,402710,25746281,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,sHaKeNbAkE,Immersion/visuals 10/10....best I have seen when it comes to creating sensation you are actually in a spacesuit on a strange and hostile world.  Foundation is built now all is needed is more future content.
,Recommended,402710,29830131,Posted: 10 February,all,Lady Dawn (NeedtoKnow Gaming),"This is an Early Access Report. It therefore only comments on the game's state during the time the report was made and whether or not it is enjoyable/who it will appeal to. This EAR will be revised upon the game's full release.Osiris: New Dawn is an open-world first person survival game currently in Steam Early Access. The game was launched in Early Access on Sep 28, 2016 and as of the time of this report is in Update version 1.096.https://youtu.be/NasXxdKEog4Price- $24.99; will increase as more content is added.What It Has Now--A challenge survival experience solo or with friendsIn order to survive on a hostile alien planet, you'll need to maintain your hunger, thirst, oxygen levels, and integrity of your space suit. You're given the tools necessary to do this at the start, but you'll need to develop a reliable food and water source eventually. Oxygen is restored any time you enter a structure, and you have a handy roll of tape to repair your suit when it's damaged.Weather is a factor here, but one that is more aggravating than hazardous. Rain and sandstorms cloud up the screen to the point of obscurity.  There's also the occasional meteor shower, but they're mostly harmless.There's also a night and day cycle; during the nightime hours, monsters appear in greater frequency.Setting up a private server doesn’t require port forwarding and only those who are invited can access it -- even when you’re not online.When creating a server, you can choose PvE or PvP and the region. There are also several advanced options you can use to tailor your survival experience:--For enemies, you can control hostile alien encounter frequency, their health, and their attack power. You can also control the resource yield, the resource recharge, and chances at special loot.--For the characters on your private server, you can control the rate at which your characters levels up, how much XP they received, their proficiency and how many points they’ll get per level. You also get to control the rate at which your structures degrade.Alternatively, you can hop online and play with (or against) the Osiris community. We haven’t had the chance to try the PvP as that is not an area we have experience.When you start the game, you’re spawned on one of two planets--either desert or ice--and are given a quick tutorial for the basics including: patching your suit, using the tools you receive by, default, setting up structures (in this case an impermanent housing unit), and decryption.After that, what you make of yourself is entirely up to you. You can set up a base as long as the terrain is flat enough. There isn't the ability to terraform, so you may have to travel some distance to find a place that offers some natural defenses as well as nearby resources.--CombatAs of right now, combat in Osiris is a little underwhelming. The standard pistol that you’re given barely scratches the hard outer shells of the planets alien life. You’re also given an assault rifle, but unlike the pistol it, requires ammo. The small supply you’re given dwindles down to nothing in no time and if you want to craft more, you’ll need to venture far underground -- which is quite dangerous.Melee is another option, but if an enemy is in range of you, chances are it’s breaching your suit, so you’ll suffocate faster the harder you fight.--Crafting/'BuildingOsiris does some interesting things with building.Rather than set down a complete building, you first place the framework and then craft each individual panel of, say, a biodome for cultivating plants, using additional resources. In that example, glass would be the primary ingredient.There are different stations that you can build to open up more complex recipes, including furniture, and vehicles. You can play chemist and synthesise Hydrogen and Oxygen together to make clean drinking water, Lithium to make batteries, and other realistic synergies.So long as you have the required materials in your inventory or the inventory of the station you’re using, you can craft to your hearts content.Materials include gases collected from vents, organic matter from plants and the aliens you slay, minerals mined from the earth, and fancier things like rubber, wiring, and plastic that you craft yourself.The selection isn’t huge, but what is available now is pretty awesome.What We'd Like to Have ImplementedBalancing in combat. Crab enemy has way too much armor for your crappy pistol and rests near resources necessary for survival.Weather is oftentimes too nasty to venture out of your base due to obscured vision. Sure, it's realistic of a hostile planet that cannot support life, but from a gameplay perspective, this is just aggravating.Social aspects like friends’ list, marking friend location on map, party systemAn auditory overhaul. There's no music; just the howl of wind over a barren landscape.More of everything. Building types, enemies, planets--everything. The price point is a bit high for what is available now, but the developer promises to keep adding more content..Bottom line.The planet is huge, but the building and crafting options are limited. This is a great survival game in the making, but you could do to wait for further updates before investing in this one.If this EAR helped you, please give it a thumbs-up. For more content like this one follow theNeedtoKnow Gaming Curatorpage <3"
,Recommended,402710,25745496,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Shovel Fighter,This Game is Early Access and already way better than NOMAN'S LIE!
,Recommended,402710,25759692,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Arziel1992,"Spawn.Build Dome.Look for Titanium for hours to build Habitat.Build Habitat, at night.Get jumped by big arachnoid creature.Robot companion start shooting at it.Kill it.Arachnoid buddies get angry and onslaught start.Kill them all!10/10 will♥♥♥♥♥♥my pants from the jump scare and feel like a Starship Trooper again."
76561197971274036,Not Recommended,402710,34023320,Posted: 4 August,all,Avarion,Had some potential at some point. After the devs realized that they removed the potential and made a stone age survivalon a foreign planet out of it. But you are now able to make a uranium powered forge from a couple of rocks without any tools. It's magic.
76561198137608243,Recommended,402710,30065766,Posted: 20 February,all,KillerCarcus,Really like it do recommend but dont get it now wait for later updatesAlso we need steam workshop and having a creative mode to spawnin anything and everything
,Recommended,402710,28999908,Posted: 4 January,all,T∀RDØ,"Got this with a buddy of mine, sofar my experience is only in private coop, the review should be viewed as such. I assume you know its greenlight and will have some bugs.Started out on the planet, seems like i may have been stranded since my suit is leaking O2 and i have supplies scattered around me. My buddy is nowhere to be seen, but fear not, we are only a few degrees latitude and longitude apart. A few minutes of walking later we come to a valley, one of us on either side, and start crossing to meet in the middle. All of a sudden a giant sand worm arcs out of the ground and we both scatter in panic, yelling over our microphones to GTFO. Soon after we are walking up a ridge together when a sandstorm hits, though we are but feet apart we quickly lose eachother in the dark. As the sand cleared up we saw that he had stumbled upon the motherlode, a large flat mesa ringed in all the resources we could ever want, and not a baddie in sight. We get to it, gathering resources, gathering the necessities for survival and surveying our surroundings. We both found the experience to be very immersive and felt compelled to explore more. From the little bit I've seen of this planet I am nothing but optimistic about seeing more.The only bugs that I found to be problematic or gamebreaking:You cannot reset or erase a private server after creating one and you cannot remove another players (ie, your first character on the map) buildings. This has already been acknowledge by the dev and should have a solution soon.Enemies have killed me from outside of my structure while I've been in the center of my hab, I doubt that's the intent so it should also be fixed soon (or already if this review is old)Get. This. Game."
,Recommended,402710,25770606,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,T-Dog,Matt Damon simulator looks pretty great11/10 would build a spaceship to save him again
76561198017597298,Recommended,402710,25773475,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Markov219,ok... so first time out i make the forge no problem then i go exploring for magnesium to further the game i see giant bright purple plants... i walk slowly down the hill having killed a four legged alien minutes before as it charged me the camera begins to shake i stop and look around trying to figure out what it was when i focuesed the camera directly in front of me i saw it coming out of the ground like a giant mongolian death worm sprouted out of the ground and soared at me kand all i could do was stand there and think oh sh#! im dead! that looks awesome! yep very dead... morale of the story dont go for the giant purple plants its a friggin trap! lol
76561197966919186,Recommended,402710,25791164,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,atheist2411,its got some problems.. over all good game....
76561198010934806,Recommended,402710,25805097,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Gilliganxl,"What can about I say about this? It's pretty amazing. A survival game set in a scifi enviroment. While early acces, the Devs seem to be very responsive to bug reports. 3 patches within 2 days of early release to fix some very annoying bugs and adding vehicles."
,Recommended,402710,25822932,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Lupin K,"I like it so far. It's fun, it has a good pace, there's a lot of good potential here. I can see where this is headed and I like it. It just needs a few updates, and it'll be even better. But that's what early access is for, right? Seeing where it needs to improve and making it better."
,Recommended,402710,25881287,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Texelate,"Still in Early Access and is already more fun than No Mans Sky. I've played for only half an hour and already like it. The planet feels alive and my struggle already feels real.My only complaint is that there isn't any SLI support yet. But given it's still Early Access, that seems acceptable."
76561198042868490,Recommended,402710,25890065,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,thedrew34,"This game may still be buggy because it is early access, but there is already plenty to do and keep you busy.  The team releases patches quite often and new features are going in all the time.  I have already gotten more satisfaction out of 2 hours of this game than 10 of No Man's Sky.  Yes, there is a lot of walking in the beginning, but there are ground vehicles, which can store stuff, and you can build storage and have your little bot mine for you.  It's a grind, but very bearable.  Can't wait to see what's next."
76561197988461977,Recommended,402710,25899318,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Anton Chigurh,"This game is amazing Wow just Wow. If you like gathering survival games that give you an amazing feeling well Osiris is the one for you. Tons of more content will be added, this game will be one of the best on steam !(Couple of bugs but of course they will be fixed, this game has just been released on Early Access)"
,Recommended,402710,25905867,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,XxKINxX,"It is basically like any other normal survival game out there. You start off with a breach in your suit which you must duct tape it up so it is good. From there you run around and gather material to build stuff while also attempting to defend yourself against aliens if you set the settings. You are completely surrounded by a desert of sand and the area you will mostly play in is more or less like a island. There are some good space features and with the aliens it is pretty cool.However, that is all it is. You basically build everything and explore the same areas to obtain the material while trying to kill off the aliens that may attack you. Online is neat, only with friends! The reason why is because you have a limit of structures and everything else which completly ruins it for those who would like to play with others. You wont even be able to build the very first thing you need to save which is highly disappointing. From that, public games are a NO GO! Going into private you will most likely end up playing with yourself or a few handful of friends and end up bored once everything is built.I would still recommend the game to those that want a different take on survial games but thats about it. Once you build everything thats basically it, unless you want to ride through the sands of the desert to find nothing."
,Recommended,402710,25915956,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Dr.Bear,"Game nya asik sih cuman masi perlu banyak penambahan fitur fiturnya. buat crafting nya ok,aliennya juga sadis.buat segi negatifnya : server nya masi sering rada ngekick gitu gatau kenapa sama ping masi sekitaran 306. tapi game lancar kok cuma awal aja rada lagkalo emang ga hobi game jalan jalan ngumpulin bahan mending gause beli. tapi kalo emg jiwa survival silahkan dibeli gan :D"
76561198302132216,Recommended,402710,25917096,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,phillipsandrew198,this game is amazing i will be playing this to the finish
76561198312448497,Recommended,402710,25917799,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,cavatina,"This game has a lot of potential. The basic concept, graphics, and music/sounds are excellent. The developers are putting daily effort into making improvements.I think this game is conflicted between a FPS game and a building technology survival game. Even if you don't get killed by aliens while hunting for minerals you can also run out of food/water.  I've been attacked by an alien while organizing minerals at the forge and gathering gas with multiple barrells on hand. In short, there is a lot going on.One suggestion would be to streamline some of the controls.  The less time spent with your back to the aliens the better.1. There could be controls for the droid rather having to go right up to it to give it commands. The droid could also be much more capable in combat.2. Items should not have to be transferred to your backpack to craft but could also be in the nearby depository, forge etc. Transferring the items is time-consuming and can make the astronaut encumbered. Try fighting off aliens withencumbrance at 150%.3. Travelling while encumbered is inevitable when gathering resources.The save game system needs an overhaul. When the astronaut dies the game doesn't revert to the last save, the player has to recover the dead body. Sometimes the dead body cannot be recovered (eg. in the middle of brambles) and then all of the inventory items are lost forever. I'm not a fan of losing time that I already put in. It seems that if aliens attack you near the inflatible dome and kill you, they attack you again when you restart unless you can kill them.All that being said, I'm confident that over the next year the developers will look at all of these comments and make significant improvements."
76561198009285459,Recommended,402710,25837241,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Wrede,"The product alone is very impressive so far, and with the dev team's constant updates and brilliant communication, I could not be more excited about the future of this game.Will write in-depth review as game continues to develope. In the meantime, it's well worth the money and I dare you not to be excited by what's to come, once you try out this gem."
76561198113062165,Recommended,402710,25926731,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,HamDawg,"Spent 8 hours on game, did everything available. This is my story....Named droid Alfred.Built stuff.Eaten by giant space worm.Tortured by 'Humanoid arachnoids' and 'infant giants', lose all guns.Built♥♥♥♥♥♥Found a cave with diamond and built more.Found bunker, no way in.Built more.Built vehicles.(Hover bike is the funnest)Get bored and realise everything stops 2,000 metres from start point.Go to space and realise nothing is as fun as it sounds.Get out and check out a space station hologram?Feels amazingly real.Go home.Decided to fly 10,000 metres away from anything and fly out of atmosphere.Osiris is gone.Can't find way home.Stuck in an endless void.10/10 Matt Daemon and Sandra Bullock simulator 2016.*update the game with the♥♥♥♥♥♥tonnes of sales you've got please, adult giants and more stuff please. like using the gas containers*"
76561198103373944,Recommended,402710,25957758,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,somethingsexual,"13.2 hours in a just barely over a week. I spent 13.2 hours of my life so far on this planet. I have been eaten by giant versions of worms, spiders, gnats, crabs, ostritches?, beatles, centipedes, shinier quicker centipedes, turtles, weirder slow spiders, and plain old parasites. I have spent hours at a time looking for a sinlge mineral needed to create something i have no use for. After failing several quizzes and tests this week because my mind was occupied calculating how many more resources I need to build every thing i can, I have realized this game consumed me. If you were as dissapointed in No Mans Sky as my last S/O was with me in bed, then look no further. This game is even more than I already imagined and its only in the earliest stages. Now stop reading, nut up, and get eaten by a giat worm like the rest of us."
,Recommended,402710,25970127,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Freaky,"First off this game looks amazing, feels amazing and plays out to be amazing. It is an alpha so there are very limited things to do and to build etc. I have technically completed it in less than 10 hours. I have reached the stage where I get a caution message that I can no longer build anything as I have reached the maximum build allowed on my planet. Hopefully the next update will add a lot more to do, as now I have no clue what to do anymore apart from make a new planet and start over. Either way this game is going to be probably one of the best survival/space/crafting games out there when it is fully completed."
76561198078132104,Recommended,402710,26011965,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Cobebus Caboose,"Love this game! Very very cool. But.....it would be better if the creatures would randomly spawn in the world instead of always spawn in the same place. And for some reason in privet multiplayer games getting XP doesn't work. I've been stuck at level 1 with 30xp for almost five hours of game play. And it works fine in single player, so.......PLEASE FIX!!! Other then that YES I would recommend this game to anyone!"
76561198038070868,Recommended,402710,26016525,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Jihadi Kermit,Great game
76561198171530349,Recommended,402710,26042004,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Legendary_zotar,"Its a amazing game with a amazing idea!, with every update making it better!, keep up the good work :)"
,Recommended,402710,26044683,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,P_Dusty,"Game with good potential, but be warned. Contains lots of bugs, and only about 10 -15hrs of gameplay. I played on a private server, alone, and had everything built after about 10 hours. After that, there was just exploring left, and that's not much. Food, water and oxygen isn't fully implemented, neither is fuel or the ability to grow food. The game has huge potential tho, and I will definately be visiting it again."
76561198015632320,Recommended,402710,25773222,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,GuyverGamingtv,"Fun and beautiful game, Runs fairly well for early access, some annoying problems but this is what you expect from a game still in development. cant wait to see more of the content, a lot of gathering and exploring to be done but thats what makes it fun and a bit challenging. dont want everything within 2 hours of playing. think ARK in space. or even subnautica.highly recomend if you are looking for a different type of survival game. something out of this world.will be reviewing in full on my youtube channel soon."
,Recommended,402710,25773355,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,CrazyACE,"Game has a lot of potential but WAYYY too many bugs. I spent way too much time searching and gathering resources just to find out that the hallways dont work, laboratory isn't functional or says i need to put up panels when all the panels are put up, and other nuisances. Once they patch some things up, clean up the gameplay, and add additional content, it will be a great game"
76561197984176101,Recommended,402710,25773697,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,b00st3d,"I'm enjoying this game.  From reading through the reviews, I think everyone dies from the giant worm the first time you see it.  Not because it's hard to avoid but because you see it come out of the ground a mile a way and just stop and stare...No way he'll make it to me...Now I know what it's like to be worm food."
76561198009769143,Recommended,402710,25774111,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Ascartes,"Pretty fun so far, I enjoy the building system, though some of the audio is way too loud."
76561198168424558,Recommended,402710,25802102,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Dante,"Flew to the blue planet with the rings. Took me 25 minutes in real time. I knew the planet would be fresh without any ai or elements, just wanted to win the space race. 10/10 would do it again."
76561198062580571,Recommended,402710,25809508,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,HowNowPunCow,"Still needs a lot of work. Basic things like hitting mineral deposits don't have appropriate hitboxes. You'll be sitting and swinging at a rock for a good few minutes just trying to get the last bits. Graphics are good, but you can spend 20 minutes walking in a direction and find nothing but sand. Nice work on the sandworms. Scared the mess out of me on first encounter. I would suggest watching a tutorial prior to playing. A lot of the game's items have features that are not implimented yet."
,Recommended,402710,25831795,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,sollaris86,"So far this is pretty good. It's early access so the content isn't all there yet, but it has lots of potential. Coop has issues with server timing out, that is to be expected until they get the funding to add more servers."
76561198129178751,Recommended,402710,25880743,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,LAPoint90,"It's a very Good game and also very ambitious , hopefully they can put sound on some of the vehicles that does not have engine or rev up sound , and one more thing is that they can fix a bit more of the optimization to graphics because at the places where there are Huge rock mountains and places with geysers it becomes a bit laggy but for the most part of the game it is playable and very good ,  just those parts is a bit laggy."
,Recommended,402710,25894134,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,SS-Obergruppenführer ™,Really good game. Developers are always working on new patches and resently fixed resolution!
76561198064811539,Recommended,402710,25904265,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Arctic The Wolf,Great game in opinion. Needs some work to get there but definitly has the core feel of the game in.
76561198153863009,Recommended,402710,25915494,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Grypus,"So the thing is that when you build the habitat I cannot line up the habitat and the airlock and its kind of irritating, aside from that its a great game"
,Recommended,402710,25926362,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,JiveDino,"Fantastic game so far, Couldn't be happier to see it grow. The Devs are working hard to update the game and it shows! Can't wait to see whats in store for the future"
,Recommended,402710,25798263,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Gamestudio,I like this game.  building  and protection from aliens.
,Recommended,402710,25811198,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,CasualSnypr,"Great game! Great graphics! This game is early access and when playing it, it almost feels like a complete game. Looking forward to future updates."
,Recommended,402710,25832364,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Reaper,"For a survival game, Osiris: New Dawn is pretty spooky. Walking around at night is terrifying once you know what's out thereThe game feels polished, and it is definitely playable in it's current state. The scale and density of everything is amazing, and it all runs so well. I can see this game becoming something really cool, where you and your friends can build a massive colony and defend it from pirates and all those creepy♥♥♥♥♥monsters."
,Recommended,402710,25841199,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Weeping_Gremlin,"The game is still in early access at the time of this review 03/10/16.It currently has a lot of things missing or not working, such as non-functional build-ables and glitchy gameplay, but it definitely has the foundations to be a truly awesome game.Visuals are great,Creatures are awesome,Sandworms are proper Dune style,Models are pretty cool."
76561198046726245,Recommended,402710,25847093,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,KaKarot( Supreme),"I have never seen such a fascinating Giant Worm leaping out of storm to suprise me so much...Very great potential Game, intersting third person Camer View, Visual is excellent, Gameplay is smooth and felxible, Movements are not clunky. Gunplay is also good I give it Average. bt since its a an early access, there are lots of obvious bugs and glitch, bt I dont mind, They can add more content in future, more building structures,items, more interesting place and planets, and also by any chance.if They can give a storyline would be ♥♥♥♥ing awesome"
,Recommended,402710,25872057,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,[TsPub] PhysiksTV,"The game is a terrific idea, being a fan of most post-apo games like DayZ and Miscreated, it was about time that my other fav genre, space, was mixed in.  I recommend those who like space orientated DayZ to try this game out.  It has alien life, massive system and sexy grafx.  a ShauntriC Stream worthy game!"
76561198152544095,Recommended,402710,25881194,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,BlizzardKhaos,This is what a space crafting/survival game is suppose to be. It's what No Man's Sky can never be and will never get close to being as amazing as this game is. If you love Subnautica then this is for you but in SPAAAAACE!
,Recommended,402710,25886742,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,[907G] SpaceWatermelon,Pros:Base buildingJump scaresMatt DamonSppaaaacceeeGiant sand wormsCons:Giant space worms10/10
76561198060827578,Recommended,402710,25892617,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Space Frog,A very neat game! I see great things with lots of potential here on this one!
76561197970534805,Recommended,402710,25914178,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,BoNeMacHiNe,"Awesome game. Even in Early Access, it is awesome to play,  and stable. Well done!"
,Recommended,402710,25927121,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Sonic Horizon,"Early access review - 08-10-2016 :""You are left, damaged, on a red world, your spacesuit is leaking oxygen... and there's a rock type 4 legged crab homing in on you.  You panic, you run... you get away, you find that you have a inflatable dome in your inventory aswell as a gun and an assult rifle.  You deploy the dome, it's safe, serene, you can save, you start to build.""This game is very much for the Ark: Survival Evolved lover.  Resources are scarce, you have to walk, explore, wander, shoot and its quite clever how it leads you into more advanced crafting (by having a simple series of missions to start with).The graphics for the game at the moment are really very good, and the controls are well thought out.Expect the grind to be strong in single player, its not for the faint of heart or for those with short attention spans.At this early stage the game has a fair amount of content to keep you busy.The crafting of habitats is nice, able to select different types of walls from standard walls, to windowed walls and the alike.  It appears that modular construction is strong with this game and I for one like that idea alot.  Being able to almost customise the colour and paint schemes is nice, but to have a different choice of external wall over 8 segments?  Thats awesome!The planet(s) feel vast, massive, even more so than No Man's Sky and the thought of being able to find all the resources you need, daunting but you must press on.Tedium will set in, as it always does with survival or early access games but this one... has drawn me back over and over since I bought it and I hope as the regular updates come that I will be in for a treat on how this game evolves and is changed by the studio.   If you want Ark in space, then buy this game and support its development, and hope it actually leaves early access.7/10"
76561198162594102,Recommended,402710,25927860,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Hard Dabbing,This game is awesome realy funn with friends
76561197999884264,Recommended,402710,25959269,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,E-WIG,"If you like ""the forest"", then you will like this.  This game is pushing boundaries like alot of these new sandbox early alpha release games.  If you leave bad reviews on the forum of a pre alpha early released game made by a team of no more than single digits that you willing purchased after reading the warning label that comes with every early released game then you need to step back from the keyboard and realize how stupid you are."
76561198126083044,Recommended,402710,25975001,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,diuran42,"Early access review, 19 hours in game.This game plays fairly well and there's a lot of potential.  Yes, there are some bugs, clipping issues, etc, but the game succeeds in reaching the imagination.  I don't mind tough games, so enjoyed the challenge of figuring out how to play.  It took me about three hours to realize the jet pack works tons better if tools/weapons are holstered.  Some resources are tough to find and you aren't able to make beacons ahead of time (game's version of map waypoints, but actual items you stick in the ground).  I learned landmarks instead (eg: go to the O2 vents and the hydrogen vents are visible, magnesium can be found near there, follow indicator back to base).Needs a lot of fleshing out, but I like the starting point and am looking forward to future updates.edit:  One month and 57 hours of game time...  Game is slowly evolving.  Some bugs corrected, some game mechanics changed and plenty more to be changed on the horizon.  Still recommend, though first play through new players may want to select ""no aliens"" when configuring the game and adjust after learning the basics.Update:  91 hours in game....  Not a fan of some recent changes.  Don't mind the map changes as much as the resource changes.  Very difficult to find what you need now.  Don't get me started on now being required to make ""primitive"" structures before you can build regular structures.  Game still has promise, but dev's are taking the scenic route getting there."
,Recommended,402710,26012256,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,KuntaoDaChump,"Great graphics, great animations, and great game all together. I love this video game. Alot DDD:"
,Recommended,402710,25773657,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Kuroyukihime,"A very promising No Man's Sky planet exploration done right at its very early stage. Just imagine what it will become once the game is completed. Hopefully.The game has a lot of improvements to do as well as adding more features to be more player friendly and engaging. I can see myself playing this again with friends for hours on end in the near future.My recommendation says a fantastic yes because I wanted to show my support, a bit of reminder however, the game is in Early Access expect bugs, slow downs, stuck in a quest kind of problems along the away. As for my experience however, the only bug I've come across is having a hard time mining the right spot for a node. Everything else worked perfectly as they should~Would provide a proper review once the game is completed. Looking forward to it!"
,Recommended,402710,25774778,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,selvarion,I love this game i have some gripes about the melee range with aliens but as far as general gameplay for a alpha this is beautiful. i like how the map is static you can write down points you like or need and actually find them again. so glad that i seen this on youtube the day after its release i thought this had been out for a longer time for the functionality to be this smooth. 9.5 of 10 here guys look forward to seeing it get even better.
76561198049724571,Recommended,402710,25833203,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Tritler (Davidson),"By the amount of hours I have put in the game in only two weeks you should now I love this game. Even in alpha its one of the most beautiful looking games. If we were to compare it to other games it would go like this.Mining comes close to Ark.Crafting is like Ark.Combat comes close to Ark.Map so far (keep in mind there WILL be other planets to explore) is big and feel like Ark.Building, however. Is something I am not familiar with. To explain it in short. Gather the materials and create WHOLE structures. Not creating layouts and such. The buildings are already pre-built.Vehicles are easy to control and fun to drive. They are also EXTREMELY helpful.Enemies are easy and hard to kill. And they will also be tamable in the future.Leveling system is not fleshed out. And I honestly did not expect it to be. This is a pre-alpha game after all. But it absolutely shows promise.This game is kinda like Ark but futuristic. And I absolutely love it. And for me it actually runs better than Ark. Lets talk about what you can do in the game at the current build. So far you can mine resources, craft, build your base, hunt creatures, get eaten by a huge♥♥♥♥♥worm (play the game to find out), build vehicles, explore the beautiful map, traverse a tunnel (big map but only one tunnel. More will be added) and explore space. Now this IS a space game. Think of the Martian and Interstellar I guess. You can go to space if you build the space ship. But you cannot fly to other planets yet. The devs are extremely active and are always trying to track down bug and update the game. This is by far one the best pre-alpha experience I have ever had with a pre-alpha game. And I know that it will continue to be even more amazing.Now to the future of this game. We will be able to explore other planets (not sure if we will travel to other systems but I SO hope we will), make more vehicles, make more strutures and more. I cannot say more than the goals that I think the Devs are shooting for. I am sure they are always open for suggestions. But let me set a scene of what could come of this game if the devs go in the direction I think MOST of the players and devs are hoping for... You are the leader of an exploration team on a outter moon. Your days are filled with Exploring the moon, gather rare materials and making sure the rest of your exploration team are able to help. One day as you are exploring a cave you here a loud screech from far down the cave. You pull your weapons out and form a round formation. Checking top see if whatever you heard was close. Moments later after complete silence you here the screech break the deafening silence. You see the creature break from the wall to your left. You and your men open fire, hoping to take down the beast which put fear into your heart. It screams in pain as you and your men unloac on it. It finally falls and you can take a breath. After you make sure everyone is okay another screech comes from the cave. And another and another and another. You and your men turn around and sprint toward the way you came in. You can hear them behind you running towards you. You make it out and jump in the G.A.V (a six wheeled weaponized vehicle that is building in the current build of the game) Aim the turret at the hole and wait. As they start pouring out you open fire. You take a few but there are too many and decide to retreat. Your base is about 1700 meters away. As you speed across the surface of the moon you make sure the gunner is taking as many as possible. You radio to people left at the base crafting and tell them to make sure the ship is fueled. As you get back to your base you jump out and get all the materials you collected. You jump in the space ship and make sure everyone is ready. You get out of there as fast as you can. A few moments later you are orbiting a the moon. And this is just a small part of what can happen in this beautiful game. And it will come one day.Now lets get into the pros and cons.Pros-Great building-Great resource gathering (almost every resource is close or thats how I have had it)-Crafting things is quick and there is no time limit on building-Creatures are easy to kill but can take a while depending on the creature-Vehicles are fun to drive and also easy to drive-Map is big but not too big-Exploration is fun-The world is beautifulCons-Not a lot of structures to build-Not a lot of resources-Bugs (buts thats to be expected with a pre-alpha game)-Not all buildable structures are usable.-Only one vehicles is not buildable which is the mech. I am sure it will be buildable soon though.-Multiplayer is buggy atm. Will be fixed soon I expect.TL;DR As of now it is a great game. Bugs are obvious. Devs are always trying to fix bugs and update the game. Its a sci fi game that is done amazingly well. The Martian simulator mixed with Interstellar simulator. There is killing monsters, mining, crafting, vehicles, base building and exploring.I will rate this game 7.5/10. Not because it is bad. But because this is just the beginning. The tip of the spear. And remember. After the tip it only gets better ;)"
76561197984112542,Recommended,402710,25881102,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Briosh,"• Good atmosphere and the monsters are actually scary.• The crafting mechanics are simple to understand.• You don't have to eat every 2 seconds like a zombie bunny in other games! In fact, you don't have to eat for hours.• Gathering doesn't feel like a chore as in other games altough I'd love to see some shortcuts - at least let the robot teleport to the player if too far.• Graphics are pretty.• Combat is simple yet satisfying. Still, there's plenty of space for improvement. Like maybe dodging.Very few Early Access games look so promising. The developers upload updates almost every other day which builds trust, that the game will eventuallyl be finished."
,Recommended,402710,25917715,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Noix,"Greetings..Mission Details:Day 1: My adult mags burnt up in the crashDay 2: Found Another person, thought planet had no lifeDay 3: Took a dump to make foodDay 4: Blew up Biodome trying to make gasDay 5: My new friend Died from Giant WormDay 6: My G.A.V. decided to some how break logic and fall though the ground. >.>Day 7: OMG FOUND A SPACE STATION!. Logic broken when i found out i could pass thought the Steel. >.>Day 8: That same friend who died from Giant Worm, Return to my Base ... Dont askDay 9: Stupid robot got lost again (this has been a repeat)Day 10: Some how my Food and Water seem to replace/renew itself inside my ContainerDay 11: Found out that Atri and Nintendo combine in my barrics to play games (still havent found a way)Mine... Mine... Mine.. Run from Giant Worm.. Kill alien bugs... Thats all i do..Ride.... Ride... Ride... Ride my hover bike... jump in my G.V.A ... OMG now i can flyPros:Awesome game.. beats ""No Mans lies""Cons:Still too new.. will get better then that other game ""No Mans Lies""Personally i enjoy the game so far, 4 days in the game (game time not real time) and already built everything. still entertaining a bit... G.V.A and Space ship are fun."
,Recommended,402710,25774201,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Argenteus,"Much like the Asgard opinion of the Taree in the early seasons of Stargate SG1, this has great potential.It is early access, they are releasing hotfixes, things should improve. That said, give it a week? I got it on release day.Currently, no 16:10 support. :("
76561198048433122,Recommended,402710,25775069,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Adreden,So far its quite fun. I have to play more for the deeper content.
,Recommended,402710,25775892,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Darkvoid,Having only played very little of the game it shows great potential with a decent amount of content considering i'm playing this the following day and they already have fixed a huge amount of bugs so I so far will give it about a 7/10 it has a great frame work lets hope this turns in to  the game that no man's sky should have been
76561198007503248,Recommended,402710,25783885,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Darcy,Dune + Starship Troopers + Early Star Trek era tech = awesome> Crops> Vehicles> Weapons> Modular building system w different buildings> Marketed as Early Access - expect a few bugs> VERY active devs - they are acknowledging/fixing bugs quickly> Solid gameplay at this stage> Content is a little limited - but it will still provide hours of fun> Private Servers + Public Universe servers activeother devs take note: these guys are a shining beacon for how you engage with your community properly
76561198064661257,Recommended,402710,25783929,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Satanous,Very immersive and fun game. by far the most polished early access game ive played. Reminds me of subnautica in space
76561198031441716,Recommended,402710,25802809,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,[NOPE] Sigvar,"I dont have much time in to the game yet but I am recommending this game based on the experience so far. The graphics are beautiful, the environment is very active with weather and creatures and active landforms like gas vents.The game has been stable on the shared machine we use which is new and runs at just under 60 fps.I love that you cannot just jump in and have everything that you need to survive right at your fingertips, Exploration is a must if you wish to progress! Also you do not have to worry about starvation right off and eating and finding food every ten minutes IS NOT a thing nor do you need to eat 6 deer sized animals to fill your nutrition bar. Updates are frequent and the devs are in touch with the community.Beautiful to look at and fun to play and the curent price is fair (24.99 at writing)Worth a buy if you like being part of the ""EA"" community."
75647536432564235,Recommended,402710,25809047,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Touched Muppet,"I don't leave reviews often (this is my first..), I haven't played for hours on end (yet) and it's in early access, BUT.....Osiris is like a cold steak on your black eye after being F***ed in the face by Sean Murray.Love your work, keep it upI will be following this game all the way to the top."
76561197980987195,Recommended,402710,25821182,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,EndOfDays,No complaints! early access is very functional and in a few days theyv'e patched 4 or 5 times! I will update as time goes but this definetly combines Space Engineers and ARK for an awesome experience!
,Recommended,402710,25824754,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,/\CSGO500,"I have barely played this game, and I can already say this is what No Man's Sky should have been."
76561198076414610,Recommended,402710,25849302,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Big Wumpus,Very enjoyable for people who like Ark Survival Evolved and generally space games. Just a fun space survival sim and I can't wait for more updates!
76561198060029528,Recommended,402710,25888176,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,AllDaCptCrunch,"The game is amazing and although the game still has many issues the fact that there has been this many updates in such a short time(I believe there has been one very 2-3 days) shows that the devs really care about making the game and our experience playing and helping them further build this game amazing. I highly look forward to this game in the comming months and will continue to play it. As of right now you start on a moon a mars like moon, you can already fly into space to explore and I cant wait till they add more planets. After the disgust with no mans sky I had little hope when I first heard of this game however the game is truly amazing and with constant updates it will continue to be a Gem."
,Recommended,402710,25888708,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,MrMoore,This game is amazing! Having to travel so far for materials is annoying for things like hydrogen and diamond. Also I found a cave entrance but the doors don't open xD is there another entrance? Definitely recommend buying this game as it is a challenge to survive. :D
76561198106830909,Recommended,402710,25904237,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Rho,Stupid giant worm.10/10 would get eaten alive again.
,Recommended,402710,25918158,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,fallenangel7677,"i like this game a lot its pretty awesome, me and my husbend play multiplayer and everytime we close the game it deletes everything we built we dont even have the inflatable domes anymore, other then that i tried to put it where there where no aliens so my daughter could play and  she couldn't mine anything."
,Recommended,402710,25958843,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,jstreet,"This game has good mechanics and graphics, which provide for a good amount of gameplay. Obviously since the game is in early access, every mechanic needs some tweaking. But the devs are already fixing many issues; it seems like a good team."
,Recommended,402710,25966019,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,MTskier,"Overall a very good start to a game. I played it co-op with a friend and after about 8 hours of play we had made it to the end game. This is very much only a start to a game though. A good start, but not much beyond that. It looks as though the devs are very involved and i hope that the rest of the game turns out as well as the first 8 hours did.Keep up the good work dev team, I'll be watching (and hopefully playing) in ernest."
,Recommended,402710,25968932,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,MasterMarioMX,"Continuar escribiendoAs for now, it's awesome! Unlike No Man's Sky, This game doesn't try to hide it's more of a beta and it seems to go for a greater direction.But anyways, to the gameplay at the moment of writing.It has even Greater Emphasis than survival than in it, as you got take care of your suit, your needs and your oxygen.It also has mekas a la Xenoblades, cars and even a helper robot to help you to carry stuff!AND also has a greater emphasis on Kombat® =P as it also has optional fight with all aliens at day and obligatory survival at night. You can melee everything that isn't gargantuan sized, or blast it with your weapons of choice from an infinite pistol to an assault rifle or a sniper rifle, provided you build them in the first place.Writing of which, there's a building system that it's quite intricate, and it's great as it let's you build your space colony as you see fit. But the survival element really makes it hard as it already hard from the start to gather materials as you keep going on. Lucky for you, there are repices for things that make it easier for you to keep track of where it's certain ingredient and whatnot...provided you survive! and it even let's you customize your builds!awesome!As you can see, this game is not for everyone, but for one that likes a survival game that is not that easy (provided you don't touch the difficulty sliders) I recommend it!Plus it's has nice graphics and a cool track for the mood!And since it's early access it's just gonna get More AWESOME!And Unlike No Man's Sky.......... IT HAS MULTIPLAYER!now try to beat that!"
76561198015369967,Recommended,402710,25987115,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Lupus,"Greate early access game. The Fenix Fire team is working hard on the game. My compliments. There is as of yet little to do (not that much content), but it has much potential. User interface is easy to learn.At the moment you gather some resources, build a small base, mostly non-functional: solar panels do nothing, biodome does nothing, computer-desk (upgrade console) does nothing. Just about the only thing that works is the bed, chemical desk and fabricator where the last two are used to construct vehicles. Hoverbike is great, spaceship allows the user to enter the upper-atmosphere, but as far as I can tell nothing else.But imaging where this game can go... interstellar, spaceports, MMORPG but also more on one planet: full diversity bio environment, extensive base builder: fences, floodlights, (auto)turrets do defend. The concept in this game is detailed to begin with; you have to build a kitchen to cook raw meat, oxygen generator, water purification. To get soil you need sand and waste (not in the game yet). Just to give an insight in the idea of this game, lots of potential. Hope the company will keep adding content. Recommended for any open-world player who understands the concept of early access and do not whine about a glitch or a lost item every now and then."
,Recommended,402710,25761189,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Guru,"While my time in this game is currently limited, my experience has been positive. There are some multiplayer bugs that are pretty irritating, but the game as a whole is enjoyable, absolutely massive (spent far too long looking for the ""invisible wall"" that I was so positive would pop up somewhere. It didn't.), and ultimately just plain fun."
,Recommended,402710,25766661,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Cofresi,Really impressed with this game! The graphics are amazing . The frame rate runs awesome! The enviroment makes you really feel like your there and the aliens look like the put great work into there design.  This is a must have for any loving this genre. Really enjoyed play this so far. Highly recommend you purchase this game!
,Recommended,402710,25915469,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Lord Beno,Basement Approved.
,Recommended,402710,25944938,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Phenom,"Hi, Overall I think you got a real gem here. I hope that you can leave and explore the universe in the final product. Done all I can for now, hope to see some real changes soon. Only negative would be that there is that multiplayer lags heavily but im sure that will get sorted out asap."
76561197985250924,Recommended,402710,25962722,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,AnimeSensei22,"Make no mistake.  This game is very Alpha.  Lots of things do not work yet.  Xp, schematics for building stuff, materials not available.  Plenty of bugs to boot such as clipping, monsters spawning in the sky, broken color palettes, and more.With this said, this game has serious potential.  The vehicles look awsome and ride awsome (the space ship is kinda goofy foot but the rest are gtg.)  The monsters, especially at night, are a true terror.  I was able to fly in space and it was awsome.  (Nothing really to do up there yet but I can't wait.)  Graphics are very nice.I will revist this game again after more content comes out.Best thing I like about this game: The weather effects are spot on!!!  Very nicely done.Worst thing I hate about this game: Until you get vehicles, you move slow as balls and can't carry much.If you like survival games, this is one to pick up for the collection.Please note there is no tutorial at this time so it just throws you to the wolves.Happy Hunting."
,Recommended,402710,25974977,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,FatMan Camper,"This is one of the best games ive ever played, and it is early-acces! I cant wait for the new things to be added! You should definetly buy this game!"
76561198217454039,Recommended,402710,26218405,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,joshuadsewell,"just really started getting into pc games, making the switch over after many years of contimplation.  might i say that it is games like this that are making me convert over.  there is alot of potential here.  even on my crappy computer with the graphics scaled down i get a emmersion that is really intence.   i feel alone, frightened and scared... good job on that, love the horresque feeling.  im getting ready to upgrade my system so that i have a computer that will do this game right, and i cant wait for that."
,Recommended,402710,25921102,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Nunu,"Decent game in its current state, cant wait for more stuff to be added, space isnt exactly amazing as there is nothing to do up there, hopefully this gets expanded soon."
76561198031689858,Recommended,402710,25965220,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,heathcliffe_1,Great Game with a lot of potential and the content it does currently have feels very polished and works well.  I have backed many early release games in the past to be massively dissapointed however this is far from it. Recomend playing it co-op with a friend as gathering resources can be time consuming if there is two of you this speeds up this process a lot.If you like the look of it go for it! its a decent game just dont expect everything. I have been told there is about 40 hrs worth of content which i can believe probably a bit less with two people playing mind.
76561197999562823,Recommended,402710,26049998,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Blakirian,Would recommend.
,Recommended,402710,25770744,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Azrael,"Early access, oh boy. I can't speak for the developmental future of this game, EA has been a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ gamble for a while now. However, for what is already in the game and considering the price, I can say it's worth the gamble. I'm not sure if the Mechs, tanks, and space stuff is in the game yet, but either way for $25 I am satisfied with the purchase. If you are not incredibly naive to the realities of early access, I highly recommend it at face value."
,Recommended,402710,25773803,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Aykollin,Started Coop Private Universe. Joined in ran across the sand!!! Was eaten by a giant Sandworm who appeared from the glorious Heaven Above. I was later met (15 minutes) by my friend spent 15 minutes trying to make our tent and figure how to become a team!! Joined teams went scavaging eaten 4 times again by a a GIANT SandWorm From heaven.....   Conclusion maybe some bugs but if you liked ARK and online Survival its a MUST HAVE!!!!                     STEAM SALE = :)    :)
,Recommended,402710,25846098,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,beau-v.c,Chilled out game with a lot of potential.
76561198182802313,Recommended,402710,25862552,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Muricaball,Matt Damon simulator 2016
,Recommended,402710,25887955,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,[YMH] Fiz,Games off to a really great start!
,Recommended,402710,25957761,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,archenemies666,"The bit I've played of this is what No Man's Sky should have been.   It reminds me of Ark in space, but fun...Unlike No Man's Refund...  Great game for an early access game!"
,Recommended,402710,25959072,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,أنا خبير اكتواري في الوقت الراهن,"I had a lot of fun building my base. It's buggy, but it's in alpha right now. I'm recommending this on the assumption that bugs will be ironed out, and features will be added in later. It looks like it's heading down a great track right now."
,Recommended,402710,25962777,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,CastVenus,"Edit: after a little more playtime , there are certainly one or two issues that have to be seriously worked out.fuuuuuuuu , wow I have to agree with all of it : (and thats only 5 hours in!)>absolutely yes, its subnatuica on a barren dry planet> yes its the movie 'The Martian' come to gaming almost.even hell yes, this IS the game no mans sky should have been (and i enjoyed no mans sky a bit)ive even heard stuff about being able to get to space, if thats true then damn, one of the best survival games ive seen lately"
76561197991310426,Recommended,402710,25975906,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Al Mustaneer,Matt Damon simulator.
76561198116685857,Recommended,402710,26010999,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Newf411,Great game but at its current state gets old after about 17 hours.  Its potential is through the roof and is a game I will be keeping an eye on.  Keep in mind that I have not played multiplayer and have only kept to the single player portion.  I would recommend this game in its current state because if the DEV keep pushing out content this could be a fun ride.
,Recommended,402710,25773983,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,godofwar211,"First few paragraphs are rants; Review is at the bottom""This Early Access game is not complete and may or may not change further. If you are not excited to play this game in its current state, then you should wait to see if the game progresses further in development.""Why Early Access?“Osiris: New Dawn is a really big, ambitious game and we are a very small team. Gathering feedback from a larger base of players will help us understand what's working, what needs improvement and, most importantly, make sure the game is enjoyable on every level.”You might ask yourself why I am quoting statements from the same page that you visited to get this far. It's very annoying to see all the negative reviews about content (or lack thereof) and how it's another survival game that's only good  to refund because of bugs or other issues.Every early access game that is green lit on Steam has this big blue banner with the written status and explanation of what early access means. Why is it so damn hard to comprehend? I have supported many early access games and have been disappointed plenty but I knew what I was doing every time I did. It's not only about getting a game before anyone else; it's about hopefully supporting another good developer for a chance at a good or better game in one of many genres. I have ""donated"" to EA titles that ended up being quite successful and I will continue to do so knowing full well what EA means.I would suggest people educate themselves on EA before being so criticle about an unfinished title. I'm willing to listen if the complaints are ligitimate; for example Day One: Gary's Incident, but to complain about an unfinished game in EA that is one day old is ignorant. Watch one video and you'll see if you like the title; you don't need to rely on a lack of Steam reviews and purchase a copy because you don't know if it's good. Learn the internet and I guarantee you'll be surprised at what you find. Hell, might even save you some money.Review: This is a great game and a fresh break from the survival ARK. The moment the game starts I was hooked. A smashed up space suit with very little time to react sets a good pace. I'll admit I'm a bit biased because of the sci-fi setting but in the 40min I played, I was pretty well involved. I haven't tried multiplayer yet because I'm more focused on learning the ropes in single player. One thing that I loved was watching a gigantic sand worm swallow me whole. I just watched and said ""whoa"". The crafting is simple and resource gathering isn't a chore. All the minerals are colour coded, so they're easy to spot. The graphics are amazing and the game runs well. I think that this game has much promise and I look forward to seeing everything it offers in the future."
,Recommended,402710,25785269,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,gluonsmuons,Matt Damon is my spirit animal. So far so good. Let's just hope this doesn't turn out to be the next No Man's Sky. Kudos to the Dev.
,Recommended,402710,25884666,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,OwlLusive TradeSkinsFast.com,"Despite what every review said. Everything negative about this game. Total bulls nutz, Devs are constantly updating this game just like the devs of ARK. This game is pretty much Subnautica on mars (Note: not technically mars but you get the idea).I recommend this game to people who play:SubnauticaARKDayZand anything alike really."
,Recommended,402710,25915465,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,1FingerSalute,Off to a great start!! The dev's seem to have an awesome attitude towards the community and I expect good things from this team.This game already has me! There is no escape!
76561198036540696,Recommended,402710,25927617,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Medz,Fun game.. runs really well.. minimum 40fps on a GTX 960.  Not sure how the multiplayer runs.. all servers are very high ping.. hopefully that will be fixed soon.
,Recommended,402710,25937885,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Maelstrom117,"Honestly, games centered around crafting usually arent my style. Picked this up because it looked interesting, even though it was in early access. It's part shooter, part crafting game and part survival simulator, and it does all those things well. There are still small issues, like how the companion robot (oh yeah you get a robot sidekick) kinda ♥♥♥♥s off every once in a while, but it also provides fire support and carries your stuff for you. Short version, if you're looking at this game and are wary of it since it's in early access, don't be. These devs appear to be one of the more professional ones that dont hand you a pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥and ask you to dig out a gold watch for them, the game feels like it's already well on it's way to being completed, except for the addition of a few elements like classes. Haven't seen a game this ready to go in early access since Kerbal Space Program. Great buy, great game so far"
,Recommended,402710,25966985,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Evo,One of the best survival games out.
,Recommended,402710,25765819,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,ShazMyBot,"""Matt Damon Simulator 2016""It's clear this game is early in its development. It's very rough around the edges and a lot of the features aren't implemented yet. There's issues with habitat building, terrain glitches, and there's a general feel of ""place holder assets"" to be found.That being said, the game can still be fun and there's a lot of potential to be found here. Creating a colony with friends, exploring the world, and discovering the game together is great. I look forward to seeing what Fenix Fire does with this game. As long as they stick to their roadmap and avoid rushing development, Osiris has the potential to be a solid space survival game."
,Recommended,402710,25769961,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Eslyium,"Alright.. Im starting read all these negitive comments and im not going to lie they havent even played long..Most of their reviews cant even be counted as a review.#1 Issue is COMPARING THIS TO NO MANS SKY AND OTHER GAMESAll games are different comparing one game to another game just needs to stop.Anyways onto the reviewIts a GREAT game while YES its buggy and has its own issues but guys it JUST came out yesterday in EARLY ACCESS.Pros -1. Great to play with friends2. HUGE map for exploration (Yes majority of it hasnt been touched so its empty land)3. You can EDIT the amount of MOBS, RESOURCES GATHERED , MOB DAMAGE, XP4. Giant space worms.5. Private server to play with your friends (max to 5 people right now)Cons -1. As it is now.. Yes its buggy some buildings are broken and items vanish sometimes.2. Exp system I feel is unfinished atm3. Laggy servers (for now)I mean most of the stuff wrong with the game can be easily fixed. (Unlike my reviewing skills I cant write this properly)If you HONESTLY want to buy this game then do it. If you do but dont wanna buy it right now cause of the bugs just check back in a few weeks or so... No one says you have to buy it right now."
,Recommended,402710,25772051,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,lookapanda,"Entered the game, saw that my oxygen was running out due to a hull breach.I had no idea what to do, but looked around an found a weird looking box.I didn't know the keybindings yet so I tried to figure out how to activate that box, my oxygen was at 20%.After I found out, how to enable that box, it wanted me to place a tiny little base where I can be safe, I assumed. I placed it, but it needs time to be built. My oxygen level went down from 10% and hit 0, I started to lose health.I made it into the base with like 5% health remaining.10/10 would suffocate againPS: detailled review in progress"
,Recommended,402710,25773514,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,BeowulfEMT,Great game so far and the devs are doing a great job communicating.  Hopefully they keep it up!
76561198118516180,Recommended,402710,25774521,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Mat_thePenguin,"Overall, Awesome game! Just ran into some building bugs(to be expected from early access) I wish I could of made a vehicle or spaceship"
,Recommended,402710,25829621,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Lucifer,"Game is great despite few (bit more than a few) bugs/glitches here and there, played a little to be able to refund later but it was enough to keep me insterested in the game when it launches or when they fix the majority of the issues, classes needs to be released (you can play with just 1 as of it the time of this writing) and we need more buildings as well, the aliens they glide instead of walking (probably lag issues) and sometimes they go through rocks/montains and ground as well.Lots of connections issues when trying to create a private world and invite your friends, but it has the potential to be a great exploring/survival space game, and hey it has multiplayer and you can actually see each other.*cough* nms *cough*"
76561197989813957,Recommended,402710,25887761,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,bgrant,They have a great start here. Its a little content light and they still have a few minor bugs to flush out but they have a wonderful framework to builld on. Im looking forward to more updates and content.
76561197999834762,Recommended,402710,25904861,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,rakoo,Got killed by a huge worm 10/10
,Recommended,402710,25955420,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,[JP]zak XD¯\_(ツ)_/¯,it's good game like ark but it more like The Martianbecause can use duct tape to fix the suitalso it's just not mine and killin' it need you to building and make a ship for go to spacebut sadly is it just got the Us server this made asia player ping high and delaybut if you like ark you might try it
,Recommended,402710,25758559,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Percussion,"After almost 2 hours of playing this game, I'm thoroughly enjoying it. The planet feels rich with various and interesting alien life and the resource collection feels very worthwhile. Building structures and utilities is easy and was not a hassle in the slightest. The combat felt a little tricky at the start, but I got a good feel for it pretty quickly. Definitely recommend this game to people who want a real alien planet survival game."
,Recommended,402710,25775827,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,TheIvoryKitty,"This game is Early Access and certainly still has some bug fixes to make, but the base is very  well done and thought out. The game runs great, we have no problems with the high quality graphics, and the gameplay is fun. The UI is sleek, though I'm hoping for some additional ease-of-use improvements in the future to more quickly do things (such as sort your inventory, move a large amount of something at once, and long-distance robot/follower commands). All in all, though, I am extremely happy with my purchase and looking forward to what the developers have in store.Additionally, the developers seem very active so far. That's a huge plus for Early Access games."
,Recommended,402710,25775903,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,imlubko,"game runs very poorly in multiplayer atm. however, single player runs like butter on my fx-6100 and 290xnothing i can say other then what everyone else already has, keep your eye on this game, if the devs treat it right it could be the next big survival game up there with rust and ark."
76561197995455789,Recommended,402710,25806113,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Stoltzen,"This game has a huge potential.I think that the game are pretty limited right now, but still worth the money for sure.Im pretty close to the ""end game"" after playing around 17 Hours, so hopefully there will be a lot of new things to do in the future.A lot of things aren`t working at the moment, but as an very early access i think its okay.Like a lot of people are saying... This might be the game No Man`s Sky should have been...Can`t wait to see how this game will end up! :D"
,Recommended,402710,25810771,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Tigerhawk71,"The potential is real.I played this with a mate to see what kinda life it's got - 8.5 hours later and we've built everything the game has to offer (and some of the stuff we built doesn't function).The tutorial at the very VERY start needs more guidance because it's assumed you know the games interface while you're dying.The game is very pretty. I've literally stopped what i was doing more than once to take a screenshot just because of how cool something looks. The dust storms, sunrise/sunset, the orbiting planets - all very pretty.There's currently no XP/level mechanic that functions, the map isn't procedural and thus you should avoid any barren desert areas (as you're just walking outside of the map), enemies are missing various animations, vehicles are only just functional (but cool), you can't go to other planets yet (but can go up to space) and the game has a handful of items you can build that do not yet function (the shower and biodomes being good examples)There's some interesting mechanics in here around Oxygen/Stamina and i like it, movement works okay (mostly) but there's a huge speed penalty for holding a weapon out and it's kinda stupid.The potential is very real. I look forward to revisiting this game in like 12 months."
76561198021303762,Recommended,402710,25814989,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,MGHAL9000,"BLUF (Bottom Line Up Front): Get the gameAssumption: you like survival type gamesShould I buy this Early Access game?  Is there enough to entertain me?  Yes to both...Reason: Spend 20 dollars at the movie.  You'll have something to talke about at work, and then it's gone until it comes out on Blu-Ray, or digital, and you'll buy it again.  You'll watch it a couple more times and that's that.  so, 40.00 USD or so later, you've had about 7 hours of enjoyment out of it...that is all.Buy the game, explore, figure out how it all works, get frustrated at the bugs, then notice that the Devs have already patched the game a couple of times addressing issues (wish NMS did the same...) and it's not out a week yet.  Think of this as a rehearsal for both you and the devs.  You get to practice what you want to accomplish and get your mind in sync with surviving in this environment, while the devs use your input to polish and deliver a AAA game at half the cost to you.  Spent some 17 hours in here so far, and I don't have it all done yet.  17 hours Vs. 7 hours....Yep, it's a good investment.Without spoiling anything, what's in it so far?Base buildingMiningCraftingTerrorSoundtrack that is top-notch and will freak you out at times.Creatures that, if you're smart, you'll engage from a distance.Suit breaches are no joke, and will trigger your panic mode (as they should)No kidding sand worms that will leap out of the ground and gobble you up whole...oh, and they're HUGEBugs (not the skittering kind, the ones that make things not work as intended, but they've been active in solving them)Glad I bought it, looking forward to each patch and update as they come."
,Recommended,402710,25952185,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Phoenix CGC,"This is probably my First ever steam review. And I gotta stay its worth the write.The first thing that grips me is how emersive it feels and the music is on par with the Mass Effect series.Of course they are bug as with any early access game but the fun and polish far outweigh the passive glitches I see now and again.PROs> Resource gathering can be fun and tactical(keeping track of coordinates)> Emersion. Imagine being busy gathering resources far away from your base then you become encumbered then treading your way back, night falls(soo much darkness with your flashlight only shining directly in front of you), a Sand storm starts and (all while wearing headphones) you hear creature foot step around you. (My recent experience)> I dont really have to mention graphics at this point. Spot on>Inventory management is neat and tidy. Items stack and they can be stored in almost everything(Forge etc)>Im still early in the game but im up to the point where I have to creat a fabricator. And Im still having fun with it mostly because of its immersion (Oh right i mentioned that already). Okay on to CONsCONs>Those spike bushes are So annoying Im not sure if its a bug but the characters reaction to touching them is a bit too intence almost like a baloon getting popped.>Your Assistance Robot works when it does(weird that I have to use my multitool to access his inventory) Pretty sure thats an easy fix>Dev should add a form of craftable alien repelant (similar to torches in Minecraft). Having the aliens attacking me at my doorsteps while clipping through walls break the immersion.As you can tell the CONs are just bugs that can be fixed so esssentially I really dont have any viable CONs to speak of as yet. I definately recomment this game to everyone. How are into the spacegame(SPG) genre(I just made that up)"
76561198254877633,Recommended,402710,25958550,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,brave_roaster,"No Man's Sky refugees, take note and watch out for the release of this game. It's everything NMS promised but actually delivers. I know it's early access but I've never had this much fun playing a beta game! There's it's odds an ends (like when you're in space the visor reflection still has the planet surface reflection in it), but texturing like that is normal for beta. The combat system actually is challenging for some of the more agressive aliens at night (they move fast and can be hard to hit, especially with only a flashlight to see with). Space flight was super awesome, and amazing looking, and exploring the surface and building a colony was a blast. I also loved the sound design, night mode always makes me creep out and head back home to hole up for the night.It's like ""The Martian"" blended with ""StarShip Troopers"" and ""Pitch Black."" I'm loving it so far."
76561198013227619,Recommended,402710,25965295,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Ansari,I think Osiris is an amazing GameThe concept the graphics is amazingI understand its early access but the my only issue is that i would build a base for hours and hours.Go to sleep and wake up the next day and its gone!I dont understand why this is happening but i tried multiple public servers and privatea nd the same issues happens to me and my friends.I think this game could definitely be one of my favorites but this glitch is isnane.I do understand its early access but why delete our hours and hours and hours of work?if anyone can help explain why this is happening with every server we playwith please let me know
76561198010270894,Recommended,402710,26049487,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,FullMetalManiac,"Just started the game and liking what i see, its early beta but would like to see more added in the future well worth the early access cost to see this go further. Been playing for over 20 hours so far devs are open and friendly asking for the community for ideas and to report any bugs found, for those looking at this game it is Early Access. Seen a few comments and more than likely there will be negative coments that this game is not finished.....well hello its early access, so atleast go and check out the discussion forum perhaps get a better idea or wait a little if you are not sure. The game will be changing hopefully for the better with new updates improving and fixing bugs, if you looking for a finished game this is not for you. But if you want to suggest improvements help with identifying bugs and support the game then come join the community here."
76561198070472844,Recommended,402710,26050266,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,GWAMPO,game is fun erit eriiiiiiieeeeeeiiiiiiiiitttttt
76561198114385765,Recommended,402710,26013645,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,rtrushkov,"Hey,Having a Steam Console I noticed the game and my xbox controller didn't sync so well. I can move and shoot, but can't really interact with game with out a mouse of keyboard. I hope this gets fixed."
76561197982503928,Recommended,402710,26203417,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,crilliver,Very fun and very playable for an Alpha build.-Matt Damon
,Recommended,402710,26013467,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,MagicPenguin🐧,"Still needs a lot of work, but have a great potential!If you like survival games, give it a try :)"
,Recommended,402710,26040200,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,grand master grim,"i think this game has great potential but as of right now there isnt much going on. i look forward to the upcoming content they plan on putting into the game tho. the devs seem like they got it together other than certian devs i dont need to name that dont so i will gladly support this for a small price of 25 dollars and to the devs, keep it up guys youre doing a great job i hope to see other games from you in the futer"
,Recommended,402710,26059827,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,pvfd63,"Decent game so far, but it would be really nice if they added a party system so you can see where your friends are at"
,Recommended,402710,25821993,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,"Mezdonian""","This game is amazing and awesome, the sheer scale of things is glorious and being able to fly around or travel in vehicles so soon in an early acces survival game is very pleasing , with the vehicle system they all operate well excluding the useless rover, the game obviosuly needs more work and polish and much more content but for what it has right now it is amazing."
76561198094834793,Recommended,402710,25772042,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,dg8882,HOW TO PLAY:1. Spawn2. look at all the cool stuff3. Die like a dumbas$ because you didn't fix your suit4. Respawn5. Do stuff right6. Go on a quest for resources7. Get jumped by alien snakes on the way back8. Die and lose all your $hit9. Alt + F410. Return and get your damn revenge on the snakes11. HOLY HELL THATS A GIANT FLYING WORM12. Repeat!13. (Optional) Appreciate how this game is a pre-alpha and already more in depth than No Man's Sky10/10 Would get pis$ed at snakes again
76561198044721197,Recommended,402710,26311013,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,M3R,"Amazing game, here is a pro con list.PROS:*Beautifull graphics*Amazing in-game soundtrack*Fluid movement/animations (Except the creatures animations are 'floaty')*Combat is good*Building is decent (Just make sure to build on a very large flat area, the structures don't like uneven grounds. Also you have to build the habitat, it doesn't come prebuilt once you have the materials to craft it, all you put down is the frame, same for the airlock and some of the others.)*Minimal bugs/glitches*First and thirdperson perspective*Decent character customization*Weather*Day-night cycle*Decent content*Robot assistant to help gather ore and defend*Frequent updates/hotfixes*Creature AI is well done*Unlimited pistol ammo (A good backup if you can't afford to get ammo for assualt rifle)*Character levels to up the strength, stamina, etc.*Can explore space in a ship (But really nothing to do in space ATM, there is a space station, but from what i'v heard, it's not physical, Idk if it's true or not.)*Multiplayer (Somewhat lonely, but there is PVE and PVP)*Many vehicles to get around on the planet*A good size map, not procedually generated. (Ore is scattered each time you start a new game though)CONS:*Not that many graphical settings*Somewhat bad optimization (I get around 15-25 fps on max, running a gtx 750 and i7-4790s 12GB RAM)*Getting ore is rather 'Grindy' (They are spread out in large areas and only get 1-2 ore each tick from them plus the ore that drops from them. You can up the gather rate and ore refresh rate to speed up gameplay.)*Weather such as dust storms occur a lot (Obscure vision by a good amount especially at night)*The gas tanks to store gasses are not in the game, but the recipe is. (Don't attempt to build, it breaks building for you unless you go to main menu and continue the game)OVERALL: 8.5/10The game is decent, I enjoy it but it's not for everyone. The developers are constantly working on it and updates/hotfixes come out a decent rate. Slow gameplay at the start but you can up the gather rate like noted above to speed it up. I'v played many survival games, but this one has the most potential IMO. Hardware requirements are hefty. I say you can either wait on it to get more developed, or you can just buy it and try it out. If you don't like it within two hours you can just refund it. I don't have any regrets buying this game."
76561198152730461,Recommended,402710,25761462,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,FirstDawn,"Looks damn good, even for early acces.  This game has very great potential in my opinion.  I'd love to see it evolve in the next years."
76561198010104803,Recommended,402710,25764277,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Grumpy Bear,Just YES! i do recommend this game! ok! BAM!10/10 im sure i will get eaten by a GIANT SAND WORM! flying towards me and go... OH♥♥♥♥♥♥well i best just watch this to the end. and DIE! or be running along and watch your death of yet another giant worm flying in from the rear!!!!Giant crabs that chase you until you kill them or they kill you!a suit that can get punctured and you have tot use the one and only duct TAPE! i♥♥♥♥♥♥you notso far i havent had any Bugs other then LAG but i did expect this on DAY 1 of release. and hopefully Private servers will lower help spread the players out.
,Recommended,402710,25761865,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,123,"I love these kinds of games. Totally chilled out. Until I saw that giant worm thing throw itself at me lol.There are a few nuisances atm which I trust will be fixed asap.When I currently try to join a server, I sit in for about 5mins and dc (all servers for me are 110 ping). The multiplayer overall seems a little shakey right now. I can't seem to play with settings any higher than the lowest. Even then with the lowest settings on I seem to lag all over the place and the rendering isn't very good. I am rocking all that is recommended. But then if I tweek with the settings in game all of the planets ground vanishes.After continuously experiencing these problems I hopped onto single player. Seemed to run very nicely. No graphic problems occured. I haven't had any problems with the single player yet. Apart from that giant♥♥♥♥♥worm thing scaring the heck out of me! xD I'm enjoying it so far. Very relaxing game. I probably will update this once I have invested a little more time into it and the game gets its next update. I look forward to playing a little more."
76561198318207944,Recommended,402710,25761775,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Ukeyyy,As long as the Devs update the game with content regularly it will continue to entertain everyone as it currently is. It has alot of potential and could easily become as popular as some of the other AAA games like Ark etc.I hope we aren't let down.
,Recommended,402710,25761859,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,KillerGaming,"I've played around 6 hours so far, and it's been really enjoyable. The multiplayer servers have been a bit laggy, but myself and a friend played on a private server just mining and having a blast. It's early access, so I expect some bugs and things that need to be fixed to I'm not to hard on it. But the crafting and survival aspect feels so real, and you really do feel alone on a planet. I love it. Graphics are amazing, the colors in this game are beautiful. Great job guys, I cant wait to see where you go from here!***edit (7/6/17): theres currently a glitch that makes you lose all saved progress after logging out, at this time I cant really recommend playing it if all thats going to happen is you lose data after 12 hours of grinding***"
76561198004386475,Recommended,402710,25764196,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,UnknownSoldier,"This game is visually amazing, and makes you feel like you are in your own personal movie of the Martian.I unfortunately can't play it comfortably, as you cannot change the keybinds at all.  This will prevent me from playing too long, and I look forward to a patch where they add in the ability to change the keybinds.   My only other gripe is we shouldn't need the repair tool to access the robots inventory.  It just makes it feel klunky.Otherwise this game is outstanding and has tremendous amounts of potential.   Gotta go, some fauna is beating on my base!!!"
76561198013589029,Recommended,402710,25764934,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,SMPR,Great game. Devs are working hard to fix bugs. Great day 1 launch. Can't wait to get back to the game.
,Recommended,402710,25764156,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,SkeletalFlower,"An excellent Survival game, I generally dont have the patience for them but I'm loving this one so far. Alien creastures honestly feel so Alien and it's been (Mostly) bug free so far which isnt bad for an EA game that has just launchedLiterally my only concern rn is the troubles with servers right now but with any luck they will soon smoothe that out.Dont even think twice just buy it."
76561198000805918,Recommended,402710,25841038,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,ephex,"Game is very nice and for a good price compared to others featured on steam.Like many people say is like ARK with a space theme, maybe more dangerous andway more atmospheric... very engaging indeed.Unfortunately is NOT ready to play, its early acess yes... but has a saving gamebreakingissue, for me at least and for some of my friends. All my hours of gameplay justdisapear when you log next day or so... all my base items etc... so its OK to try theand see how it will be on the future but dont think you can already spend weeks on it,you might be very very disappointed. this happened on a private server that i play with friendsso its not an enemy RAID issue."
76561198026002503,Recommended,402710,28896307,Posted: 1 January,all,Juraks,"I don't like bashing things repeatedly, nor do I like inexperience and brashness forming my decisions. So, here goes...Osiris: New DawnThe majority of my experience in Osiris: New Dawn comes from solo play, though about 4 to 5 hours worth of it was co-op.Before even jumping into a game  I noticed the settings had player progress rather slow, and the amount of aliens faced looked rather challenging(their wordage was ""Infested"" ). So, to counter the default higher rates of aliens, I upped the amount of points I got per level up. My thought behind this was, if I'm going to be in combat a lot I want it to be worth it. After playing ARK: Survival Evolved for so long and seeing the similarities between Osiris and Ark already apparent I found this to be a good move once in game.Pros:-> Graphics are beautiful-> Sound is excellent and adds to the survival horror aspect quite nicely.-> Gun-combat...decent but needs work, I play mostly in third-person view and DooM style with high movement and utilizing range--the pistol with its unlimited ammo are your best friend starting out and animations when third-person mode need tweaking. My cursor would be on the target and my character is shooting behind him at whatever is back there while Im aiming and trying to hit the target on my screen.-> Vehicle Controls are brilliant and worked very well but the vehicle movement and collision can sometimes be lacking. The hover bike likes to nose plant into the ground, while the Spaceship flies brilliantly though sometimes will land but not-land where the gear is out and you're on the ground but the controls are still as if youre flying(only the hover and throttle controls are workable, currently taking off again and landing elsewhere can fix this otherwise there is no notification that something is off).-> The building process of a base or weapon is very unique and a nice touch. Though vehicles I found were very easy to obtain once one built the laboratory.Cons-> Melee combat needs some major love. The machete you can make in your inventory is just plain meh, in fact I've yet to understand what any of those tools are good for and even some resources. However, I believe these may become relevant down the road. The only melee tool that really found success was the ""Dragon's Tooth"" and even then it was iffy. Crab legs could be chopped or other things insta-killed with it. Melee combat was really utilized by my friend during the time we co-oped together and that was because we had gotten jumped on trek out to get lithium and his body has disappeared(decay rates should be tweakable for private servers and singleplayer). I distracted most mobs by engaging them first with the pistol and then he would flank them from behind with the Dragon's Tooth and either wound them or finish them off.-> Alien attacks are relentless and can easily overwhelm solo players by their 2nd day on ""Infested"" levels. During the day I'd mine resources and try to work as much as I could towards getting more rifle ammo because I knew when the night came nothing but trying to kill the overly aggressive aliens would be all I could do and not surprisingly I'd die a lot by being overwhelmed with 5 aliens at once. I don't mind a challenge but theres a certain point where you just cant do anything to even stop yourself from getting hosed. Not even wait the aliens out from a distance to recover your stuff when theyve scattered. Why? Because theres a ten minute timer on every body you die in.-> Base building can often be confusing but like all things can be figured out with help from the internet. The same goes for where to find critical resources like lithium, diamond, etc. Though I've found that instinct, and a natural wanderlust can be just as helpful.-> The meotors are highly annoying after so long and do not make much sense as they always seem to target the player and are never just striking at random.-> Satellites show up randomly downed on the map but theres no animation or anything visible as to how they got downed.-> Someone dies but you're near and still alive, can you retrieve their stuff...no. Maybe this is just because we did PvE. But either way when we got jumped both of us died and ran back to retrieve our stuff and die again while fighting off the aliens that would not leave us alone(we did not instigate the fight). When I arrived the third time, my friend was still alive and we managed to kill off the last of them together but he died his second time from a lack of oxygen. I'm standing right next to where he died but I don't see any body nor bag or anything. The timer runs out on his body and thus we encouter a semi-huge setback as his assault rifle(with 3 mags) and pistol are now gone. I have encoutered this situation is singleplayer as well and it is practically impossible to recover from on ""Infested"" levels. Especially when I have a dragons tooth and a gnat or arachnoid can just one shot me from full health at a distance. What is eliminated here is not a concept of ""fairness"" but rather a chance to overcome.Overall: I reccommend this game, the price point is a little high for what all is there right now. So, grab it when its on sale and passively enjoy it. This game is about patience and has a tedious aura to it. In the moment you could horrified, angered, overjoyed, or completely reactionary. But planning and constant level-headed thinking can overcome most anything. During the co-op session my friend lost his guns and some much needed resources but I loaned him my pistol and made us melee weapons should the worst come while I used the assault rifle. Continuing on we have bounced back and have even explored space quite a bit. Natural curiosity has found almost all the resources we needed were actually quite close to us and all we had to do was look and find them. Personally, I still play Osiris because I simply enjoy the environment and exploring it now. Though the only real area for exploration is the surface of the planet, space has very little at the moment.This something I highly encourage people to pick up if they like survival games when its on sale but its also something I would say,""Wait and see"" to those that are on the fence. The more the mobs are turned up, or left at the default setting of maximum amount the more it is reccommend to play with friends or at least work with someone to watch each others backs."
,Not Recommended,402710,33240692,Posted: 4 July,all,vito_a16,its caca
,Not Recommended,402710,33241590,Posted: 4 July,all,Bubbles100,"Bought the game on the first day of early access, and back then it had lots of potential, sure there were bugs and lots of missing features, but I could see a future in the game. I tried it again today, and I'm surprised to say that they managed to make the game worse."
,Recommended,402710,25791708,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,NerdPecks,"First: This game is amazingly fun!Second: It's ""Early Access"" and glitchy as ****. e.g. (1) Frequently  'Timeout disconnect'(s) when playing on ""private"" multiplayer server from machines on the same LAN before communicating with the server. (2) If you log out and log back in  during a private multiplayer match (not sure on other modes) you start with a new set of startup gear AND your old XP! (W00T!). Great if it didn't boot one every 90 seconds... (3) Colony founder spawns at different location than inflatable dome he/she/it created, but other colonists seem to spawn at the founder's ""base"" (weird). Probably other issues in 0.930.Not saying the game isn't rad...when it works. Just outlining some issues for possible attention. Furthermore, 0.9x is a little ""presumptive"" for a game this unstable. It is NOT between alpha and beta stages...it is pre-alpha. Let's keep it real.Having said as much, I can't wait for it to be version 1.0+ -- it's FANTASTIC!Today: 3/10+4 Weeks: (or more) 10/10Cheers"
76561198273299532,Recommended,402710,25804476,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Dat Boi Aidan,this game is awesome and super fun but i would like a sandboxmode to see everything without having to find all the resources and crafting stations
,Recommended,402710,25830538,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,TheTerribleTeam,"I'm sure you are reading about how people compare this game to No Man's Sky. Well I can tell you that within the first hour playing Osiris, I've decided that it is what NMS should have been!"
,Recommended,402710,25834775,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,fourNtwentyz,"Great game! for an early access this is pretty amazing, devs seem to be onto bugs quick."
,Recommended,402710,25834909,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,§rgtphil,STARSHIP TROOPERS BABY!This is going to be one hell of a game when its done. 10/10
76561197993620127,Recommended,402710,25877189,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Unlucky One,"I've played this game single player and multiplayer.  As it stands now (pre-release), the overall experience of the game is fun.  It reminds me between a mix of Minecraft and No Man's Sky (the planet part).  The game has great potential to become something just absolutely amazing when planet to planet travel, structures, and furniture is implemented.  I enjoyed the game and look forward to what the updates bring.HOWEVER, if you play multiplayer co-op and work together (you're not fighting everyone), you can finish EVERYTHING in the game (as it stands now) within about 8 to 12 hours of play (double that time if single player).  The game does become repetitive at times, but I really didn't mind it because the graphics and environment was just incredible.  Once everything was built and accomplished, didn't really have much to do other than explore (once you get vehicles this goes much faster).  It seems the explorable area is much smaller than the actual planet (maybe this is for testing purposes for now).With the understanding that this is pre-release game and that some features are not yet implemented, incomplete, or don't work (showers, computer desks, etc).  The game was still enjoyable until you reach ""the end"" of what is allowable to do in the pre-release up this point.Even at this point, you'll get your $25.00 out of it.  The graphics, environment, and music are worth it just by itself."
76561198083060022,Recommended,402710,25791454,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Russell Murfee,"This is a very fun game with excellent, attentive developers.The first two days had two patches. Fixing some of the major issues the people complained about.The only downside to me is the building. It needs a major overhaul. You will probably have to build the same buildings several times, but other than that I have nothing negative to say about this game. The creatures are awesome, and make it a great challenge."
76561198038811261,Recommended,402710,25878987,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Naysayer,"Good game,but we need chinese."
76561198012970815,Recommended,402710,25804536,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Not the timbs nigga,"Very promising and incredibly immersive if you stick to First person view and have a good headset in a dark room.Kids aren't patient these days and com[lain in reviews that it takes too long to build things and can't grasp the concept that a game in alpha will have glitches, this is what a REAL alpha looks like. Not a half built game but one that is being worked onbut if you can swallow the bugs which are mostly forgiving, then you can see that this game has a fantastic amount of potential and a lot to do in its alpha stage already.I quickly found myself cowering in my inflatable tent while giant nasty creatures hissed at my door. After screaming ""Time to of die like man"" in a terrible russian accent i charged out with my Nerf gu- Charge pistol and shot them slowly to pieces from the inpenetrable dreadnought of safety that is the staircase.8/10 give me my god damn mechs."
76561198313459209,Recommended,402710,25811452,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Juggalo Jack,"Ok now i might not have played a whole lot, because its such a good game, it lags on my computer. but really good game. : )"
76561198141567992,Recommended,402710,25815120,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,skjarvis102812,"i gotta say, this game really impressed me. Yes their is glitches and so on, but seriously the game is only like 4 days old and its already freaking awesome! the graphics are beautiful and the terrain is massive. I really hope the dev keep working on it and make it even better then what it is, this game is worth more then $25. i recommend getting it now while it is cheap."
76561198225303388,Recommended,402710,25845178,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Purply_Octopus,"The game is great so far. The only thing that really ""bugged"" me was the bugs. Ive experienced  building structures (Bio Dome) then disappearing after i place them. Your doing great, keep up the good work!"
76561197993827729,Recommended,402710,25845481,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,xsblazer,"As it sits right now this game looks very promising. Feels like what Entropia Universe would be with out the RCE aspect. I think if they take it to MMO on the same scale as entropia with 9 absolutly huge planets with hours of space flight travel, it would be a cross between EVE and Entropia. I dont think they plan to go RCE but could have a real potential to do so and give even entropia universe a run for there money. On to the game, It's fairly polished so far and the alien life looks ok, land scape is bland in color but hey it give the feel of Mars and i think thats the point in that case great land scape. I recomend this game because its not a full price like no man's skys and the potenial is huge with this game as long as devs dont abandon and i think it would be dumb of them to do so with all the things stated above.. have fun guys"
76561198034512291,Recommended,402710,25860720,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Apollo,"After 11 hours of playing time I've done everything their's to be done. I can tell you that 11 hours was a tremendous amount of fun and if you like subnaucia meets empyrion then you'll enjoy this game. The Dev's so far are very active, their last update they worked on it over the weekend so very passionate about the game. Can't wait for more updates and to continue my adventure! PS please add buildable lights ! both inside and outside."
,Recommended,402710,25877938,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Ghoul,Good Game.
76561198050971956,Recommended,402710,25879360,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,TheEpicPanic,"Worth $24.99For being early access, this game shows that it has a lot to offer as it is being developed. Very well done for the stage it is in and looks very good. Personally, I feel that the initial start to the game involves some annoying grinding, simply because I have had to travel so far to find resources, but it isn't anything unrealistic and the game is very enjoyable regardless. The game, in theory, should only be getting better as textures are updated, mechanics are improved, and the bugs are worked out, but at the stage it is at right now, it is a solid game. It looks like a lot of detail went in to the graphics and the textures of the world, which can really make or break a game, especially in this day and age. I would recommend this game, early access even, which can be saying a lot when compared to some other early access games."
,Recommended,402710,25861112,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Saliferous Shadow,"First moments in the singleplayer game:Joins in and looks around. Sand, sand everywhere; some trees and spiky bushes too, also monsters but thats beside the point.Proceeds to look around for the survival kit that was supposedly dropped nearby, can't find it.Walks somewhat into a crater and looks around at the landscape, then notices a wierd shadow across the ground.Looks up and sees a giant worm crashing down onto himself, not sure what to do so just stands there and gets eaten by a giant space worm.10/10 would get eaten again."
76561198057332357,Recommended,402710,26188433,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,brewsGus kz,"Would I recommend this game? I love the game but it's not something everybody will enjoy like all games. I would say in its current state wait until it goes on sale. Its a great game but I think that for the amount of content currently in game most wont find 25 dollars worth. Keep track of this game though, don't sleep on it. I have a feeling this game will become great and everybody will want to try it out.Disclaimer: I am a survival genre junkie so I am biased toward this game and feel as though im well on my way to getting my 25$ worth. If you love survival games this a great one to add to your library, especially once MP gets fixed up. I had an absolulte blast playing with my friend until it deleted all our structures xD"
,Recommended,402710,25811289,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Rourobourus,"Okay,So Honest review,  theres about 10 hours worth of single player content total, I was able to manage this in about 8 Once i marked all the Resources on the map, Basically its just rush to get a faster way to transport materials,This game has great potiental to be the best survival game out there once the multiplayer is refined  ( currently a little laggy from the dev's servers Could be better)However,The game in its current state is worth the money alone great concept brought to life, Look forward to the continious updates.Great job Dev's  can't wait to see the finished product."
,Recommended,402710,25830448,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,llaerospace,"So far the game is great, had a blast playing 7 hours straight with a group yesterday.  My biggest like for this is the potential they've built into it, a ground and space survival game....how awesome is that?  This game is a far cry from No Man's Sky, a FAR CRY.  Much more potential and things to do in this alpha then that whole game.  They also seem to update the game very regularly as well, can't wait to see what they have in store for the future."
,Recommended,402710,25860202,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,IcyWalker [FeedMyVortex],"After playing this game for several hours i have conduted the following from a Photon Unity3D programmers prospective.This game is just not ready for public release.I can understand that the gameplay is close to ready but the PhotonAPI intergration needs a lot of work, the developer is sending either way to much infomation through RPCS or just not implementing it correctly and the end users should not have to toggle a private room just to enable public room searching(Photon Rooms).Overall the game has a lot of protental but is not ready for multiplayer, ifyou are planning on playing this single player awesome, if you are playing this with one friend the gameplay should be ok, but anything else dont bother because ive experienced <10fps on a RX480 and FX8350 with 3 players which is terrible. Please fix this because i want to review this on my channel but i just cant with the networking issues.PS. Please fix some of the animations with the mobs, when you are fighting monsters with no animations, it really makes the game feel like its in alpha which i know it is, but animations are something that just should be there before its released to the public.Love the Giant Worm.Benjamin"
76561198009809157,Recommended,402710,25862836,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Mega Nova,I think the game is great for being early access. Has alot of glitches. Biggest problem for myself and my friends has been the private servers seeming a bit laggy with the npc aliens. There also is not much to do if you are a big PVP player. Joining a server that is pubic wont allow you to build because there is already to much stuff on the planet. I can really see that this game will become a great one. If you have the patience and enjoy building/grinding/collecting resource games you might enjoy this alot more than I have. All in all I give it a thumbs up because of the patches so far coming in every other day along with the direction the game is going. For $25 it was worth it especially if the dev team keeps up with the patches.
,Recommended,402710,25864242,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Sintax,Great Game what Nomansky shouild have been can wait for more content
76561198069749691,Recommended,402710,28524735,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Burnt Lettuce,"I love this gameThe game is absolutely GORGEOUS! The games weather is awesome, as well as unpredictable, you can be in an open field one second and then the another second you'll be in a middle of a sandstorm while walking home hoping you're prepared to face the horror in the strom. Osiris's nighttime is brutal and scary, so brutal and scary that you'll be afraid to walk outside in fear that you might die and hoping that your robot buddy will be able to handle the situation on its own, because you're too scared to walk into the night and face the horrors (did I mention that you can change the settings of the universe to what you want, like wether you want a planet infested with aliens, no aliens at all, or somthing in between?) the landscape is crawling with resources to find and craft into something useful, but if you settle in a bad place and you may find it difficult to find certain resources, I highly recommend you scout out your location before settling.The game is still in early access and i'd love to see more updates in the futureIf your going to buy the game here are some TIPS:Fighting aliens aren't easy you can find yourself near death very common if you don't tread carefully and be aware of your suroundings, one bad step can lead to a puncture or even death. Like skyrim being overencumbered can be a problem, that can be solved by climbing on a horse or getting rid of the massive amount of food you've been hording since the beginning of the game, though since you're the dragonborn and you have powers beyond human capability, you do have the option to do neither of those and walk home, BUT in this game your movenment speed is a major play in wether see the light of day the next day, due to the main way to avoid damage is to keep your distance and dodge their attacks."
76561198036959673,Recommended,402710,25787881,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Revenge,"So far I am impressed, development team appears to be working around the clock. this game has so much potential I look forward to where it goes."
,Recommended,402710,28512345,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,☢» MACHIN3 «☢,"With the latest content update I can now give this game a really solid review. It's very fun and love the multi-world survival feeling this game gives. Very much like ARK in space but of course no dinos and no pets. You have several different vehicles you can make including a space ship that can take you to other worlds but right now only 1 other planet is availble to visit and build on.There are bugs, annoying issues like meteors falling on you little too much lol, aliens that can kill you fast depending on the server you join. THey have TONS of public servers avaible set all different ways inlcuding PvP, PvE, alien setting as high as dangerous infested worlds to no alien worlds that you can free play on.Right now in the games current state I would give it a good 8 / 10"
,Recommended,402710,25846091,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,SPAZ31,Just wow. Good Times even in Early Access!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tiCkuH0xOAs
76561198022382038,Recommended,402710,25944703,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Hated One,"Fear the light.I began the game like most players - from the starting expedition to find all needed materials and took this damn slow-poke drone with me so i dont have to carry several hundreed kilos on my own. It all went good as everything i needed was rather close, however i had to take a longer routes several times as alians were falling from the sky just to cut my way. Original but very desturbing way of spawn. Fine. I also reserched a bit around my spawn point to realise that i shall not go there without a1) Car2) Chuck Norris.Happens. I've played Ark before so i am used to this kind of stuff.Here is where actual fun begins. I realised that its getting dark and i may get killed if i dont get home by dinner. Dropped all stuff at drone and told it to follow me. For next 300-400 metres i ran like hell towards the spawn (there is an arrow pointing at the spawn point so it was easy to find way even in damn darkness). Suddenly i realised that there are no annoying sounds from drone, which did make me feel less lonely.Quantity of my flame could burn Chuck NorrisIt was dark. I had only a damn pistol against massive alians and i had no resourses as i had it all in damn drone. Not that i was brave enough to go back into darkness for my only friend, but i didnt want all the valid resourses to be lost. So shaking as vibrator i marched towards my loot. I wasnt even sure if drone would still be where i last so it, but i had to try. To make my life worse the sandstorm began. I have to admit it is cool, but not when you are nearly defenseless at night at desert. I had no other options but to expose myself by flashlight. I wasnt sure whether alians react to light but not that i had much choice. I switch the light on and i see it running at me.Hit of the creature threw me 5 metres away and shaken for a second. My helmet cracked but no oxygen yet escaped. I opened careless fire induced by panic attack. 4 Shots and beast was down. I finally had time to have a look at it, archnoid as we've seen it in many other games. Just more scary one.I realised that i will not survive many of this encounters, but kept on going, Suddenly sandstorm ended and i had no longer need to use flashlight.You can imagine my happines when i saw familiar blue lights of drone on other side of the valley. I was so happy but not for long. It turned out that alians did react to the lightFrom my spot i soon noticed thing moving towards the lights from many directions. Very many things. I turned around, it was obvious that was going to happen. Couple of seconds later i heared the last ""beep"" of the drone blown away by massive explosion. Now i was alone.I made my way home easy. No sight of enemies. Guess they all went for the drone. After throwning myself into the safehouse i just sat down and waited. I was alone on this damn planet. Completely alone. Osiris took my only company and made me hide till dawn. Dawn... I wonder what advantures will this New Dawn bring to me.9 burned Chucks Norrises out of 10"
,Recommended,402710,25817754,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Torbin,"I played this for the first time on a private multiplayer server with some friends. I log in and find myself on a seemingly barren alien moon with some sweet goodies to loot. So I gather my potatos and carrots, couple of guns and some ammo. At this point I am thinking to myself ""Why do I need two guns to start with? Don't you usually build up to guns?"". Ahh.. so naive. So I find my own personal helper robot who I am guessing is some sort of space aged ultra killing machine and I tell it to follow me around. Beep boop, he follows. All is going well and I figure out how to use the little GPS gizmo they give you. I head off on my way toward my friends base.It was at this point two things happened. I realize I am not alone in this area with a giant crab monster masticates my face and I realize I might need a change of pants. Seriously.. that thing came out of nowhere and took me out. Thanks a lot mega killer robot! That's ok because science takes experimentation. Just remember, the most important part of a scientific breakthrough is being able to replicate the results. If the result is death, then you will have no problem proving the equastion here.So a quick respawn and I'm back on my way! I manage to recover my body, kill said crab monster with a generous dosing of ammunition to the skull, and am once again on my way toward my friends base. All the while being giggled at through voice chat because apparently I squealed a lot when I was attacked. I statred getting close to base and this is when things got ugly. You see, it was getting dark. Normally this wouldn't bother me too much, but the weather in this game is amazing. It is so immersive and beautiful. The noises around you at night are.. also amazing, but in more of a sleeping with the lights on sort of way.I made it to camp just as it got dark. I thought the journy was terrifying but I felt far from safe in that inflatable dome while the entire hellish population of this world was unleashed upon us. There was cowering. And shivering. Then day broke and things seemed to calm down again for the most part.It took a hour or so for us to figure out what was going on, but we soon discover to make steel that we needed magnesium. No problem, I'm pretty sure there's some in that crater next to camp. The crater is called the Ezekiel Crater. If you're new to the game I suggest you go find it and check it out. It's beautiful. Also home to something called a sand worm. They are also beautiful and love hugs. Soooo.. there was more squealing and panic. My friends wife and I see it first, we scream and run away. Turns out we were able to make it to safety. My friend was not so lucky but at least we got some magnesium.That describes my first few hours in the game and I only scratched the surface. You are going to find annoying bugs with this game. It is early access and still has a very long way to go. That said, you can very obviously see the progress the developers have made and the direction it is going. The gameplay is wonderful and smooth. I never had any lag or framerate problems in our private instance. Any problems we did have were instantly solved with a quick relog, just make sure you leave one person in the instance to keep it alive. The monsters are something to really be afraid of. There's no such thing as a ""end game"" weapon or armor yet so everything is terrifying. Even the items which are not finished are still in the game so you can build them and get a feel for the progress rate. At this point we've built every structure and every vehicle except for the mech. The developers are active in the community and offer feedback on upcoming progress. I really have nothing bad to say about this game.The cons : Couple of bugs with building, combat, and mining but nothing to worth writing about.Pros : Scary. It's so rare to find a game where you notice yourself constantly looking around you for that next horrable thing to pop out of the sand.Not grindy. This is strange for a survival and construction type game. You will spend a lot of time gathering resources. I can not stress that enough.. a LOT of time. But I personally never felt like I was grinding for resources. The unique mix of fast mining with the ever possible horrable monster attack keep you on your toes."
76561198016835705,Recommended,402710,28701622,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,宙斯酱,要官中 要官中！！！！！we need chinses！！！
,Recommended,402710,25802412,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Grailsilla,"I really love this game, the first survival game, except minecraft, that makes me playing for more than 4 hours.I thought it is gonna be a boring game with complex feature. But I don't think so, I can master the game in few hours. And I think I will play more and see more contents in this game.I hope the developers fix the bugs... I once created Biodome, but I don't know why, my Biodome was gone, but my materials has decreased. Fix it also for the colony system, may be you can just unite all the players in one server without colony system? It will be fun...Also, for public server buildings limitation, it is sucks for sure.... this game will contain more players, so then those players will not have a chance to play in public universe?"
,Recommended,402710,26207061,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,(-TN-) Yeti_,"plz follow through with this game!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! already fun but it needs more.update, as with all alpha games wait a little longer for the game to either develope a little more, or wait for it to go on sale."
76561198068809881,Recommended,402710,25766390,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Grizzle,Very fun and beautiful! Can't wait to see what's in store for the future.
76561198156928578,Recommended,402710,25943565,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,RJ WILLY,A fresh breath of air into the survival genre needs more buildings and enimes but thats to be expected from a game thats hasn't even been out for a month but it needs to have a frequent update schedule E.G the forest which has a timer on the main menu to the next update but in summary would highly recommend
76561198157439635,Recommended,402710,25992441,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,dol,It's pretty Dank.
76561198078194625,Recommended,402710,26142751,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,Timjfjdd,"this game, although still in early access, already has alot todo, and its even more fun with friends(if you have them :( ) it has alot of potential, so if you are even slightly interested in this genre of games, i surely do recommend it!"
,Recommended,402710,25974723,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Andromalius,"Shows great promise. Very polished in its early state, but obviously you should expect bugs and unfinished aspects of the game. If the developers continue to make progress with what they have shown this will be an excellent indie survival game."
76561198079886620,Recommended,402710,25995450,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,lizzardxl,"Для раннего доступа, игра просто поражает, лучшая космическая песочница этого года. Отдыхаю сдесь после космоса Элиты и плюю на бракоделов N.M.S. и разводил S.C.Dev's - Rock's!!! Thank you!!! And more content Please!"
,Recommended,402710,26247405,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,digital_scott,"Where I am excited for this game and the possibilities it includes. I have to add a word of warning. The Mechanics, Map, and content are still VERY early alpha. I applaud the development team for their effort, but see it will require much more time to make this game on par with others in its genre. All in all a solid game with creative team behind it, but much more work to be done."
76561198025632527,Recommended,402710,26238781,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,ramirockn,"Fun game but not for the faint of heart. Most of the bad reviews seem to be because its still in early access, or because people are winers. Sure there are issues, but this is obviously still a work in progress.I will say that this is one of the most well made Early Access games I've played. Plenty of content for those who can handle the struggle and demand of a difficult survival game. I really think it will be spectacular with a few more updates and the right community *cough* (no rust people).If you plan on joining a server, It's best to make allies or play with friends.Single Player is entertaining, but still needs some work.A lot of potential here you jabronis. Also watch out for the Parasites"
,Recommended,402710,25764960,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,[TBAC] Sh4d0w [NL] 🏃,"Love this game!carefull for the worms -.-' was my first deathIts not easy, but fun to play.Even on single mode.cant wait for the other classes :)"
76561198008365070,Recommended,402710,26028876,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Old-gamer,"Having played several of these early access survival games, this one is fun to play and also short due to its current content.  It is brand new in the EA timeline, so I didn't expect it to have a lot of content.  I've spent 35 hours playing, including having to start over due to the recent Server Wipe and I've done all there is to do at this point in the game's development.This game is different from Space Engineers, Empyrion, etc and I like what they have done with Osiris.  Osiris has some of the elements that I like from Space Engineers (but not as technical, build-wise) and it has better danger than what I've seen in Empyrion (to make things interesting).  The terror of the hoard of aliens that can attack you at night kinda reminds me of the feeling I had with Ark spending a long, dark night outside while taming a creature.  If you've done that one in Ark, you know what I mean (every sound has you spinning to see what is there).  :)I look forward to seeing where the game developers take Osiris and hope that they will stick with it to fully flesh out what it can do.  One could argue that $25 (US) is a bit much for so little game-play at this point.  But, I also tend to look at these things from a longer look with the hope that the game will see a good long life.  I paid the $25 because I really like what the game could eventually become...sort of ""paying it forward"" kind of thinking."
76561198082535325,Not Recommended,402710,32835181,Posted: 26 June,all,MountainFort,"A recent update has killed this game. I watched the videos in the community hub and this game looked fun before the update. Except now there is no robot companion and no habitat in the beginning.  Spent 1 1/2 hours looking for basic materials to build a oven before giving up. Enemies seem broken. They come in attack, back away a few feet, stop for a second, then loop around for another attack. Not to mention only one hit out of five hits register when you attack it. I know this an Early Release but it seems it is now broken because of the recent update. Wait until the game is fixed.In reference to the description, ""col-i-nization"" is spelt col-o-nization."
,Not Recommended,402710,32885641,Posted: 27 June,all,ArbalesT,"At the moment this game keeps getting worse and worse. Ya i didint play major amount of time but i got to build hover bike to realize that all we got is small island on massive planet and with each update terrain gets changed, water is added, resources removed.It may seem fine but each time this happens all your base ends up under textures or worse, game starts crashing and braking more often and it just seems like its another abandoned case...  sad i wanted to love this game."
76561198094606736,Not Recommended,402710,32902285,Posted: 27 June,all,Jellyroll,This game is trash. Please don't waste your money on this game. There is no tutorial showing how to play this game and you spawn in with no idea how to play at all. I get that it is early access and all but this game is way too complex for no tutorial or even some help on how to play. I have played this game and I hate when you are going down a hill or mountain and you use your jetpack to soften the landing but you still take full damage of the fall and die. I have died many times from this and it is VERY VERY annoying. I do not recommend this because it is way too easy to die especially if you don't know how to play.
,Not Recommended,402710,33070458,Posted: 30 June,all,TangoDown-Syndrome,"Congrats, with the latest patch you made a decent game with okay game mechanics into a ""walking on jello, can't find a rock on a rocky planet piece of crap."" Well done... sorry I can't get over the Jello walk or the fact that stone should be... oh I don't know.. everywhere?? I'm done with this one."
,Not Recommended,402710,33509725,Posted: 13 July,all,Avengersoul,"What a shame...the game was previously great in my opinion but these recent updates are a MAJOR step backwards. The game feels extremely clunky...even just picking up an item requires an animation you only see in third person which makes gathering in first person feel laggy.The game is difficult which would be fine except now you start with nothing and requires stupid amounts of work to get even the most basic tools. You'll more than likely die constantly because of this. The enemy difficulty would be fine if hit detection wasn't terrible. You can be nearly inside the body of a creature and still can't hit it despite the animation showing you are.I played this game about 6 months ago and while it lacked content wise I think the game fealt great, now I would never recommend it and honestly wish I could refund it. Should have watched my time.  My advice, stay far away until the devs wake up."
76561198300834439,Not Recommended,402710,33226001,Posted: 4 July,all,Cry4Skillz,Dont...just dont...this game looks good...and thats it..
76561198066663075,Recommended,402710,25787180,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,FALSE false Shepherd,"(10/2)Since my last review, this game has recieved a handful of updates that have improved fps, clarity, and fun in the gameplay. The controls have been added to the loading screen (absolutely fantastic) and a lot of the sandstorms have been made easier to work with. If there were a direction I would like to take the game in, I would like to to further have ""colony"" benefits. Everyone has to build their own beacons, and most of the time if they have a mining location they all place it in that location. The map tool itself is still largely ineffective at helping the player navigate.--There is HUGE potential for this game. It's getting there, but there's a lot of fixes that need to go through before I'd say ""BUY IT"". The game is also extremely hard to play--not challenging, like, ""oh damn I really gotta try to play this game,"" but more like, ""♥♥♥♥ this game is so ♥♥♥♥ing hard TO play,"" as in the controls are unclear. there is absolutely zero information on any of the items in game or how to survive; you're not informed of anything other than ""find materials to build a forge."" The landscape is great, but it's really boring. Think Fallout New Vegas, but with 90% less things. This game might as well be called 50 shades of orange and one shade of black. You also can not play during night because you can no see anything. Also, sandstorms are more annoying than they are atmospheric. They don't add to the fun or the challenge of the game, they just drop fps and make it hard to see where your goddamn equipment is.Maybe you're the kind of person that wants to spend an hour learning how to turn on your lights, but I'm not.A lot of clarity needs work. Suddenly, you land on the planet and ... ? That's it. You're given a mining tool, a map that, honestly, shouldn't be an item but something in the 'tab' menu (btw, did I mention nothing informs you that your inventory is on tab?) and a 'multi-tool' object (what is that? I don't even know, and I've been playing this game for two hours), and duct tape (which btw can fix up your suit in a jiffy, no matter whether you were pricked by a bunch of poiny bushes or whether you were fkn smashed by a giant crab monster--use a lil' tape and you're fine). Four things that have no explanation, no real tutorials on how to use.You can NOT play this game without having the wiki open. That's something to think about. If you want a game that gives you some sense of HOW to play, then this is NOT the game. Not yet. Hopefully, but not yet.A few bugs:-Sometimes the aliens can attack you from OUTSIDE your inflatable domes, and can knock you out of it.-Aliens can also enter your dome somehow.-You can not change your view distance.-The force kill button does not kill you irl.Overall, 6/10 as it is, but can easily become a 8/10 if clarity is added. I understand this is early access, and I look forward to continuing to play this game as it develops."
,Recommended,402710,25932339,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,SgtDomo,"Note: The first time I wrote this review I only played the singleplayer, multiplayer review may follow. Also note that maybe some thing I will write in my review maybe already changed the time you read this.This game currently doesn't offer much content and there are some bugs, but that's how early access games are. But don't get me wrong, it is not one of these bad early access games that works barely. No, it works really good, most of the bugs I encoutered were just optical bugs and even they weren't often (for example: I once stood on my hover bike, instead of sitting on it). But all in all, this game has a lot of potential. If you like Space/Alien themed and Base-Building games I would fully recommend this game.I hope the devs don't give up this game like some other devs did it at other games, because I really want to see this game with all it features."
,Recommended,402710,25934979,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Scar~,An amazing game overall! The gameplay is really well paced and make you feel like your really stranded.
,Recommended,402710,25942501,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,HIC0M,Basically Rust in space.
76561198282908252,Recommended,402710,25830164,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,ryanr5374,Loving the game  can't wait for more updates ( hoping for starship where you can walk around init and put storage units and fabricator stuff inside of it like subnautica and travel from one planet to the other with loads resources loaded and go back to my planet with home base or space station)
76561198196059428,Recommended,402710,25908629,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,greekangel,"hello guys ok first the game is earlh access game so wait for bugs its normal, i totally recommended this game, first of all developers is help any time and working very hard to make this game so beautifull without bugs and alot more staffs, second the graphics for me and for this game for alpha game issooo beautiful im waiting so much things from this game. the prices is really very good for this game against no mans sky price 60 euro and no mans sky  for me at least is sucks! is not worth it. if you want real space simulator game with perfect graphics alot for fun and wait for many things and developers very helpfull buy it believe me you dont regreated. thats for me btw keep good work developers we support you i love you so much thanks for the game..."
76561198042913113,Recommended,402710,25815233,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,caidicus,"It's a lot like No Man's SkyThough perhaps not the way you're thinking...I bought and played this game when it was first released, and to say I was disappointed would be an understatement. I spent about 30 minutes running around with little sense of purpose before being killed by a giant sandworm.I wasn't having fun at all, and quickly refunded it. To be fair, when it was released, it was an early access game in the very EARLY part of its access. Still, I find myself returning to the game (after buying it again) and having amuchbetter time, this time around.I suddenly feel like I have a clear purpose in the world, as well as a clear sense of progression. When I first played, it was like I was dropped in the world and toldSURVIVE!. This time I'm being led to thrive. I have skills, a skill tree, and attribute points at my disposal, a stark difference from my first time in the game.There are more structures, more varied landscapes, and I think even other planets to explore. These all didn't even exist in the game when I played before.And therein lies my comparison to No Man's Sky.Ignoring their most obvious comparisons, ie: they're both Space survivial games, Osiris has done the same thing No Man's Sky has done. It has improved to the point that it's actually become exciting and rewarding.Sure, there are people who've been playing Osiris since the beginning, and they'll insist that the game hasalwaysbeen fun, so I am not speaking for them. I can only speak for myself, and I had an absolute blast with the game, last night.Go figure that two of my favourite games this year, just so happen to be games that I had previously written off as being uninteresting or shallow.It's nice to see things exceed expectations, and Osiris: New Dawn has done just that."
76561198132780231,Recommended,402710,25908885,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,LM,Very fun already
,Recommended,402710,25762286,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,aalaanmarino,"Does it work better than No Man's Sky? Hell to the F yes it does.It's early alpha and it just launched but not only does it promise more in the future but also has missing features NMS lied about.Yeah there's a lot of grinding and running like any othr open world survival/scavange game but it's quite rewarding.You start off with a small place you can ""rest"" to save th game every 5 mins.You are given some food, water and a rifle with 10 mags containing 20 rounds each.The monsters are fairly easy to kill and nothing overkill. Some will hiss at you and you can either run or face it. (Also before you jump into the game a screen will come up giving you modifiers for EXP gain, damage dealt, damage taken, how much monsters you want to spawn and so on)The game comes with two alliances so far. The UN soldiers of the galaxy or the pirates.They both have their own benefits, is not noticeable at first but eventually as the game gets updated it will. Pirates seem more for the lone survival type of guy where as the UN is for team work and also the UN gets the better s#$t according to the description.Both alliances have their own classes two. Only one is playable right now but you had so far Ranger, Marine, engineer etc. You can only play as one class as of right now but expect the other ones to be released soon.The game is beautiful but not truly filled with life and by that I mean there's monsters and some exotic trees scattered across.So basically not enough greens. As of right now you start off in a desert type planet AKA Mars. The place you start off is like a small ""island"" There's this giant pillar rocks with some rocks floating above them. If you get out of this area you won't encounter anything else other than hills in a gian♥♥♥♥♥desert. That's how big yet small this game is of right now. Good thing there's a giant worm that comes off the ground every time you enter this one specific area and if you stand still it will kill you. Remember Tremors the movie? Yeah well liek that but a lot bigger. You can't kill it but adding something like that gives me hopes we could eventually kill this worm and perhaps tame it??? That would be awesome.Is it worth the money?Like I said it just released but so far it feels more complete and better than NMS.If you had played ARK its similar in some ways. You can upgrade your movement speed, health, stamina and two other thing i forgot lol one giving you more weight carry capability.There's beautiful sand storms in the game, it gets foggy, it rains and what else not. When you open your in-game menu don't worry about having half of you battery life nor about your fuel for your propellers. I worried I would run out of light so I spend a whole night inside my litle tent.It's just for the looks so don''t think you'll run out of juice, at least as of right now ;( (please developers leave it like that I don't want to be running aorund finding minerals to make AAA batteries lmao)If NMS disapppointed you about not running into other players, well, tadaaaaa you can become a pirate and be a♥♥♥♥♥♥and rob people of their precious items! And you can actually run into each other...when the servers are stable.Seriously enter MP at your own risk. As of right now, once again, is unstable to the maximum having 8 players max, building buildings is limtied and you can't build the Habitat structure which you need in order to build inside an upgrade table and a table to cook meals. Without this you'll eventualyl run out of food in the game (you can kill monsters and get meat off them)Also no matter how powerful of a PC you have your FPS will drop harder than skrillex ""bass"" in 2010. I'm running an i5 6600k at 4.5GHz, 16 GB ram, on an MSI M170A motherboard with an MSI 1060 3GB GPU. on single player I run smoothly 60FPS with everything maxed. On MP I get at most 25-33FPS. There's lag and what else not so while it sucks right now please dont be discourage of the game. Is still good.Overall the game feels smooth and playable but if you're a hardcore player you'll probably get to do everything the game has to offered withing a few hours and then get bored til the game gets updated."
76561198130480538,Recommended,402710,25826827,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,wardragod,"so far I've had a blast playing, though I did come across an old abandoned base and it would have been nice if I could have been able to strip it down for resources, and some sounds are missing, (asteroids, Giant Worm monster,) are the only ones I've come across so far,Thanks for letting prattle on, War"
,Recommended,402710,26191765,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,Massako,"After looking for a good survival titile to play i cam across Osiris. It seemed like the ""No Mans Sky"" but good. for a quick summary its an exciting game ""For a few hours"" untill you reach thew end. by that i mean its exciting if not a bit repetative twards the end and since its early access its understandable. many of the end game featurs are cut out and when you finally get to them there is not much left to do. one you build your space ship the game kindof ends. I mean you could build your base bigger or make more bases but theres no more drive. farming is largly out of the question and many of the in game features are turned off. I look forward to see what the developers add!"
76561198031248381,Recommended,402710,25834441,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,EbonNexus,"Man, This game is good. It's just.. not quite there yet. Me and my buddies got about 7 hours worth of gameplay out of it, and for a alpha/beta, that's pretty good. Really looking forward to what this game becomes, but if you're interested in another ARK or RUST, don't get this game... yet..."
,Recommended,402710,25785982,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,PhineasJack™,Alaskan Bull Worm
,Recommended,402710,25913836,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,HURRICANE RICK,"THIS GAME, IS SO GOD DAMN BEAUTIFUL. I run it at max graphics setting at amazing FPS! Such a beautiful game, good physics and engine, good mechanics, and best of all is fun to play alone or with friends!♥♥♥♥ING LOVE IT."
76561198008885598,Recommended,402710,28479083,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,BOX,"This game is an experience worth having. First two hours has been an adventure, a horror and a delight. Game is worth it at full price. Can't wait to see where this goes."
76561198053010750,Recommended,402710,28520826,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Ludimmean,I love this game. It's everything I hoped 'No Man's Sky' was going to be. Highly recommend it!
,Recommended,402710,28563584,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Wrench,Love it!
,Recommended,402710,28513138,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,KILLINGER,"Pros- Nice graphic for an indie game- More cheaper than Star CItizen- Must buy with your friends- Best sci-fi survival on steamCons- Need more updates- Hard to control when in third person modeOverall i give thumbs up for this game !, will play again."
76561198190716365,Recommended,402710,25787390,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Solistice,"Really great, looks amazing even if you have a pretty bad computer, really looking forward to the full releasd of this game."
76561198019692368,Recommended,402710,25786348,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Renegader,"This is the game No Man's Sky should have been. It gives you the oppertunity to start with nothing and build your way to a spaceship and then let you explore a bit more. Playing it with others is recommended, because it could get lonely after a while. Also, the developers really seem to listen to their players who help them find bugs and give suggestions."
76561198357015817,Recommended,402710,32786673,Posted: 25 June,all,SpartenGangsta,It's a fun game but they need to make it so you can collect leaves without a tool. it's really annoying cause you can't mine anything without a tool so you die
,Recommended,402710,25917357,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,bleh,It's very unfinished but what it has is good.
,Recommended,402710,34923700,Posted: 13 September,all,Kallungi,"Exploration, scifi, survival, crafting and great gunplay! Feels a bit like if Conan Exiles and Mass Effect had a baby. Osiris is still in Early Access and it shows a bit here and there but mostly everything feels polished. Skill tree seems reasonable, some parts I didnt quite get why they are categorized the way they are.Overall look (graphics) and feel (gameplay, ambient music, immersion) of the game are A+ while at the same time it is able to offer Skyrim like adventures to search some mines and discover former bases."
,Recommended,402710,28781200,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Korma,"Bought it for me and a friend because it looked cool, played a marathon of 8 hours that ended in him ditching me on the starter planet with the ship ""we"" built.10/10 best backstab simulator"
76561198052237163,Recommended,402710,25913438,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Testdriver,My♥♥♥♥♥♥my♥♥♥♥♥♥is yellow like a shower. Leave the apartment right now!
,Recommended,402710,25747647,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Hurchonator©®,nice game
,Recommended,402710,25758747,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Nicknotifaya,"This game is what No man's sky should have been and more, totally recomend this."
,Recommended,402710,25799089,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,TechKicker33,"Initially, it looks great.  Controls are initially a guess.  One thing i've found annoying is that my rifle came with 10 magazines.  if you shoot and reload, you use one of the magazines despite having rounds remaing.  and if you have a full magazine and reload, it wil let you."
,Recommended,402710,25780694,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,[BigD] Kordite,"After the catastrophe that was No Man's Sky, this game has restored my faith in space survival games.This is everything NMS should have been. Despite some coop connection problems, the gameplay is polished, interesting and most importantly... fun."
,Recommended,402710,25935144,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,<O><O>,Good game even with the lack of content. Come check me outhttps://youtu.be/nfQVgdiSTN4
,Recommended,402710,25746537,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,★ j3X,"Really good game so far, getting solid fps, so is well optimized already. Great sound and visuals. Looks promising, I would recommend it!"
76561198042007030,Recommended,402710,25744811,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Deathpar7,This game is epic put my lunch hour in to playing so farMade me want to stay home from work and play lol
,Not Recommended,402710,32885893,Posted: 27 June,all,JAGGER,"new update is playable up to the point of doing first couple of missions so you play for a few hrs log out come back in a few hrs later and all that time you spent is now gone avatar is gone ,you have to start over did this couple of times no fixes no updates this game has gone from good to extremly bad on every update, would i recommend it not at this time, no dont waste your time give it another six months, if the devs actualy test the update before they launch them i might give it a better review."
76561198112208365,Recommended,402710,25811686,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Lonefree,Matt Daimon simulator 2016.10/10P.S this game has massive worms that will eat your soul
,Recommended,402710,25786466,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Soldat. Trevor. ϟϟ,PRO'sgood graphicsark in spacenot laggy like arkopen wordetcconsthe hud is to ♥♥♥♥ing bigjumpingand the life on the planet is to big like trees and creatureothere than that this game is agood 8/10 and would recomend
76561198225256124,Recommended,402710,28390692,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Fuxy,"Osiris: New Dawn is a great game!Some are complaining about a few bugs. But this is an alpha and it is clear, that there are some contents not working or not as good as in a AAA-game.So overall: The look, the gameplay and the ideas are fantastic.For me another main thing: The developers are constantly working on the game. I'm sure that they will fix the remaining bugs & make Osiris even better than it already is. (I'll update this post anyway after patches)UPDATE AFTER 50h gameplayStill we get continuous updates with bug-fixes and awesome new content. The game has a huge potential and by playing the game for some time and receiving a couple of updates it is clear: The developers exploit the maximum of it. (over time)"
76561198074169780,Recommended,402710,28484515,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Pølsemix,"I followed various gamers on youtube playing this game. So I knew what to expect. I didnt get the game until the 10.26.16 patch.I did see a change in the way nodes are mined. As a geologist, I am not that puzzled by the choice of nodes being ""basic"" and ""valuable"". It does give the game an element of chance which I like. A mineral deposit is more often than not a combination of iron, copper, aluminium or lead-sulphides, magnesium and copper oxides, and so on.It does seem, from the videos I watched on youtube, and the playthrough I had, that mining was somewhat nerfed, but not to a game breaking extent.Definitely not something worth holding out buying the game, in my opinion. At least if you play the game for the off world experience that it is.In regards to gathering resources, I just make sure my little mining helper is grinding next to a good few deposits, and after two day and night cycles, I have all the aluminium and iron that I need for a good while. An while the helper is helping, I venture off to find copper, magnesium, gold and lithium.The patch 12.19.16 was out yesterday, I cant wait to get back to Proteus 2 and take in all the new improvements!"
,Recommended,402710,29543499,Posted: 28 January,all,Kasser,"So far almost 5 hours into the game and I can say it is more interesting and atmospheric than No Man's Sky.It also support Co-Op, so try playing it with friends.The game gets updates on a regular basis (check the update history page), so it is worth supporting while it is still in Early Access."
76561198217711100,Recommended,402710,26241752,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,khazul,"Awesome game, lots of potential with multiplayer. :)"
76561198145314788,Recommended,402710,28517023,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,NuclearWalrusNetwork,"Guys, they have Subnautica on land now!"
76561198052393851,Not Recommended,402710,33848722,Posted: 27 July,all,Pikachau,"At first I thoroughly enjoyed this game since, it was a futuristic start. Now though, they put you all the way down to the primitive route which honestly is pretty boring and dumb, since your ""super"" fancy tech is now even more limited. Less food, less water, less everything when you start out. Whereas before, your plasma pistol was a cooldown weapon whether using magazines, so you could just safely protect yourself the first couple of nights, but with the primitive route they want you to melee more which makes you more prone to getting hurt.My overall thought over this game from before and now, I'd much rather prefer what is was before. Simpler start, no primitive stone furnace bullcrap. If you really want to play this game I'd say wait for it to go on sale. If you really like the primitive stone age by all means, stone age it away."
,Not Recommended,402710,32748669,Posted: 24 June,all,[AKA] decizion,"Gamebreaking patches, gamebreaking updates, unplayable game.This game will never be finished nor be a good survival game.Get over it.The time i reviewed this pile of trash the game was truly a menu screen simulator offering only crash & crash again.It just tell how bad the devs are.Reading reviews from dedicated osiris players also tell how garbage the game is becomming...To compensate the lack of content the devs made things nearly impossible lol just a nonsense boring grind fest.++Just look at all the recent reviews, only negatives lol."
76561198036341670,Recommended,402710,25762253,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Pantie Raccoon,"please remeber this is an early accese game, It is full of bugs but it IS more promissing that NMS >.<"
76561198018807860,Not Recommended,402710,33733372,Posted: 22 July,all,colbirt1,They do a good job at making it look better than it is.
76561198054863361,Recommended,402710,25744300,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,TheHydroBanana,"Osiris: New Dawn - Mix between No man's sky (what it was supposed to be) , space engineers, and a good version of Ark: Survival. I never recommend cames but because i got screwed by no man's sky after being really hyped about it this game is everything NMS should have been and more."
76561198281484746,Recommended,402710,29726542,Posted: 5 February,all,FreakeyP,"Great Game!!!You get a bit of everything. Survival, FPS, building management, etc.And this is not one of those early access game where the developer just puts out a game, and forgets about it.They have been regularly updating the game with new updates that are actually useful, and functional.But don't just take my word for it...Check out my Survival Guide video by clicking on the link, and get an idea of how the game plays, and what you can do in it.I am sure you will be as pleased with this fantastic game as I was.So I hope you check out the video, and get the game for yourself. Worth the buy.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C_u3aRVnyRI"
76561198128256352,Recommended,402710,29707364,Posted: 4 February,all,fxdvm,"I bought this game with my brother, and we play it together. Today, we started our daily trek, taking two or three-kilometer walks in whichever distance we had least explored in search of the vital minerals needed for our next project. We wanted a laboratory, hoping to construct our first vehicles and lessen the strain on our constant trips to the unforgiving landscape that spanned before us. In just a few hours, we'd gathered the resources necessary and completed the first phase of our project.The rest came soon after. First a GAV, then a Hover Bike. Using these new methods of transportation and being far more free to explore the planet, we set out in separate ways, determined to gather as many resources as we could in dedication to the last phase of our project, and one of the core reasons my brother and I were so interested in the game: the space ship.Needless to say, we completed our task. First, we built our first such ship. Then, upon realizing that only the pilot could mount one, we sought to build the second. And we did. For the first few minutes, we flew around the open plains of Proteus II, understanding the flight mechanics and familiarizing ourselves with the various skills we would need to develop in order to successfully pilot such a beast. Take offs, landings, swerves, loops, corkscrews (to show off, really), etc. Then, we set for orbit.The sensation I felt watching as I entered orbit over the planet just as dawn broke, the music peacefully playing in the background as the dim light of the distance star soared over the horizon... is not something easily forgotten. I thank you, truly, for the experience you provide in this title, and pledge to be present whenever a new update is released."
76561198238112138,Not Recommended,402710,33746648,Posted: 23 July,all,ChaoticLuna,I have a pistol when i first spawnwith only 12 ammo that can't even kill a easy mode's spiderI have a knife which is mostly used for cutting stones????But it worn out quickly.When i finally lost it I have no other tools to dig or protect myself.(technically the knife can't protect me neither does the pistol 'cuz the damage is to darn low.)I can't build even one thing 'cuz i can't find any support relief.Nor can i find the stone needed.
,Recommended,402710,26304190,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,IndigoDinks,"Just my quick review... Osiris: New Dawn - Convincing landscape, great premise, and fun so far at just over an hour in!Runs superbly on my i5-2430M with Nvidia GT525m graphics on Windows 7.So far I've only been finding minerals to make items I need and I'm running a single player game, but its all worked great and is fun to be Mark Watney out there on my own.For the sake of being a Noob, I set everything on my Mars to really easy.  Aliens die when I merely sneeze on them, but gives me chance to figure out the controls!So far at 71 Mins:Find survival kitFind weapons stashFind DroidGet attacked by young spider alienKill spider aliensHarvest aliens for meatMake inflatable base campFind minerals to make depository while being attacked by spider aliensKill spider alienharvest spider alienMake DepositoryDump currently non required mineralsEat aliens meat, uncookedFind moreMake ForgeEat alien meat uncooked Sorry Gordon Ramsey, but I'm alone on Mars.Just need to make a beacon so I can find home easier and do longer trips away.I must say loving it so far...The atmosphere is great, the storms are effective, the rain feels like it should be wet, the wind is strong (probably eating all that uncooked alien meat didn't help).My Droid friend is handy for beeping when dinner comes a knocking.10/10 Would eat uncooked alien meat again."
76561198184775967,Recommended,402710,30527098,Posted: 15 March,all,Flan,"This game is awesome. Visually appealing, daungting challenges, a epic fight for survival, a creative method for building your habitat and dome. The landscape is vast and expansive while on foot giving the ever more rewarding and gratifying satisfaction of crafting a vechile for the first time. The creatures are terrifying and always seem to creep up on me while I rumage through my deposits making sure business is in order. The music even immerges the player with a awe struck sensation almost numbing the senses of what is happening and then rapidly realising the gravity and grand scope of the situation you are faced with.It is my hope that this game continues to devolp and evolve into something ever more inspiring and truely intoxicating. Space is a deep seeded love of mine and this game hits all the write notes.The second part of this review is for the devs. Ideas that would be greatly appreciated if incorporated.1st. Items that are stored with your repair droid are not lost when logging out of current session2nd. Walls that snap together making the process of building a fortified base much easier. In addition with a ability to build walls consecuitively. I dont mind the unable skill of building on hills and such or having the walls snap together with other structures e.g. bio dome, habitat, or labratory.3rd. A way to toggle your locations of intrest without having to remove yourself from the vechile (great for when you are in the spaceship trying to find your way back to safety)All in all this game is simply amazing. Thank you for the time and effort put forth into this game and I'll be waiting for more. Great stuff"
76561198108668905,Recommended,402710,28154043,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,VickersWonWWII,Bought the game with a friend. Friend created a private server with max every setting. How hard could this be?Spawn in 2 km away from him.Walk 10 meters get killed by athropod thing.Respawn.Kill athropod thing and walk 1 km towards him.Dust storm rolls in reducing visibility to jack.Get killed by spider thing.Respawn.Wait till dust storm stops.Walk through crater with big skeleton in it.GIANT SAND WORM COMES OUT OF THE GROUND.ALL ABOARD THE NOPE TRAIN DESTINATION NOPENOPENOPEVILLE.Best crashed ship stuck on a desolate rock simulator with everything trying to eat you.10/10 would feel like I'm stuck in Australia again.
76561198256277369,Recommended,402710,26427952,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Bamlett53,Amazing Game and Dev's are Active and are updating as well as bring new content out!
,Recommended,402710,28893418,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Inconspicuous™,"Really do love this game, it is quite beautiful! Athough i do have some complaints,Number 1Sometimes when you log out, some of your gear gets deleted in your storage, and yes i saved my character from the inflated dome and the habitat.Number 2Optimization- I run this game on the graphics it recomeded to me, I just changed my resolution to 1920x1080, Your computer really has to be a beast to handle this game, My build i am currently running is an i7 6700k and an GTX 970, most of the time i am getting 60fps which i am fine with, but in some senarios, Ex: When the meteor shower is coming down and finished i drop to about 30 to 35 fps for a good 5 seconds, and have an i7 6700k and a GTX 970, i dont really think some individuals will enjoy that,Number 3Hit boxes/Moving space-The hit registration is not the best for players and AI, <-- Needs to be fixed right away for PVP servers! For the moving space around some trees is also quite poor, i get stuck in the air or just fall to the ground when using my boosters flying next to trees, this is the same deal with running to. But all in all, i think this game has great potential. Me and my brother play this together, and his build is an i5 6700k and a GTX 970, and he gets about 30fps, but then again hes playing on a 4K samsung 50 inch television screen, so i can see why he gets the lag, My opinion is, if you want to get this game make sure, you have an above average PC, your willing to deal with some bugs until this game is not alfpha, (I mean what game is not alfpha anymore :P it feels like everygame on steam is Early Access) and just to have fun and play with friends! I mean isn't that what video games are for :D! Another thing, i am hopeing the Devs fix the optimization a little bit, that would make me happier!"
76561198067101397,Recommended,402710,29290228,Posted: 15 January,all,Fenneca,+VERY good animations for both the player and aliens+very good alien design+lots to explore+you get a robot friend+skills system+base biulding+different planets-aiming is odd-third and first person feel very different-semi clunky-biulding takes a long time-multiplayer isnt very good at this timeweird place holder ecs karma system aswelldont buy this if you dont like giant crabsor snakes
76561198120451370,Recommended,402710,28398221,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,MrWaffles_1,"This game by far is in my top 3, and I have 45 games over all. If I have anything to say its that this game is worth every single cent."
76561198050547226,Recommended,402710,29295114,Posted: 16 January,all,Mutant15,"A very entertaining game, can be as fun or challenging as you  would like it. Small bugs here and there but the majority of the time it runs great!  Especially for being a prerelease as early as this one. Definatley a game that has huge amounts of potential that keeps me glued to looking for updates!"
,Recommended,402710,28520592,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Brainstew,"As of December 2017...+quality graphics, well optimized+character weight and movement feels good and environmentally appropriate+crafting is intuitive and deep/varied, continues to grow+helper bot AI is consistently good+mining makes me feel like I'm Thor, destroying planets rock by rock-combat mechanics need work-enemy AI and movement feels unpolished-other stuff because the game isnt finished yetOverall, looking good."
,Recommended,402710,28487626,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Ghost_,First impressions are that the game has alot to offer the terms of the exploration and survival aspects. The initial combat that you encounter was a little difficult as you dont have very much ammunition for your Rifle and your Pistol is not very effective. Other than that the game is great overall and i recommend you try it if you enjoy open world survival in space.
76561198053507988,Recommended,402710,28463432,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,patricksheridan78,"Things i like are ,multi-player,base building,game play and sounds/music,AI,crafting,exploring.Things that could use a tweek,rain effects in habit are a bit off putting,droid gets stuck alot,maybe more alien types( very happy with ones in the game at the moment ) more interesting terrain,Over all very happy with this game and i love the way this game is going, have bought it for my brother for his birthday and he feels the same,looking forward to more updates, keep up the great work"
,Recommended,402710,28713173,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,iCare. Striker,"When I bought the game I didn't read any of the reviews, and I just noticed there are mixed views to the game.I have some decent experience with games that are in development and pre-alpha like Osiris, so here is my review.The first impression of this game is good and it proves that is has a lot of potential, and in that aspect it has proven itself.The basic principals feel right and are easy to grasp, and with the current content it is realy rewarding (even though challenging) to unlock and build new buildings and vehicles.Since this is early development, we where able to build everything it has to offer within 12 hours, but it was rewarding, challenging and fun!With the current content it can start to feel a bit grindy when it comes to resources, and once you have build all there is to build.... you are apointed to the PVP part of the game, in all honesty i have not tried that yet!If you interessted in seeing this game develop it is a must buy, but it is definetly not a full game yet."
,Recommended,402710,25758541,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,RandyWafflez,I've only played for .8 hours but I can tell this is a game I will be playing alot in the future. It reminds me of Ark but with a space theme.
,Recommended,402710,25765362,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,recon108,"Subnautica in space! (this is a good thing. :P)I get the same feeling playing this game as I have when I play Subnautica. Searching around for resources (some of them being quite far away), and taking alot of time at first to get a good stock pile of them. The modular base building is very cool as well.Still some issues with the game, things you customize don't stay customized when you quit and come back, leaving items in your robot makes then disappear (when you quit and come back), and an unpressurized barraks(??). But it's still in early development.I feel really hopeful that this is going to be a great gem of a game! I really can't wait to see what the future holds for this game and new features will come.Great game guys! Keep up the good work! :D"
,Recommended,402710,25766958,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,kalanstar,"I've been playing 111 minutes. So far, I like it. Some things I noticed that seem a bit frustrating/glitchy:1) If a sand worm eats you and you continue, you can't recover your stuff from your corpse. This means that if you encounter an alien, it will kill you as you have no weapon.2) At night, if you don't move, you'll freeze to death. But it's night, and wandering around in the dark it is easy to walk up on an alien and die.3) Aliens and resources re-spawn in the same locations. While this is OK for resources, it isn't for aliens, especially if you built your colony next to where you killed an alien. If so, you'll have to kill it again and again.4) I created a new character after dying and losing my inventory and gun and then died twice more. When I started the area was empty. So I walked a ways away, killed the alien and pitched my tent (dome). Later I went back to where I originally spawned and there was my old dome saying I owned it, but the other things I had built in the previous ""game"" were gone.5) One game I started I couldn't mine well. Resources were almost impossible to hit with my chisel. I could mine a couple pieces but the rest of the resource lumps were 'ghosts'. Saving and restarting solved this glitch.6) Lastly, I exited and saved my game during a dust storm, and when I restarted, the storm was gone...All-in-all though, the game is pretty good. I like how the light on the moon I'm on is seemingly coming from the sun of the system and not a light-box as shadows of the mountains move across the landscape as the day progresses. I also like that there is a point to what I am doing. I need to gather things specifically to build stuff that I need to survive. I wonder about building spaceships though as I do not see any ships in the crafting menu, just fuel drums to store ships' fuel. I wish I could figure out how top spend my nights and where the hell magnesium is :P[EDIT] Day 2Glitch 7) This is a helpful glitch. If you hit the ""~`"" key to auto walk, when you hit ""shift"" to sprint, you suit doesn't overheat and your oxygen doesn't decrease. This is quite helpful when exploring. I used this glitch to travel far and wide and I noticed that outside about a 500 meter radius of the spawning point, there is nothing. No resources. No aliens. Just sand... I also noticed that a lot of gasses required by my chemistry workbench seem not to exist...Caution: Be careful when placing your habitat as you have to add an airlock to it. So if the entrance is too close to your dome, you may not be able to place the airlock on it or it may end flush with your dome making it impossible to walk onto the entrance ramp (you have to fly). This is what happened to me.It'd be nice if after choosing a wall type with your multi-tool if you could change your mind and back out of the decision. It'd also be nice if you could destroy/recycle buildings/structures.In regards to the habitat:Glitch 8) It is possible to jet pack through the roof from the inside sometimes.BTW: My Robot was killed by aliens... Can I ever get a new one? Is the robot companion essential to play further in the game? Maybe I should start over...?"
,Recommended,402710,25767971,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Riipjaws,I haven't been enthralled and scared by a game in a long time! Osiris brought that back.Highly recommend.
,Recommended,402710,25768383,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Pharos,"Only played a couple hours but I am at work looking forward to playing it when I get home. That is a damn good sign for me and knowing that we will soon be able to build ships and travel to other planets just makes my mouth water. Great start in a shaky genre, game is fun as hell already, looking forward to see where the Devs take this one.Oh ya, the Devs also are really open and translucent with us so far, hotfix on day 1 took care of the only problem I had which was no y invert. Thanks guys keep this up and you'll do fantastic!"
76561198040521597,Recommended,402710,25770625,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,krammitman,"So far very fun. It's 1 day after release and the game is already fun albeit very buggy but fun. So long as the devs are diligent in bug squashing and progressing the game depth, then this game could reach it's vast potential. If you don't want buggy gameplay or issues don't invest in EA. If that kind of stuff doesn't bother you then this game is super fun and I have a feeling it's only going to get better."
,Recommended,402710,25770720,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,The Smithlord,Terrible singleplayer experience. I rate the game positively because it's obvious from what I've played of it that it would be a lot of fun in multiplayer. Graphics are gorgeous but performance is choppy even on high end hardware. It screams Early Access (which is fine).
,Recommended,402710,25785375,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,TheCuckening,"I like it! it's a much better version of No Man's Sky and I would recommend it to anyone I know even just from playing an hour of it. I would like to see more building options and the ability to salvage old buildings, maybe that is an option! I don't know! I enjoy the game so far though. Keep up the work."
76561198013466268,Recommended,402710,25788795,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,DeaKing,"this game is really great, and i believe it would be even greater with the upcoming updates."
,Recommended,402710,25810164,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Dr. SeaMonkey,"Great game, amazing graphics, solid gameplay, and really cool idea."
76561198029076482,Recommended,402710,25811076,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Space Lettuce,"This is an early access game done right(or potentiall) For an initial release, this is what it should be. It has all the content expected of an early access game.Now I do fervently hope the developers take this game up to its full potential!I really love this game, and  if you were interested enough to click on the store page and read this review, you will almost certainly really like this game too!"
76561198025844942,Recommended,402710,25815902,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,bulldog1501,last night 2 things happened which i think need to be sorted out went to put down my bio dome came up with green glow around itto say it can be placed no bio dome came but taken the mats for it and if you leave the game with mats in your robot they are gone plus i think it would be good if you could repair the Abandoned Osiris colony
76561198025253702,Recommended,402710,25815921,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,edmundos,Haven't played for too long but it's definitely a good experience so far.Loving the atmosphere and the way it almost feels like a cross between Empyrion: Galactic Survival and The Solus Project.Looking forward to more updates and development.
76561198005724746,Recommended,402710,25825864,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,lynx85,"A very fun game in dev.  It's a bit like Subnautica and Ark but attempting to cover what No Man's Lie was promising.  Now, if they could only mix in some Factorio.  If they did then I would not be playing any other game!"
,Recommended,402710,25832033,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Ice [PCMR],"This is litterally the cut content from no man's sky!!!! This game is so underhyped, under priced and has no lack luster content either. For $25 this is an amazing game where i'm going to play alot. Graphics are a 10/10 , The alien life is wicked diverse and scary as ♥♥♥♥, like the aliens at night are ♥♥♥♥ing nightmare fuel.10/10 would buy again even if it was $60"
,Recommended,402710,25832533,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Lt.John J. Dunbar,Like this a lot....has promise...keep up the good work Devs
,Recommended,402710,25832717,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Koliter,Awesome game ! Looks like the martian the movie!
76561198017029892,Recommended,402710,25832812,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Leg o loss,"Few bugs but great so far, hope they improve the performance over time, but overall this is worth investing into.Will sometimes get a glitch where you see through the world when you turn a certain way, which kinda makes it unplayable.Heres some gameplay I recordedhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QLHPTzvOLaA"
,Recommended,402710,25846840,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Knastcore,Great game so far - slightly lack of content but its Early Access so i dont mind.Had Fun the first 12 Hours - Way more Fun than i had with No Man Sky.So....A very promising Project i love to come back once in a while to see this game growing.Its worth playing but keep in mind for now you will be ready buildiing everything within 20 Hours
76561198049001638,Recommended,402710,25846967,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,tastymac,Graphics and atmosphere draw you right in. Performance is amazing for an Early Access game. Devs are very responsive! BIG FANS OF FENIX FIRE so far!
,Recommended,402710,25798386,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Blumaliscous,"Lots of fun, and pretty graphics to boot.. Despite it's recent release and early access state, there is tons to do, and more to look forward to. Plus no game breaking bugs that I've noticed.You could wait until there is more content, understandably so; but I had a good time with it in its current form.Bought it on a recomendation, and I do not regret my purchase.I feel good about this one."
,Recommended,402710,25810394,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,123,This game will replace ARK
76561198062031875,Recommended,402710,25824644,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,kenedos,"Pros:- Hard working devs that fix game bugs considerably fast- Awesome graphics.- Hand-made worlds are much more interesting than ""randomly"" generated ones.- Interesting crafting system that has a lot of potential.Cons:- Needs a bit of optimization, game graphics are very very heavy and multiplayer is unplayable atm.- Current content has a lot of ""time walls"" of gathering way too much resources due to lack of content to show.- I'm not a fan of giant worms with big teeth.Overall its worth it but if you're a picky person then wait till game has more content to show."
76561198063881130,Recommended,402710,25829242,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Heykittyman,"TL;DRProsGood value ($25) for current and potential stateGood survival base, with some features not yet implementedVery active devs early (please maintain this)Large open worldConsInherent problems with any Early Access gameUnclear information for what things do/how to get certain thingsThis is a wonderful rebound for anyone with that bitter NMS taste in their mouth yet.  There are some survival mechanics besides just food/water/health although they aren't fully fleshed out yet.  The very first issue I encounted was that I was very much thrown into the deep end.  In an open world survival game, this is wanted to an extent, but there are things like controls and what you can do with your tools that you need to know.The game in its current state does have enough value that it is worth supporting the process in early access.  There is a grind for resources, but they don't feel unobtainable.  There are plenty of things to build and some take a very long time so it's not a game I plan on getting bored with.  The devs have been very active in the discussion boards and have released updates almost every day since release so it's promising that they will keep on this project through completion. Please devs, for the love of god let me be right about that.The downsides of this game are mainly due to it being early access.  Overall, I hate early access, but this game sold me on its ideas and didn't let me down yet.  The one planet is already starting to get a little boring as it is pretty drab without very many exciting geographic features.  Also the monsters on it could be pretty scary, but they severly lack animation so instead they seem pretty cheesy.  They are pretty common and easy to kill so they become more of an annoyance than anything.In the end, the game is already a good $25 value and for what they are teasing, this could have very eaily been a $60 release.  The main thing is that cursed early access title.  All I want is for devs to care about a game I invested in early access"
,Recommended,402710,25895647,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Classicsniper00,"The Martian meets Starship Troopers.I've only played the Multiplayer with a buddy of mine and have not yet touched the single player, apart from less bugs I'm sure it's no different.So far the only serious thing I ran into was taking a space ship I had just built into orbit, finding a space sation, EVA-ing over and trying to fly inside only to be b**ch slapped at Mach 5 into Dead Space where I am now floating like Sandra Bullock in ""Gravity"".The worst part was after I force killed myself the Planet texture didn't load and I was able to see the Space Station/Ship floating above taunting me. After shaking my fist at the sky I decided to move on to better things and finish my colony and build a Bio Dome to live out my dreams of being a humble Space Farmer.Final verdict? A great game with a lot of potential. The music and atmosphere is fantastic and the gameplay I think is great. Considering this  was made by two people and it's miles better then ""The Space Game that shall not be named"" (Eowyn's Sky) I think it did quite well. There are a few bugs to kink out but I'm lookin forward to seeing where the devs will take this game. 7/10"
,Recommended,402710,25990020,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,© WαииαBe™  #Fuck You,"i ♥♥♥♥ing love this, looking forwards to updates."
76561198085274690,Recommended,402710,26076337,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Solenya,"I named my droid 'Nemo' because it kept getting lost. He hasn't done it ever since. 10/10 would recommend, great game even though it may seem like every other space sandbox."
,Recommended,402710,26118061,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,クラ,"Osiris: New Dawn - Early AccessIf you wish to see my initial perception of Osiris: New Dawn, you can look at the video below, or skip to see a brief rundown.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=843722844The game was played in single player mode.My likes:-Graphics-Visually, it looked good. There was enough variety to make the world not look TOO similar until you reach the edge of the map. The building and weapon models were all good looking enough.-Music-Liked the music. It was suitable whether you were exploring or fighting aliens and I never felt inclined to turn it off.-The Aliens-Very creepy, in my opinion. I felt they were well made. Made me jump a few times during my playthrough. Especially the sandworm...-Controls-They felt great. It was easy to maneuver around the world with the jetpacks.My gripes:-Glitches-There were quite a bit of them. The most annoying one that I experienced was the hydrogen glitch that consumed the incorrect amount of hydrogen when making plastic, but that got fixed after my initial playthrough. There was also an infinite stamina bug, graphical glitches, and missing sound effects like from your spacecraft. The droid often got stuck behind cliffs. My character got stuck a few times during my playthrough.-Gameplay-A lot of the structures functions are not implemented yet. I played the game blind for hours before using a guide so my initial playthrough was quite frustrating because of that and also certain materials were hard to find. Your experience may vary.Overall, I had a bit of fun with the game, and it shows a lot of promise. It's definitely a game tokeep track of but unless you really want to support the development, I would wait a bit for more content. If I could, I would rate it slightly above mixed, but I'll give it a positive because it's definitely not trash."
,Recommended,402710,26120569,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Panki,"Hi, this is my first review and i decided to do it on Osiris because it is my favorite early access game. I really like the idea of role-play, exploring, finding ressources, build,etc. But as it is in early stage of devellopement we don't have a full game. I played this game for 10 hours in solo to craft everything that's possible to build. I did'nt experiment the multiplayer already because it is'nt stable enough except on private server. I'll would be so happy to see a ""real"" PvE server that's looks like an hardcore survival (waves of aliens), less ressources and much more needs. But I'm confident about devs and community.Update:Since i've been playing this game, devellopers are really listening to the community, which is also very active for the (few) that are still present. This game is on a good way of developement and i hope it will bite some of Adventure Spacial Games !"
76561198304238620,Recommended,402710,25764102,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Zomblerrr Tech Noir,"Great game, will only get better with more content (as it is early access). If you love space exploration then I highly recommend it. Some of the structures and utilities you can make make it feel authentic. Although you will be exploring for materials for a while but you can tweak the settings if you'd like for a highly populated material world. As this game gets more and more developed I'm a 100% it'll be up there with the top survivial crafting games. Can't wait til they add more planets.ALSO, When it's night time and the dust storms hit mixed with the ambient soundtrack/music/ low visibility and alien creatures growling in the distance not knowing how close they are from attacking you, Actually scares the crap out of me sometimes and gets me paranoid"
76561198008527550,Recommended,402710,25769494,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,ElseEight,"For starters this game is awesome, it is definitetly worth the 25$. Osiris: New Dawn to me is a mixture between Dead Space and Ark Survival, Also for any new players that decide to give this game a try.......Fear The Night"
,Recommended,402710,25770805,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Rhodi,"I like the idea of the game, it amazing and pretty.But if you want to play multiplayer, i should wait a minute.If you want to test the game on your PC, try to play it on singleplayer.....it should work fine.Not flawless i guess but still pretty good, it's what i expected from early access."
76561198027968170,Recommended,402710,25772173,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Sidechain,"This is a really good game , the thing is i can't see the boarders of the screen don't know why and on multiplayer after a while it disconects. Please HELPPP!!!"
,Recommended,402710,25776923,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Prototycord,"Ok, so initially I was really frustrated with this game.  But to their credit, it is an early access game.  I had trouble finding some of the early resources, which was annoying.  I had trouble with the night time and storms, but I stuck with it.  Now I am really enjoying it.The most important thing I can say by far is that to get around you need to aquant yourself with the ""e"" button, because that will holster whatever you are holding and allow you to sprint and more importantly jet pack around litterally twice as fast!!!  perhaps that will change eventually since it feels a little cheesy, but for now it is integral for exploration to holster your equipment to get around efficiently.The second most important thing, or perhaps tied, is that you need to make a beacon at your base.  I haven't had this happen myself, but I read that if you log out somewhere then it makes your spawn point that location, meaning that you no longer have a point of reference to where your base is...  But if you make a beacon at your base it will always be accessible if you left click while you have the map in hand to cycle through waypoints.While we are on the subject of locations, make sure to have a pen and paper handy to write down the coordinates (latitude and longitude) of any useful resources you find.The droid is basically useless, except when set to patrol around repairing your damaged buildings, and dies almost immediately in combat when swarmed at night.  However, thankfully it respawns when you reload the game.They still need to fix how terribly slow it is to repair the habitat and all the structures you build however, since spending 20 minutes to slowly tick up the health of each wall and building component is exceedingly tedious to the point of being a complete waste of time for a video game.  But hopefully that will be fixed.  I mean for real, if I build a thing in 5 seconds why the hell should it take several minutes to fix it back up...Also, make sure to build plenty of gas canister things cause your gonna need a but load of gasses to build your stuff.  Though it is also important to note that currently once you use a canister for one type of gas you can only ever refill it with that same type of gas."
,Recommended,402710,25788817,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Elyrien Valkyr,"There needs to be a boost in threat, and consiquence to survival. Aside from that, and the need for additional creation, this feels alot like a playable version of The Martian."
76561198170175355,Recommended,402710,25796839,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Red_Cap,"The game have future if the developer continue to improve it, but as of now the game is still at a really early stage. There is not much to do beside collecting resource and build structure, I have been playing ark for a while and maybe because of that it may affect my opinion on the game play. The 2 hours i put in is consist of getting lost trying to find material get kill repeat and build structure but there no real challenge ( not while i am playing atleast) for example loot system from monsterlike cmon atleast let it drop something for me to be exited about after many near death experience. The crafting system design is in my opinion anoying as i cant just craft the dam thing to carry it or give to my robot, like they gave me a ♥♥♥♥ing PORTABLE dome that you can pack up why cant it be the same. Last just buy it and hope they will continue the game"
,Recommended,402710,25806757,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,GMRgeek 2.0,"I've played 70 minutes on this game so far and already, I am enjoying it much more than no mans sky. There's something satisfying in having to really look for resources and survive that I didn't get in no mans sky. This game feels more fun and enjoyable for me. I've already uninstalled the other game and Osiris: New Dawn is the new space exploration/planet exploration survival game for me."
76561198061042997,Recommended,402710,25809280,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,The Bad Thing,"is good, just wish i can run it better"
,Recommended,402710,25810648,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Cristari,I am enjoying this so far.It's just out and it has all the same content as Starforge I just hope a lot more is done with the game than Starforge ever managed.This game is not ARK in space it is more like Starforge in a lot of ways. You can build everything that is implimented into the game within 13hrs of game play and if you have friends you want to play with only then you can have a private server. You could of course play by yourself or with everyone else as well.It shows promise but at this stage without further development I have to say this game gets a4 out of 10I am recommending it though but would advise you not to expect a lot.This review is temporary and I will change it when more gets added./EarlyAccessReview.
,Recommended,402710,25825981,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Spawn-Trap Gaming,"This game is definitely one of my more favorite Resource Gathering and Building games out there right now.Now, for a serious review.PROS:* Resources are spread out which makes the game take longer to play* Harder to build utilities and structures with low materials (Spread out there)* Allows to build Colonies in Multiplayer* Allows for structure management (Limited Structure Spots in Servers/Games)* Actual spacial events such as storms, meteor impacts, ect.* Actually a real life feeling of surviving without eating and drinking every 5 minutes.  Actually allows for time to play.* FREAKING SPACE WORMS!* Actual alien life forms* Droids to do your biddings (Less cargo space and can order them to do things)CONS:* Still a lot of room to improve with new items, buildings, utilities, resources* Takes a while to find materials to make a forge (Still trying to and been playing for almost a whole day)* Literally no tutorials out there from creators (I know, do it yourself kind of game)* In multiplayer, you can only build so many structures (Need to manage how many structures on multiplayer can build)* Sometimes can take several minutes to load into game.All-In-All, I believe that this game is amazing and can become a very popular survival game if tons of work keeps being poored into this game.  Needs more alien like creatures and minerals as well as other items and buildings but its still an early access game and I cant complain about it.10/10 would get eaten by a gigantic space worm again... Haha"
,Recommended,402710,25956872,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,analthrasher69,"Osiris: New Dawn is a very mixed bag of a game on release. It is full of glitches that make the game unplayable at points, and online public servers are a mess. But damn, this is a good game nevertheless. An extremely ambitious game, made by two people (yeah, two people!). This game is beautiful. The skyboxes are some of the best I've ever seen in a video game. I got lost just wandering looking at the sky for awhile. But where this game shines is the world. Its a survival game that actually feels like its alive. Not quite enough monsters in the game (even at night), but still full of life. I would hold off on buying it for a few months, so they can work out the kinks in the game... But this is definitely worth a buy."
76561198008586555,Recommended,402710,26069204,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,jf-schneider,"Really good game. Very interesting, it just feel good to explore this new world. For all the explorers and builders out there, come check it out. And don't be afraid of the dark."
76561197982108488,Recommended,402710,26121682,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Mr.Red,"Love this game, it is what No mans Sky was trying to be. Cant wait for more content!"
76561198072012724,Recommended,402710,26121796,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,PBnJ Ninja,This is a great game.
76561198040839461,Recommended,402710,26144197,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,mcathey0,So first off remember the game still isn't totally finished yet. That being said minor bugs will happen. But in all honesty for it being in the stage that its in I'm having a blast and have only ran into a few problems. Droid getting stuck in trees won't run around them when having him mine materials. Gas tanks wouldn't build and a few other small things but the game is fun and I'm totally pumped to see where this goes. Thank you for fixing my bordom!!!
76561198029866644,Recommended,402710,25744683,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Jim19971,"Only played a couple of hours on early access release, and already finding a promising and refined game, thats great fun and easily immersive. Looking forward to futher updates and content."
,Recommended,402710,25758705,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,The Russian Cthulhu,"I currently have 1 hour on this game so here are the first impressions:THe game needs a bit of optimisation, BUT it's really good! The space setting with a variety of aliens is awesome!In the first 5 mins of the game I saw a GIANT DUNE WORM and  first got spooked and had a 'WEOW"" moment.The game looks really nice even on low settings! It's has just launched and I'd say that is a fairly decent launch state of the  game! looking forward to more options and content!p.s. pls add a bit more options to the video settings."
76561198094966895,Recommended,402710,25758910,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,CarltonBanks.Bel-air,"I know its early but access but i wouldnt get this game yet im getting 15 fps and my computer is actually pretty good the crafting system is pretty basic and not much stuff to do i would wait a couple of months then come back to this thats what im gunna do and then ill update this reviewUPDATEDi am very impressed with how quickly my issue was addressed by the develeporsand i want to thank them very much for it. every since the last couple of updates the game has been running beautifly and i am injoying the game very much, the world is very beatiful and i've been able to get deeper into the crafting system and i love it. I am looking forward to the progress of this game and have a lot of hope for it."
76561198014162577,Recommended,402710,25766417,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,2014Dutch,"Beautiful, exciting, atmospheric and very well done. After the dissapointment of NMS a breath of fresh air....."
,Recommended,402710,25768260,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Chivalrous Echo,"This game has so much promise, but there are so many bugs right now. The creatures on the planet move eratically and seem to glide over the terrain (in circles sometimes), rather than walk along it. Theres a bug that has pretty much prevented me from making anymore progress, since I reached a building limit on the planet...in singleplayer. (Apparently an untold number of inflatable domes spawned and took up all the building spots.) Destroying buildings does not delete them from this list yet either. (I'm under the impression that the building duplicates respawn inside one another each time you spawn, which is why the building limit was reached so quickly for me.)The game looks awesome and the weather effects and screen effects really help immerse you into this alien world. The creatures are fairly original and I really enjoy the recoil effect from being hit. However, I've found that hunting resources down becomes tedious quickly in the beginning. Since I can no longer progress, I'm going to have to restart the whole game to test the radar for finding resources, if its available to build. Some buildings have yet to be set up and cannot be constructed, even though they are listed as available.I'm very confident the developers will make this into a phenomenal game. It's a small team and they are taking on a big project, so they will need all the support and feedback they can get. Even in it's current form, it's decent enough to play, but it currently isn't worth its price tag. I recommend the game, I don't recommend getting it for the price at the moment though."
76561198176096229,Recommended,402710,25769991,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,spartanwolfalpha,"Great game all and all ,game has alot of potential.couple of things can be improved on but that's expected being early access game.i wish they would add a controller option, so i can use my xbox elite controller,can you add radar and map to your mask and add more weapons ,add more varieties of creatures..."
76561198006738329,Recommended,402710,25771355,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,NorseKorean,"EARLY ACCESS REVIEWEarly Access. We should all know what this means, but apparently many do not. For a game STILL in development, this is showing some promise. There's alot to look forward to in this title, and can still provide a few hours of fun with some friends, but by no means is it feature complete, and people who are bored looking to jump into the next new thing (Me.) should be wary.As stated, for an early access title still in development, this game so far is great! The textures, the look of the creatures, the world, the lighting, it's all beautiful. Surprisingly it also runs like a hot knife through butter. Gun play is standard fare, kind of reminds me of HALO, but you know, much simpler as there are only two useable guns at the time of me writing this review.It can genuinely be terrifying at night time with some of the strange aliens attacking your base, giving it an almost 7 Days To Die meets Starship Troopers feel, and again the aesthetics of the creatures are amazing, the giant sandworm (FOR SHAI'HALUD!"") scared the crap out of me the first time I saw it flying towards me, its mouth agape.Mining feels solid, and you don't need too many pieces to construct the various objects currently in the game.Ah crafting, this is where the current weakness of the game resides. It's lackluster, with only a few recipes. Some buildings are buildable, but not yet functional, but still they look great! Rather than going the route of Minecraft or Empyrion, this time around the structures are prefabricated giving it the look of a space colony instead of allowing you to build a medieval castle love hotel, which I do like. They are customizable in that once you place the frame down, you have different options, like windows, a connecting tunnel, a solid wall, etc.Vehicles, I imagine will work the same, in that they are prefabricated models instead of building one yourself from scratch, but I can't comment nor review their use due to them not being yet implemented at the time of this review.For an early access title, this shows alot of potential, but we've seen it all before right? A game shows lots of potential, but then the devs lose sight, give in to too many changes, or simply abandon the project. Only time will tell what Osirs: New Dawn becomes, but so far...it's looking great."
76561198126391127,Recommended,402710,25784636,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,slothraider,"its an ok game for early access, but i just wish that if your in a colony that you would be able to build next to them instead of 6000 meters away from them. i hope that is something that gets fixed sometime soon. that and the leveling system is kinda ehhh......"
76561198170791310,Recommended,402710,25789635,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Road Runner,now i got my spaceship but i cant refueld as gas tanks dont work
,Recommended,402710,25810801,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,BK,Myatt Damon would approve
76561198053703826,Recommended,402710,25823607,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,TyrOdinSon,I enjoyed this game very much. I like space stuff a lot and since first trailer reminded me of Marsian book/movie i knew it for me :) Its a little rough on the edges but hell its Early Acces and i knew it when i bought it. If the developers will be taking care of it like they did till now i see Osiris becoming great game !!!
,Recommended,402710,25826174,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Paul,">Get in>whatsgoingon.jpeg>Oh look it says in the top right>""Grab survival kit"" Okay that's what I expected>""Grab Inflatable Dome"" So good so far>""Grab ammunition kit"" Ahh no worries I won't need this>Make the dome>Look for resources>Oh damn it's getting dark, atleast I have my pet robot I renamed 'Paulo' to protect me15 minutes later>Oh hey where'd Paulo get off too?>Hear sound""Must be Paulo."">Hear screeching noise>Shitmypants.png>Turn around>See giant spider monster leap right at me>Roll over>Cry"
76561197971067495,Recommended,402710,25829043,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,FourFeathers,"Played - Single player, Multiplayer private server (co-op)For only being a few hours in, Osiris has grabbed me in a way I didn't expect it to.Having several early access titles already under my belt (which has been a mostly positive experience in itself), I wasn't expecting the game to feel as far along as it does. For all that the current content IS limited (a single planet, not all crafted structures working or fully functional, not all character classes / skills implemented) the game already provides plenty to do and work at.. enough to keep me busy and content for many more hours. Saying that, the dev team are very active, with 3 decent content upgrades already and plenty evidence of their commitment to bug fixing and listening to the community's input.The settings for play allow for a decent breadth of challenge.. from easy going crafting/ harvesting to challenging fight for survival and it's something that, as more features are enabled, I can see the potential in big time.Hugely satisfied with my investment and expecting a whole lot more satisfaction to come.Absolutely GREAT game.. 10/10"
76561198060954158,Recommended,402710,25830977,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,ConFooFighting,"Jumped into a world that looks like mars. Few resourse around and a few creatures. going pretty well im following the missions i get stuck on build a ""forge"" i stumbled around with my robot buddy looking for about an hour for some titanium that i did not find! :Din the distance i sore something that looked like a huge worm skelington... i investigate... HUGE♥♥♥♥♥WORM JUMPS OUT THE FLOOR AND ♥♥♥♥ING SWOLLOWS ME!After a few restarts getting the hand of the game and... HUGE♥♥♥♥♥WORM AGAIN!!FINALY i found some ♥♥♥♥ing titanium. i build my forge carrying on with missions and hay ho i need to find magnesium... an hour and a few huge♥♥♥♥♥worms later i manage to build my things and manage to build my base, i built the walls and got my robot gathering resourses.. things look pretty magical right about now... but wait my base roof looks like its not built i jumped to see if it was closed off and low and behold!!!! im stuck in the ♥♥♥♥ing roof not able to carry on -_-!i cant give a rating on this game since its still being built but things look pretty magical and i hope when more work and more updates come out its going to be a pretty awesome game!"
,Recommended,402710,25831207,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Lazarus (cubeboy),"This game is beautiful and has VERy smooth gameplay for early access + 4 days after launch.  For those with Multi-Moniter displays, it runs perfectly with the EXCEPTION of first person, the mask doesn;t cover everything, but i prefer third person anyway, so no problem there :)"
,Recommended,402710,26069222,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,txknight45,Really wish you started out with a mini bike or something. Takes way too long to start getting around quickly. Other then that the game is great.
76561198146190651,Recommended,402710,26079463,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Dktmac619,really good game just wish we had a bigger map to see what we clear and mark spot like that
76561198133669041,Recommended,402710,26085087,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Neo,"Great game..had to restart a couple of times but once you get the jist of it, its a fun game!!!"
76561198097523195,Recommended,402710,26085923,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,in4thekill,"I like the concept, it is similar to Subnautica which I like, but I feel this is at to early a stage for early release.  I find the climate changes to often.  If you die you have lost all your equipment and you cannot fight aliens, so better to start the game again.  More upgrades quickly please."
76561198038796131,Recommended,402710,26093428,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Cpt,"Enjoy the game allot. looking forward to seeing the finished product as it feels that it still has room to grow.Few negatives (could just be  my experience) felt like there was too much dust storms. feels like im walking blind 90% of the time playing the game. the night i dont mind being blind but when youve waited a while for day time then you venture out only to be unable to see for almost a full day.The helper needs to be able to get out of craters and be able to move around large pillars.@devs, good job sorfar :D"
76561198097059607,Recommended,402710,25797046,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Busson,"spent hours building a base, finally built a spaceship, fly out into space, disconnect, spaceship is stuck in space10/10 would fly again"
76561198209698487,Recommended,402710,25805843,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,fabianherobrine,I LOVE THIS GAME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198193395382,Recommended,402710,25902002,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Shadespectre,enjoyed whay ive played of single player but now unable to join any public servers as building capacity is full on every one ive tried. Also would like to see seperate spawn points around the planet instead of starting players all in the same spot.otherwise exellent survival game with heaps of potential.
,Recommended,402710,25955677,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Yubel,"The game itself is a great idea, I feel that its very limited at the momeny. I have gotten as far as I can at this point, I've built everything there is to build so far and just have been stocking up by now. I mainly check the game daily for updates but other than that, good game. Interesting builds and has a ton of potential. Wish the space station was working!!"
76561198148431415,Recommended,402710,25764720,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Tonkatsutori,"Sitting down after investing 5 hours into the game(Single Player), I like it. (Do note that this game is still in Early Access and as such will change in future.)Stuck on a planet with your floating robot companion who functions as a sentry, a mobile storage and also a guard, you get to set yourself up on a seemly resource filled planet.Build up your base, but be prepared to fend off the local fauna as they can be rather aggressive and will not hesitate to take a potshot at you.Mining can be fun but the hunt for them will make you run several hundreds of meters away from your home base. Carrying too much will make you encumberred and slow you down, any more than that will make you unable to run or use any of your tools.The maps are huge from the initial start and there are resources lying around for you to start.The ingame tools can be rather confusing, such as the map tool which does not indicate your base however acts more like a compass instead. Others are self explainatory such as the assault rifle or shovel which needs to be crafted.The crafting system is fun to experiment with however it could be improved.Do note that there will be bugs to content with and the devs will definitely need to patch them to ensure a better overall gameplay.I will continue supporting the devs and hope that they are able to make the necessary improvements before they release the full game."
,Recommended,402710,25784873,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Aegous,Currently I only recommend this game if you're looking for a singleplayer experience as the multiplayer is very buggy and pretty much unplayable at this point in time. I've played and got quite a bit done within a singeplayer game and I've not had a single bug occur yet and the game itself is very good.If you want to play with your friend then don't buy it at the moment as you'll all spawn far away from each other and if you leave the server then it will just respawn you somewhere else like you never played it and entirely forget that you put a dome down and saved within it.
76561198086878858,Recommended,402710,25788489,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,The8thSin,"This game is so cool and i wanted to play so badly! My laptop has a GTX860 and a i7 but still even with everything on low, i have low frames :( Im totally gonna get a better set up just so i can play. This game has a TON of potential, im excited to see where it goes."
76561198027791763,Recommended,402710,25807812,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,MaxFactor,"What's up ppl!So after playing Osiris: New Dawn for around 8 hours i got to say i'm impressed that i just had to write a review on this game, this is my first review.Osiris: New Dawn is a sci-fi survival game which inclused everything other survival games have specially Ark and includes everything other suvival games don't have! It`s in early access and there are bugs, glitches also items that don't have any function at all and are worthless to craft (check the discussion boards for info on which those are!) but it does not stop you from really playing the game and experiencing an awesome time non the less you will hit a time where you have everything craft and you've left the planet, most likely tried to go to another planet and that is all you can do until they add more to the game. The graphics are very good, the details on your hud are really nice to watch during storms, seeing other planets just makes you wanna leave and travel to them because they look so amazing! The planet you crashland on is insanely huge but once you reach a certain distance it's all plain desert and nothing spawns, which i'm pretty sure they will keep adding and changing things within time. Having a Droid to help you farm (when it actully works) is a really good idea and i loved it the AI on the droid though..gets stuck on buildings or basically anything on it's path towards materials, i'm hoping that that get's looked into! Fighting the Aliens was fun at first specially at nights and during a storm but got really repetative and buggy after a while because it's the same rotation of attacks towards your base. The developers are constantly updating and fixing the game and from other early access games i really gotta give it to the team working on this project keeping the community informed and updated on what is being worked on and what has been fixed and what else is planned for the game!!Pros:Sci-Fi SurvivalBeautiful graphicsSpace travel (which will be added more in time)Crafting is pretty good (some items don't work which will be fixed and more added in time)Combat and weapons are funVehicles are insane fun specially the Hover Bike :)Cons:The Droid AI needs some work.paint jobs on buildings and vehicles does not work (and if, it resets after you quit the game)the Lithium cave was kind of a let downAliens are weak and easy dodgeable even with the settings on hard!The game itself is a little too easy as a survival gamethere isn't really much of a chalangeno fall damageplacing buildings was kind of a struggle specially the laboratory because you dont see where front and back is..Health and thirst replenishes after restart.Glitches and bug which are normal for early access so not really a conThink i summed up most of what i remember.Breakdown:I would totally recommend Osiris: New Dawn to anyone that likes survival games or even Sci-Fi Space games because there is at its current stage quite a lot to do and it's really fun to play and seeing how the Developer team is constantly working and fixing stuff! i can't wait to see what else will be coming with time!"
,Recommended,402710,25827889,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Mooo25,"Cool game, I can see it being a great game when fully finished.It's more of a crafting game than survival, but the crafting is well done, and the survival is done well since it doesn't bug you constantly.Keep in mind this is early access.  It has bugs.  Plenty, but it is still fun nontheless.If you aren't prepared to play and experience bugs (and if you want to be super helpful, provide feedback), then wait and don't buy it yet."
,Recommended,402710,25831518,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,WitchieWoman,"I am pleasently surprised.  I got this after a recomendation from one of my friends and it is definately like Ark Survival meets space.  Went in with only that bit of info and had a blast.  For early access, it is definately a lot of fun.  Can't wait for more updates and additions so that my little group can continue to craft items."
76561197998881490,Recommended,402710,25832886,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,nerd.o.love,"Alpha release so its more of a framework it looks like at this point. The main mechanics work, and are surprisingly good for this stage of the game. Had vehicles, corpses and resources poof a few times. If you aren't into the ""not quite there yet"" feel, or if you have a tight budget, maybe give it a little time. Ive played a number of hours though and the visual are fantastic. Once you get the basic methods down the game takes right off, but then you eat up all the content and want to start a new game just to enjoy the rush of your first vehicle mounted bug hunt.Coop is MUCH more fun than solo, and way faster."
76561198017766929,Recommended,402710,25841385,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Narbar,"The potencial of this game is amazing, it already runs much smoother than most early access games and it looks stunning.  I  am glad ive brought it already as even without the content that is obviously missing from a early access game ive enjoyed it and cant wait for the updates to come.Bear in mind before you buy the game it is early access and is not the cheapest game, if you wanna spend your money on a complete game dont buy it, if you wanna help support this game and hopefully help it reach its full potencial then buy away :)"
76561198006869359,Recommended,402710,25853450,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Eagalius,"Realy great game considering its so early on in development - very excited for the future.Would be good to have different vehicles having different sized inventories. So for example, the Rover which is big, slow and doesn’t have weapons should have the largest whereas the Hover Bike maybe should have the smallest storage.Also, maybe have some creatures which are not agressive and creatures which do their own thing and feed on other creatures."
76561198057033058,Recommended,402710,25880620,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,MoonHowl,"I really love how the game is evolving.I read good and bad comments and saw that people lack of good criteria to try the game as they rant about game not being ready.developers event stated ""expect bugs"" but I barely found some.I really like this."
76561198140959873,Recommended,402710,25893217,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,cork25,"This is a very fun game! As some others have said, this is like Ark: survival Evolved in space! i have found some bugs but nothing serious. and its very early yet so im sure things will pick up very quickly."
76561197989592611,Recommended,402710,26136835,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,vincentditta,"If you like building stuff and exploring, you will love this game. In a word...Fun!"
,Recommended,402710,25745818,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Wilddemoncat,"Very good game so far, I really look forward to what its going to be.  But even now am enjoying it.  Is it finished? no but it got a good base."
,Recommended,402710,25763678,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Gee,"Solid game so far. Much better than a lot of other early access games I've played. Not a huge amount to do so far other than mine a few minerals, craft a few buildings, shoot a few aliens... but you can tell instantly the potential is huge. Can't wait to see what they do with this game!"
76561198033321486,Recommended,402710,25767687,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,For23,The idea of pvp faction warfare in a survival game is the right idea.
76561198023766224,Recommended,402710,25769967,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Bassad,How can I to change the view distance? I cannot move the bar
,Recommended,402710,25770271,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,zonen04,"It's a good game, that's in early access but has the potential to be great.  The allure of roaming a random planet and building a colony is fun.  Some of the current creatures in the game are neat, and slightly creepy.  There are bugs that exist, and it will take time for the game to really develop, but its got alot of promise."
76561197977255754,Recommended,402710,25788606,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Sarah,Buy it.
,Recommended,402710,25796358,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,DioxideC,"Crafting simulator 2016,10/10 would craft again.Jokes aside. Its a really nice looking game, has great potential, miles better then NMS. the fact you can eventually build your own vehicles and get an ecosystem going on the planet is awesome."
,Recommended,402710,25815700,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,PayneTrainGaming,So far my experience with this has been interesting i urge people to give it a shot! i mean lets forget No mans sky haha this game as an aplha looks and plays really well i mean there are a few things that could be inproved but again alpha you know im sure these will be improved! but yeah i like it and the price is perfect and i cant wait to see this now in the future when its done!
,Recommended,402710,25831698,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Voidgangsta,"Start singleplayer. 3rd person is beautiful, fluid motions, not too complicated to learn.Died by a giant worm 3 times that I can't even dodge in time because it's so huge.Didn't find out my corpse remains after death. Lose my guns by the time I realize.Spent almost an hour looking for plutonium needed to actually play the game.Get fed up so I go to test multiplayer. Most of the pings are shown to be good. Join the first server and I can't do anything without lagging every where. Can't even shoot an alien because it's teleporting. Same thing on the second and third server,Overall it was really good, but this game is Early Access for a reason... I don't see how they could go wrong if they decide to add more content, but for right now the multiplayer really needs to be fixed and finding resources.Refunded."
,Recommended,402710,25841540,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Vildhjarta,"Myself, Personally, am loving this game. It is an ALPHA, and most people keep forgetting that, or don't read the fine print. I KNOW it's an Alpha, but it is already very fun as it sits right now. This game has so much potential that it's making me overjoyed ^_^ I definitely say you all should back this game. It blows my mind that there is such a small team working on this and how much they have done so far. They also put out updates and keep everything up to date on what they plan on doing. Cheers ^_^ buy this game even if it means letting it sit in your library for a bit until they add a lot more stuff, and fix bugs."
76561198060969985,Recommended,402710,25847582,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Pig Prince,pretty fun
76561198005859234,Recommended,402710,25880870,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Circeseye,i like the game. the devs talk to people in the forum and they are doing their best to push updates. people just remember. this is a early access in ALPHA. dont expect everything to run be perfect or work correctly. if your buying this game thinking that dont complain when things dont work right and crap. to many idiots buying and complaining like its a complete game.
76561198130714378,Recommended,402710,25895006,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Spooky Ghostie,it was fun for the 1.8 hours but i have to launch it through steam but it now wont work
,Recommended,402710,25898236,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,aKindabigdeal,Body disappears way to quick but in my own opinion this is the best survival game that I have played yet.  Personally the survival genre has been a dissappointing experience for the most part.I am still trying to put my finger on what sets this game a part from the others but there is definately something more enjoyable or rewarding going on while playing this game.It's has some bugs as to be expected but not any serious issues.I am really excited to see what happens with this game and its nice to be impressed by a game again..  Doesn't happen very often these days.If you can't handle anything but a polished and complete game then you might want to wait.If you were let down by No Man's Sky or looking to play something much closer to what  we thought that was supposed to be then by all means check it out.
,Recommended,402710,25957478,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Destroierrr9,Super fun game 25 bucks worth it I guess. Cant wait for more content. Wish the beacons could be renamable thats all really. Hover bike is fun havnt got the will power to grind the other vehicles.
76561197965852620,Recommended,402710,25957535,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Aguacate,"So I buy this game, download it and hop right on into my first hour of gameplay. I started mining some resources and was able to build some kind of forge. Awesome, but now I needed new resources to build some new cool stuff on this forge, so I decide to take an exploration trip, In my first minute I encounter this big insect kind species, didnt seem aggresive but it was giant a nope, and al nopes should be exterminated.So I took a breath, thinking this would be hard to kill, take my pistol out and start shooting. Well, the 3m long giant cockroach died with only 3 shots, so I told myself, well the inhabitants in Nope-Planet arent so tough after all. I kept up looking for my required resources, climb a mountain and I can spot some new lumps of resources, I was excited, I finally found new resources, so I decide to run towards them and see closely what I found, there were no alien species around, so I decided to approach at double time.After running, my character's heartbeat increases and oxygen levels decrease, so I have to slow down for a minute to recover stamina and oxygen levels. Then it happened. A big, huge, no...Monumental event. I just see this ♥♥♥♥ing enourmous gigantic worm like creature (2 times the Empire state building, for scale) come out of the ground jumping half a klick away towards me, this was the moment I knew I ♥♥♥♥ed up.I didnt even try to run, I just stood there, watching the ♥♥♥♥ing gigantic enourmous worm performing a ""free willy"" jump towards me, within seconds, landed with his mouth towards the ground, me being swallowed and buried into oblivion at the same time.Would get swallowed by a gigantic humongous Nope again 11/10"
76561198323795657,Recommended,402710,25990481,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,kalebrodriquez15,I recently downloaded Osiris new dawn because I saw markiplier  play it on his YouTube channel and since I am new to computer games I downloaded the game not knowing the laptop I have cannot meet the minimum requirements but can reach the requirements for sub Nautica  and I sadly had to delete the game and get a refund I just wish the developers would consider making it possible for computers like mine to be able to play the game all they have to do is make the minimum like subnautica because I am not going to buy a new laptop when I just go one a couple of weeks ago but  I really want to play the game and will buy it again If they do
,Recommended,402710,26123006,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,bravehound,"Super impressed by even this early access version. I've never really enjoyed survival style games, but I was instantly addicted to the gameplay and the tutorial was just enough to nudge someone like me in the right direction.World is beautiful, storms creatures are terrifying and found the combination of everything to be tremendously immersive."
,Recommended,402710,25758329,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,CoffeeRun,"This game, although early access, has a firm foothold in terms of gameplay, polish, and entertainment.  I am certainly looking forward to its progression.My experience thus far:* Singleplayer: stable.** Multiplayer: stable.*** Overall product: stable.Recommended."
,Recommended,402710,26184252,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,AztecAngelo,Great game with an amazing dev team which not only pumps out content and updates quickly but has good communication with its gamers. This is basically turning into what no man sky should have been
76561198322374158,Recommended,402710,25763676,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,dee2jay,Excellent game. Everything No Man's Sky should have been
,Recommended,402710,25770991,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Smalls,"So far so good, had a couple framerate drops, but it is pretty damn fun to learn."
,Recommended,402710,25784956,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,MAX,BuggyA little:)but gaming in planet and drive with cars are greatbetter Than NoMansSkyI wish bugs will be fix:)buy this game
76561198077090235,Recommended,402710,25847903,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Aquarius,Osiris New Dawn is so much better than... some other game I Know... cough* cough* No man's sky cough* cough*
,Recommended,402710,25895992,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,natintin,"This game is awesome! 1.2 hrs in, and this is what I have to say:Pros- Great survival aspect.  Reminds me of Subnautica.- Graphics are superb!  Make sure your PC had handle them tho.- FPS combat is clean and easy to adapt to.- Its HARD, but fun when you get the hang of it.- The aliens that come out at night.  Look like the freakn Demogorgon from Stranger Things.  Scared me so bad...- Sound is quite realistic.- I feel like I'm Mark Watney from The Martian.Cons :(- Really difficult first time starting out.- Kinda feels like it has a slow progression??? It IS in early access tho, so I wont be too harsh.Summary:  BUY IT!  If you like games like Subnautica and ARK Survival Evolved, then get it!!!"
76561198141165004,Recommended,402710,25986888,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Bakesy,You can die by getting stuck in your base ceiling.
76561198216020013,Recommended,402710,25990080,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,kevinam,its a realy good game but its laging on my desk top so if you could do something to improve the lag that would be greatly apratiated.
76561198093565137,Recommended,402710,26075029,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,MR CR-Z,"'Insert unoriginal Matt Damon Simulator 2016 joke here'Seriously though, If you turn off the aliens this is a pretty good 'The Martian' simulator. If you keep the aliens on it's a pretty good 'The Martian meets the War of the Worlds' simulator."
76561198198106263,Recommended,402710,26118900,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,YayLmao,Good But why Can't i Change my view Distance?
,Recommended,402710,26181372,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,dracarys,yes
,Recommended,402710,25764046,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Maythorn,"DON'T GET THIS IF YOU CAN'T HANDLE INCOMPLETE GAMES!!That being said.. This game is two things I hate: survival and a shooter.And I love it.I decided to buy in now at Early Access because I'm a fan of Fenix Fire Entertainment. I will pretty much just give them my money if it will help Source get completed.But I've been very surprised with how much I like Osiris New Dawn to scratch that Sandbox urge I get every now and then.So far there is only one planet and the game is over all very incomplete and in need of much expanding and fixing. But from this one planet, I can see the scope of what they want to build. I think it will be pretty neat.The landscape is surreal in a way, being the moon if a nearby ringed planet. The barren earth and scary creatures give a real otherworldly sense of going into survival mode in unfamiliar territory. I love that we can change the levels of different aspects of gameplay to manipulate the difficulty. For example, we can change how ""infested"" the world is with monsters.There have been a few hiccups with getting the multi player servers going, but the two-man team at Fenix Fire has been very transparent and proactive in communicating with players and fixing issues as quickly as they can. I've been massively impressed with just how much attention they've been giving us while still managing to fix things. It's incredible.Side note: By the way, the minimum requirements say GTX 680, but I'm using an old GTX 660M and it really isn't so bad."
76561198160791836,Recommended,402710,25772254,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,G-Man,"So far so good as long as the devs keep up with the updates, listen to player feedback and dont abandon it this game will have no problem being a hit when its fully releasedthis is what NO MANS D**K should of been"
,Recommended,402710,25789392,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Zurakci,"This game is simply a yummy treat to look at. The Animations of everything is well done, the building (while highly annoying) rewards you for how much of everything you need to do before just even the single structure is up, THEN YOU NEED TO PUT WALL ON IT! YOU ARE NOT DONE YET! AHAHHAH!No but seriously, I see good potential in this game as a damn good multiplayer survival game. So far even in Singleplayer this game is much fun. I will recommend this game.(PS... Mechs and Giant Space Worms)"
76561197966737244,Recommended,402710,25795860,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Envisage - Hellcase.com,"Needs non american servers ASAP, ping dependant, but rather good.  Don't bother with single player, nothing but a grind experience, like games like rust, requires active player groups in order to reach it's potential.  Buy with, or for your friends, or don't buy at all IMHO.  But it is actually a beautifully cradted game with some incredible artistry involved.Also, the scare moments when you start are for real."
76561197997971531,Recommended,402710,25796506,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Forzian,"So far I have only played single player, so keep that in mind. The atmosphere of this game is incredible! The visuals and music really do an amazing job making you feel like you are exploring an alien planet. The critters I have encountered so far seem varied and some are quite creepy, especially at night! It makes me wonder how they fit into the planet's ecosystem. I'd love to see them fighting each other, working together, etc.I really like the idea of the modular structures. It gives you some freedom to design your base yet keeps it very clean and organized. They also look very similar to something I'd imagine NASA using, which really helps that sense of immersion.There are bugs and glitches, and a lot of content is missing, but what's available now i am finding quite enjoyable. Hopefully the dev's maintain a steady patch schedule, and stay active on the forums like they have been the past couple days since release."
76561198049874703,Recommended,402710,25797866,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Loerpert,What's already good:- Graphics- Gameplay! (very addictive)- Music- Interface (HUD)- Crafting- Controls- Creating matchesWhat could be better:- Resource balancing (map positions etc.)- More content- Some minor things
76561198157937717,Recommended,402710,25808411,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Andy,took me 7 hours to escape neverending onslaught on the surface then i found out theres nowhere else to go fml
76561198010346043,Recommended,402710,25810319,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Hyde,"I like the game so far but there is a lot to fill some featurs are pointless in the current build like the Rover ( should have a lot of inventory there is no use for this vehicle since you have a Hoverbike). At the moment it feels more than demo than a early acces game but it´s great i love the feeling. What i miss are diffrent INTRESSTING LOCTAIONS ( i dont mean rocks with this one,.... rocks are cool but hey that´s just rocks, but i think you already planed to build some world story to discover). I also miss some AI the AI is ok not that great but it works from time to time. I also miss some sort of combat system, the combat system feels a bit odd but i guess they will work this over when the time comes. Great game so far :) keep it up plz"
76561198019244999,Recommended,402710,25811212,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Satiro Volante,"Bearing in mind that it is still in Alpha and has lots of bugs and missing content:So far the game is excellent.Music and atmosphere are amazing!Seriously,  AAA level stuff there.Shooting is fun, nights are really creepy.Very promising, looking forward to the updates."
76561198055253156,Recommended,402710,25854752,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,XzZa,I lost my robot. Where can i get it back?
76561198078143273,Recommended,402710,25894850,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Mouful,hOW DO I build a droid?! I got the labratory  but it only will build vehicles!
76561198034818543,Recommended,402710,25895260,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Taylor7,Great game!!! Loved Ark and can see this been even betta.
76561197972559582,Recommended,402710,25956288,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,8byteTassadar,"Really enjoy the game but writing this instead of playing it due to some of the ""bad"" section issues. -edit- (For sure this is a long laundry list and there are more pressing concerns, I just wanted to voice some opinions and ideas. By no means do I expect all of this to already be in the game)Good:I like how this game has chosen non-procedural voxels. The prefab terrain and building structures will allow for better performance without a massive team and 3 years of coding magic.Weather is a big plus on this game.Aliens art style; AI, and variety is great and the AI “pack mentality” is fun.Game looks aesthetically pleasing.Having a robot who can mine for you is nice, cuts down on the monotony of mining. It would be nice if it could harvest gas as well. Or if you could assign a specific ore/gas to mine instead of an area as they chose the wrong one sometimes.Game for the most part is very immersive, aside from a few game play elements.Exploring feels fun and dangerous (15 hours in). I enjoyed exploring and killing various creatures.Game already has sliders for difficulty and preference; this is a good start in the right direction.Bad:Infinite oxygen needs to not be infinite in both the dome and suit this is immersion breaking (mods or sliders is fine) edit (I did read that the devs wanted to use oxygen reclamation but it would be nice to see a rate that it is being filled; the gas content in the atmosphere; and perhaps a game option for difficulty would add a slower rate that the suits fills oxygen) (perhaps only buildings are capable of oxygen converters, whatever we are calling them... leaving the suit to limited oxygen).Alien spit didn’t seem to have any effect.No way to scan for needed gas/minerals (finding lithium was not just a time sink/difficult but a bit frustrating).Buildings don’t seem to take any damage from creatures (damage and ripping/depressurization should be a thing) (may be a bug), immersion breaking.I was very disappointed that the weather does not damage suit or buildings (Needs a mod or slider), immersion breaking.Why craft rubber when there are rubber trees? edit (Yes I do agree it is a nice secondary option, the resources to craft it seem high though). Path finding of the robot is bad, immersion breaking. edit (by this I mean if you have him mine, if you built a building to close to another, or rock/tree get in the way he will get stuck. I work around this of course by making containers close by or holding his hand)Robot should break down, and stop hovering when dead, and on further damage break and disappear. The fact that it doesn’t is immersion breaking.I’d like a one life/hardcore mode that when I die I must start a new game. When playing single player respawning in this game feels immersion breaking.Allow repairing of the robot with a tool, reloading the game for the robot is immersion breaking. -edit- (Do solar panels heal the robot?)Solar panels are gigantic; it was a bit odd when first placing them. Perhaps start off with a smaller panel? A bit immersion breaking.Some items like beacons need to be craft able into an item instead of holding the materials and crafting it where you need it.You should be able to switch weapons while jet packing, immersion breaking.The AI so far for mobs seems more advanced than other open survival games, yet the range they attack and seems odd. You can mow down a giant armored spider with a gun without it even being near you.You should be able to craft from the forge without requiring materials in your inventory; this goes for other crafting stations as well.There is no way to recall the drone/robot when needed.The creation of items/buildings/vehicles needs some work aesthetically.Jumping around and boosting feels off, and the gas needed for the lift feels off.No automatic grouping/sorting of minerals and items.edit As of writing this customization colors and customization names do not work on many buildings/vehicles/ectIdeas:Smaller solar panels should be the first craft able panel, dust storms should cover these.Death could be more entertaining if there were “cut scenes” or scripted events; perhaps give some creatures the ability to drag to their lair or drag and eat something of the sort instead of just death. Perhaps they just stab you, and leave you to die as you watch your broken visor deplete of air.Character should be able to be impaled by both creatures and fauna, with visual representation of this (aka needles stuck in your body) and perhaps an option to remove or not remove these, chance of poison if not removed ect. There are dangerous creatures but not so much danger in the plant life; I think there could be some interesting variety added here.Aliens if static spawning should come from the ground or a burrow, though dynamic spawning would be ideal (and not from the sky… spiders I’m looking at you.) (Immersion breaking).Decisions that affect the entire world would be good; capping all gas geysers having an effect or a large explosion/fire consuming all oxygen. I haven’t though this out but having the character affect something globally would be nice.Having “equipment slots” for weapons; robots, vehicles, suits would be nice so that you could swap out the guns on your companion robot or switch out the engines on your spaceship.Reddit post as of 4:41 pm CST October 9 2016"
76561198230158244,Recommended,402710,25957599,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,PATRICK!,"This game is what fills the hole in my stomach from No Man's Sky.Even though this game isn't fully released, it feels more complete. I have had issues with FPS, but they're subtle."
,Recommended,402710,25768479,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,SLEDDOG,"It scratches the itch left behind from the NMS debacle.I’ve only played single player so far.  It’s “The Martian”(film) meets ARK. Can be a little clunky feeling at times.Moody atmosphere, especially at night. Can get a little creepy with things lurking in the dark.Given enough support, this game could be polished into a nice gem.4 potatoes out of 5."
,Recommended,402710,25789531,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,AtlasBlu45,"Have you ever wanted to survive and thrive on an alien planet? Have you ever wanted to discover new species of alien lifeforms? Have you ever wanted to build your own base? If you want any of these, this game is for you!Beautiful graphics and amazing concept! Can't wait to see what the future has in store for Osiris: New Dawn.Recommended."
76561198027128290,Recommended,402710,25806878,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,N7GearSpartan,"droped straight in and we greeted my a robot, gladly gave him a nick name and we began a bond but was very sad after seeing him defend me at night agents the scary aliens at night,while only been playing in single player, the gameplay is awesome in 3rd person i feel that in first person its abit stuff but thats just me, been playing the game for about 16 hours and been having a blast so far, there are afew glitches and bugs but thats to be expected at this point, the aliens are really cool and terrifying to look at, you get sand storms and your vision gets wet and dirty and thats real bad if your surving at night on your own, iv played ARK and this game is like that but in space!! im sure its alot of fun with friends.i feel that this game is great for a eairly access price, its always updating and i hope there is more to be added :) this is a game you need to have in your library! 9/10!! :D"
76561198000965306,Recommended,402710,25829070,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Big Red Bear,"If I had to describe it, I'd say Fallout4 (the robot slave), Martian (the new movie) and Rust (survival game) all rolled into one. I love the Matt Damon feel. The robot makes farming a bit easier as he can farm the easy minerals and patrol your camp at the same time. The multiplayer isn't live yet? But when it is I'll update. I think this game has a lot of potential and I hope the developer continues to correct the bugs and push new content. So far I have no regrets for an early access game. Definitely worth the 2 hour test drive and I won't be refunding my purchase."
76561198129921740,Recommended,402710,25829488,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Siriusly Black,loving it so far. kinda reminds me of space engineers and ark. constant updates  that are fixing things that i think could be better so obviusly others do too and the dev team is listening. SO far the most annoying bug i have encountered is the mission log clears its self if i log out and when i log back in i have no current mission to carry on with. Cant wait to see where this goes in the future.I have  gtx 1070 and have never dropped under 60fps which is great
76561198165984401,Recommended,402710,25833459,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,DaftFlyGuy,"Ark with what no man sky should have been. Amazing game, cant wait for more stuff to be released!! (MAKE MORE SCARY ALIENS)"
76561197973399307,Recommended,402710,25896558,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,DeanofNerds,For being a early release these guys/gals have done an amazing job! Yes there are still bugs but with both music and gameplay it pulls you in quickly.
,Recommended,402710,25768132,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Nezz,"Found everything I needed to start building the habitat, except Magnesium.  Spent 20 minutes running around looking for a node of Magnesium.  Finally found one and an earthquake happened.Except it wasn't an earthquake.  I died suddenly, then the view moved out to the mother of all graboids executing a perfect dolphin jump to eat me.10/10 would try to stampede again."
,Recommended,402710,25768265,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Eryxias,"Well, I haven't played the game much so far but here is my first hour or two of playtime review.Game seems pretty neat so far, but then again, so did NMS(No Man's Sky) at this point. In fact, it feels a lot like NMS in a lot of ways. The overall look of the starter world seems very similiar, though with quite bit less pink :-PIt feels like they took the better parts of NMS and squished it together with the movie The Martian.The thing that truly sold me on writing this review and to keep playing the game was this though:Here I was, looking for Uranium, and I came across some other mining node that I wanted. I started to chip away at it and from the corner of my vision I saw this huge Sand Worm(Nearly ripped straight from Dune and just as impressive) leap out of the sand from an enourmous distance away.....directly toward me. I froze, not in fear, but in awe it's amazing majesty.It then gobbled me up in one dive and was gone.10/10 would get eaten again."
76561198007437904,Recommended,402710,25808013,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Maximus,"This game is great it has a great vibe and feel , the gameplay is fluid and music is soothing while your surviving the wilds o this harsh planet. Now it has some small bugs but nothing major except this one it has  when you exit the game and you come back and there are double and tripple of your structures lol , i mean i love free stuff but it stops me from building because it maxes out my structures but this is nothing as they will have it fixed but that is literally all that i have to say negetively about this game now early in my gameplay like few days into the release i was complaining to myself about a few issues like resources and climate but literally the next day it was like they read my mind and everytthing was changed that i didnt like which was awesome !!! now that is support :)This is my first survival game and wow!! what a catchIf your on the fence about this game cause you may have been ripped of recently by a game that must not be mentioned ;) dont be because its worth every cent in fact we are getting a deal on this game in my opinionIf asked should you buy osiris new dawn  i answer withDO IT DO IT NOW !!! THEN GET IN DA CHOPPA"
,Recommended,402710,25812880,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Tallgoose,"UNPLUG YOUR JOYSTICK AND CONTROLLER.If you have an issue where all you can do is hit 1-4 and ""M"" and ""Q"" you need to unplug all of your other peripherals and try again.---------------------------------------------------------------------Bugs encountered so far:Keyboard/Mouse disabled when joystick is detected.Chisel randomly stops working---------------------------------------------------------------------Frustrating issues 10 being most frustrating:Lose inventory on death. 1/10Gigantic Worm instant killing at spawn within 1 day of new single player game: 5/10Random resource distribution (early required resources further away than reasonable walking distance). 4/10Necessity of guns vs difficulty to make. 3/10Spawn killing with no ability to defend self after first death. 6/10---------------------------------------------------------------------This game definitely has a steep learning curve.  Don't expect to survive for long on your first play through.  It seems like it will be rewarding to get past the initial challenges of surviving.  One fair warning to save you some time; if you die before you get the materials needed to make a second gun you might be completely screwed.  Stow one of the two starting weapons you get in the very likely event you are killed by a giant instant killing worm to offset how hard it is to get the resources you need to get off the ground initially.14 Hours Later:The game is a bit short.  I've built everything.  Flown everything, driven everything.  My next step is to check out the multiplayer and see how that holds up.  I recommend this game, but it is definitely not finished yet."
,Recommended,402710,25813010,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Degenerate94,"This Game Has Potential! GIVE IT TIME!!!Aside from the optimization issues in multiplayer and the fact that if you're not keeping your PC Up To Date, you won't run this well, This game is a great space survival game! While lacking multiple solar systems, this game is already accomplishing what No Man's Sky promised but could not deliver. an engaging threat. be it hunger or the various creepy aliens of the planet or even the ALASKAN BULL WORM! This game will always have something interesting for you to do between basebuilding, alien hunting, Mining, and starcraft building and exploration!!!This game just came out for early access and it may just become a huge success when it's finished. can't wait to see what the future holds!"
,Recommended,402710,25813469,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Pablo Escobar,Fell through the map while near the fabricator had to restart alot of stuff but its only an early access game so I hope that this will be fixedGreat game though lots of stuff to add on to the game!
,Recommended,402710,25829220,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Zan Lynx,"It's interesting so far. Still very buggy but making a lot of progress.It reminds me a lot of ARK: Survival Evolved except in space.It also reminds me of No Man's Sky, although I believe that once Osiris is done it will be a better game than NMS.You can spend a lot of time looking for certain resources like gasses and carbon."
,Recommended,402710,25829521,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Boba Fett,"FIrst.... GAINT WORMS.To get to the great parts of them game, its just great. If you like games of exploring building and killing things that want to kill you its your game. I have only played this game a little and due to my rig the way it is the laptop has it hard time running it. But its so good and you can get lost in this game. Get it its worth your 24.99."
,Recommended,402710,26139863,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,ProfFrnswrth,So for starters this game very much has the beginnings of being like ARK but in a sci-fi space themed setting. Since the game is Early Access I will not be too critical and will update as patches come out.There are quiet a few bugs but the developers have been pushing out updates to fix them in a timely manner! If you enjoy ARK you will love this game.More to come in future patches...
,Recommended,402710,26278069,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Whitespy,"All I can say is that its ""early access"", but I can see such potential. This could be that SciFi MMO that fills that void in the market. It has great visuals and the direction they are moving in show great promise. If you can afford the money and have a bit of patience to deal with the bugs then give it a shot. On the other hand if you expect a polished product then best sit on you money for a while"
,Recommended,402710,26280349,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Windsord,"The game itself is great, I did try and enjoy both Multi and Single play. It is true that we currently have 1 map which is use on both Multi and Single ( I was surprise when I saw the same spot I used to build my base when I lurk on multi player. But it is truly fun ) I think the game itself has potential, even at its current state. I believe it will be more fun if we play with a couple of friend. I love go out on adventure during night time with my flashlight and saw some quick shadow moving in the dark zone of my flashlight. I really hope the end product will be great !!"
76561197970964299,Recommended,402710,26111749,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Magick Mak,"Love the gameplay.  It is exactly what I wish No Man's Sky was.  Darker, nasty things come out at night, and it has a great soundtrack.Kind of like Halo meets Pitch Black w/ light RPG elements.  Lots of resource gathering but the combat and weather makes it a lot less like a walking/mining simulator."
76561198276881706,Recommended,402710,26122807,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,"Carter, Wanna eat my ass?","You know,I'd love to enjoy some multiplayer gameplay.. But considering that every server I join apparently there is a building limit? Like what the actual hell is that? It's an ENTIRE planet. How. Is. There. A. Building. Limit. All in all, great game."
,Recommended,402710,26275462,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Dubprado,"This game looks awesome and it has great potential. Still a lot of thinks to do and improve on it, I hope they ad more planets to colonize. I have to say congratulations to the team who created it ! Im really enjoying it. They did what No man´s sky couldnt. Bravo!"
,Recommended,402710,26075931,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Jreesecup99,"Starting playing a couple days ago, and I can see a couple problems. The resources need to be a lot more abundant, starting out is difficult because you can not find the resources that you need. Or include a world creation option that allows to ramp up the abundancy of resources. There also needs to be some way to keep from spawing major bosses such as the worm in the craters. I leanred not to go for the minerals in the craters! Not trying to hate on the game, I have only played it a little bit and overall like it very much other than a few things."
,Recommended,402710,26107699,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Spooks,This game has a good amount of content to last you a while. There are a few bugs and the only frustrating part I've experienced has to be the disappearing bots that you lose pretty easily.I'm currently playing the multiplayer and experience random launches throwing me about 200m away from where I was. Another thing I noticed was that the droids seem to hang out around 0 lat and 0 long for some reason but other than that this game has a lot of potential as long as the devs dont ditch :)
,Recommended,402710,26278878,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,formernov,This looks promising - something to keep an eye on for down the track.
76561198054951801,Recommended,402710,26258715,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,AridFountain8,"good game, but it needs a lot of work. One of the first missions is to find materials for a habitat (including magnesium) but the only place I could find magnesium was far away from spawn and would spawn in a crab monster every two seconds. So I spent about an hour running through for magnesium and then running back to my base with about three crab monsters and an uncountable amount of larve things following hot on my trail. If I stopped running for even a second my suit would give me alternating alerts from suit breach to healing required. juggling keyboard numbers to keep myself from dying is no fun, especially in a game I expected to be semi relaxing. However, it is early access and for what it has it truly is an amazing game."
76561198077701358,Not Recommended,402710,32541040,Posted: 18 June,all,Predator Yautja Nerd,"So, it has been eating at me for a while how to write this review. I have seen multiple people been attacked over, what I consider to be reasonable reviews. Let me be clear, I think this game has a lot of potential and I think it is going to be great. However, I do not think this game is fun to play YET. which is because there is not a whole lot to do. The game ( as it exists now ) mostly contains one major thing to do, which is resource gathering. The game does offer to let you build some things like a house or a spaceship. which sounds cool, but you can't really do much with it. There by it also has some quirks like the jetpack fuel, which stops boosting at half the percentage. ( I am not forgetting it is early access ) The gathering of resources also takes ages. I have spent the first 3 hours gathering and surviving with almost nothing to show for it, a headache and no feeling of satisfaction whatsoever. the game also requires you to get food and water which you get in the beginning package, but it runs out after 3 minutes and as of now there is no way of getting water other than a complicated system which requires you finding a very hard to find geyser. This is where most reviews get criticized for, You are too lazy, that is the game stop complaining, etc.That is unfair, it is called a review for a reason. And those people weren't going around saying this game is the worst thing ever happened. In my opinion, gathering those resources is to accomplish something, if not only a satisfying feeling. and as I said earlier,there is a jet. but the only thing you can do with it is fly to a second planet to, wait for it..... Gather more resources.This is something that goes on forever. ( again, in THIS stage of the game and in MY OPINION ) But if you enjoy beating a rock until it spits out iron and more rocks, there is no problem. I don't hate you. Hell, I don't even HATE the game so much. all I am saying is, does this game need work? yes. would you recommend buying it right now, no. but do you think it has the ability to be awesome? YES. I can see myself playing this game a lot if it has some more patches and things to do. And remember this is a review. It is meant to give light to developers and potential buyers. ( and on a final note, the argument of being lazy is bullocks.I was working with a friend on multiplayer, very actively I might add. And if it gets you to a little home barely big enough for 2 with no interaction after 3 hours and 12 minutes it is in my book not recommendable. )"
76561198082211150,Recommended,402710,30401874,Posted: 8 March,all,mitchellwalters,"Game is great! Definitely has some bugs, especially with the structure building mechanisms. I also think that the depth of the game can be expanded. But, it's still early access and it will hopefully all be worked out. Overall I think this game is very good, and is worth spending your money on, as it's only going to get better and better."
76561197982780933,Recommended,402710,25758789,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,KFC_bucket!,well its fun should be really good when completed.found few bugs after 39 minutes  your drone  shoots at bugs that get stuck behind trees and also gets stuck near rocksif the bug gets to close to drone they get stuck in a loop after wont follow you back to domefirst bug chased me gets stuck behind trees or stumps
76561198195700371,Recommended,402710,25760675,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,BagelBeater 21,Working surprisingly well on my FX8350 and 960 2gb at 1080p even on max settings (occasional frame hiccups). Still figuring out the complexities of the game but it's very good so far. Would love to see mods for this game and maybe some console commands so i can explore space? Just a thought. Solid Day 1 early access besides the understandably work in progress multiplayer. Playing this game on low settings = rock solid 60fps 90% of the time on a medium-high tier rig. Enjoy everyone!
76561198337346063,Not Recommended,402710,32987155,Posted: 29 June,all,Pacific Smash,"This game really contains a lot of features that targets my interest including things like space, crafting and first person combat, but I highly recommend that you must not purchase this game in its current version. Despite having almost no bugs (or perhaps I haven't encountered any yet) the expanded environment which is provided in the game makes it frustrating and forces the player to walk accross a HUGE valley not only to find barren amounts of resources but a high chance he/she will encounter a high level creature that will kill him/her! Only then the player will spawn back at their base only wanting to find their dead body which is being guarded by some monster that hungers for other wordly flesh and then the cycle just repeats. But even if you do succeed in getting the required items you will eventually run out of things to do which is why I only have 5 hours in playtime for for this game. Either the devs start thinking better ideas or else it can be burried next to no man's sky."
76561198021754771,Not Recommended,402710,33213486,Posted: 3 July,all,*MK*UltrA*,"I had a lot of hope for this game when I saw it appear.  Recently bought it and it wasn't worth the suspense.  Hours in now, and can barely craft anything useful.  Rocks- lying on a rocky planet- are nowhere in sight.  Combat is atrocious- my character is relegated to swinging a 'bashing rock' which has to be crafted from a normal rock, because  the laser pistol is limited.  I can't decide where the developers are going with this mess."
76561198106254541,Not Recommended,402710,33240793,Posted: 4 July,all,G spot,"It is just not ready for release. There was so many things that need to be fixed: The monsters are too strong are just a hassle really, you cant fight them without wasting time and you cant run away. The game doesnt terach you anything, i found myself looking at the wiki every 5 minutes and it felt more like a chore rather than fun. Moreover the chracter is to the left of the cursor (if that makes sense) so when you try and orient your character to walk in a certain diretion, fight an enemy or mine resources becomes really fustrating. the night is pitch black and the torch is pretty♥♥♥♥♥♥ i found myself restarting the game everytime just to respawn in daytime. I eventually disabled monsters and put everything on easy to get used to the game. I still died from the massive worm thing with a tone of gear and equiment, however a bug occured and i couldnt find my body to recover my stuff... anyway the graphics are very nice and the enviroment is beautiful however I still think if you are thinking of purchasing it, i would recomend waiting for full release."
76561198007028528,Not Recommended,402710,33256305,Posted: 4 July,all,ZoeysPimp,"I wish i could like this game, but every weapon skill you unlock is broken.  Skill progression is slow, building and item progression is stupid and unclear. Item descriptions are cut off and unintuitive.  There is an abundance of food and an absence of water the game just feels bad to play."
76561198057744384,Not Recommended,402710,33379310,Posted: 8 July,all,Lightmare,"Full grind fest. You mut gather on and on and on.... The multiplayer part is ... non there. I play with a friend, but its totally pointless - I cant access his buildings. Skills are bullhit - before u got guns, u first must have walls... WHY????"
76561198395824668,Not Recommended,402710,33490755,Posted: 12 July,all,ChiefMegaBeef,I played this game for almost 2 hours and I've got to be honest. It doesn't really live up to the trailer. It was absolutly beautiful and if there werent so many bugs and other bad things I would've kept it. There were multiple b ugs and the directions it gave you were horrible. When the game is fully developed though I will definitly buy it.
,Not Recommended,402710,33841528,Posted: 27 July,all,JakeTheButcher,"In this game's current state, I can not reccomend you buy this game. It's almost completely broken, you don't start with the core materials you need to actually give yourself a good chance in this game. You're mission from the get go is to find an abandoned base. Which I had to google to find, and that's not right, that isn't how you orchestrate an objective. This game used to be a lot of fun with my friends, and now we can't seem to get past a few mountains. Enemies are ridiculously OP for the beginning. I would have given this review a thumbs up if the DEV's didn't completely ruin the experience of this game. I mean you can't even guarantee critical hits on enemies when you hit them in critical body parts, also they give you 12 bullets to start off with as a Marine. I mean c'mon, 12 bullets, what even is that? 12 bullets and 4 mags perhaps, but 12 bullets is a joke. Sort this game out DEV's. It USED to be good, which is the opposite of how early access should go!"
76561198076196420,Not Recommended,402710,33071850,Posted: 1 July,all,Dane,"Just writing this as a warning dont buy this game until its done or not even at all. nothing is working. resourses are even floating in the air. both singleplayer and multiplayer.BUT if you get this for free its maybe worth playing in the future. This games quality is like a free version of no mans sky.Be sure to read and fully understand that your not buying a working game and in the current speed the game will be done in 2040 or something. Alsp your account and character and sush gets removed now and then.Just a heads up, but hey some players maybe enjoy this game if your under 15."
76561198205403077,Not Recommended,402710,33498302,Posted: 13 July,all,RSSF - Maverick,"The last update totally ruined the game for singleplayer. You have to spend hours and hours running around with a stone axe and primitive crap to be able to make a pistol for which you need an ammo that you cannot learn!!!When it came out it had tons of potential, you had a very cool and cute DROID who would mine for you and store it in your container, he would even fight with you against the aliens. You had a pistol with infinite ammo and an assault riffle with some ammo, and it was still hard to kill the aliens at nights. Even your single player game didn't need any internet connection and you could play without any lags or issues, now you HAVE to be connected to their servers and play with tons of lag and issues in SINGLE PLAYER!!!!!Well, instead of taking all that and developing forward, they decided to develop backwards towards MELEE fighting and PRIMITIVE weapons, stone oven, stone work bench, they went back to freakin ""stone age"" and added a crazy tech-tree which takes tons of hours and patience to complete in single player, repeating over and over again the same rutines. It's not a futuristic sci-fi game anymore, is almost not even a game either!! Just repetitive chores for hours.Instead of improving and giving us more HIGH-TECH tools and enemies, or more planets, or things to do in space, they went back to freaking ""stone age"", removed your droid, your weapons, and force you to run around with a stone to get skill points to learn a STONE AXE!!!!!I cannot recommend this game as it is right now, maybe in the future they really improve it and I'll change my review, it is a very beatiful game with tons of potential, but it's going the wrong direction right now."
76561198081654019,Not Recommended,402710,33010227,Posted: 29 June,all,adrian,Last update make the game unplayable.
76561198054079384,Recommended,402710,25875781,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Nanners,Cheaper than No Man's Sky and much better!  It's a grind but a beautiful grind
76561198026254128,Recommended,402710,25876566,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,jason_jons,Just buy it. You will wake up in a new world.
,Recommended,402710,25876947,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Watter,"Matt Damon Simulator 2016.Journal :Play as Matt Damon ☑Fix crack on your helmet with duct tape ☑Grow your food in space ☑Starship Troopers starring Matt Damon ☑Pitch Black starring Matt Damon ☑The Martian starring Matt Damon ☑Interstellar starring Matt Damon ☑A good tutorial for this game would be watching The Martian at least 2 times before attempting to play the game. Game is still in Early Access so expect a few bugs, just roleplay as Matt Damon already, if you don't like it kindly get yourself a refund and purchase a copy of One Man's Lie (only then will you know what its like to have cancer in your steam library)10/10 would Matt Damon."
,Recommended,402710,28473647,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,JustBasic,"This game is truly one of my top three favorite survival games, there is so many things that make so unique. And at the same time the creators are very frequent on the updates, they don't disappoint. Can't wait till future content."
,Recommended,402710,28475908,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Snakeyes,I'm really enjoying this game. I have played 51 hours in the last week. That should tell you something. The development team just released a major content update today. If you like survival games in space this a great pick up. It features single and multiplayer and it is currently on sale. Nuff said. Check out some you tube videos for a sample of the gameplay.
76561198025072144,Recommended,402710,28512854,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Kaldor,"Amazing for an Early Access game. Well imagined, graphics are stunning and learning curve is just about right. All in all, this is definately one to have in your collection. This has vast potential!"
76561198063796464,Recommended,402710,29438638,Posted: 23 January,all,Wutangdan,This game has so much potential!
,Recommended,402710,29450732,Posted: 23 January,all,[AmTac] Kennedy,"Historically I've not been a fan of crafting games, and sometime survival games are either too hard or too easy. This game seems to get it right. Although there's no story it kind of feels like your in a movie because for me the music really imerses you in the game and the explotation really does seem like exploration and not just hunting around for reasources. I can say that this is one game that I've been taking my time with and just trying to enjoy it."
76561198053366682,Recommended,402710,28515824,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Darkskyder,"This is good game and I understand this game still in Early release... as well with a lot of bug and one thing I really don't like is you keep losting your vehicle after save, or fly in space and lost spaceship after it disconnect.. I respwawn again in my base but no ship... BSUpdate : I just build spaceship and it came out nothing,,, xD thank BUGUpdate : spaceship stuck in the air or space after I died in frozen cause bug don't let me jumb back to my planet... now I am stuck in the fakping cold of this weather in hopeless way...I just sit in here and look at my spaceship on the top of my head... ! Fap DEV..Update : the new update at 8:00PM 12/21/2016 made me disconnect everytime I login back..! Bad update I guess!Update :Please tell me that this is not going to be another no man sky.. Big planet but limit uitilites...  I need build more to expand my colony....update  : in alpha 1 PVP infected , we have one guy use bug to spam turret and health. doesn't matter how many shoot or damages to him.. his heal just automatic recover in 1s .. SiriusSauce is his name.. watch you DEV"
,Recommended,402710,28538187,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,SHUNZEE,"This game has some major potential. While the bugs at the moment are a little exsessive, thats why its in alpha. I've never been able to play a survival game and build a base for 12 hours straight. This game has managed to keep me entertained and has been extremely enjoyable. There is plenty of room for future content and i look forward to trying out every single thing that will be added. Anyone who likes futeristic themes or enjoyes the grind of survival games should definitely give this game a run for there money."
76561198112807860,Recommended,402710,28474310,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,SpaceGiraffe,"This game, even while still in early access and not even close to being finished, is amazing. I only have about 13 hours on record at the time of this review and I can safely say that this is one of my favorite survival games to date, and I have played alot across multiple platforms and this one is well on it's way to being one of the best."
76561197993645435,Recommended,402710,28521126,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Event Horizon,"Awesome game, I played for 2 days and... You get the point."
,Recommended,402710,26329924,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,YBAlam,"Though It Is A Early Access Game, There Should Have Been Way More Enemies And Enemy Variation, Because 75% Of The Time I'm Always Getting Bumrushed By Crabmonsters And If It's Not Them, Its Those Damn Skeliopod Larvaes, Aside From That Great Game, Great Survival Mechanics And Has A Subnautica Feel To It"
76561197990612035,Recommended,402710,28552671,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Lioneye,"So, as short and sweetly as I can put it:  This game is what No Man's Sky should have been (and it's only in alpha).Edit:  The main issue I have with the game right now is trying to be able to play private matches with friends.  Also on public servers there is a 400 utility limit (storage containers, lights, turrets, etc.) which makes joining a public one more difficult.  Single player is still a really nice experience with what I've played so far.  With it being Early Access, hopefully these issues will be resolved.Edit2: Since the last edit, they've fixed the issues with private servers and you can now play with your friends!"
76561198283627482,Recommended,402710,29298193,Posted: 16 January,all,SWPete,"This is one of the best games i have ever played, its a little laggy and I always hate when i get swallowed by the giant worm and just today i found out that there are ""acidic skelipods....why did you make them rainbow? Im not saying that rainbow doesn't look awesome, it's just, why rainbow instead of green or something.still a great game, a little hard get resources but i would redomend this gae to anyone who likes survival/sometimes horror games."
,Recommended,402710,28507652,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,VanuNanoTechnician [PINK],"Having played this for some time now I found it to be very enjoable. I likedd how i could make things my own, colors etc. The bot is a bit unwieldly. It has a mind of it's own. but sometimes works effortlessly. I liked exploring but felt empty and alone at times. It stated to get boring after I had discoverd parts, built much and gotten used to the conditions. The monsters are very aggressive and can be relentless. Can't wait till a lot of the bugs are ironed out and see what comes of it overall."
,Recommended,402710,29509901,Posted: 26 January,all,Duvel,muito bom!
76561198123566433,Recommended,402710,29542904,Posted: 28 January,all,HDStandarDefinition,0/10 igm- best game 2k15
76561198121740214,Recommended,402710,28523773,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,DustyDust,"Welcome to Proteus 2, the second moon of Theseus Prime.You'll have to survive and develop a base while dealing with the environment.Back on earth, you like the cute little pinky hello kitty?Come to Proteus! meet the Gnat and say hello nightmare!You like sea food?Come meet and hunt the giant crab monster!Either yourself or the the fauna will become the dinner.Shoot off a limb and they're still 86% combat effective.Here's a tip: Aim for the nerve stem and put it down for good...Would you like to know more?------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------here i come, once again edit my review...simply look at the recent review, it's mixedThe 1.131 is... hum...The game is not bad, the dev doing a good job(?)...*sight* i sadly can recommend the game at the moment, i beleive the game development is badly planned. You can play, sure, but it'll be hard to get some fun.most of my play time is from dec2016-jan2017, something like 110hrs... for a 6month early access it was pretty good and balanced, and i had fun.now with the 1.131, probably badly balanced, weird to have some skills and schematics but not being able to craft the item. The normal setting (alien life/damage) is not balanced, i used to play with the aliens on max health and damage, right now on normal, the life pool is so huge it take to damn long to take down one skeliopod, you'll end up passing 99% of your play time to fight skeliopod until you finally unlock better craftable weapon (no joke).grinding come often in the recent comment, let's be honnest grinding&farming is always present in game tagged with survival.Getting ressources is not hard, the bad part is the aggro, where you end up fighting for few minute each time you try to get some ressources (note; i play on infected and i'll always play on infected).The real grind is skill points. like you need 100 to unlock the vehicul bay, and then 50 to 100 to unlock every single vehiculs... and getting 100 tech points is like try to sh*t straight during an earth quake. you can do it, it just quite long and painfull.I had few second wing, where i could feel like it was getting fun... and they died pretty fast...well in the end, i recommend that game under one condition: the next update.the dev announced the future update with a small vid, seriously not so hype unless they give a patch note of what will be done in the next update. Better plan correctly this one.so simply follow the game and check the discussion board, the update would probably come around september-octobre at the lastest, and see what's going on. If you buy it now, you'll propably feel disapointed.note: the game is around only 1 year oldnote 2: the dev talk some sh*t about AAA games and them only being a team of 7, there's a bunch of game with small team (good and bad games), we are comprehensive so don't use that as excuse for your bad planning/balance in game."
,Recommended,402710,28552543,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,blastedlabs,"If Early Access bothers you, you won't enjoy the game currently.  However, it shows a ton of promise and the devs clearly love the project.  They've got my $40 (bought one for myself and a friend) for my support.  I hope they can take it to the next level."
,Recommended,402710,28562480,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Coolbreon,"Great game, but there are 2 major problems : 1. Not many people have it. 2. If you have it, there are some stuff that are really hard to find and they're the minimum for starting the game. pl : plutonium and titanium, but titanium is now much more common."
76561198010875274,Recommended,402710,28571838,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Fr3d_X,"Have put 30 hours into this game. Turned out to be the most exciting game of 2016 for me. Still has a long way to go in terms of content and mechanics, but it has a lot of potential. Really love the atmosphere the devs envisioned. I will be waiting for more to explore during the next year. Cheers"
,Recommended,402710,28608325,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Adolf Shitler,subnauctica in space
76561198029512503,Recommended,402710,26489102,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Murphy's Law,Ok  ill make this short and sweet if u havent tried this game you should if you liked ark but hated how u log in and everyone out powered you and you couldnt do anything this game if for you a day of hard work can get you pretty much caught up it is a Alpha game and barebone but it doesnt feel like it Support these devs and give this game a Go. only have 11.2 hours but i just bought this game not even 24 hours ago. its addicting but be warned it is a Alpha and alot of stuff isnt implemented yet.
76561198069880673,Recommended,402710,26595015,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Demothises,"First off, this game is in Early Access, not even sure I would say in Beta yet, still feels Alpha to me. That having been said if you don't have the patients for the occational bug or waiting for features, just wait and move on.If you your still here then this may be a game for you to look into. In its current state as of this writing We are still waining on a number of features, but it is pretty good so far and has a lot of promise. This is looking to be your run of the mill surival game with space being the stist and so far it is pretty darn good. Still only keyboard and mouse with controller support down the road, Contols are responsive , the space ship is little ackward to start, but not too bad. My one complaint so far is the Public multi player servers, spen a few hours on them and with the limited area and limited servers, it is hard as hell to fine a piece of land to claim, this should go away aas the playable area increases, or they do a server wipe whis will happen so be far warned. The sinle player is good thus far and I am waiting for some priend to help me on a private server.If what I have said here hasn't ran you off and you seem interested, give it a go, I don't get into too many EA games but I personaly have high hopes on this one"
,Recommended,402710,26635706,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Ka-Chow,"So this gane is an amazing game, but you need to have some good spcs on you computer to run well. In my opinin this game can have much improvement which why I would wait til the game has either been worked on for longer, or til it finished cause this game has some really good potentional. But for what this game is it is amazing"
,Recommended,402710,28507155,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Excarnate,"Really nice survival oriented game. The game has great immersion and the development seems to be going really well. The last update brought a lot of good new stuff such as an entire new planet. There are some bugs (as can be expected) but as far as i am concerned nothing game breaking at this point. Overall, even in this early access phase, really fun to play and it has great potential!"
76561198109889258,Recommended,402710,28853793,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,hammondjon44,"First off, if you're buying this thinking it is like Space Engineers or Empyrion Galactic Survival, I am going to put that opinion to rest now, it isn't either of those games and it is definitely in a class of its own in my eyes.The game looks great, the concept is great, and even on minimum settings it feels pretty good, but there are a few issues which are expected since this is a DEVELOPING game.The major issues are actually fairly minor bugs that the developer is working on to the best of my knowledge, however I won't argue that the meteors that target your character are a bit annoying, aliens that can pop up out of nowhere are also annoying.  Those issues are balanced out with the ability to change how many aliens there are and how often they appear, as well as the amount of damage they can dish out and take in turn meaning you can have metaphorical glass cannons for aliens to battle in hordes, or maybe on occasion just find a single alien that is exceptionally tough but has very little bite to them.The Building and Repair system is the only real deal breaker I will admit, since every building with the exception of the Bio-dome is made up of individual parts that need to be assembled (on top of the building's base cost) and repaired individually by hand, however it isn't necessarily a bad thing since if you are a hardcore survival fan that enjoys the feeling of living on an alien world it makes a lot of sense since things happen.  An alien can rip a hole in a hallway causing air to leak from your base (once it is properly implemented), or the weather eats away at your base's hitpoints like you would expect from a real storm.All in all I would easily say that this is my go to game for a challenging survival game since you don't know where anything actually is when you spawn, and you have to discover ways to survive and where resources are.In my opinion, game score on a 1-10 rating scale, I'd give it a solid 5 or 6, I may change my review in the future as updates roll in, but I can safely say that this is going to be something to keep an eye on for a long time since I feel good about this game."
,Recommended,402710,30888937,Posted: 1 April,all,Chicane,"Really nice graphics and concept. Still early access, so there's not much to do: farm minerals and basic materials, build a base, a space ship, travel to Aziel, then repeat.Also, I would recommed to play in SP or Private Servers, multiplayer kinda sucks right now. There isn't a solid anti-cheat yet and some bugs can be annoying, e. g., materials/minerals just disappear randomly — not so often though.Devs keep up to date the community with their thoughts and work, which is really good."
,Recommended,402710,30073024,Posted: 20 February,all,war,"i have spent 8 hours but i got all the vehicles and mechs as well as established a new colony on the other moon, so add more content... please."
76561198114823528,Recommended,402710,26038786,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Darth Tylo,"This game has amazing potential, I can't wait to see where it goes."
76561198006937271,Recommended,402710,25797301,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,dowman239,The basic gistIt's fun but needs more updatesStill better than no mans sky and almost 1/3 the price
,Recommended,402710,25831412,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Sifenchar,"For an early access game, Osiris is well-made. Of course, it has the out-of-the-gates bugs and glitches, but the content right now is good. Right now, I feel like it's mostly just trailer-porn. What I mean by that is, it's pretty to look at, but there's not a whole lot going on right now. The game is artificially lengthened by having to travel insane distanes to source out materials you need. For instance, in order to get something complex like the Barracks, you need a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of items. For instance, Plastic. In order to get plastic, you need to build a barrel, which will take you 15 minutes to get the materials for. After that, you need to find hydrogen. Considering how it will always be in a location far from your spawn location, you will have to travel for about 15 more minutes to find it. You fill it up, and the barrel can hold 100 units at max. Sounds good, right? Well, nope, because it costs 75 hydrogen to create one unit of plastic. You can't store the leftovers, either. So unless you want to craft multiple barrels to hold it all, which will take you as much time as it would using only one, you do it with only one. 15 minutes to make the barrel, 15 minutes to get there, fill it up, and get back. Repeat step 2 20 times, and then bam. You have gathered enough of ONE of the many materials needed to make a barracks. How long did that take? Five hours and fifteen minutes. Oh, and once you get enough♥♥♥♥♥♥to make the barracks, you only have the ♥♥♥♥ing SKELETON. That's right, you need to build the individual pieces of WALL in order to complete the structure, and even then, it's useless without structures put inside it, and you know what that means? More of your damn time.But you know what? I have faith in this game. Take a similar game, like Subnautica. That game started out skin-and-bones, ugly, and stupid, with enough eye-candy to catch the attention of buyers. And look at that now. Just, LOOK AT IT. It's huge, has a huge backing and community, not to mention the INSANE improvements to graphics, gameplay, and stuff to do. It's come a long way, and if Osiris follows the same path, I have no regrets laying down 25 dollars now for the game. And you should too.Get this game, and it'll get better. You'll just have to treat it like a baby you want to be a boxer. Right now, it's a chore, and can barely walk. Soon, it'll be on it's feet, and then some time after that, it'll be kicking♥♥♥♥♥harder than Muhammid Ali."
76561197975464456,Recommended,402710,25766162,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Decoy,Visually stunning and mechanically sound survival FPS.
,Recommended,402710,25960448,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,LIFFT,"OMG!!Great Game its like how no mans sky was suppose to be BUT 200x BETTER!!!!!This game is pretty fun with bolth singleplayer and multi player. However it is hard to start out at first just make sure you save your progress more, that was my biggest mistake.Con- needs more customisationPro- Good Gameplay very addictiveCon/Pro- I♥♥♥♥♥♥my self but its like a horror game sometimesPro- Lots of stuff to complete and doPro- The devs actually repsond to the community (unlike one of the most over hyped games called no mans sky)Pro- Cool creaturesOverall I would say this game is awesome I hope more people get it!!!Rate 9.4 out of 10"
76561198331135527,Recommended,402710,26037565,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,newyoricandream,"This is the first survival game I have ever tried and its a blast to play! In addition I recently built my pc and have just started to notice how the industry can attach a well known publisher like EA and still there would be doubts as to how advanced/developed a game like this can become. There are loads of ways to add immersiveness to this already great concept and there is a lot of energy surrounding this early access title. This is a promising idea so far and offers enough of a unique environment that its worth trying.Personally I have only played using a steam controller with a unique configuration (offered for free on steam) that gives me unparalled control to toggle sprint/jumphover and flow as if using an analog stick to traverse the planet. What I would like to see is more complicated terrain to navigate around. For example, I have tried scaling the large boulder structures without the aid of anything but my hover/sprint toggle configuration and it felt that there would be a better application on gameplay and less monotony if the world contained specially crafted zones/caves that required controlled use and mastery of the sprint and hover.All in all this is a piece de resistance for the space seeking survivalist and the mystique around this nascent galaxy will exceed anyone's expectations, unless you already work for NASA! See you in Space Cowboy!! ;)"
,Recommended,402710,25937168,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,iMonters,What a fun and fulfilling EA Game. I highly recommend this to those who always wanted Subnautica but with Multiplayer.
,Recommended,402710,25970855,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,desert griefer from iraq,"This game is great for anyone remotely interested in the survival genre. I found Osiris: New Dawn to be simply amazing. The environment is charming at first glance, and really open for exploration. The music adds a feeling to the game that I have not found in many other games similar to this, and the feeling of being on an unknown world is fascinating."
76561198037853305,Recommended,402710,26100705,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Dark Rayleigh,"just a short summarygreat adventure, great toys (ships mech , etc) , its an amazing survival gameits just the community is kinda low, hope to see more people in the server especially asiapss- im playing in Beta 1"
76561198135111490,Recommended,402710,25955753,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Dis Guy,"- Spawned in- Mission tells me to look for minerals so I can build- Went exploring down this mountain filled with iron and heaps of other minerals- I feel a massive earthquake- Hears a loud roar noise- Turn around- See a giant big♥♥♥♥♥worm heading towards me- Puts down flag- Got eaten- Started a fresh game- Spawned in with 6 alien crab like creatures around me- Got surrounded- Died- 10 mins later, realized I had a jetpack and could sprint.....10/10 would die again from stupidity, giant worms and crab like creatures xD"
76561198053956271,Recommended,402710,25990884,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Ryanide,"Meh, walk walk walk walk shoot walk walk walk walk mine walk walk walk walk shoot walk walk walk walk mine walk walk walk walk inventory walk walk walk walk base walk walk walk walk mine walk walk walk walk shoot..................................................My point is the game would be good with about 4x less walking, it would still need some tweaks from there, like how much gas you need for crafting. hours of walking for three plastic or so.I like it, sorta, it has potential."
76561198046746569,Recommended,402710,26103820,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Monroid,Amazing game 100% worth it cant wait for more updates
,Recommended,402710,25760502,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,mediocre medic,"playing space engineers and empyrion and other sandbox/survival games, i was reccommended this one and thought it looked really good, after buying it and getting it everything did look good seemed to function but i only have one gripe.i know it came out today but you cannot rebind the keys. i am lefthanded and i use the arrow keys and numpad in all my games. that is all i ask for and i will gladly give this a legitimate review. i wish i could give a maybe recommendation"
,Recommended,402710,25773669,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,PRYM8,Space ARK
76561198215942284,Recommended,402710,25821353,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Merkileg,"I love the game, I'm making a youtube series on it and am enjoying every minute of it so far.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H7f0burHzR0A few bugs I've noticed so far:Drone Buddy doesn't save inventory after quit from game.Drone Buddy doesn't save location after quit from game.Drone Buddy doesn't save name after quit from game.Jetpack Fuel doesn't go down?Even with these minor bugs, I'm still enjoying the game and would recommend it to anybody who asks!"
,Recommended,402710,25857630,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Captain Herbertius Munus,"***I have only played single player, I can give no input on MP content or gameplay***Osiris takes all the hype of No Man's Sky, and puts in to a gritty space survival game that feels like the Mars based child of Subnautica and ARK. While at this moment, October 4th of 2016, it is very much a skeleton of a game. But it is still in early access, and has only been out for a week. We have already seen a fair few updates from the dev team. And everything in the trailer is exactly what you get. This most certainly has the potential to be one of the great EA games out there. Similar to Space Engineers or Subnautica. But it also could very easily fall into the depths of abandonment like Starforge. But I highly doubt it will come to that. If you dont want to deal with bugs, changing game play, lack of content, various patches, and new builds. Then dont buy it. But if youre willing to watch the game progress, for better or for worse. I strongly reccomend picking it up and telling the devs that their product is a worthwhile investment that us fans want to see grow."
,Recommended,402710,25859163,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,tuned2e,"I've only played about 20 minutes so far but if anyone is wondering...It already blows NMS out of the water.  Graphics quality/background music/content - I can already comfortably say I enjoy more than NMS.  Aside from aesthetics, I enjoy the crafting system more as well as the survival elements.  This already feels like a more complete game than NMS and it is alpha (early beta really).  I will note that I had to restart the single player mode because the first quest items did not spawn on my first go around (survival kit, ammo box, etc).  Second time with same settings it worked just fine.  Also, I can't stress enough how much better this game runs on my rig when compared to NMS.  As we all know the first week and a half of NMS was a nightmare for frame rates on PC.  Even after they, ""fixed"" the fps issues the game still runs around 40-50 for me (on medium-high) and has frequent extreme dips down to about 10-20.  This game is holding steady (so far) at 80 and I have everything maxed out on a 1440p screen.  I am running a 980 with built in boost enabled but no OC and an I7 6700k OCd to 4.5.  16 gb ram set to 3k.  GPU temp runs about 20 degrees C cooler than NMS and CPU and RAM usage is all around under 50%. I suppose NMS has the excuse of, ""procedural generation"" to explain the FPS issues and I can't confirm online FPS on my rig for this game just yet as I have only played single player.  Will update review after I spend more time in game and try different modes and settings.  For $25, it is definitely worth a look."
76561198086025771,Recommended,402710,25937842,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,TheShooz,"Overall for an early access game this is one of the best. As many have said, it's what No Man's Sky should have been. My only real complaint for the game at this point in time is the fact that there is no command console for single player. The way the game goes is that you have to completely restart every time there is an update which makes the game kinda dumb. Considering how quickly the devs are updating this game, anything you do is basically gonna be reset every couple of days. It's the same issue I had with Subnautica before the command console was implemented. I love the game in the little time that I have played it but I won't be playing it again until Console is implimented. Console commands are designed to allow for resets on updates without having to start over. Although people do abuse them more often than not, I'd rather not have to redo hours of work every other day.TL:DR: Game is great, bad design without a Command Console in singleplayer. Until Console is released this game will be a little lackluster."
76561198010593277,Recommended,402710,26071361,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,SAGEDI,This is the game we all thought no man sky was going to be! It has a lot of potential to be a great sandbox sci-fi survial game. It looks & feels great & with the need for food water & oxygen then add in the weight of the items you can carry only adds more realisium to the already impressive game play.  With that said it is still an alpha game & not everything is implemented yet & in my opinion this game will go from strenght to strenght as the update keep on coming along
76561198113579294,Recommended,402710,25970512,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Keepars,"After the recent failures of most early access and survival games that have come out Osirus: New Dawn caught my attention, but then again most games like this do. So I watched a few game play videos as well as revies on youtube and here on the steam community page and I decided that its worth a try... its not a $66 game that promises nothing. like other games I know.Well after watching the videos online I gathered some knoledge on what to look out for and the objectives. so day one all is well with the world, oh besides dodging that giant friken worm by the skin of my butt. I continue to scavinge for minerals without any problems. first night the spooky music starts so i cower in my inflatible dome waiting for the spooky stuff but nothing comes, ah dawn the sun is com... wait drone whats wrong. *drones shooting* OMG screepy freaking creatures are attacking help my drone buddy. creatures killed. (they kinda remind me of the Riddick movies) well night one is over time to start the new day.Ya every night terrifies me, I know whats coming but I dont know from where. Need auto turrets"
76561198088831878,Recommended,402710,26040470,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Kowalski,"At first the game was laggy, and with a lot of bugs. New update today and bam! South American servers. Freaking AWESOME devs. Just buy this game,"
,Recommended,402710,25961724,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,SatchGroove,"Gotta say this is one of the best looking games I've played to date. Not to mention how fun it is. It's fairly easy to build everything you can (so far) in around five hours or so, but for Early Access, that's a pretty stunning amount of play time. That's not even including time in multiplayer! The distances that you have to hike feel so real, that when you build your first vehicle, it really feels like an accomplishment. Super excited to see how active the devs are, and hope to see more content soon! Keep it up guys!"
76561198141180351,Recommended,402710,26108100,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,[FOX] Cpt Ethan,osiris is an awesome game and i like how you have to find matirials to make stuff!
76561198067577860,Recommended,402710,25758774,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Hahafunnyman,"Anyone else having problems with starting the game?? Everytime I click enter it says ""connecting failed, please launch the game through steam"" But I am launching it thru steam."
,Recommended,402710,25856918,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,LewisViper,I really love the atmosphere in this game the enemys remind me of Edge of Tomorrow love how creepy they move and how well animated they are! yes there are things that need improving but really love the feel of survival in this game! well done!
,Recommended,402710,25924471,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Bleppacus,The only thing this title needs is for me to be able to grow potatoes in my own poop.
76561198041722468,Recommended,402710,25802582,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,[9de] Willem Kraai,"Graphics and sounds are pretty good, game play has potential and is decent at the moment.Giant worm scared the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of me and so does night time, i havent come across any bugs as of yet but even if i did i would report them and not give a bad review because an early access alpha has bugs unlike some incompetent ball sacks.e.g.""Way too rough, some things make absolute no sense.It looks promising but there still a long way to go to have a complete product.""its an early access alpha♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ it wasnt meant to be a complete product.If you like the premise of the game and have the money then buy and support the development, simple."
76561198084807805,Recommended,402710,26080909,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,The Lord Inquisitor,"Pros: The game no man's sky should have been, base building, vehicles, resource gathering that can be used, it's also updated a lot 2-3 times a week.Cons: Features are still being implemented/fixed in an odd order."
76561198145423144,Recommended,402710,25930740,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,[FML]keanuboss3,This game has alot of potential.... I love it so far its very well optimized for an early access game....Right now its has small amount of things you can do....Theres are good amount of bugs but the Devs listen to the community and usually get a fix in like a week or so...This game is very addictive its totaly worth the 25 dolars it is at right now.... Cant  wait for the new planet to be added :D HYYYPEEE!!!
76561198016104518,Recommended,402710,25930098,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,GoatGruff,"Great Potential!  I like the combat, crafting system, and the beautiful landscape.  Looking forward to more content and story."
76561198097862231,Recommended,402710,25789665,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,BAR,Spawn In....Get Gear...Build A Base...Afk So I Can Eat...Come Back...Open The Door...Get Ambushed By 30 Aliens...Respawn...
76561198023573160,Recommended,402710,25869010,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Jeffrey,"Awesome game, Interesting. but really need some optimization and further developmentThose who played the ""Planetbase"" game and love it, will love this game also. Because its the same, but you can play at first person.Game is defenately worth its price for fun you get, when you play early access."
76561198056507214,Not Recommended,402710,29032328,Posted: 5 January,all,Captein Axis,"Hey, just hope the devs read this.This game has potential. Currently the game is more of a proof-of-concept kinda game.Things I'd like to see fixed:-Textures-framerate losses-tech tree needs reworking entirely, (basic buggies and vehicles are the same tech lvl as a spaceship)-multiplayer function needs a lot of work. Private servers are done strangely, but at least they work. vehicle animation and lighting is client side only, which is weak as hell. I'd also like to see multi passenger vehicles and gunner seats, like just steal the warthog from halo like everyone else... the multiplayer list goes on, but like it's got functional MP which is more than No Mans Sky can say.-Work on the space ship flight and landing, smoother, cleaner function. If No Mans Sky can do it, then it can't be hard.-FIX YO TEXTURES-Develop more variety and end-game♥♥♥♥♥♥Take some notes from games like Space engineers or something. I have seen so many *space survival* games just pop up and die when the developers take their early access money on a concept game and cash out. KEEP PUSHING UPDATES.I wouldn't recommend this game as it's a full priced indie title that isn't a game, but a proof of concept.WAIT FOR THE OFFICIAL RELEASE. If that never comes, never buy it."
,Recommended,402710,28498317,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Reyedog,This game just got allot better and realistic.. sorry people are having a whine about the time but boo hoo. any hoot. love it.Not really sure why steam is counting my playtime hours incorrectly as i know damn well i put well over 40 hours into the game.  Keep it up devs.
,Recommended,402710,25744530,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Dknighter,Got ambushed by aliens at night then a giant worm came out the ground and I nearly had a heart attack 10/10
76561198082024378,Recommended,402710,26053043,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,TheOnlyFingerman,"Is this game perfect? Far from it.12 hours may not be a lot but I already consider myself well versed in this game. This is an Early Release game through and through, and it's exactly what an Early Release should be, and for Early Release, it is remarkably playable. I love this game, in its current form and in what I see coming in the future.Let's start with the negatives, however short they are. The game is Early Release, so as far as content goes, there isn't much. A lot of the game involves grinding for materials, and with only the Scientist class available, carrying a lot of items is not easy just yet. Walking far away from your spawn location for distant materials does pad much of the time of my gameplay, however since the world isn't randomly generated, it's very easy to look up coordinates for some materials and find them quickly, and the autowalk feature does help you check twitter or whatever while you wait for your character to get closer to finding some goddamn lithium. Obviously features aren't there, but things such as the gas tank are displayed in the Utilities menu to build, yet don't seem to be implemented yet. Understandable, but I question the decision to include it in the menu when it isn't even buildable. Similarly, objects like the solar panels and biodome can be built, but don't seem to serve any discernable purpose just yet. There isn't any detriment, as the requirements for powering structures and more complex survival mechanics that the biodome would be used for aren't present yet either. Same goes for flashlight battery and jump jet fuel, as there are static meters displayed in the character menu, I presume these mechanics will be added later. I also kind of wish the enemies were more varied, while there are quite a few and they're very interesting, I find they grow a little stale at times. Perhaps interaction between them would be something to look into. I also feel like some of the material costs are a little strange as far as progressing in the game go. I understand the science behind it, but finding magnesium to make steel, one of the most integral materials, took me longer than I'd care to admit. Some help with understanding all of the systems would be great, but overall it's not a big problem at all. My last annoyance is rather minor, but one of the caves in which diamond is found took me way too long to traverse due to almost no vision distance inside, although it's also possible I entered at a bad time or am just an idiot.Good things now. Grinding is a part of the game yes, but it's also really easy to find materials just exploring. You can find abandoned habitats sometimes, and I assume these will be lootable at some point. The game is gorgeous, and with brilliant lighting effects and shadow mapping, it's easy to end up finding yourself thousands of meters from your base because you were distracted by the scenery. I recall entering a crater and seeing the name appear before me, it gave a game I know is unfinished seem more polished than I'd imagine. Then I promptly saw what any player of this game will know very well: the Great Worm. For those of you uninitiated, it’s a massive worm that bursts from the ground far away, flies towards you, and devours you whole. Like many other players, the first time I saw this, I didn’t try to run or escape. I just stood in awe and let the mighty beast end my life.  The exploration experience varies, with fog sometimes limiting your render distance and the night bringing way to new, strange creatures. The great worm you heard about? A certain area of the map has a few skeletons of other worms, and it’s truly awe inspiring. The vehicles are extremely fun and give you goals to meet, although right now they seem to be the end game. Building habitats is incredibly fun, and once you get the hang of the tools, it's very easy to figure out how you want to build it. With a recent patch, disassembling structures refunds some of the materials, so restructuring is easier than ever, which given that the placement can sometimes interfere with slope of the land, is a blessing. Tip: build your main habitat on the top of a slope, so that your other structures don't go into the side of a hill when you build hallways. Multiplayer is fun, with colonies making cooperation a great experience, and I very much enjoy setting off for one material, knowing someone else is getting another, so we can quickly work towards building a spaceship. I can't stress enough how playable this game really is.Best of all however has to be the developers. The people making this game seem hellbent on getting it done, and they release new patches every few weeks if not closer together, and you know that problems you have will addressed, as they read forum posts constantly. They're still working on bugs and core mechanics, so a lot of the negatives will be fixed once the more central parts of the game are well polished. Overall though, I am really impressed, and I'm very happy to see developers of an Early Access game so invested in the game and the fans of it. I’m sure it’ll be a long, arduous process, but I have faith that in a year or so, this game will be much, much better than it is now, and will only continue to improve from there. There is a lot I still haven't mentioned, but I’d definitely recommend buying to both help the developers and to experience and be a part of this fantastic game in which I see boundless potential."
76561198073332139,Recommended,402710,26150601,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,dirtydale1,The Martian  x Pitch black
,Recommended,402710,25926942,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Mr. Dunkaccino,"this game is completely unpolished, but kinda enjoyable, and it has a lot of potential. cant wait to see how big it becomes"
,Recommended,402710,25962246,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,DEVIANTAUDIO,"this game  is better than most tipple A titles , from the get go its immersive its creepy its everything you want in a sci-fi thriller , worth every  penny of $25 the dev's are releasing patch's and updates consistently. the game does have very little content atm but dont let that stop you,  8/10  for me atm"
,Recommended,402710,25839608,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Jonrei,That ♥♥♥♥ing worm
,Not Recommended,402710,29508247,Posted: 26 January,all,Creativeworks,"Source - Another title that only two people are doing.""A Flying Metroidvania Adventure wrapped in a Stunning Audiovisual Style[CURRENTLY IN PRODUCTION]Embark on a surreal adventure that defies imagination, crafted by a mix of console veterans and junior developers. In ‘Source’ you are a firefly with the power to harness energy in a dying world. What is causing this widespread disintegration? What can possibly be done against such a destructive force?Immersed in a beautifully detailed world rendered in Unreal 4, you will explore vast worlds, solve mind bending puzzles, and battle fierce creatures while constantly seeking life sustaining energy. Experience the stunning adventure of a lifetime.""I do not have the faith for Osiris - It already lacks in content and you can clearly see they otherwise committed elsewhere . Can't see any major changes coming to this game anytime soon, they have another game to build. Refund sent.."
76561198042119281,Recommended,402710,25972416,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,droid3302,I like it :) very immersive and it keeps you on edge with aliens and vast vista's :)
,Recommended,402710,25761748,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,REBELiGAN,"I'm running this game on a quad core skylake 6th gen with 32g of DDR4 ram and a gtx 970 with 4gig of DDR5.It's beautiful and hasn't given me a problem at all. I'm gonna check it out on a 4k 240hz screen come this weekend, but in the meantime it looks majestic on the 150hz 1080 dell monitor I currently have hooked up. 68 minutes in and so far so good.(I'm not paying attention to the server issues right now because that's life and the devs are working on it. The reaction time is on point. They just posted an update which is promising.)This early access title reminds me of what I see in other games that are popular. It's like playing sci fi versions of RUST/ARK or even a better version of No Man's Sky. This is definitely an indie game with a small team and they are creating something with major protential here.So far it appears that way to me, as the wicked music score rumbles through my speakers and I'm walking on the planet during a  very dangerous storm on offline mode. This vibe alone has surpassed my expectations. NMS was over 3x the price of this title. It's proven it's value in cost over Hello Games in just the first hour of gameplay for me, and I haven't even tried out multiplayer yet. I'll share that experience on YouTube when I do.I'm looking fwd to seeing how this game grows, and maybe contributing some suggestions along with a supportive community of gamers to help out.Keep your eyes on this title. You might want to wait. You may not. Either way, might be worth your time for a review if you like RPG survivor games."
76561198184233626,Recommended,402710,25962880,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Horoka,"Only played this game a little, and I love how its going so far. The future for this game looks bright."
76561198114578393,Recommended,402710,25962293,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,lmpspg,very good game!!!
,Not Recommended,402710,33718529,Posted: 22 July,all,[CouchNoobs] Proxx,"What the hell happened? this game used to be relatively good. But when de devs decided to ""Update"" the game this unresponsive piece of crap came to be. Seriously. Focus on the basics!"
,Not Recommended,402710,33732671,Posted: 22 July,all,Catastrophology,"Bought the game, played for less than half an hour. Do not take my experience as your own, but this is what happened to me.Spawn on a planet during a sand storm, it says fix the suit, wich I did. Then seek refuge 700 meters away from the storm. So I ran for 4 minutes, storm stopped, it shows me a waypoint back where i spawn, ran back another 4 minutes. No weapons, and I get baserape by some creatures... Managed to kill them with an iron pipe but was wounded, consumed all meds. Then more base♥♥♥♥♥♥ Raged quit and ask for a refund.Even 7 days to die, they leave you alone while you craft your first weapons/tools."
76561198007367099,Not Recommended,402710,33789716,Posted: 25 July,all,Wufei,"This game looks so promising and beautiful, but when you strap in your suit and start taking the first steps on the surface of the planet, you will within few minutes find yourself overwhelmed and surroundedby higher lvl monsters with no chance of surviving. I finally managed to build the first shelter, but then I got attacked by two king crab monsters which killed me within a few seconds. I don't see this game playable at it's current stage."
,Recommended,402710,25773146,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,kvltlife,"Fantastic. Impressively smooth for Day 1 of early access, I have high hopes for the future of this title. After 18 hours of play, I was just starting to feel like i was running out of things to do, and the Devs add more content (vehicles, spaceships). It has only been out for a few days and already there have been 3 patches, and a few of the bugs that the community have complained about have already been fixed. If Fenix keeps this up, this will be a fantastic game at launch."
,Recommended,402710,25786637,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Rhadamant,"This game is quite similar to Empyrion Galactic Survival, but better graphics and game mechanics. There aren't a lot of features in it yet, but the fundamental mechanics are solid and the game runs great. As of right now there's not too many hours to be played in the game yet, but I suspect there will be oodles of additional content to be added in the near future."
76561198084630040,Recommended,402710,25787258,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Mikko Cyprien,"I really enjoy this game so far! If you like Empyrion: Galactic Survival and/or Subnautica I believe you'll like Osiris: New Dawn. I've also read it's similar to ARK: Survival Evolved but I've not played that so I can't say. It's immersive, not overwhelmingly complicated and the graphics are very high quality for an early access, on par with Subnautica's or maybe even better. Game still needs a lot of work, especially with the UI, sound balancing, and actually implementing all the content shown in the trailers, but I think supporting it with a recommendation is the best way to make that happen and help the game reach its potential, which is sky high."
76561198275932914,Recommended,402710,25984973,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Captainchaz264,"This new patch has seriously screwed me up because i've spent hours to collect rescourses to make a lab and space ship, then just when i go back on to build the space ship (after hours of grinding) its all gone, brcause of a server wipe!! But its a great game, do get"
76561198014071803,Recommended,402710,25764526,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,oskiwee,"This game is so much fun, it is a game where you have to make sure you look behind your back because you never know whats creeping up to you. Graphics are excellent for me and first thing when you log in is turn the music down or get your eardrums blown out."
76561198025473627,Recommended,402710,25851225,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Revan,"This game has a huge potentioal. lets just hope that developers wount ♥♥♥♥ it up as no mans sky have.on this stage its too much to ask from a game. cause its not finished. my thoughts it should be massively multiplayer game like star wars kotor. with a lots of quests, recourse gathering and fighting///"
76561197971857790,Recommended,402710,25762313,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Valegorn,"Basically, It starts out like ARK, except its ARK: Matt Damon.If you are one of those people who are waiting for more content to come out, know that this game has more in it than ARK did when it first came out. Its plenty deep to get started, fun to play with your firends (We're doing the private multiplayer game). Don't know how the official multiplayer servers look like, but I'm sure it wont be no time before they're purring like a kitten.And dodging DUNE worms will make your ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ pucker, a lot.Get the game, support the developers, because this is going to be the next ARK, except in space, and probably cooler."
,Recommended,402710,26299474,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Spooky Pacifist,"Simple and quick review. TL;DR: Overall I think it's a pretty nice looking game, with some bugs here and there, but fun gameplay, especially with friends.Pros:+Amazingly good graphics make for an awesome atmosphere.+Active devs who listen to the community and actively update.+Really fun, especially with friends.+Large monsters.+Tons of customizable options for the planet and difficulties.+You can set your bot to REPAIR and MINE for you. (If you have a friend or two you can have all of the bots mine)Cons:-Settings are limited at the moment.-The menu and servers sometimes get bugged.-Monsters are annoying sometimes, and interfere with your buildings and minings.-Not much to build right now (But it's pretty fun building everything anyway.)That's about it. Overall I think it's a pretty nice looking game, with some bugs here and there, but fun gameplay, especially with friends."
76561198145629283,Recommended,402710,28499404,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Birchie  /Aegon vaizard,more content than most early access games and its been out for a short time defo gonna keep this in my libary  has a lot to offer
,Recommended,402710,25795255,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Arm ChakraraseS [TH],"So hard core for single player, but so time consump game play."
,Recommended,402710,25861306,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,PimpMyDuck,"I hate the people who rag on this game becasue they are like ""oh this is broken, that doesnt work, this game is♥♥♥♥♥♥quot;its like do you even know what early acess is you morons?this has amazing potential. just give it time friends"
,Recommended,402710,25862465,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Tanctic,"If you like Ark, you'll love it. Literally it is Ark: Survival Evolved, on an alien planet, in space."
,Recommended,402710,25863274,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Zack Senpai,"THERE'S ALIENS ATTACKING ME INSIDE MY HOUSE!Yeah, great game, 10/10 would recomend again"
,Recommended,402710,25861368,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,AgentButter,"This game is all I had asked for in No Man's Sky.It's beautiful. :')8.5/10+ beautiful+ nice soundtrack and music+ graphics+ crafting (kinda♥♥♥♥♥♥at this moment tho)+ ships ships and ships+ sand worms+ diversity in planets+ buildings+ multiplayer (yes pleaseee)- crafting (could be more polished)- the grind (holy♥♥♥♥♥♥tho)- not an MMO as multiplayer has a capacity of 12 people- limit on buildings in planets- kinda clunky gameplay (could be more polished)- playable area is a bit small (once you venture further out, it's all desert)This game is amazing and really well done for an Early Access game. Sure it can be polished a bit more but I would recommend this game as it is a survival single/multiplayer exploration experience."
76561198007854505,Recommended,402710,25862034,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Wahya,*start game*make base*look for material*looks at beautiful tree*giant shadow covers everything nearby*eaten by giant worm thing10/10 would get eaten by giant worm thing again
76561198119326376,Not Recommended,402710,28419318,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Dodger,I really enjoyed this game but for some reason it went from good to just long boring grind since the change to the mining mechanics. I know it's to keep the game life alot longer but just finding the basic metal such as iron can become ridiculously annoying. These RNG metal mine will continue to give you the lowest lron count. Since Iron is in most of the built you would expect to get more of it but that's not the case here instead you would get a much higher amount of other metals that you wouldn't need right away at the beginning. If your not around alot of Iron mines expect to have a slow and boring start. Another thing I need to point out is that when your trying to build your place every building has to be placed far apart. You can't compact your place which I personally like to do. Plus why can't my friends build their inflatable dome next to mine. Instead the game tells them that they have to build theirs miles apart which I find annoying. While I did have a blast playing this game I just can't play a game where I need to work 10 times as hard to just build one building.
76561198003087849,Recommended,402710,25794652,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Wrong Way,"As an Alpha, it feels more complete than some finished games and more fun than a certain over-hyped failure.It has bugs but the Devs are similar to Empyrions and respond to issues quickly. The bugs dont ruin its playability.As long as the devs stay true and continue forward progress this game has potential to out last many others and sets the bar high for the sandbox/sci-fi genre.25 bucks is well worth the current build and for all future builds and a far better deal than 69.99 for a certain procedurally generated garbage in a box."
,Recommended,402710,25775821,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Master Derpy,"Continuously updated reviews can be helpful to the designers, so here goes another review of an early access title.Wow.Day one early access and I've already had memorable moments in this game - with only 2.5 hours I've not even scratched the surface of crafting yet, everything so far has come from combat or exploration.1.) Had a heart attack getting jumped by a quadrupedal horror in the middle of the night.2.) Ran for my life from a skyscraper sized worm that was so immense I couldn't help but stare at it for a moment.3.) My robot homie vanished during a spawn-in, which was definitely a bug. It has been some time since the feeling of isolation hit me that hard. Soon after, wandering alone in the wilderness, I found what remained of those that had reached the planet before me. The music swelled at the same time, creating some intense emotion. Very well done.What a game. Fanboy squealing over, let's take a hard look at it.Overall: Buy it. Enjoyable, fresh-feeling survival game. Captures the imagination well. Price is reasonable. One of the best Early Access titles I've played, and one I look forward to seeing grow. Though many genre are evident, the design team is leaving nothing to chance: it plays like a shooter, it plays like an explorer, like an RPG, like a survival sim - and it does them all well enough to warrant mention.ACTIVE EXPERIENCE:Craft, build, level up, fight, explore - you've seen it before, but Early Access titles with these mechanics tend to be poorly balanced and barely functional *cough7daystodie*. This is not so here, at least not terribly. Weapons are effective against creatures, who range from intimidating to adorable to terrifying. Fighting feels good and has some interesting ideas - like creatures being realistically buffeted by bullets. Some hitboxes are off which can make for some missed shots that shouldn't have.The craft interface is clean and simple, though I've barely started making things yet. Mining is a struggle sometimes. In my first play I seemed to strike the rocks well. After subsequent respawns and even a restart, it appears I have to have my face pressed against the rock (or through it) to break it.Movement looks great with some seriously impressive animations, though on occasion it seemed unresponsive, like my astronaut was hesitating. The booster jets are very helpful for controlling vertical movement. Notable, however, is that sprinting with different items equipped yields wildly different max sprint speeds, a little strange.Creature AI is interesting. They have differing attack patterns, which is nice, but they aggro indefinitely, even while indoors. If you're unfortunate enough to attract more creatures with your fight against those godawful arachnoids well...I hope you have enough ammo.PASSIVE EXPERIENCEThere's little music but what's there is beautiful, subtle, and atmospheric.Some sounds play fine, some not at all. Asteroid strikes and the giant worms don't make a peep yet, so while they're awe-inspiring visually, there isn't enough sensory overload to really communicate the panic of the situation.Visually the game ranges from okay to good. Storms and other weather phenomena give a little more life to the planet. Day is properly full of hope and the drive of discovery, night is properly full of paranoia and tension.Creature design is conventional in some ways, though they are quite varied and fit the planet's atmosphere nicely. The creatures don't seem restricted by habits or particular areas, and just sort of wander around. Interestingly, some of them would be right at home in a Silent Hill game, I swear.MULTIPLAYERBarebones, really. Seems to play precisely like singleplayer but with other people - some multiplayer-focused features are no doubt to be added in the future."
76561198050148822,Recommended,402710,25958836,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,upsetkiller,"the game quality shows the devs are unlike most other EA devs , and can deliverThe game is awesome at giving us a sense of danger and continuing to savange even after establishing basic stuff .the multiplayer is rather well done for a game that just came out in rato the people complaining : You purchased an EA game that came out less than 2 weeks ago and were expecting a defining multiplayer experince ?please stay away from EA games if you dont know what it is7/10 considering its early access and came out 2 weeks ago and already they are hard at patching it continuselycons : Its overpriced for what it offers , being an early early Alpha of an indie studio , it should not cost 24$ which is the full price of most big indie games ."
76561198072925028,Recommended,402710,26748655,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,WW Zero,"this game has lots potential i bought 3 copies one for me and for 2 friends, the game is really good just need to fix saving issues, we spent a bit more than 10hours of gameplay and 2 days after i loaded and there was nothing, please fix this and i will keep supporting"
76561198043776756,Recommended,402710,28476412,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,| REEEEEE.wav |,"Note I understand this game is Early Access.  - Reason for my Mixed (Listed as Positive) Review on Osiris: New Dawn:> Major optimization issuers that my GTX 970 keeps getting around 40 frames on medium settings and even at low settings I was pulling around 60 frames.> The game does not allow me to place an airlock for a habbitat which is necessary to move on in the mission line, Not only did I destroy my habbitat and move it but I also started a new world thinking that would fix the bug. As you can guess all I accomplished was wasting more of my Saturday. This mission is around 10 or so and took me about 30 mins to get up to and around an hour and a half to realize that it was impossable to get through.> In multiplayer it took nearly 45 minutes to find my friends due to stupidly place spawn points. Even using the force kill command to respawn in a new area we could not get together and if we wanted to walk - well too bad! A huge♥♥♥♥♥alien would come and eat us because we had little to no supplies being recent spawns.> In the store they show videos and pictures of people playing with late game items that are impossible to get seeing as though I cannot even make a house.> Please note however, for all the reasons I am raging at Osiris: New Dawn these bug are most likely temporary and the game will probably let people progress further in the future.> Even at Medium settings and 40 frames I can tell this game has breathtaking graphics aswell as a dev team that is working hard to make a great game due to the community outreach and patches.> I can say with 100% certainty that this game is better than Space Engineers and No Man's Sky (and has a reasonable price tag), but if you are thinking of buying this game, and dont have money to waste, wait for full release rather than try to play in Early Access.> Might revisit this game in the future seeing as though I have high hopes that this will be the game that gets the Space Exploration/Colonization genre right.> Overall 7/10 - Not bad for an Early Access"
76561198204875064,Recommended,402710,28568212,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,MaximeDelaroux,"Graphics are beautiful, animations are smooth, crafting is awesome. But then there's things like very arcadey encounters with alien creatures, poor optimization and cluttered menus. Besides those three negative points I think this game has potential to be something great.Hoping to see some serious changes in the near future.But I'll give a positive vote as the devs have really put their heart and soul into this. Keep it up!"
76561198115677094,Not Recommended,402710,32791996,Posted: 25 June,all,The Beard,"I just started playing for the first time and it is tough to get started.I died several times till I figured out how to patch my suit, doh.There are times where you get stuck and have to force kill yourself when around space ship structures.You can claim from your old body however, if you get stuck in places your bound to get stuck trying to retrieve.This game is a ton better than no mans sky from the start.  Still some bugs as you would expect with an early access game.I have not played enough to say it's a great game and to buy right away.  For first impression buy I'd rank it a 3 out of 10.I'd rank it a 6 out of 10 for game play.  Overall ranking 5 out of 10.NOTE:Will update review if this game keeps my interest!"
76561198006684815,Not Recommended,402710,33848272,Posted: 27 July,all,Chaos,"I heavily do not recommend the game right now - it's come a long way but there's one glaring issue which makes the game unplayable for me and my friend.Everytime you pick a plant, harvest a rock, or similar activity, you get attacked. Sometimes by two or more creatures, even when there are no creatures around prior to doing so. The game spawns them in when you do, making the simple task of gathering any resource a royal rumble. Even on casual it was way overboard.I expect to have creatures spawn and hang around their areas or even travel around - but I do not expect to have mobs spawn on top of me when I'm harvesting. Difficulty for the sake of adding it isn't a good mecahnic. There's no reward to paying attention to your surroundings and being careful when you mine. No matter what, you're going to fight.Until this mechanic is fixed, my review will remain a strong negative, and I will caution anyone who's interested. Buyer beware. Hopefully it gets fixed soon and my friends and I can play once more. We really want to love the game. It has a lot of good stuff, but this is such a core mecahnic that cripples the gameplay for us."
76561198185533037,Recommended,402710,26472261,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Gortona,"Only played Singleplayer so far. Due to the unfinished state and missing content i rate it7/10. Depending on how fast and how cool they implement the missing stuff this game has an easy 9/10 potential for me.Fantastic:- Graphics & Design is awesome- General Gameplay- Sound-Effects & Music- Atmosphere & Scenery- Crab-Enemies (hell yeah)- Potential... wow this game has it!OK, maybe improve:- Crafting System- AI for droids (can't repair well)- UI could use some improvements, for example Item-Sorting in inventories and crates- Other than crabs, no interesting enemies or mechanics. Creatures look weird and have poor characteristics.- Flight-Behavior of the spaceship is weird and there is no real use i see in it so far (will be the shuttle to new world i guess?)NOK, needs improvement:- Content: After one week singleplayer I did everything possible. No real replay-value as i had to restart 3 times because of bugs and uncool start-locations- Unfinished Features: As still in Beta you can build a lot of stuff that has no use yet. I feel like this is a beta where really many many things are missing and very few things to do.- Building-Limit: Is reached much too fast. I would like to build much bigger bases- No kind of single-player longplay-value after you're down the tech-tree and built everything  possible in the game."
76561198038847694,Not Recommended,402710,33779832,Posted: 24 July,all,Racelan (Armer),"When this title released for early access I was excited. Even when It was pretty clunky I played it for about 15 hours and said, ""Man this games gonna be great when its polished!"".  If the path this compnay is taking the game stays the corse, Its a big pile of nope.The skill trees are a complete mess, its start up went from pretty easy to what the crap hard,  The classes are pretty meaning less other than the starting gear and starting points,  they have taken the starter shelter and hid it behind a LOT of other abilities, which are harder than the starting shelter to make (This one left me boggled) and over 200 something points into the engineering tree.Game is a nope, Ill at least revisit it in a month or so and see where its at.  As of right now, can not recommend, even as an early access game."
,Recommended,402710,26678074,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Liquid Archon,"This game is a serious amount of fun! It's a perfect mix of survival, building, and running for your life! The game is in early-access so be expecting a few bugs (kind of a understatement), but don't let it detere you from picking it up! It has so much potential! One of the very best co-op games on the market!"
76561197998954485,Recommended,402710,25786187,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,[TACK]Nathan,this game is amazing but can you please fix the douplacating buldings cus i cant keep playing if this keeps hapening
76561197986907221,Recommended,402710,26631712,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Lord Craven,"This game is allot of fun although what it currently offers is limited.The game's description and Trailer are not accurate as far as content, as it is still to be released.With that said, the game is beautiful and runs far better than allor of early access games ive played.Even though the AI for your droid is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ and resources are difficult to find, I still enjoyed the game.As long as the devs remain active and add content, this game as ALLOT of potential."
76561198317402771,Recommended,402710,28521427,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Hitler,its pretty good in all it doesnt hand you anything you need to earn it and it doesnt hold your hand that much its fun and if youre into space crap try it.if someine asked me what does it need id say more guns and vehicles or like snappier controls
,Recommended,402710,26238740,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,.-TroubledRook-.,Fun Game
,Recommended,402710,26675495,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,LeeHarvey,"This game has infinite potential! Already It has wonderful graphics and visual effects. The crafting/gathering system is pretty well structured (though I look forward to additions) and simple enough to get the hang of. The survival aspect of the game is good, you do feel like you are fighting the moon itself as well as the native fauna. I would like to see temperature play more of a role however, I have seen it drop below -270 celsius and your suit just keeps you perfectly comfortable, unless it becomes ruptured. I would think that beyond a certain point, even an environment suit won't keep you from freezing to death.Jumping across the map with your boosters is lots of fun, alien attacks are really scary, the environment feels harsh and survival is not easy. Osiris is a challenge and it immerses you in an alien world easily. There are bugs to be sorted and more content to be implemented. I say give it a chance and be patient. If development continues, this is going to be a truly great game someday."
76561198046504086,Recommended,402710,28520695,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Chaoimin,"I really like this game, A LOT. Warning up front, you'll need patience if you want to play this game, read on. Played it for about 17 hours now since I bought it a couple of days ago. It's beautiful, the graphics are cool, it has a nostalgic kind of S.T.A.L.K.E.R. / Unreal feeling to it. Creatures at night scare the s* out of me, I really don't scare easily so this is great. Some creatures are easy to kill, some are hard. All creatures have weak points where you can hit them to increase your chances of doing more damage. Can't wait to get to outer space and find out what's there. The health/suit combo is a really nice one, where you have to maintain your suits' integrity. Eating and drinking is well balanced.There are however a couple of things I'd like to suggest/mention to the developers:- Increase the agility and stamina from the start: It's really annoying to walk. Walking a bit, then standing still to recharge stamina/oxygen. Walking again a little bit, recharging AGAIN... I found this run/jump/hover/repeat move so I don't have to wait, but it's frustrating. It gets boring really fast, to the point where I'm just autowalking (great function for this) and watching American Dad or Family Guy while ""playing""/listening if I get attacked or walk into pin-bushes.- Increase the walking speed. It's like he's taking a stroll in the park. Or make it so we can make sort of an early starting mobile/car kind of thing to get around, running on raw plutonium or something. We need to go faster!- Inventory items should auto-stack. I find myself throwing away, or not even picking stuff off of creatures anymore, just because it's such a hassle to manually f****** sort everything. I need to buy a new mouse pad, the table underneath it is wearing. Please consider doing this as a priority. It almost made me quit the game a couple of times.- Bug. There are still some bugs with the tech tree, but I'm sure you're aware of that (since a lot of people have mentioned it)- Bug. There's a sound issue where a creature on the left has it's sound on the right side, this makes me turn my back to creatures, I see nothing and suddenly I get attacked.- I would really like to be able to break free from interacting with a building just by walking away with the movement keys and/or using the 'f' key, could you consider doing this? I find I need to lift my left hand to the esc key a lot. Usability is important.- Can you make it so I can leave the ""customize"" option on a building/pannel? I have to move my hand to the esc key a lot while refurbisihing my habitat or other buildings (usability).- Could you add an auto-sort button which organises inventories? Sometimes there's still a spot left but I have to search for it. (usability)- Please increase the scroll speed inside of containers, I need to scroll like my life depends on it when moving up or down in inventories. It would be a lot easier if it moved up and down one or two rows.- I'm missing water (in game, not the bottled water), is this on the to do list? Can't remember.- The time it takes to recover from an enemy attack might be reduced. When fighting more than 3 monsters I find I can't orientate myself / get in a shot myself, especially early in the game. It's frustrating just watching and waiting until you die, I need to have a feeling I can do something against mobs.I think that's all for now, maybe I'll add some points later.Thanks for making such an amazing game!!!"
,Recommended,402710,28509735,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Keza,10/10 game. Picked this up on sale the other day. This is what No Man's Sky should have been like. It's a Mix of Subnautica and No Man's Sky. Play as a Astronaut that crash landed on a planet and need to farm for resources to survive.Pros:- Great Framerate.- Amazing Graphics- Diverse enviroment. (So Far its just one planet but its HUGE)- Sound Quality is amazing. Feels like you are actually in the sandstorms.- Gameplay is amazng.Cons:-Aliens are Terrifying and can come from no where.- Alien Ai seems to be a bit broken at times and can go through walls.- Resources are scarce and in my playthrough most of the later game needed items their resoruces are on the other side of the planet.- Some bugs when you log out that if you have your assault rifle and pistol equiped they will disappear.- GIANT WORM That thing is terrifying. (Not really a con but damn that thing is scary when you first start out.)Overall:I recommend this game if you are like me and enjoy survival games and enjoy ones with harsh and hostile climates. This game honestly is so underrated. The Devs are doing an amazing job with this game and I look forward to their updates in the future. Besides the few Alien glitches this game runs like a A list game.EDIT: New moon is very buggy. Salamanders becoming immortal after you kill them and begin to spaz out and fly everywhere. sometimes they even one shot you with full suit integraty
,Not Recommended,402710,32797180,Posted: 25 June,all,KROBE,i used to love this game.. not any more. they have totaly fubared the durability on tools.. my knife broke after hitting only a few bushes..the sand storms never end..seems like night is 80%.. day is 20%  battery on flash lite goes in minutes.. finding the rocks nessesary to make stone oven is stupid.. the way it is now you may as well call this thing RUST in space..
76561198281071332,Recommended,402710,25811258,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,freescspirit,"I am now about 3h in the game.Let me be clear ; this game is not finished. It is in really early beta.But this being said ; my other other favorite Early Access Game (Subnautica) also was realyl early when I picked it up.Here is a quick list or pro and con :PRO :------- Amazingly beautiful. This is a game that has be design with style and care of details- Run extremly smooth.- Single player has really a sensation of being left alone and lost.- Lots of crafting/Vehicule- THE FREAKING SAND WORM! I didn't see it first, I felt so freaking scared.- The UI and simple crafting.- Easy ressource to find (for most)- The AICON :------- Mission are broken- Crashes sometimes for no reason, when reboot nothing in my inventory- The character movement take time to get use to it (doesn't rotate correctly)- Don't really know what to craft at first and where is everything.- Some minors bugs that sometimes drive crazy.- The map is so far useless (maybe better later)All in all, while this game is't quite done yet, you can defenetly see the inspiration that a game like subnautica had on it. If you want Ark/Subnautica in space, here it is. And it beats the crap out of NMS.Depend if you want to invest in it now, or wait a bit longer that it becomes better.In any case, I hope the dev will not let this one drop."
,Recommended,402710,25823194,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,CharliePryor,"I recommend this game for one simple reason that has so many complex parts to it.Outstandingly responsive developers that are both Transparent and hardworking for issues that scale faster than their team does. An Early Access title, not without any bugs, but one which is sure to improve rapidly as time goes on purely because of who's working on it. I have no experience with these people outside of purchasing this title, but the interactions I see, and the enhancements that have been made in the numerous patches already pushed to their customers tell me that this purchase is a good one.Plus... It's a pretty enjoyable game too. That helps. :)"
76561198053610061,Recommended,402710,26042593,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,hippielettuce,"I wish there was a ""maybe"" button. At current state its not worth $25, but if you see it on sale someday, buy it.PROS-good looking game-sci-fi-alien bugs-mining/easy craft system-JETBOOTS(you'll see)-Multiplayer(just updated/patched)CONS-maybe not a con, but its EA, so obviously there isn't a whole lot of content etc etc-just basic go here, mine this, bring it back etc(again, EA)-character wipes(EA)-minor bugs/glitches here and there which is to be expectedOverall I have enjoyed the 10 hours I have invested in the game. Was it worth $25? Not yet, but its getting close with constant updates and fixes.Excited to see where this game goes."
76561198054124411,Recommended,402710,28400675,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,jstan,"If you don't like science, or just suck at it, you will learn...YOU WILL LEARN.  But seriously, the depth this game offers is ridiculously GOOD.  It is by no means easy.Pros:1. Realistic2. Fluid, realistic movement and combat (don't expect to move around/get kills like it's COD, THIS ISN'T COD)3. Realistic resources - the grinding is satisfying, realistic, and fun with a talkative team)4. Realistic survival - enough said5. Everything needed to be built has prerequisites, that have their own prerequisites (realism)6. Teamwork makes the dreamwork (you NEED a team of at least 4 to get things done)7. This game is in early access, and puts countless ""survival games"" to shame8. Navigation is realistic and you need to constantly focus on longitude and latitude for EVERYTHINGCons:1. Buggy in some areas2. Only 18 allowed per server (or at least on the beta version)3. Still in early access, so many people may think it is bad, even though it's not!Verdict:My goodness it is good.  I played about 13 hours in one day... straight.  That is the longest I have ever played a game in my life.  I was lucky enough to find one person on a server, then people kept joining and we kept inviting them to our colony.  We have about 5-7 in total, but 5 played consistenlty today.  WE ARE THE FIRST ONES TO MAKE IT TO AZIEL!!  Well, at least I think so.  We made it there with ""5 space ships.""  We go hardcore. We don't have an official name for ourselves, but when we do find one, it will probably have something to do with ""getting hit in the face with asteroids.""I promise you, with the amount of features that are already in game, it will last years to come.  The shere fact that you can visit other planets, space stations, moons, and even asteroids, makes this game the best survival/explorations game alive with FANTASTIC GRAPHICS.  You do not want to miss out on this one!  Star Citizen is the only contender, but it is not even close to being released in early access lol.  BUY THIS, but make sure you play with a team to reap the benefits."
,Recommended,402710,25825070,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,DockinIssues,"Fun game, once you figure out what you're doing the game is pretty easy to navigate for crafting/battles.  So far so good, teases with certain enemies and craftable items not yet released however it seems they are pretty good about updates and patches.10/10 would buy again"
,Recommended,402710,25835879,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,SilentVoid静默虚空,"Good game! This is a kind of easy-manual surviving sand box game for new players. When I do my action by following the mission tips and resource requirments, the structures can be easily built for pushing the proccess to build a Space Fundation. The scene is extremely  awesome because of its martian landscape with some special ecosystem, and monsters on that planet owned the outlook of Arachy Bugs! Thus reminds me of movies like 'The Martian' and 'Starship Troopers'.Furthermore, It is not so difficult in mining, just crack them with your cutie hammer. (I wannar say something tragically because of it's intellegence lacking map pointing system and this is the reason why we face the big trouble on mine search) I just played a few hours and gained good expirence. but could you please fix the bug about my death lossing? (ps: My items that I'm taking will get lost when I got dead and have revived...)Hopefully update the game, fix bugs and get more optimised for the players who merely owned low PC configurations.这是一款好游戏！这对于新手玩家来说是一款比较好上手的生存类游戏了。在根据任务提示和资源需求的情况下，你想要的建筑会很快建成，并且能够推动建立一座太空基地的进程。游戏场景看起来也很棒，这个拥有火星地貌的行星有着独特的生态系统，还有怪物看起来也像是虫子。这就让我想起了曾经看过的《火星救援》和《星河战队》。而且，采矿也不是很困难，你就用你的小锤子敲两下就可以了。（其实我想很悲剧地说因为这个不智能的地图，让我们找资源找得好辛苦哦！）我只玩了几个小时，但请问能不能把我的“死亡丢失”的BUG技能修复一下？（因为我死了再次复活后，我身上带的东西就没有啦！）希望快点升级游戏、修复漏洞、然后对很喜欢这款游戏的玩家但又只有低配电脑的，可以优化一下。"
,Recommended,402710,25802109,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,.jpg,"Huh, and I thought I liked No Man's Sky.... Welp, No need for it now 8/8 gr8 m8, would get♥♥♥♥♥♥♥by a gigantic death sandworm agan.  (at least this game actually has one outside of the advertisements)"
,Recommended,402710,26216037,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Frizzy,YOU CAN BE EATEN BY A HUGE WORM THAT POPS OUT OF THE GROUND 11/10!!!!
,Recommended,402710,25961217,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,DJC01,Sure it has some bugs to clearly work out but from an entertaining standpoint has a good 10-15 hrs of content as it sits with hopes of alot more to come. Early on in the game is a grind but becomes much more enjoyable with the vehicles. Based on what i have played to this point and developers interaction so far i see no reason to not give this a good review at this point.edit: The game has changed so much since the first review that i tryed it again and just did not like it. Its even more of a grind than before and i felt alot more confusing on just what your trying to acheive. I have heard of another large update coming in the near future and will try it again at that point and will update my review at that time. I kept the positive review for now but if not fixed in the next update ill most likely change it to negative and move on from this game.
76561198297906261,Recommended,402710,25851897,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,kenan koparan,this game at the moment is already quite good. i highly recommed this game because of its amazing potential only in alpha and it is already quite fun to play. i just hope to see more variety of things u can do in the game which is what the developers have in mind anyway.
76561198116197296,Recommended,402710,25781103,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,jimhuntley,Just getting started with game but already I am hooked.I play way more games on console but I saw this andhad to try it.  I am glad I did.
76561198072295881,Recommended,402710,30837458,Posted: 30 March,all,iSuck S,"This game is beatifull, the graphics are stunning and the game is really imersive. i really enjoyed my time playing it putting aside the bugs that apear in any Early Access game. Unfortunately after the 9.5 hours i played i feel like ive already run out of content. there isnt anything to build (which is the minor problem) but the big thing is the fact that there is so little playable area. its just 2 planets with a small area to play in and the rest is just a giant endless desert. it would be great if the whole planet was rendered with different cool stuff like the playable center and that there was an actual globe-effect, basically you walt one way endlessly and eventually reach your original starting place because the planet is round, those 2 things would already make the game amazing. Also more base building options would be amazing, i feel like its kinda limited right now. (and the colony things is bugged, kind of a shame but no big deal)In Summary:The game looks amazing, its beautifull and i had the feeling i was actually lost in space struggeling to survive and fighting these rather tough enemies. but besides that theres a lot of content yet to be added and im sure the devs will keep adding stuff. if so, this game has potential to be an AMAZING game. i hope to see future updates making the game even better. for now, good job devssincerely-Big Space Fan"
76561198108255869,Recommended,402710,25959625,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,melelconquistador,"I like the games animations and concept similar to the film ""Pitch Black"".I recomend this game if you can run it smoothly.Structures might not ssave and be there whan you play again."
76561198033387940,Recommended,402710,25948551,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,greatgazz,"I love the rocket boots the droid and how remarkably similer to the movie the MartionThe graphic's are fantastic and smooth although there is the odd passing through experienc briefly and backI have been playing 7Days2Die survival,build,zombie kill game where everything you dig disapears so this is different ans yes I am  space friek that can not spell tie shoe properlyI cannot find any diamonds or gems yet so I am only a beginner and I am still on foot with no lab hanger bycicle storage containers yetAnd yes i have died alot with only a hand gun and hamer and one droidDoes the map that I play on for the moon change if you revisit after leaving or should it rap around with a desert for bounderiesGood game"
,Recommended,402710,25780835,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,cushion,MATT DAMON'S THE MARTIAN SIMULATOR
76561198130533127,Not Recommended,402710,28762931,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Omega 670,"the game has potential. its good, and i think in time it can really get somewhere. but right now, the game isnt that great. the trailer looked great, but it wasnt quite what i expected it to be. i'm a fan of the sci-fi & survival gameplay, and i thought this game would be more that it was. but give it time. maybe purchase it once it leaves early access."
,Recommended,402710,27766211,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Lionkun,Pretty much subnautica in space.
76561198018711929,Not Recommended,402710,32085658,Posted: 31 May,all,prinsregnbue<3<3,the game is boring at the point right now and the multiplayer and singelplayer donset work well and alien is too op you die every 10 seconds
76561198077869253,Recommended,402710,25793850,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,FoxUnit,"Great fun.Loved the survival aspect on distant planet.  The landscape is gorgeous and some of the resource collection is fun.Here's what i've discovered so far:You can control the robot depending on what tool/weapon you have in your hand - e.g., if you have the tool, you can rename the bot and ask it to perform repair.  if you have the chisel tool out, you can tell the bot to mine certain minerals.I don't know how to cancel the task ""flank right/left"" as the bot just keeps its distance when you try to approach it for further commands - i've heard ""c"" cancels the last command, but it hasn't worked for me.The rocket boots (holding space after a jump) are a great way to zip around until you can build a vehicle.When building walls for the habitat, use the scroll whell to select what type of wall to create.I see plenty of room for improvement though:- The scientist robot should have a function to search out certain minerals instead of just pointing it to one in particular (i ended up with WAY too much plutonium).- The map should show where certain resources are (or perhaps can be upraded to do so)- The map should show where you last died - I was eaten by a Dune sandworm and couldn't find my body after - Sooooo all inventory (gun, assault rifle, etc.) lost forever and not easily replaced.- Ammo should be easier to create- perhaps a tech tree would help keep a player organized (you can get a little turned around with the series of tasks needed to create something (e.g. collect the raw resources to create steel at the forge which is then used with copper to create a barrel, which is then used to store hydrogen, which is then used to create plastic, which is then used with more steel, glass and aluminium to create a fabricator.  The base resources shouldn't be so hard to find if the tech tree is so convoluted.All in all, good fun and I do like exploring the planet.  I am eager to launch into space at some point (if those damn Dune worms would leave me alone)."
,Recommended,402710,25865626,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,BigCannonGaming,"If you enjoy Space Engineers, Minecraft or anything like that you will LOVE this game!  Just promise me you wont go into any craters. PROMISE ME YOUSE GUISE!! Seriously tho, this game ""imo"" is good enough to be a $60 triple A title!"
,Recommended,402710,25815541,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,7unkrat,Has potential!> Launched Game> Within Seconds broken helmet and intense airflow dropping> Fix the helmet> Searching for minerals for an hour> Got eaten by a Space Worm> Tries Multiplayer> Waits for 15 minutes to connect> Refund till price drops> Fun but no full price
76561198026280814,Not Recommended,402710,29096653,Posted: 7 January,all,Phellgod,"Game is running on a i7 6700k, GTX Stryx 1070, 16 g ram and installed on a hddGraphics and animations are good but could be better, especially for the aliens who seem to be a little stiff.Crafting is easy and is less complicated then Space Engineer which can be a good or bad point to some people.For the weapons, only guns are viable, melee is useless since most enemies easily dodge your attack ( maybe a hit detection problem too)Upgrade system is simple too, you get three branch in which you gain point when doing different thing collecting plants will rise botany which will rise your science branch while crafting and repearing building or drone will increase your Military Engineering Branch.My two biggest complaints with this game and the reason why i give it a negative review:#1 - Resources location are not randomized#2 - Planets are big but only a somewhat small area have resources on it so there is no reason to explore beyond this area."
,Recommended,402710,30212500,Posted: 26 February,all,Dweller989,"So far from what I've played I love this game and see great potential!  Traveling to space (No loading screen) was pretty impressive and I'm pleased to see this becoming trendy in today's gaming.The environmental storms and changes are brilliant and i'm hoping to see different events on the different planets. Spectacular views that are convincing and immersive.The building mechanics are well made. Albeit, I feel an easier form of snapping pieces together should be integrated for a more seamless experience.This is still in development obviously and I feel that the game has much room opportunity. There are a few reservations I had about Combat.I feel that character design for the creatures are a bit lacking and need to be a bit more ""dressed up"". Along with their names. Think I saw a ""space cow"" or something to that effect and just kinda shook my head. lol Shooting mechanics are suffice enough. Although, the heavier weapons on the vehicles feel a bit weak.Also, piloting the character once in space seemed extremely challenging to the point of wanting to give up. I'm curious to see what lore they will create to go along with this universe seeing as you can choose one of two factions to begin with. I have only played one. But, it sounded like each had their own advantages towards gameplay.I feel the caliber of this game is up to par with what gamers like me are looking for and I""m super excited to see whatever they have to roll out. I will be following the development of this closely and can't wait for the final product.You guys kick♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,402710,34602824,Posted: 30 August,all,iKo,FINALLY I CAN REMOVE PICK UP ANIMATION. LITeRALLY THE TECHNOLOGY IS HERE.god that animation triggered me a lot.  nice update keep it up
76561198017797585,Not Recommended,402710,26895300,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,hurenhannesHAL,"this game has tons of potential, but in the current state i have to give a negative reputation.there is clearly nothing to do in this game except farming , farming and farmingu can build some houses and some cars and ships but there is no real use for it.the worst thing is that u cant protect ur base when ure offline even if u have tons of cannons cause the GAV ship can shoot much longer distance than your cannons, and this is super stupid....u need a lot of time to build  a base, but when u go offline and some other guys are on the server ure base is clearly deadu cant raid people... u cant visit other planets... u cant do anything besides farming and building some houses..the optics are amazing.. i really love the game and the nature and the planet is very nice toobut in this state i wouldnt buy it again, i would do a refund if i could.when i played empyrion galactic survival in early access there was sooo much to do. and here? clearly nothing..i cant recommend to buy the game. especially not for 20 euro.i hope the devs dont need years to make this game playable.it doesnt even feels like an alpha...."
,Recommended,402710,29756738,Posted: 6 February,all,cgiink,"http://steamcommunity.com/id/cgiink/recommended/402710My first impression.Basically is an awesome game. Spectacular in all aspects. So, starting with a dome, then walking around to gather materials and further explore. Really nice. Besides all that digging, mining and exploring, every single time when the night time falls, it gives me the chills. The sound effects and music are done very well to enhance the gaming experience. Honestly I love it.Walking around, exploring at first gets quite teddious and damn those strong dust winds..... you almost can't see anything and when the ""scary"" music starts..... pitch black just with your flash light, turning left, right, where where where are they coming, which direction......... the monkey long neck spider as I call them...... damn.....Hunting for diamonds was cool in the caves, seldom I got it right near my base when I mine for Iron and other stones. It is almost predictable everytime when I don't see any creatures around, the moment I start mining is when they (any creature) spawn from the ground and start attacking, ""Come here bugger, I was expecting you and vice versa"". The game somehow is very predictable, maybe because I spent 53 hours playing it and with my friend's help, we already built:2 x Space Ships, 2 x Hovers, 1 x Mech Robot, 1 X Mech Crab2 x Domes, 8 x Turrets1 X Habitat, 1 Barrack, 1 x LAB, 1 x Bio DomeYes, I have the Computer Table already and decipher a Cryptex, got the Path Light. Tried my best to find scrambled satellites but only found 2. Checked online for some coordinates, checked the place and nada, zero.About Space asteroid mining, I understand this is early access beta, but is missing left right up down propulsions, so one can control the Astronaut position/movement in empty SPACE. I had a nice try though.So, I packed myself a Dome Kit and some stones for a Depo box and headed to the new Moon Aziel! Once there, Dome and box setup, done! Coordinates checked and position marked. Interesting enough, it was in Aziel where I found the Path Light Cryptex.Overall, really nice game with tons of bugs to be fixed still for sure, but for what it is (Early Access BETA), I would give it 9/10.Multiplayer, I confess I started the game in Private Universe (never played single), so I could invite some friends to play and have some fun, didn't want to be a lonely rat. The multiplayer works perfectly, finding your friends just via the map with the right LAT and LONG is spectacular and fun. Tons of teamwork and not once I ever had any issues with dropping server connection while playing with my friends. Something so basic that works perfectly and makes a joy to play Osiris in Multiplayer. Kudos to developers that made this option playable right from the beginning.I feel like I have finished the game already in just 53 hours...................... Honestly, I don't mind to rebuild the whole thing again, I really love this game, but I'm not sure if I would be making the same buildings forever... Osiris RE-playability is quite short on Proteus 2, as been said before by some other players and if you have the Hover (that ride shoots like an arrow in speed mode), you will very soon find yourself with all the resources and quickly you will build everything. Why? Cause you don't have to walk / run (Out of breath or Oxygen) anymore.Now, me and my friend can't decide if we should RE-build a new Base on the same Moon but far away from the first base, or on the new Moon Aziel.If I'm not missing anything, I would like to suggest the following:We need more variety of buildings with more functionalities.How about a Cargo Space Ship? So we can at least take passangers?We need a much bigger (not infinite) land to explore. The Hover makes it too easy and fast to discover the whole land (not to mention with the Space ship).Can we tilt up / down the light posts instead of just rotation left right? Sometimes I wanted to light the building instead of the floor.The Turrets can add a bit more juice to be honest, they are turrets afterall :)Add left right up down propulsions control WASD, so one can control the Astronaut position/movement in empty SPACEWiki: Gameplay and plotOsiris: New Dawn is set in the year 2046, in which humans are starting to venture into interplanetary travel. The player is sent to the Gliese 581 system by the United Nations of Earth (U.N.E.) as a member of the second colonization team. The team is sent out to study the planets to see if they are habitable. The spacecraft malfunctions due to the light speed travel and crashes onto a deserted planet, which becomes the player's starting planet. In order to survive, the player must build a base while trying to prevail over the ""unpredictable weather conditions"".Can we ever go back home? ;) Maybe a way to travel back to Earth?Thank you and I'm looking forward experiencing Aziel Moon!"
,Recommended,402710,34615872,Posted: 30 August,all,Its_Brogan,"An amazing game. Based around multiplayer, their needs to be a bigger community around this to improve the way online feels so it's more interesting. I wouldn't say it is worth £18 more around the £12 pound mark. This would be more just so ther community can grow. Apart from that a superb game and i hope the developers continue to update as they have."
76561198304089521,Recommended,402710,34701825,Posted: 2 September,all,D_Lazarus,The game is fun when building a universe with friends. The game was rough before the test beta and now architect update but it runs really smooth and if the game is dificult you can adjust the settings to make your universe as easy or as difficult as you want. The time i have spent plaing is definitely worth the money spent.
,Not Recommended,402710,28545427,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Alpha Llama,"I bought this game for a friend for christmas. To start with we were wowed by the graphics. But it didnt take long for the initial glossy veneer to fade. Let me first say i like survival games of this ilk like Ark that have steep learning curves. But this game takes a starting grind and turns it into a horrible hateful unnecessarily grindy direction.You initially spawn into a random area in the gameworld and then proceed to collect planetary resources that are needed to improve your basecamp. But while you are collecting the required items you are constantly being plagued by aliens who are ludicrously hard to hit because of terrible hitboxes surrounding them.  This would be fine if you could outwit the enemy AI or use different tactics or manouvers to kill the enemy or covertly hide in your starter dome from them. But when three or 4 mobs randomly spawn next to you even if you manage to hide in your starter dome the creatures seem to be able to clip into your small dome and hit you even when the door is closed, after trying a few tactics the best you can hope for is to just die and hope the alien moves on or despawns so you can loot your body. If you manage to venture out too far and lose your body completely whilst out foraging you lose your guns and any items you were carrying. This makes the game even harder and frustrating when starting out after you respawn. Should you be unfortunate enough to lose your starter guns its a super long grind to get enough supplies to build the crafting station equipment needed to replace even the lowliest starter pistol gun......Add to this a AI droid companion that is buggy / gets stuck or  disappears completely in the gameworld from time to time for no reason and you have a game that is just way too frustrating to put your time into. If the devs are reading this please please allow noobs to at least respawn with the pistol when they die when initially starting out.  Also try to make the starting out grind just that little bit easier. Its one thing for a game to be challenging because it requires skill but this games failings just made me want to uninstall rather than spend my time grinding for the sake of grinding.TLDR : it looks great but has a lot of bugs and is frustratingly hard for all the wrong reasons"
76561198079214320,Recommended,402710,34233943,Posted: 14 August,all,Lorian,"YES i DO recommend this game, YES it is a great game...BUT:I fell like i have to tell you guys about the bad stuff even though i DO RECOMMEND this game. the good stuff has already been covered a lot.1º It IS an  unfinished game. So dont expect much.2º The way it is NOW, it gets boring. 1 of the reasons for that is the ""exotic stuff"" you need to find to build things, are on  just 1 spot in the entire world. (e.g. there is ONLY 1 rubber tree in the WHOLE WORLD).(NOTE TO DEVS) 3º The time required to CRAFT ingots is ABSURD. PLEASE DIAL THAT DOWN TO AT LEAST 1/3 of what it is now.4º If you whant this game for the vehicles, (like i did) you´ll be disappointed. By the time you get them, there´s nothing left to do.5º The devs came up with an animation when you get stuff from the floor...honestly that animation is KILLING ME.6º The game is HARD, specially in the beggining. Monsters WILL put you down in the very first night when you dont know what to do.7º The game doesnt teach you ANYTHING. So...if you NEED WATER, good luck, because you´ll have to FIGURE IT OUT how to get it.Okay, that beeing said. IT IS A GREAT GAME, dont be mistaken. and im sure it will be an AWESOME game when it gets finished."
76561198015320960,Recommended,402710,25789893,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Wild,No Man's Ark.
76561198058387754,Recommended,402710,26479079,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,NiveN,This game will become a new classic!
,Recommended,402710,34515895,Posted: 26 August,all,DaJeDa™,"Im writing this review from my experience with EA content back in late 2016 to the first few months of 2017 following the current state of the game that could be released in the future with what the Beta has to offer.A great start to a beautiful looking game. Ive had this title for almost 9months now, much has been devolped since ive last played. When the Beta version is going official i think it will push the game to the next level. Just remember this is EA there will be bugs.In PvE there is a good amount of content although easily obtained if you dont really want the worlds biggest base or you have alot of people to help obtain/ gather everything.In PvP this is a good thing knowing that you could just as easily obtain what you lost if you get attacked. Keeping you engaged and not just hoarding things like a chipmunk.There is a good amount of things that can be crafted ATM. It just takes a person willing to dream big and make some giant bases with what is currently available in the game."
76561197993917914,Not Recommended,402710,29552110,Posted: 28 January,all,icejam,"Nothing to do!Had high expectation from this game – trailer and youtube videos looked awesome.But the 'habitable' part of the world is about 2km x 2km with the rest of the planet being a monotonous desert without any features like mountains, craters (or rocks even).Resources are really easy to obtain – with a bit of luck everything is within 500m from the base – and only 2 types of creatures trying to eat you (spawning in the exact same locations)AI is really poorly implemented with creatures unable to attack you if you are in flight or standing on a create.It took me 12 hours to build most of the structures and a spaceship... after that there is nothing to do.If it wasn't for countless bugs, crashes and reloads – it would probably took only 10h to 'explore' the whole world.Spend your money on Ark instead"
,Not Recommended,402710,33458189,Posted: 11 July,all,Infern,"I bought this game originally because i thought it was going to be a space adventure... that would blow NMS out of the water.Played it for 30 minutes during the release... Thought it had potential. Just wanted itRejoins the game in 2017... Tries to play it...Finds out I have to use a ""rock"" to kill enemies...For ♥♥♥♥ sake... I've had enough of this ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t...I wanted a space game not... ♥♥♥♥ing Conan Exiles, Rust or Ark...After looking up more information about the game...Originally you started with a gun with Infinity ammo (which seemed more fun)...This is even worse than NO MANS SKY...Unless the game changes DO NOT TOUCH THIS GAME..."
,Not Recommended,402710,33884599,Posted: 29 July,all,Naali,"I'll keep this simple. The starting gear now is a joke. 2 breadcrumbs, a used postage stamp sized bandage, and enough water to hydrate a gnat's toe for a milisecond doesn't help. Just give me nothing and save me the trouble of attempting to play the game at all. I like challanging games (I played several difficult games from the late 80s early 90s as a kid) but essentially spawning someone over a pit of lava holding the RSS of launch pad 39B and saying ""go"" without any indication of what to do is rediculous. I wanted this game for epic alien battles and off-earth survival. Not playing ""lets find the rock that's somehow different from 320 million other identical rocks for an hour while everything in the universe chews off your♥♥♥♥♥quot;That said some people find this game enjoyable. I however do not in the slightest. If you want a challenging but fun game look elsewhere. If you get off to getting constantly kicked in the balls, smashing computer periphrials, or watching game over animations, well this game is probably for you."
76561198123611910,Not Recommended,402710,34365644,Posted: 19 August,all,RedHeadDragon88,"Day 1, only got a knife and a hand full of water, air tanks and some rubber and steel. At dusk, I got ganked by two sand slug looking things. Knife took care of them. Went and found some base materials and was ganked by 3, THREE! of the ""level 1 young crab monsters"". They're fast, big, and do a lot of damage. My knife does nothing, and you can't outrun them. So I died. Upon respawn, I have no gear and another level 1 young crab monster shows up at the spawn point. I can't defend myself. I jump up on top of the shuttle pod thinking I can get away. Nope. The crab can jump leaps and bounds. I die again. I spawn and its there again. I just went ahead and quit the game. Not a good first impression at all. And I even set the difficulty on easy and upped my damage dealt. What the hell?"
,Not Recommended,402710,30733150,Posted: 25 March,all,murps,"The Steam trailer, nearly a total lie to the game you buy. The bugs in this this are horrendous and plentiful. The planets so far, so boring it hurts.And whats with the environmental storms? I didnt see many new dawns cos the dam wind and dark clouds were covering everything in a shade of grey and darkness, AGAIN! I swear its 94% storm/darkness on the planets.Definitly not worth 25 bucks at this stage. It better get improved or itll flunk."
,Recommended,402710,26021313,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,KingColton1,">Names character Sean Murray>Spawns on a abandoned planet>Realizes this isn't No Man's Sky and is surrounded by the hostile aliens (his haters)>Runs away with his No Man's Sky case>Says ""My mind is blown, there's so many of you playing my game! WOW!"">Escapes from them and hides in a dark cave>No one heard from him until thenClassic Sean."
76561198029781422,Recommended,402710,25788729,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Davidleblanc20,"this game is what No Mans Sky SHOULD of been, the graphics are fantastic, the effects are outstanding, very well optimised ( im running on a 6 year old system with an i3 processor and im getting a solid 50 FPS on high graphic settings with AA and V-sync off ), fair amount of content for a game thats only 2 days old, This like Subnautica but set on land. i know ive only got just under two hours on record, but thats all i needed to see the potential of this game."
76561198224221608,Not Recommended,402710,28969451,Posted: 3 January,all,Nriareus,"I am about 5 hours into the game and I love it. Only downside is, the fruits of your labor is so underminning it practically ruins the whole experience. One Item in particular that is the most tredious to farm or even obtain is Rubber and Plastic. Which essentially every structure, Furniture, Utility and good number of other devices and mechinisms needs these two materials to be built. After building your first habitat is when rubber and plastic begins to become important. In order to obtain rubber or plastic, one ingrediant needed is Chlorine. Which is roughly over 1000 meters from your spawn location in any direction. Don't think that's far, its over 3000 feet away when converted. A toggle walk button makes it some what better but not by much really and thats only the icing on the top. There is more BS. In order to harvest the gas. You need barrels which arent monumentally hard to get your hands on and holds about 100 units of whatever measurement this game is using to measure gases. Now you would think 100 Chlorine in a barrel would be good. No, It's not. Rubber and Plastic each need 50 Chlorine to produce just one of these redicously simple items. So now your using an over-sized BB-8 droid unit from star wars to help you haul about 15 of these barrels 3000 feet away from your base all while being chased by Kabutos and Krabbys. This game is great and I've enjoyed everything about it except the idiotic lack of ingrediants for such necassary and simple materials. It has so much potential yet the developers still have a ways to go. Get this game when its on sale and give it time for the deves to work on it. Only reason I'm giving it a thumbs down is because 3 hours of just getting 8 rubber and 3 plastic when simple things like lockers need twice that amount is not worth it."
76561198056824572,Not Recommended,402710,32296404,Posted: 9 June,all,C.R.Ash,Congratz developers you have managed to ruin a good game
,Recommended,402710,26151552,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,The Cynical Brit,Well done. Graphics are stunning
,Recommended,402710,25792614,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Porter,"It's buggy, glitchy and the optimization isn't the greatest, but this seems to be the norm for an EA game these days. Yet despite all that it's pretty fun. The atmosphere, the music, the crafting, the graphics and the combat all come together nicely to make a very immersive experience.The devs have a very long way to go as it feels there is a lot missing. To be fair it is an Early Access game; like a REALLY EARLY Early Access game.This may sound cliche, but this game has a ton of potential. If the devs do this right, it promises to be one of the best games I will play this year."
76561198010125888,Recommended,402710,25865198,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Infez,"Yeah it's still alpha, But there's gonna be awesomeness soon.."
,Not Recommended,402710,34048069,Posted: 5 August,all,J3ST3R-M4A3,"This game changed a lot since the original release to Early Access.  The DEVS have destroyed it!  I no longer find any entertainment in playing this game.  It is sad really as I had high hopes and even suggested the game to my Steam friends, they were at least smart enough not to buy into it."
76561197983520737,Recommended,402710,28328639,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Shadow,Fun game
,Recommended,402710,27211461,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,MadManMaddy,Good Concept. Looking forward to full features.
76561198233294664,Recommended,402710,34617577,Posted: 30 August,all,Picard(noj),A+ On the most recent update! The polish is the most impressive thing. My game is much less glitchy and I like all the newest additions. Bravo!
76561198054582889,Not Recommended,402710,26641146,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,DWM,"This is a review for single player.I survived. I builded and I ended in space in 15 hours....Get the feeling that I finished this game already, but why do I have this unsatisfied feeling?No secrets? The cave that I found, and the giant sandworm was the only highlight of the game.Still needs a ton of work.... Or is this all? Is this game really only for the battle against players and aliens?"
,Recommended,402710,25745538,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Aero,WHAT? 600+ FPS? And here I thought it would be like ARK
76561198065999872,Not Recommended,402710,28702515,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Trial For NBA2K,"The game has amazing potential.. but dontbuy it until its full release. The multiplayer and crafting system are very incomplete and lack luster, and the game itself has a few bugs.if you gave this game a couple years of dedicated time to get to a better sate, itd be worth it, thankfully my refund was accepted but I will keep an eye on this game for a future full release"
,Recommended,402710,25822170,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Kuss,About Time just hope it dont DIE like the Others
76561197967679816,Recommended,402710,33645758,Posted: 18 July,all,Jay,"Forget about the complaints of:""It's too hard""""I want hand holding tutorial""""I want a 3 course meal to feed me for 7 days and gallons of water""""My pistol runs out of ammo""""My knife breaks""Well guess what - its a survival game - if you crash landed on a planet - do you think there will be this hologram, or a companion saying - Oh, here, you need t hit this, you need to walk to these exact locations, eat this.No you wouldn'tNewsflash - pistols actually run out of ammo, and knives do break - shock horror.Right, after my little rant at the babies on the forum who review a game based on how much hand holding they want - the latest update is excellent.I have played this before the latest big patch and after - and what an improvement.  Graphics and gameplay have been improved immensley, only thing that I find annoying is that movement and picking up is very sluggish, but that is a minor issue.If you want a game that gives you masses of tutorials up until the completion of the game, or enough food to survive a survival game, then this game is not for you.If you want a game where you actually have to figure things out, make things like you would have to out in the wild, survive and improve items - oh and did I mention FIGURE THINGS OUT FOR YOURSELF then this game is for you.I have had a blast with the limited time I have had to play, and will be playing this a lot more.Well worth it!"
76561198036007902,Not Recommended,402710,26509966,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,samuel.a1370,"Im sure there is some fun to have with that game,  I know that the game is a early access,  but lo be honest most of those games dont change much after the early release version. Survival game can be fun if survival is about how clever you can be, and if the exploraction part is fun enough.  In this case you will spend the first 12h of the game moving from one rock to the other to mine that rock in hope of finding magnesium, some of the mining process can be ofloaded to your robot companion but stil... Picture yourself spending 12h of your life looking at an animation of somenone hiting a rock franckly if you have fun doing that and that much time to lose we are not of the same species and those will be your first 12h of game play. I played subnautica had massive amount of fun playing it because of the graphic and also the sense of imersion and scenario and variety of games mechanics involve in the game and the exploration that was lots of fun.  That game was a good bang for the buck, not seeing that happening here.  All life form in that game is there to kill you and not greatly animated. So if something move you have to kill it. In my oppinion it kind of ruin the exploration part. The voxel generated map have floating piece of rock.  Map generation is great for the general aspect of a map but some work need to be done to polish afterwords. Here, entire map are random and procedurally generated. The end result is not good."
,Not Recommended,402710,30090212,Posted: 21 February,all,Duffman,"I'm rather beside myself as to the amount of positive reviews that this game has garnered given its current state and the glaring amount of issues.While there are several positives to this game:Although not entirely unique, per se, the setting of this game is definitely a breath of fresh air from the usual wasteland/zombie-plagued sand box games.The jet pack, hovering system is a nice addition, at times.Addition of gasses as a collectible resource.The craftable items, while limited, are quite nice.I once saw a giagantic ""Tremor""-like worm come up out of the surface of the planet to come crashing down near me and reburrow itself.  [Unsure of whether or not this was actually a physical model in the game capable of attacking or being attacked, however, it was certainly terrifying.The positives in no way outshine the negatives of this game:Hands down, combat is atrocious.  The amount of lag in the animations of enemies while they're moving; it's almost       as if half of the enemies don't even have animations for movement.  When in combat a majority of the enemies will    simply warp from one location to another in a sporadic zig-zag making it nigh impossible to accomplish anything.As there only appeared to be four hostile enemy models (not taking into account their young/adult variants), combat grows to be very stale, even without consideration of animation lag.Resource distribution is very hit or miss.  While I'm not opposed to having to go exploring for rarer materials, there are times when common resources seem no where to be found in certain locations.  For instance, first game I played had Iron no where to be found.Gathering mineable resources is also somewhat odd.  Majority of the time, when you mine a node the resources will go directly into your backpack, however often enough ores will go rolling off of the node that you've just mined, forcing you to pick them up.  I'm a bit nonplussed as to why the developers added both mechanics into the game instead of just picking one - either items go into your pack, or you have to pick items up off the ground.Connecting structures suffers from having to position your mouse in some bizarrely specific location, which forces you to have to inch your mouse arround until the structure being placed turns green.The crafting system, while unique, is absolutely terrible.  In order to craft anything you have to hold down your mouse button for a set amount of time until it's completed.  This idea neglects those of us that like to craft many of a set item at one time.  Take glass for instance:  to craft one glass takes one second of holding down your left mouse button.  Crafting 240 glass requires you to hold your left mouse button for 4 minutes straight.  I shouldn't have to elaborate as to why this is a terrible mechanic.Sand storms.  While a nice touch at first, these quickly become extremely irritating not only due to the way in which they obscure one's view, but that at some times  last for as long as 15 minutes.A price point of $25 is too high.  Considering what this game has to offer, there's roughly 10 or so hours required to accomplish everything in its current state.  Then take into consideration how poor the gameplay is and how much has to change for this to be enjoyable."
76561197970947742,Not Recommended,402710,31607970,Posted: 7 May,all,Halifax789,"neat idea, phenominal graphics, BUT takes many hours (if not days) to gather resources (still takes days, even using the forum to find precise locations of all resources) enough to build a vehicle factory and vehicle, only to spawn your vehicle underground, unusable, and lose all your resources.How did this get though QA?Avoid."
76561198091362767,Not Recommended,402710,31656340,Posted: 9 May,all,TheAwesomeOne,"Osiris: New dawn was a game I looked extremely forward to playing. The community is pretty kind for the most part, even if they are from a different faction from you. The game when I first started was kind of complex at first, but as I got into it got better. The problem with this game is I came across a major bug that made the game completley unplayable for me. I traveled out of the main planet, collected some resources and came back and my game glitched. When I reoped up the game. I wasn't at my home planet where my base was established or where my spacecraft was. I spawned on a planet where I just went to and left from, with no spacecraft to get back home with. So even if I could manage to get all the supplies to travel back, all my gear and my entire base would become abandoned when I got back or worse completely destroyed... As of right now, I can't play osiris new dawn because of this issue. I almost feel as though all the hours I put into it were a loss... The other downside is the online community is very, very small, so when you play this game, you may only find maybe, a few people on a server at one time. Oh and one last thing, the other con is that fps is very very poor, I have a gtx 1060 6Gb graphics card and can only currently get like 24 fps out of the main world... When I leave the main world or go into the mine I can get like 60+fps, I asked around with the online community what there results were like and they said they were having similiar results. They also said the game didn't use to be like that and they were able to achieve 60+fps 1080p ultra settings and they have rigs with i5's cpu's and graphics cards like the gtx 1080's and rx 480 8GBs. So, yeah. At its current state this game is broken in some ways... Do I reccomend purchasing the game right now? No, I don't. It's just not quite there yet.  Doe it have potential? Yes, yes it does. I believe this game can be better and somewhat relaxing to play. But, the bugs are making it hard to do that."
76561198042349935,Not Recommended,402710,31763932,Posted: 15 May,all,aurondenengrad,"In the early versions of the game, it was playable and very enjoyable, the latest update however seems to have messed it up, at least for me, some key resources have become so rare, that i spend upward 2 hours just wandering around the world on a new game just looking for it. that shouldn't be needed for a most basic resource required to enjoy the game, That being said.Pros:-great graphics-excellent enemy programming-massive, explorable world-Unique amongst sandbox gamesCons:-key resources are extremely rare-map system is terrible-build system can be tedious-enemy sneak attacks can get very frustrating-some building materials seem unbalancedBiggest flaws:-Cannot bottle lake water-cannot convert water to hydrogen and oxygen [seriously, i can do that for 5 bucks IRL]-Hydrogen and other gas geysers are so darned difficult to find without some sort of tutorial, you might as well just giveyour players the middle finger!, at least add a differnt icon on the navigation device to identify gas spots, or as said prior-Add a world map!!!!"
,Not Recommended,402710,34744002,Posted: 4 September,all,brocbar,"--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------CURRENT REVIEW--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------My first review was very positive.Two updates later i must change my review.The developers attempt to introduce ""building components"" so that you can make your own structures from scratch is a cathastrophe.Not only it doesn't work well, it doesn't work at all.The old structures disappear, the new blocks can not be deleted ...If seems like an intern took ownership and started implementing new features disregarding the game as it is.This doesn't look good anymore, going that direction kills the game stability and makes a wonderful game system just a blunt not working copy of many other survival gamesChanging my vote to NOT RECOMEND--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------1ST REVIEW--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------This could become a killer Survival Game ... when (if) it gets finished.Stunning graphics, original building system, vehicles, flying (incl. spaceborne) , multiple planets (2 right now) ...For an Early Access game top stability and playability.There is still a long way before the team, but so far i'm impressed whith their delivery.Content delivery should be the top priority as the game mechanics are already quite playable and I hope they open the game for modding / comunity content; a standalone dedicated server would also be a good idea for the future.I definitely recomend the game and ... I want to strip down my space suit when I'm in the base !!!!"
,Recommended,402710,25745004,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Logicbomb,Early impressions: Fun and buggy with lots of potential thrown in.  Just what you should expect from an EA game. It's got some frustrating bugs and if you can't handle losing items to them then wait for them to iron them out. Otherwise Jump in and enjoy.
76561198274251354,Recommended,402710,32327640,Posted: 10 June,all,fireball1122,"Hello!Welcome to my review on Osiris: New Dawn, this game is one of my favorite games, despite all the reviews you might read about it being too buggy or too laggy. I will address why I believe this game should be reviewed in a better manner and fashion. Without further talk, lets get right into it!OKAY, so... What really is Osiris? (SPOILER)Osiris is (at this time) an early access release of the game, similar to that of Rust and the Forest.  With that said, the game is expected to be cheaper now, so if you have read all the reviews, and want this game, buy it while its cheap, if you're going to buy it on steam. BUT anyways, back to the real discussion, what is Osiris? This game IS a survival, crafting, multiplayer/singleplayer, multi-planet traveling game where mining different types of nodes and resources is vital to your survival, in a harsh environment similar to that of Mars. With that said, you can expect water to be scarce, sand to be very common, and crazy sci-fi aliens to be on this game.  Early game, you can loot the spawnable crates to get assessed with the appropiate materials to survive the game, these crates will glow a blue-ish color when you put your cursor on them. Following this, you will have basic missions to get started, and depending if you're on a multiplayer server with players, you can usually get a response from them if you need help, a great way to get started.  As you get into the game you will find that there are currently two mines where you can get specific resources and continue on fourth through the game. Later game you will find yourself making vehicles, and advanced types of bases including laboratories, biodomes, and other such structures. At this point, you will likely play between 10-30 hours, depending on how fast you grip the game and if you play with friends.What are most reviews saying?I know you might be familar with most of these reviews by now with mixed opinions if you read most of them already, but I want to assure you, theres a solution for most of these. I will go by solving some of the major issues people have with the game, and how to fix the game.1. The game is too laggy, and I get low FPS even though I'm on a good PC, type of reviews.Yes, the game is laggy even on GOOD PC's at times, I myself have a GTX 1080 and an i7-6700k, which if you know tech, is not a bad rig at all (mines about $2100 total). I find that public servers are a bit laggy if a LOT of people are logged on or played on the server. I believe this is due to a lack of server restarts or entity removals, but it seems to be the amount of players that effect this.BUT, as I said above, I do have a solution for this!Theres a few options:A. If you're planning to just play with friends, create a private universe.  These servers have NEVER lagged for me as much as public servers, I remained at 60 FPS (V-Sync isnt disable-able), and have only lagged once on here for a brief few minutes, thats all. I recommend trying this if you have a friend you want to play this with. NOTE: It MIGHT not work if you have special characters in your name, and once its made it cant be deleted, but can be edited. Also, there is a way to invite people, so just continue looking if you cant find it.B. If you're planning to play alone with no one else, I recommend trying singleplayer. I have never played singleplayer, but I am nearly positive it is less laggy than some of the public servers, and is worth trying. This is a good way to gain a better experience with the game, as you find that playing it is more harsh and adventurous, without someone telling you how to play it the whole time.C. If you're planning to make new friends, try joining a public server with players, sometimes they don't actually lag. If it does occur that it is lagging, I recommend just finding a new one, each server is different when it comes to lag, not all of them lag though, I promise. You can also go on the forums to find friends to play with if this isnt working or if you want to play with experienced people.D. If none of these are working you can always read the guides made by the community and the developers (I believe), to help make the game as least laggy as possible.2. The game is very buggy, why is it so buggy, I didnt expect it to be like this, type of reviews.Yes, this is true, the game is buggy, but not as buggy as some people might exaggerate it to be. With the experience I had playing the game, the only really bad bug I went across made me lose my hover bike due to something I did, a quite dumb bug but still caused me to loose both my stuff and the bike. Even though there might be one or two bugs that can occur, none of them should be bad enough to make you want to leave the game, most are the little things. Each update I see, the devs strive to get rid of these bugs. My suggestion and recommendation to you is to report these bugs on the steam forums, this doesnt take more then a minute of your time and it benefits not only you but thousands of other people this might come across to. Nothing has really caused me to loose my temper due to a bug on the game, and I dont remember this occuring to the five friends I have that also play, so I dont even recommend considering this one too much.3. The game doesnt have water, I cant find any geysers, where is are some of the resources I cant find any, type of reviews.No, actually this isnt true, all of these are possible to find when you start playing and understanding the game. Some of the stuff mentioned above is found in mines or in special places, further down the map. The reason this is an inconvienance to most people is because they are forgetting the fact that this is a some what realistic game where everything you need might not be so easy to access. This type of harsh environment is what makes this game so unique, and a great experience. As far as water goes, it is accessable from sap trees, simply click a sap tree with an empty glass container and you get complex liquid, this is pretty much water. These trees usually spawn near the front of where your spawn area is, there very tall with a soft purple spike type of leaf.  When it comes to food, just hit trees to get berries, or cook alien meat, its rather simple really. And for those resources like geysers or rubber and special minerals such as carbon, lead, lithium, you can search the mines for these or the map. If you're still having trouble you can just check the wiki online or use guides on the steam forums, they can be helpful for starters.Final portion/result of the review!I do recommend this game if you have had good experiences with survival/multiplayer/crafting/space related games or just like these topics. Also, I want to again mention that it maybe best to buy it while it is cheap, which is now because it is early access. And as a final note I want to reflect upon the developers with their constant hard work on making this such a good game, there a good team of developers.Thanks for reading my review, I was 100% honest so do put this review into consideration when it comes to buying the game, I dont spend this long typing for no reason.Rating of the game!9.2/10 - Still needs a little work, but because of how fun the gameplay is, its now one of my favorites!"
76561198175486387,Recommended,402710,26625890,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,ShamBox,i had fun with this game at frist but now since i have to spend a lot of time reparing thing i have now time to explore but and what time i have to exploer im always beening attacked by ailans quite serussely falling from the sky every five minutes and any space travel is pointless
76561198063672972,Not Recommended,402710,34488392,Posted: 25 August,all,TonyThePrawn,"This game used to be some kind of entertaining once but wtf did the developers do with it?After a break of several months I returned and couln't believe it. The game has more bugs than ever, the performance got worse and it's merely impossible to survive.In earlier versions you got a small base, some food and water to survive until you've build a better one. And you got a weak pistol with infinite ammunition. When meeting multiple aliens there was only a small chance to get away but it was possible.Now you have nothing. The pistol is empty after the first alien, your knive gets destroyed, your jetpack needs fuel. You need to craft things but you can't until you level up to learn the skill. To level up you need to kill aliens or mine ore etc...But how if your weapons and tools get destroyed immediatly?"
76561197995865002,Not Recommended,402710,32035160,Posted: 28 May,all,Solar,-Small map-Dumb AI (spawns 200 meters near you. run at you in a straight line. Jump on top of building and spend 6 mins shooting it with pistol)-Nothing to do in game but build a base.-no EndgameCould have potential in further updates. As of now i don't recommend it.
,Not Recommended,402710,30856042,Posted: 31 March,all,Invader Dem,"In it's current form, I would not recommend this game but it definitely looks promising. The issues below are what pushed me away. If they address these, I'd be more than happy to give this game another chance. If the majority of these things won't be a problem for you, then it may be worth checking out.After having played the game for about two hours and doing two games (which will be explained later), I ultimately felt lost with no direction to go. Outside of general metals, I had no clue where to even get basic materials to build the vast variety of items that you can build. I don't mind large exploration, but as I explored, I didn't encounter new things, just the same stuff I've already harvested.It also wasn't a good feeling dying immediately before I realized that the tape in my inventory patches up my suit. The UI is a bit overwhelming at first so if there was a message on how to fix the suit, I didn't see it. You're also required to stay hydrated, but on a Mars-like planet where there's no indication of liquid, I'm not sure where to get water. Survival mode is fine, but I think you should be given a direction for basic survival. Show me how to get water, then make the resource difficult to get.There was also a bug I encountered (I hope its a bug): Mining for resources was very - VERY - picky. Resources appear to be multiple nodes clumped together, but the hitbox to get them to break apart seems ridiculously small. I have to move my cursor along the node, waiting to hit the sweet spot. Otherwise, I'm just aimlessly swinging at it.Enemy fights were frustrating. If they get up close to you, it's difficult. And if they hit you with a melee attack, it forces your camera to move as your character reacts to the attack. I actually had to start a new game because there were two of them that were at my spawn/camp, so I couldn't easily get my corpse, had no ammo for my assault rifle, and the pistol does nearly no damage to them, especially because it's very difficult to aim at them as they go all over the place. They literally spawn camped me. Let's just say I dreaded fights, wasn't excited for them, even at a low spawn rate.Finally, the the game didn't run nearly as smoothly as the promo videos show, which made the enemy fights that much more frustrating. This could be my machine's age ... but considering I'm just moving around, mining resources and doing some random fights, that shouldn't very demanding on my system.---On the positive side, this game is very pretty and the environment does make you feel like you're on a different planet. The weather effects and how it impacts your visibility with your visor is amazing. When it's dark, it's friggin' dark. The storm effects were pretty as well.There's a lot of upgrade aspects - everything you do provides some form of experience, so everything improves as you continue to do it. There's personal stat upgrades, and then science/battle/engineering upgrades through a skill tree. So no matter what you do, you're improving your character.The number of items to build is massive - even overwhelming at first. It's pretty clear they want you to be able to build a massive base with a lot of unique visuals.It's unfortunate that all this stuff seems difficult to get, as well as the vehicles that will help you navigate more quickly/easily. I would have loved to learn how to get more of this stuff. But the fact that I felt so lost after having spent about two hours on the game, I ultimately just lost interest.I'll keep an eye out on this game and see if things improved. But if you were to ask me if I should buy the game, I'd suggest waiting. But again, if the items above won't be an issue for you, it may be worth checking out."
,Recommended,402710,29796111,Posted: 8 February,all,Blazen,"Overall greatest game, just a few bugs. The gameplay looks amazing, and the music sounds great! The combat and crafting is perfect."
76561198240211920,Recommended,402710,29386850,Posted: 20 January,all,orion14794,"It's posed to be one of the best survival games in 2017! Gorgeous graphics, game play is excellent, weather conditions and effect are stuningly wonderful! I hope they continue to add and expand further it's contents. Am sure many of us agree on the fact that the flight mode should be also able to be handled with the mouse and/or flight sticks as an option, Better character customizations and out of suit mode when inside shelter, habitat, etc. My wife complains that there is no female character. For the female base, tht should also be added as a suggestion. Other than that she also enjoys the game as much as I do. Thanks for the developers and company for making such a wonderful game and looking forward to up coming updates..."
76561198114434853,Recommended,402710,29391258,Posted: 20 January,all,mpj759,"i really like the simplicity of the game but also the challanges you face along the way, going to take a break for now because i got stuck in an asteroid while flying my ship and closed the game only to find that my space ship was still up there and can't be bothered making another :("
76561198329547468,Recommended,402710,29389869,Posted: 20 January,all,hierwan,Sorry..dont like spawn the monster or creature..i like old version for spawn the monster or creature...
76561198171583075,Recommended,402710,28136301,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Nicolas,"Great game. I played about 25 hours to build almost everything in the game. Now i am waiting for more stuff to do.You can play a well 25-30 hours before you start waiting desperately for new stuff to do.But untill then, it is a nice and fun game you can play with your friends.It has some bugs but dev guys fix them quickly. Buy and enjoy!"
76561198051193014,Recommended,402710,29858593,Posted: 11 February,all,Nightwolf,"its early access so all the typical bugs, inventory disappearing, building system still needs polishing, etc. that being said lot of promise with this game, its fun, and theres a ever growing crafting system and you can zip around different planets. PvP is still unbalanced atm so if thats what youre going for i would hold off. pve is pretty stable atm and if you have a group you play with theres a lot of enjoyment to be had at this stage. once you get to other planets though youve pretty much hit the wall of what there is to do. in time they will add more. plus you can build robot crabs you can ride, im hoping for ark in space lol"
,Recommended,402710,29572881,Posted: 29 January,all,Floyd Collins,"Promising.First thing i want to note is how absolutely beautiful and atmospheric this game is. Even music is well-done and suits this game perfectly.From all ""survival"" games i played (and i played alot) this one really gives you that feeling of being completely abandoned on planet (or city, or island, whatever) that just wants to kill you.Sandstorms, nights where you can't see anything without flashlight (also, you can get sandstorms at nights - crazy mix), creepy monsters who attack you from behind (arachnids in particular), freaking huge sandworms (hello Shai-Huluds) - i lost all my starting equipment thanks to this baby.Now, for boring ""pro et contra"" list:Pros:1) Beautiful game design and atmosphere.2) Solid FPS on my middle-end PC. Stable 60fps@1080p at ultra settings.3) Two working planets, with working spaceship, vehicles (From hover bike to cyber-crab and metalge^W mecha)4) No-mess base building, especially if you have flat terrain. I recall building bases in H1Z1 and subnautica and that was really frustrating.5) Solid PvE thanks to local fauna (just buff them in settings a bit). Sandworms at stormy night will give you some unforgettable feelings.6) You can host your private, 24/7 server for free!Cons (well, more like ""things that can be improved""):1) Learning this game is pretty hard. There is no in-game help, missions covers only the very beginning (inflatable dome and etc). Prepare to read forums and wiki, but even they can't help sometimes - i still have no idea where to find seeds.2) ALOT of grind. Gathering metals and stuff are not a big problem, but siphoning gases are extremely boring and you will need tonnes of them for crafting. I'm not even joking, i have like 100 barrels at base.3) Some stuff which is available (obsidian, for example) can't be used for anything right now. Not a big deal, probably, but still confusing.4) MP can use some polishing. For example, my friend doesn't see light when he is sitting in my APC as a passenger. Also you can't see your friends on locator.5) Resource distribution are a bit strange - right now, ""rare"" tritium is easier to find than ""basic"" aluminium. And aluminium is required for basically everything.6) Cryptex, aka new blueprints, which drops from salvaged satellites. Before i unlocked advanced pistol i found like 50 with ""path light"".7) I hasn't found any way to destroy dropped objects.8) And, well, some issues with furniture. For example, you can't build two habitats and join them with tunnel, so you can't have big storage inside your buildings. You can attach multiple barracks to one habitat, but you can't build anything but bed, shower and relaxing place (one per base is more than enough) in this barracks! So buildings can be improved as well. Maybe simply allow placing storages in barracks."
76561198010367139,Recommended,402710,28820368,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,HenimeX,this game is about the service everything that i want from a space survive/sim game. i blieve dev team will improve this much more. i just cant wait. Run Osiris Run
,Recommended,402710,30643350,Posted: 20 March,all,Tubs,Its definatly a work in progress and a little grindy but this game is really imersive and quite promsing.
,Recommended,402710,28832491,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,<Ch@o$> Magician Farmskins.com,Awesome game has a few bugs like my space ship going to space without me and having to start all over again cause im stuck on Aziel and can't mine diamonds to make a new ship but 10/10 would start from scratch and rebuild lol another bug was that when leaving some loot in the inventories of ships and vehicles it despawns when logging out and everything in there is lost 2 major bugs that can ruin the game for some people and needs to be fixed ASAP.
,Recommended,402710,30912424,Posted: 2 April,all,brianthorpe26,"Really enjoyable.  I played single players and it took around 7 hours to build up base and have spaceship.  Can't wait for further content to be added.Great graphics, really stable for early release.Fuel tanks will be great a lugging canisters around is a pain.Would like biodome to be more usable, and lab should allow you to run tests on alien remains you scavenge.Games like this rekindle my faith in early releases."
76561198039331170,Recommended,402710,29104476,Posted: 7 January,all,C0mmandant,Really cool game worth it tho.. BUT it needs more content i only played 14hours and i already completed the game!
,Recommended,402710,26866771,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Sethni,Fun 'Other World' Builder; just watch out the the beetlejuice worms
,Recommended,402710,28504637,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,My Summer Spider,"Needs work and content,looks good."
76561198049080279,Recommended,402710,28684504,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,bill53916,"This game has a ton of bugs, however it is really fun to play.  If the server doesnt drop you and you lose half your stuff on saving the game.  It puts mining and crafting with a lot of hasards to fun game play.  I think a bigger map for people or even entire planets for one side and a planet for the other with the central planet netural would be really fun this may get rid of greiving not to say they cant fly to the other planet, but then its called raiding.  There are currently only 30-40 people on a  server which is not much for pvp when everyone is so close currently I am having problems when only 10 people are on a server.  The game is fairly easy to play but is not intutive on how to survive.  Your basic high school education on chemistry and what to do but hard to find anything due to visability.  This puts exploration to a limit.I havent been able to make it to the other planet when I had tried the server dropped me when I had restarted my space ship was in space and me on the ground; so much for that fully loaded bird ready to set foot and build a new hab.  It would be nice to have inter action with the GAV and ships to transport people at the same time.  I havent figured out how to group up with colonies as well. I think the physic engine is good but it could be a lot better.I think the exp is too fast and the build tree is buged so its too easy to just build a GAV and Ship super fast.#Discussions_QuoteBlock_AuthorApproximately how long will this game be in Early Access?“The release date for any game is always a moving target. With Osiris we not only want to build a ton of content and features into the game and planets, we also want to build out a fully realized Solar System that can be visited with each planet providing a unique experience for version 1.0. We estimate it will take about a year to get there.""I dont see this happening in the next year with so many bugs in game.  I hope they do!!!  I say this because if it takes 1-2 weeks to fix a bug (Tracking, fixing, not breaking other parts, testing, release).  with 100 bugs thats 500 - 1000 days.  Thats if you have the community stress test the actual fix which we are doing now.The maps are small, only one other planet to visit with little on it except freezing to death even in your space ship.  Habitats do not keep weather or rain or anthing out so its pretty much worthless to use execpt to build what you need.I like the degrading system, but the day and night cycles are too short and you get no feeling of what is around you before your unable to see again.Over all this game rocks keep up the good work Dev's..."
76561198018910640,Recommended,402710,26432587,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,DaCrazySniper,"Great concept, well executed.It is early access so expect some bugs.Developers updating regularly, adding new content and fixing bugs.Huge potential."
,Recommended,402710,27848394,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,DeG,Love this typ of games and the one looks good and performs good to. had some FPS problem in the begining but now i have around 40-55 FPS on my HD 6970.As the game is now you can't do that much but they add new stuff regulary and the next patch have alot of content so can't wait!Should you buy it? yes and no.. i would w8 for some more content BUT on the other hand it is nice to get to know the game now so you don't have to learn a ton o stuff later. and if it is on sale under 18 euro i would buy it!
76561198273512477,Recommended,402710,26396078,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,SavageRogue,"Absolutely love this game. It obviously needs work because it just came out a month ago and is still in EA, but this is no doubt playable. This is already a cool and fun game, and it's only going to get better. Once some big bugs are fixed and more content is added, this game is going to be the♥♥♥♥♥♥ It already is for me anyways."
76561198084949458,Recommended,402710,26542956,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Neokortex,"The game have potential but is currently to tiny for real play fun. After a very hard time to find a spawn to settle, I made all possible constructions and tools etc within 2 days. Thats it, so I tried PVP.PVP is total unbalanced atm. After few hours of playing, I raided 5 big bases including turrets etc.I hope they add more content soon but if I read correct, only 2 devs are working on that game. For me its more a trailer that allows game feeling but not more.So, yes I vote for the game because what I saw is very nice. But its a NO because its unplayable.My payment for the game is more like donation for the devs and I will not try to get it back. But make something out of it please that makes more fun in the future (= content)."
76561198075715073,Recommended,402710,28197419,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,dragon-slayer-4w,"first off, make sure you go into settings and change the alien presents down from infested to casual, by default its set to infested wich makes it really hard!!!....... here i am stranded on a planets moon, i have my personal assistant drone for company and a few supplys, i start to gather minerals right away, i find some alien plant life, and as i grab at it it breaches my suit, damit that ♥♥♥♥♥ prickily!!! i repair the tear, kill off a few creatures wiith my pistol wich by the way runs off of energy, so it never runs out, but its not that powerfull, i then deploy my one man survival dome, i lay down for a minute, i wake up to the sound of laser fire, its my droid fending off some unwanted visitors, i give him a hand and then we set out for some exploration, as we hoof it up a small hill i see what apears to be  a heard of an alien species that i have yet to incounter, i decide to not engage at the moment. a sand storm is now impearing my vision and its night, so i cant see a thing, i click on my helmets light, and seek shelter..thats it for now...i had to quit to watch the walking dead..loli ill add that some bad reviews dont make sense, the one about running out of ammo, as long as you dont loose your pistol your fine for now, their are numuros nodes of iron, copper,magneseim,alluminum, exc...and they added precious and basic nodes, the grind feels like most other games to me, so far..i know everyone wants to build everything real fast, but thats just not realalistic now is it...the music is eary and suiting..adds to the mystery of the planet..the planet feels large enough to me, as of 15 hrs in..the game feels ballanced to me so far, your not starving or dieng of thirst in a couple hrs or have to eat every 5 minutes..dont die and loose your begening resorces, it will make it much harder, you can find your dead body by holding your map and using lmb to cycle through points of interest, i had to restart 4 times because i lost my body and weapons, untill i figured the map cycling thing...have fun its worth the money in my opinion.."
,Recommended,402710,28249118,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,ChaChaYeYaYa,"I enjoy the game and since it is Early Access it shows really good promise. Some bugs that are present are that I saved my game and exited from the game and then when I logged back in my inventory was wiped meaning all my guns and food were gone making the rest of the playthrough just about impossible so that sucked. Also the settlement building does not really click to well, meaning that placing airlocks and stuff onto my habitat are super janky and very hard to get to line up if you can at all. But with that being said, the planet is cool to explore and the aliens provide a pleasent survival challenge I am interested to see where it goes in terms of story. Like I would love to know why exactly I'm here and if i can contact the people who sent me here and so on and so forth.Also I'm not sure why but my game runs at a solid 10 fps even though I have a quad core processor which is at a 3.8ghz. It is an AMD FX 4300 and my graphics card is not that great but I would have hoped that at low settings i could grab at least 30 fps but I think that is problem with my system more than anything."
76561197993005771,Recommended,402710,28213007,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Daan,I can't even remember the last time a game was as immersive and captivating as this one. Simply amazing!!
,Recommended,402710,28090106,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,BitLink,I would definitely wait to buy this game until it becomes more complete
76561198197367670,Recommended,402710,29423765,Posted: 22 January,all,CurryNudle,"TL;DR- Good game, lots of potential, 7/10.Gameplay----- This game truly is amazing in terms of gameplay, but could be a lot better. Building and finding resources is kind of a grind. Mineral placement definitely needs to be improved, but otherwise, it's great. The feeling that comes with being able to build things is extremely rewarding. I wish you could interact with satellites that you haven't built, but that's okay for now. Space travel is easy and can be done in a jiffy.Combat----- Combat is kind of iffy, but easy if you're good at aiming at things. Some creatures really need to be nerfed/changed up a bit. For example, the Parasyte really needs to be removed or nerfed. I was mining rubber from a tree and suddenly blood splattered onto my screen and my character's view shot up to the sky. I pulled out a pistol and looked around, but couldn't see anything(it was nighttime on Proteus 2, the moon that you start off on). I finally found a Parasyte scuttling around and trying to eat me. I couldn't get a bead on it, so I ran back to my base with a quarter of my health remaining. I had to boost jump onto the top of my biodome and camp there while I used a medkit and my ground turret took the Parasyte out. Skeliopods are annoying, but not too overpowered if they're not in a group with other skeliopods. Giant crabs are really easy to kill. Colossi are weird, because I didn't know whether they were hostile or not. Apparently they're not, but the colossus that I found broke away from its herd to come over to me and splatter blue liquid all over me. I didn't know whether it was trying and failing to kill me or if that was just its way of greeting me. I ran away, and eventually I lost it. Aziel is a lot worse, though, because there are hardly ever any Cow Giraffes visible and a lot more Salamanders than there needs to be. I wish the developers could increase its health but decrease its speed, and at least add some animation when the Salamander notices you and starts zipping through the ice at supersanik speed. I would rate combat a 7/10.Graphics/Visuals----- This game has BEAUTIFUL graphics. Only thing about visuals that I would suggest is making it easier to see on Aziel at night. I crashed so hard I lost half my spaceship's health because I couldn't distinguish between the ground and the sky. I rate graphics a 10/10.Bugs/Glitches----- The bugs are truly the worst thing about this game. There are two specific game-breaking bugs that I would like to address. One of them is losing your spaceship in some remote part of the world when your game crashes. My game crashed for the first time in my 11 hours of playing it a few days ago. I was reentering Proteus's atmosphere when my game crashed. I reloaded the game to find I had respawned in the middle of nowhere in Proteus. The same thing happened to my friend shortly after. We had to craft two whole new spaceships because we went in our other friend's ship into space to look for our ships, but we found them in the skybox, unreachable. Later, I went back to space in my new ship and saw my old, lost ship in reachable range, hurtling towards the blue gas giant with rings, so I couldn't reach it. One day on Proteus, I equipped my locator tool and eventually I found BOTH of our spaceships lying in the dust, in perfectly good condition, next to a giant Indlewrath skeleton. Now we have 5 ships, two of which we don't need. Another bug happened when my friends stored their belongings in repairdroids and hoverbikes, since we were too lazy to go all the way to our depositories on the other side of Proteus 2. We all left the game and rejoined later to find that all of our items were gone, along with the droids and hoverbikes which we couldn't find even with a locator. Nobody had access to our universe except us, and it was a private universe. Please fix these ASAP. I rate the bugs a 2/10."
76561198032109335,Recommended,402710,28814511,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Neowolfen,"I have to say when I purchased Osiris: New Dawn, even though it had good reviews and ws on sale I wasn't expecting much.  The game is still in Early Access it is not by any means a finished product, and literally everything is still a work in progress.BUTAnd yes there is a but, the game is actually good and enjoyable.  You play as a survivor/expeditionary from one of two factions on this alien world.  It seems once the game is done you will have a choicwe of one of four classes, however in the Alpha release there is only one Scientist (supposedly good at crafting starships) and you are male (hopefully the final game WILL have female avatars), you have a limited amount of color customisation to your space suit but no actual means to customise anything else about your avatar other than his name.When you enter the game you start with a few basics, some weapons, limited ammo, some food and tools, an inflatable tent (basic habitat in which you can save) and a single incredly dense robot companion who can supposedly, mine for you or repair for you but unless he's actually following you and being used as a pack mule is pretty much useless in every other regard as using the other commands it gets stuck on terrain due to poor pathing and will literally spend the entire game driving into a wall, or unable to cross a crater, or stuck between a building unless you hunt it out and tell it to follow every five minutes.  And occasionally it will even disappear entirely seemingly somewhere UNDER the map? only to re-appear once you exit and reload the game.  Robot issues aside though once the planet you are placed with your supplies at a seemingly random spot on the planets surface your survival has begun.What happens next is the mainstay of most survival open world games, seeking resources, cultivating them, improving your gear, building more useful structures, attaining some means of self sustainability etc..You have a number of things to worry about food and water (these deplete pretty slowly which works fine for this game), Health yours and your suits (very important), you have the means to patch your suit which is good because if it is breached you will slowly loose health until dead.  And if you die you have limited time to get back to your body to retrieve ALL of your equipment.  Not so much an issue in single player PVE.. but in multiplayer or multiplayer PVP..a single death can make your existence SUBSTANTIALLY more difficult unless you have a well developed stash to fall back on.Osiris however is no simple man vs environment game though and the environment is an issue, not just a night/day cycle but all manner of space weather from mists, to dust storms to meteor showers that seems to aim specifically AT you to certain vegetation that must be circumvented as it cannot be passed through.. no Osiris is a space HORROR Survival game.So what is the horror you ask?  Well the planet is notunihabited you see it has some pretty unpeasant fauna living it that objects to some fleshy pink bag of water interfering with it.  Big Crab like creatures, small really fast parasytes, to space mnkeys that leap at you, to small four legged gants to things that swim under and on the sand right up to a gigantic and I do mean gigantic Shai'Hulud like sand worm that the first time you see, you will literally need a change of underwear for (if you come across this at night, turn your light off, torun 90 degrees left or right and run and jump for all you can otherwise your toast), but literally any of these can kill you fast.  Plus if your PVP you also have the other faction players to contend with all of whom are armed and building just like you.There are some dociale alien wildlife too, but typically although many of these aliens spawn on the planets at certain locations fairly regularly they are also attracted to your mining and movments.  Come to close or mine too long and something comes..garunteed, you ge t a slight warning from the change of music but as to where and from what direction you have to look and fast as they come in quick and hit hard.Aliens aside as I say you spend the majority of your time collecting resources, refinign them into parts, using the parts to build things from better weapons, to facilities, to vehicles, to robots to turrets, to lights and flags...there isn't a HUGE amount on the build list atm but again early access.The game also have an RPG element to it in so much as your activities gain you XP, with xp you can level up, each level up you can spend point to improve your stats making you stronger, faster, more durable etc.. and you also gain points in either combat, science or engineering based on your activities which can be spent on a tech tree, which enables you to build certain things or upgrade certain things... none of which you can get by standing around you literally have to play to survive :)Another thing to note is everything built in game has a durability and also decays slowly over time, so although things can get damaged by enemies or aliens or even you if your a bad shot or driver over time things break down and need repairing anyway.  repairing is fairly simple but is also constant when it comes to your structures.  So if you have a loarge base and walls and turrets and lights and flags, and storage bins and vehicles, and robots and solar panels it all needs constantly fixing.  It uses no resources but you have to run around with a multi tool and fix everything (or the robots would if they worked well)  in multiplayer this is fine but in single player the natural decay is a massive time sink and pain in the behind.  it would be nice to have the option to turn decay off, or make decay limited to attack/aliens only just removing the natural decay in single player.To sum up Osiris is a work in progres, but it is beautiful, atmospheric and a great start and what will hopefuly once done be a fare more expansive game (with some story i hope).  It has issues a plenty as any work in progress would from disappearing, dumb as mud robots to moving around your base to suddenly find yourself catapulted far away due to some glitch, round to interiors with no lighting once built even though they should.. some of them can be frustrating but none of them detract from the promise this game shows."
,Recommended,402710,29205930,Posted: 12 January,all,SeeSharpist,"What can I say. I've been waiting for a truly awe-inspiring sci-fi survival for a while. Though the content is rather limited currently, this absolutely fits the bill.PROS:- Phenomenal graphics, holy cow. The landscapes and views (When it's clear) areabsolutely breathtaking.- The weather systems are truly immersive. Nothing quite like losing your bearing in a sudden sandstorm whist being hunted down but bloodthirsty aliens.- The music is grade-A for an early access. It always seems to fit the mood, whether tense and high strung during fights to melodic sci-fi during down times and stifling silence when floating out in space. Certainly helps to contribute to the immersion.- Alien AI are pretty smart. They always seems to find the paths over boulders to sneak attack you and even retreat once wounded.- New leveling system and skill web are a great addition and make crafting feel less grindy.- Materials are sparse enough to make it a challenge to find and survive before your starting supplies run out.- Playing single player truly makes you feel like a lone survivor on a hostile planet. Just how Matt Damon must have felt in the Martian but with less potatoes.- Have not played PVP but PVE multiplayer is definitely fun, especially now that they have private servers that you can use for you and your friends. Connection issues seem non existent after the last few patches as well.- Detail levels on material nodes, tools, weapons, vehicles, etc are very detailed. You can tell they put a lot of work into making this game look good. Animations are pretty great too for being in such and early stage.- The newAzielplanet is fantastically different from the main starting planet but, if anything, feels more hostile and much tougher to survive. I love it.CONS- Building limits. Right now You can only build 10 buildings and two vehicles, even locally. I can understand public servers but they should allow local games to up those counts.- Again, building limits. You can only build one Habitat within, maybe, a 500m range of each other, which means they can't be connected. Being able to build them closer to create a large compound would be great.- Still some bugs with structures. Clipping through windows sometimes, no lighting at night in the barracks. The biggest breaker is that you can have an uncapped hallway off a habitat that's opened up to the outside air and it still considers your hab as pressurized. Certainly immersion breaking.- Power. Currently everything runs without being powered, except for the Fabricator in the hab as far as I can tell. Would be more of a challenge to have to Macgyver some nuclear generators from plutonium or solar arrays earlier in the game to power your structures- Skill web is very basic. Would also like to have items I can't craft yet not show in the menus until they're unlocked.WOULD LIKE TO SEE:- Larger solar panel arrays- Bring large gas storage tanks back- More structures and larger building limit- Walls snap together much better- More creature types on the new planet, especially making sure they would fit in that type of environment(think fur for survival in frigid temperatures)- Space station base building would be AMAZING- Larger variety of droids, even if its for mundane things around the base- Parts from your downed ship at start to cannibalizeFINAL THOUGHTS:For a 25$ early access game, it is amazing. The world is beautiful and immersive. The music is on point. The devs are clearly passionate and dedicated (The Aziel patch, WOW) and even though there are only a handful of them (Three I believe when Osiris launched) they update regularly and are engaged with the community which is vital to an early access' survival.This game as insane potential and I can't wait to see where it goes! Sort of reminds me of Ark and the technical stages it was in a year ago. I certainly urge people to try this out, and if the content if too sparse for you currently, come back in a few months, I guarantee there will be much, much more!"
76561198065652835,Recommended,402710,29072454,Posted: 6 January,all,Thisisntevenmyfinalform,"I have played this game for awhile now and i would recommend this game to any that love the survival series of games. I havent even gotten to the vehicle part of the game so i really have only scratched the surface of this universe,."
,Recommended,402710,28519170,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,JoonDock,Looking forward to see this game grow. It's off to a great start.
,Recommended,402710,28473607,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,twitch.tv/CrimsonCommandr,"Osiris: New Dawn did what Ark should have done with their expansion, released a whole new planet for free. Great game and it keeps getting better!!"
76561198077758350,Recommended,402710,28060955,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Syphervos,"Great game, i would recomend it to anyone lookimg for a good survival game. I even nominated the game for the steam awards."
76561198010596188,Recommended,402710,27752401,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Xindianna,"Looking good so far. Love the sound effects. Hit boxes could be better when mining resources but hey I know it's early access.I've not played much of it so far but PLEASE make the keyboard mappable, although i'm right handed i've always used a mouse left handed, so use arrow keys to move around. Using ""WASD"" is very ""alien"" to me and tends to put me off playing anymore until this is patched."
76561198011346165,Recommended,402710,28731957,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Giberific,"If you played and liked Ark, this is much better. Less building but more survival involved..Excellent game. I lookforward to seeing how it turns out."
76561198024975458,Recommended,402710,29249327,Posted: 14 January,all,Irot Noot,"This game is absolutely a gem of a find.  While its still in development, its got quite a bit to do from the survival, exploration aspect.  Beautiful graphics and overall is stable on my system.  The game is in EA as of now, but give loads of fun things to build and explore.  Definately recommend."
,Recommended,402710,27343897,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,OPP[A]I - Kun,"The game is nice, Devs are listening to the Forum discussion and making alot of bugs fix, add even more content and really worth playing IF and only IF you are type of players want to enjoy the growth of the game by keep play and supporting. For now it have simple offer in the game, dont need to put up high expectation but indeed give it high hope"
,Recommended,402710,28749486,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,MR.NANON,I fell in love immediately and stunning about graphics after spend more 24hr in the game as single-player.This game is the best one survival game I've played.Environment and sound of the weather at the moment is incredible.However I look forword to see new thing in next update. Keep it up!!
76561198307502612,Recommended,402710,26435735,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,rummyey,-Good graphics-Well designed planet-Easy to use crafting/building system-Day/night cycle-Weather effects!I never felt so eerie and frightful on this alien planet especially at night or stormy weather.Few hours of game play taught me to mine and explore during the bright daytimeand stay close to the base during nighttime!
,Recommended,402710,29568310,Posted: 29 January,all,Ishvii,"VERY early access so it's hard to tell. Great setting for survival; feels like you're Mark Watney. Tons of bugs and little content, but it's heading in the right direction. Time will tell if it works out well. Excellent framerates though."
,Recommended,402710,29191293,Posted: 11 January,all,hemlut,"This game can be a hit or miss for some peopleAt first glance it looks just like another wishy washy survival game made by a ""indie dev"".But the game has so much more potential than that and is actually a really enjoyable experience depending on your taste,ProsBeautiful VisualsFunctionalMultiplayer with a less toxic communtity than most survival gamesThemeGameplayConsVery bad and buggy AITedious BuildingNot Much ContentBugs GaloreAll and all thats all ive gotten out of my 4 to 5 hours of playing, and I hope the devs continue to update and support this game as its actually a very promising entry rising out of the sea of bad survival games"
76561198228852152,Recommended,402710,26429903,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Chillyx,OK so its amazing and has a few glitchis cant wait for full reaslease :D
,Recommended,402710,26345153,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,-Vapid- Mupp3n,"I have played some diffrent survival/build games (ARK, 7days, h20, Factorio, spaceengineers etc) and i have to say this really has some potential!+ Really nice graphic/GUI+ Smooth vehicles (not as bugged as other games)+ level system+ easy ""starting guide""/quest- not so much more to do than build some buildings (but its alfa).10/10 would be eaten by the sandworm again! :D"
76561198217503597,Recommended,402710,29582682,Posted: 30 January,all,Wind,"Space ARK.Get it and pray to the devs they keep updating, this game has serious potential!"
,Recommended,402710,27892331,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,ZeroReasonz,All I can say is: I can't wait for the full release!
76561198087808324,Recommended,402710,29465092,Posted: 24 January,all,NYC1900,"PVP server is facked up for sure. you worked on your base for like 17 hours and then you got tired and you go to bed right? and next day you wake up and keep thinking how nice your base is and what kind of developments do you want to put on your sweet home. and you clicked on the icon, run the game, and then you select your charactor, and then you saw the buildings you built last night are not on those little boxes, you start to freak out a little bit, and you think huh..... its a early access game, maybe the game is gliching. and finally you are in game and spwan on your base location. all the things u see is your stupid robot running around like a husky and endless sand storm. and then your tears starts coming out of your eyes, because you slept over and missed class since you slept late last night working on your stupid base. and then you tell yourself, this is just a accident, things will get better.......after you lose your base 12 times you start to realize that you got facked really hard for 12 times, its like someone put entire Empire State building right in to your butt hole all the way to your mouth. and you trun to the darkside, created tons of charactors and use cheat engine to generate enought bullets for your revange. you kill and destory everything in your sight just like others destoried yours......generally speaking, this is a hell of a game. recommanded for sure"
76561197972990181,Recommended,402710,28682317,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,stagc2002,"do not let this game slip under your radar !!, suggest viewing some of the vids posted on Youtube to get a feel for the game if you are a little sceptical. Especially enjoy the co-op possibilities where friends can build bases and share resources and workload, it's gonna be a biggie."
,Recommended,402710,28690461,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,aR | R34P3R,"Osiris: New Dawn is a planet and space exploration game with a mixture of crafting and survival elements that currently takes place on two planets. It was finally released in Steam's Early Access on September 28th 2016 and I have been anxiously awaiting this game for a long time. When I saw the first pictures and trailers, it instantly gave me the sense of freedom and exploration on a grand scale that I have been craving. And of course, I have been very excited these past days when we all can finally set out to seek our destiny in this curious new universe.As I'm writing this review the game is still in very early development stage (ALPHA),  and weird bugs and nasty surprises are bound to happen. I was fully aware of this and knew the current annoyances would not keep me from having fun!With all that being said I give this game a 10/10. I thoroughly recommend that if you are into the survival space exploration games, this game is a must have."
76561198310413889,Recommended,402710,28646844,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Rawie,Love the new update!
76561198162300784,Recommended,402710,28662091,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Buccafresh,"Very Excellent Game, I am enjoying it a ton. Some weird bugs to be expected but overall it has many nice layers to the resources that keeps the game interesting for many hours."
76561198086820804,Recommended,402710,28719942,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,ShadowAries1,"Ive only played this game for about 5 Hours, and i love it. It has its ups, and downs when it comes to gameplay, but for the most part it is good fun.Pros:-Graphics are amazing - The qality is that of a AAA game, and very beautiful. I love the evironment, even the different weather effects like rain, and dust storms are very beautiful, and well shown. The sky is very beautiful as well showing different interstallar bodies like planets, and ring systems.-Gameplay is very easy - I find navigating the different interfaces very easy, and everything falls in place just as it should. I havent found a need to change any of the contol bindings due to the fact that everything is already well placed, and that everything is easily accessable.-Balance - The system is very fair when it comes to what resources you need to craft items. Although the aquisition of resources is a bit tedious it actually makes you work for things instead of the player simply being handed them.-Atmosphere - The Environment is constantly changing around you addind to the different moods. Gathering resources in the dark is quite a frightening task especially since dark in this game is REALLY DARK, no residual light like in others, ITS DARK. All of those environmental changes coupled with the different alien creatures, and there behavior really adds to the frightening, unknown planet mood.-Optimization - Although i have a good GPU the game preforms very well, and doesnt seem to tax my hardware even with the graphics settings maxed out.Cons:-Lens getting Dirty Inside - Even when you are within a sealed, oxigenated environment, your characters lens gets dirty by the weather effects, and different environmental effects.-Difficult Recovery - It is very difficult to recover from death unless you have a substantial stock pile of resrouces. Possibly add an easier method of aquiring weapons early in game that can actually do damage to the enemies you encounter, this would be especially helpful on the trek to recover your dead body.-Resources Grinding - Findind resrouce to begin with is very difficult due to the fact that your only told what you need, and not even what it looks like, or the area youd find it in, and unless you remeber the different lattitude, and longitude positions of the resource spawns finding more becomes difficult. Possibly add an ingame resources book that players can craft from basic materials that tell them about the different resources, and areas they may find them.-Very little guidance - I found myself needing to visit the wiki more then playing the game because after you craft the Forge theres no more missions to guide you even through the basics like, drinking, eating, using your inventory properly, and your skill webs which is all major parts of game play. Possibly add an ingame guide, or quest book, or even intigrate the wiki into the game in order to help guide the player through the basics, and even the more adavanced aspects of the game."
,Recommended,402710,29585569,Posted: 30 January,all,Ben Cavanaugh,"As you can see, I don't have much time on Osiris (10.5 hours when writing review). I have played this with my friends, it is really enjoyable not so much by yourself (My opinion, I Like to play with friends regardless the game), but great with friends. We built a massive base and had a GAV and a Hover in only 3 days (keep in mind we are new to the game) and it was great racing, killing aliens easily, etc. But what could make the game MUCH better, is if they add commands for SP, because that is where we can test things out, learn what to focus for, and just to explore, see the amazing planets. If they add commands, they would get so many more sales (I Recieved it from a friend, I did not but it myself, but my opinion it is worth the money)"
,Recommended,402710,30890448,Posted: 1 April,all,r0amingw0lf,Oh man. Amazing game. This game just throws you straight into the action. I was legitimately shocked and panicked the second I started the game. But it walked me through the panic and I got into my inflatable dome seconds before death. That was the most amazing beginning to a game i've had in a long time!
76561198073992859,Recommended,402710,26422095,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,lukexr125,"Love it, not too buggy, nothing game ruining for me anyway. Just need more, more stuff, more story, more variety; and it could be groundbreaking. the crater encounters (trying to avoid spoiler) are an amazing idea and i think should house bosses perhaps. and i really hope space exploration becomes available, if it already isnt, i see i can build a spaceship, just not there yet. Building blocks of a truly epic game, lets hope thats what it becomes"
76561198072155383,Recommended,402710,30687895,Posted: 23 March,all,Riskakan,"Fun game to play with friends, the major bug so far is the spaceship which just dissapered when exploring Aziel, now I'm alone on this cold icy planet. My friend is starting a rescue mission, but someone has to stay behind because you cannot be more than one in a spaceship...that sucks..Feel like I'm Mark Watney"
,Recommended,402710,28073443,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,AcidiousSoul,"While this game is by no means polished or complete it has great potential. Buying into Early Access Titles really gets the ball going for a game that you have longed to play. At the time of this review Osiris New Dawn has a detailed environment with very strong weather patterns, It just feels pretty and a little realistic. Creatures in the game are a little wonky in their movements but surprising. Many times I have gritted my teeth or jumped in surprise when one appears. Watch out for that worm! The on foot pvp at this stage in developement is easily comparable to unturned or rust with a major graphics boost. The vehicles are what brings out the damage and potential power of a group or even a think before acting loner allowing even one person to make a difference. With the addition of the leveling system it may allow even more tailoring to your playstyle goals. The building is modular but creativity is still a major asset when building a defendable base of operations. You also have a droid that follows you and accepts commands. As for that potential I spoke about.....even though you may start on a planet it is not the only one. You can build a spaceship and one day travel to other planets. I'm sure we will see geart things from this game."
,Recommended,402710,28080546,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Osedax Yautja,"---EDIT----Games still fun, but lack luster in content, Devs are working hard, but in the wrong places. Some bugs are known issues and there since Day 1 (not fixed). resources have moved along with a remodel of map (neat, but makes resource hunting even harder and tedious), Aliens still have god like powers and weapons dont do enough damage... Games starting to go down a ""Dark Souls path"" but less rewarding and more hacking... Bases can be destroyed way too easy and gear can be stolen the moment you log out, so hours/days of work undone in minutes...Turrets and base defenses are useless as it still takes more then 15-20 hits to kill the smallest of Aliens, and they barely track other Players at all.... Has great potential, but for now its needs more work with every patch. That being said, Devs still pump out updates and ad content, just doesnt seem like priorities are where they should be.-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------You want an honest opinion on the game?? Here ya goGames maby 10-15% done. Core mechs are in place and actually functioning quite good. You have minor sound bugs and frame rate drops depending on areas and player population but nothing too crazy.... Weather system and effects are insanely well done, sand storms feel complete anlong with the rain cycle I've been through. Night time is exactly what you'd expect, pitch black even on the highest brightness you can dish out.You need your flashlight to navigate safely.... Fell into a crater at one point during a dust storm, screen shook sound triggered I instinctively ran upwards and out as fast as I could and as best as I could see, turned around and saw a shadow through the sand arching and diving back deep into the ground, I was in awe how well and realistic it looked. Hung out for a minute figured what ever it was, was gone... went back into crater now that I could see started mining and then screen shake, ground shook, sound effects started tried to run, realized I was too far in so I just turned around.... GIGANTIC PLANET EATING WORM CAME OUT OF THE GROUND, OPENED ITS MOUTH AND.... ate me....Round two:Met 2 other players in game chat, very cautious at first after playing countless hours of H1Z1, met them close to my start up base started colony and hung out. Went mining, scavenged materials to build, had fun learned some new tips. Decided to pack up and move our now small settlement some 2km away from where we were in order to get closer to ""rarer"" resources... 500km into moving sandstorm get lost wind up back tracking and running away from gigantic spider crabs aND silverfish looking enemies. Keep moving after storm clears walk into sleeping rock monsters, no issue there... keep traveling, see gigantic worm carcass, bad feeling. Try to convince new guys let's head back to safer zone, no budging them... keep going, sand storm and nightfall upon us, get separated massive amount of enemies come out from undrground, flank me chase me into another cavern and crater (cavern winds up being carcass or some animal) ground shakes, sound triggers I know this feeling.... Yep GIGANTIC PLANET EATING WORM AGAIN, I TURN AROUND TURN MY LIGHT ON WATCH IT'S MOUTH OPEN UP AND EAT ME AND THE 20 SOME BUGS CHASING ME... Insta Death.... Materials, robot, buildings and resources all lost on planet....10/10 going back tonight for round 2Jump in join me, let's fxxk this planet up"
76561198132298668,Recommended,402710,32608869,Posted: 20 June,all,TheLaughingPineapple,"A very intriguing game that has a ton of potental. There are vast areas to explore and beautiful scenery to behold. Survive on a planet where you have to mine and farm resources to build up your settlement, and defend against aliens that make it clear humans are not at the top of the food chain. There is some great music and fluid game mechanics that make the gameplay very enjoyable."
76561198104311931,Recommended,402710,29286348,Posted: 15 January,all,xxvscxx,the real no man sky
,Recommended,402710,29289195,Posted: 15 January,all,Box,"This game requires improvements, and updates. But its very, very fun.This game does require mathematical skills, and thats what makes it amazing. It makes you feel like a real interstellar space explorer. Its a bit like No Mans Sky, just more challenging, and more fun.Pros:Amazing graphicsRunning/walking/flying is really realisticRather nice menu music (makes you feel heroic)Its futuristic theme is amazingEnvironment is beautifulF****** AWESOME GARGANTUAN GROUND WORMS JUMP OUTTA THE GROUNDOverall really coolConsThe maps is essentially a 5 mile (radius) or less island surrounded by an empty desertYou clip through things if you arent a bit careful with cave/large boulders/etcThe Mech is a bit slowThings take up alot of spacePlastic, rubber etc is rather hard to obtain (unless you have hydrogen/chlorine geysers in your backyard)The temperature instability affects you too much (i mean, for a power suit? come on !)Overall, i do very so suggest the game if you like space.~~~Update~~~Since the new update, the game has expressed much, much more challenge, and many more new features. The main melee/mining weapons are no longer unbreakable(unfortunately). They dont last very long at all... However, you can still craft more of them later on. The bashing rock will soon become a good friend. UNFORTUNATELY, the totally cool menu theme was replaced with something relatively laaaammee menu theme! That really bumbed me out, but alas, i still enjoy the game. The recent update does need to be finished up. Otherwise, i recommend the game"
76561198024378160,Not Recommended,402710,32564928,Posted: 19 June,all,Gooman989898,"I have played this game for a good few hours and it's honestly more work than its worth.its so hard to find the materials you need to move on in the game. Im just stuck wandering the desert dehydrated and hungry.I come home from work and want to be entertained, not stressed by more crap.1 star"
76561198017842941,Recommended,402710,31010128,Posted: 7 April,all,Senpainick,"Love this game from the start I sandbox all the time it's hard finding the right game, I hope they continue with development and keep it easy to farm its perfect please don't be like other games and it turn out to be a grinding session.thanks for this awesome gammme <3"
,Recommended,402710,25849962,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Pumpkin King,base is deleted every time i log back on?
,Recommended,402710,29711014,Posted: 4 February,all,Soteria,Really exceeded my expectations. Really polished for early access.
76561198047164157,Recommended,402710,28812210,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,sD.B-Dubs,"Fun game, Met a guy named Dalton who invited me into his base. Community seems nice so far but the game isnt quite complete yet. Once it gets out of alpha i may play it again. Shout outs to cool guy Dalton! ;)"
,Recommended,402710,28621266,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Natedogg,"I really, really hope that this game is updated lovingly in the future. As of now, Osiris is very much an early access game. It is somewhat barebones, and I was somewhat disappointed that I felt I had hit a wall around 8 hours where I did not have anything new to work towards. I love the concept and love what I've played so far, and I look forward to the future updates and content."
76561198120538170,Recommended,402710,29187123,Posted: 11 January,all,Pimp Named SlickBack,"A very barebones game, if you can even call it a game. HOWEVER, what's here right now is pretty astonishing, graphics-wise it's decent, but those don't matter. Animations, ABSOLUTELY FANTASTIC along with rag doll physics. The survival aspect is lackluster though: go out, mine, get attacked by single creature, return home, fight meteor strike, build, repeat. It's basically a grind quite honestly. Combat is fun but quite broken, as whacking or shooting a creature basically sends them flying backwards, not a challenge but it's interesting. overall, it's something but not enough yet. Buy it only if you have some money to waste"
76561198015110704,Recommended,402710,25771451,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Lone Shepherd,So far this game is pretty buggy at time don't get me wrong this game is pretty cool it's almost like Ark evolved but space edition. there's alot of stuff you can do but like i said the only thing that is making this game not fun is the bugs and laggs. i wouln't recommend getting this game at this stage YET wait it out for a bit.EDIT: with the latest Updates my framrate and multiplayer has beeen more stable now i definetly changed my review of the game it's really good.
76561198018810902,Recommended,402710,25874834,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,JSPittQc,The game is awesome even in early access.. But after couple hours of play with my buddy .. we reconnected today and .. everything we had done just vanished ... no more base .. all that work for nothing it sucks ..
,Recommended,402710,26177979,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,Pengvin,"Eight hours in and I keep going back for more. I already feel I have a product worth the money I spent, so everything else is a bonus.The community is lively, the devs are on-the-ball and you get what they say you're going to get. There's multiplayer too. I hope Hello Games are watching and learning"
,Recommended,402710,26183831,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,rO0NZ cs.money,pretty neat game but cant find any ♥♥♥♥ing resources
76561198280723220,Recommended,402710,26169257,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,guestperson950,"I love this game so far, despite the fact my computer can't handle the expansive world, so it has framerate issues. I've been playing this game for about an hour, and it's started being weird. I tried lowering the graphics so perhaps the game would run smoother, but after I returned to my world, I'd look in a random direction and the entire ground would be gone. I renamed my OMPA and customized it, yet when I saved and came back, I had to do it again because it hadn't saved correctly? I'm not sure. But overall, I think this game is incredibly amazing so far! The graphics look great, I love the different things you can create, and I'm in love with my droid!"
76561197976404046,Recommended,402710,26169314,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,palefeet,10/10 would get eaten by giant sandworm again
76561198076430022,Recommended,402710,26177788,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,King Pringle,Great game want to see more.
76561197982854508,Recommended,402710,26297317,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,SURE FOR MEN,"HAVING TROUBLE LOADING, BUT WHEN LOADED I HAVE THINGS MISSING FROM BASE STRUCTURE MAINLY"
76561198083868687,Recommended,402710,26136493,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,Max Headroom,"This is a very good game so far and has so much potential too, only had a few bugs such as everything on mine and a friends multiplayer server disappeared when we re-logged, a few sound glitches and falling/walking through objects such as walls. But like I said this has so much potential so don't judge it just yet, stick with it for a while, it'll be well worth it!"
76561197983846339,Recommended,402710,26171301,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Tanzer,"Looks slick but after 6 or so hours of play in single-player you'll have exhausted the options the tech tree has to offer, built everything and be left wondering ""What now?"".Littered with bugs too.  Be careful where you go on foot, let alone in one of the craft you can build, lest ye become irretreivably stuck.The world itself is woefully small - a couple of kilometers on each side.  Beyond it lie an apparently inifinite waste of procedurally generated desert.  Well, it may not be inifinite, I gave up after travelling 2500 or so km into it.The spaceship is fatally bugged - if you attempt to leave the planet you are likely to be stuck in orbit, unable to return.I like the premise - a lot - and will be keeping a close eye on the development of the game but as it is now, it is but the idea of a game."
76561198047718933,Recommended,402710,26173764,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,T h e o π e m,"A well optimized, planet explorer fit to burn some space time continuum. It is moving in the right vector. 7.9/10.0"
76561198042159213,Recommended,402710,26327607,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Lust Daemon,"This game is really quite amazing. The Devs are constantly working to improve upon there creation, and make our experience better. I would definately recomend this to anyone."
76561198326023938,Not Recommended,402710,26017497,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,gullyDJ(FFiZ),Graphically the game is beautiful - and over the last 8 months or so has really been improved in this dept - i sadly cant say the same for the rest of the game - loved it at the start but my spaceman is slowly devolving into a cave man as he works his way from guns to stone tools.the game itself im not really sure what it is trying to be now - at the start it was nice to explore the areas etc - but over time the development has seen the inroduction of lots of (imo) pointless things like stone tool crafting and adding a level of pointless grind to pretty much everything with out actually increasing the game experience.i definitely got my moneys worth out of the game whilst i enjoyed it but i havent enjoyed the game since they introduced rng in terms of mineral/ore mining.logged on today and it was nice to see that the development is moving forward with new char classes and male female form and customisation options have massivekly increased too. this game is moving forward but sadly for me not in a direction i like. I have FarCry Primal if i want to craft stone age tools and bash rocks - even in the bazillion episodes of star trek - they are never reduced to the sorry state your explorer is in this. you seem to have crash landed in an escape pod that is probably there for emergencies like crashlanding on an alien planet - but it has absolutely no basic survival gear on it. At least before you started with a chisel now you have to go find a rock to bash other rocks first. Hover jet fuel recharges it self but you your guns battery runs out after 5 shots. Bashing rocks with other rocks to slowly work your way up from having a bashing rock to a stone axe to metal axe blah blah and all that is cool but then how the hell do you explain the plutonium powered stone oven? stupid this is what i mean when i say pointless grind -
76561197990610590,Recommended,402710,26181106,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,Partyratte,"I Played the game around 12Hours at the time of this review.I have build all buildings,1 car and 1 spaceship,i have been in a cave and in space,i went out of my spaceship while in space and was flying around the spacestation you can find up there.playing this game feels like the movies: the martian and at night like Pitch Blacki can only recommend this game to everybody.Positive:-Good Looking Game-the atmosphere of the game is spot on.-aktive developers-while i played only single player i couldn`t find any major bugs or gamebreaking things,great for a EA game!-the sandstorms feel like Sandstroms should feel!-the night is dark like a night on an alien planet should be!-same goes for the caves,as soon as you enter the cave and go around the first corner,better turn on ur light o you won`t see anything,i love it.-Building stuff is Fun! you can link all your building together with tunnels and it just feels great to walk inside while there is a storm outside-start with nothing and end up building a tanks and spaceship and leave the planet!Negatvenot mutch bad to say about the game,it`s still EA and time will tell.This game has huge potential and the devs are aktive and responsive on the forums."
76561198059613138,Recommended,402710,25871003,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Dank Stain,"Hi all!graphics 7/10gameplay 8/10content 4/10 (but early access with tons of potential)would recommend buying if your ok with early access.... there is a fair amount you can do in the game but if your not happy playing early access and waiting for the devs to update the content then i would wait a while before you buy.Played almost 8 hours so far and managed to complete everything.the multi player wasn't too great being honest, only because i got bad lag and disconnected contantly... i dont suffur in any other game so i'm ruling out my internet or pc...the game has a strong foundation of a really good game and i dont like to compare with other games but it feels alot like ark... but in space... and better lol.really looking forward to the future of this game and will continue to lookout for more content being added.i would advise looking on youtube for some gameplay if your not too sure if you should buy.... the game is playable, it just lacks content at the moment."
76561198072847151,Recommended,402710,26155566,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,Syndan,"Fun, but really big issue on singleplayer. Whenever you exit the game, your spawn point is changed so if you didn't build a beacon or are advanced enough your screwed. And even if you did its probably at least a 5-10 minute walk to get to your base....makes playing at different sittings nearly impossible."
76561198079212829,Recommended,402710,25871055,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Pablo Escobar,i have only 1 word to describe this game: AMAZING!!!!!!!
76561198143987502,Recommended,402710,25871207,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Enoch17,"This is an awesome space game, I hope they fix all issues and add MOD features. Overall my favorite thing on Steam so far!"
,Recommended,402710,26312245,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,XxXxXGetNaeNae'dXxXxX,"amazing game, but if you have arachniphobia, dont go out at night and to NOT meet the infant gnat, im still scarred and it's been about two hours ago from this post's time, but the arachnoid isnt so arachnid-y it just looks like a half human with scorpion legs, spits acid though, oh yeah, also giant sky scraper death worms, pretty great, buy game."
,Recommended,402710,26168704,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Shamr0x,"I have a problem sticking with a game for long periods of time. In-fact, I typically buy a new game every week after spending hours combing reviews in the steam store. Ark is the only other ""survival"" game I have played and although it's fun there isn't much of an end-game and the grind can get a bit rough.I like this game so far because it has a tutorial to get you started *SPOILER* Repair your helmet quickly. And you start out with weapons and gathering materials. Most survival games put you naked with nothing to get you started, this was a nice change. I will update my review after I have more than an hour playtime in but I have wasted a lot of money on early access games and this is the first time I feel like I might actually really enjoy the current state of one."
,Recommended,402710,26328126,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,o|-} Elastikspastik,"This game could be one of the best survival games yet. On a moon you have to survive. From storms to crazy creatures of all sizes. An awesome feature is the boots you wear. They have thrusters that let you fly for short periods, that come in very handy. The nights are dark, the storms are heavy and the creatures just want to have you for dinner. I highly recommend this game to any survival fan. Check out my video below. 10/10 - Would get chewed up by alien creatures again.https://youtu.be/0zmRzOdZGGw"
76561198025723903,Not Recommended,402710,26367616,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,jimmy72735,"*DEVS PLEASE READ*What happend? It was so amazing, i loved this game, it was beautiful in every way, the music and sounds, the visuals and animations, the features and mechanics, everything, and now this update ruind it all for me, I was so exited to get back into this game with my friend, but once we started playing, it took a turn for the worst, we coulden't last 10 minutes.The new things i like (Pros):         *Disclaimer* i've only played about 10 minutes in if you read the first part ^^^- Glad they added the other 3 classes- Nice that you can salvage your drop pod in the start- Cool new melee fighting animation- Cool lighting storm thing in the distance, never saw that before- Thats about itThe new things I Don't like (Cons):- *FIRST AND MOST IMPORTANT* animations! you guys changed some of the best animations you had and replaced them for some 5 minute creation, The old chissle animation was amazing, so immersive, when ever there was a sand storm i used to walk straight in and hold my chissle because it looked like i was struggling but now i walk like somebody walking down the sidewalk, WERE ON A GOD DAMN ALIEN PLANET. I get it, the mining speeds were different in 3rd and 1st, but i would just mine in 1st to get resources fast or in 3rd if i wanted to feel immersed, not to mention, you now swins at the rock you're mining like you're grabinbg milk from the refigerator, unlike before when it was SMASHINg A SOLID ROCK INTO BITS! and i don't even want to find out how bad the other animations got ruined...- Starting supplies, i know you shoulden't start with an assultrifle or anything like that, but A ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ PIPE AS A WEAPON, REALLY!? A pistol would take it's place perfectly, but no a pipe, me and my friend got over wealmed on the first night when 5 monsters came to kill, luckily we had the nessecary equipment to defend ourselves, 2 pipes, we got♥♥♥♥♥♥♥..- Enemies, we had the server set to dangerous spawing, aka ""Normal"", so shouldent be much of a problem, but once the sun set, and we relized we had no shelter because you're nolonger supposed to spawn with an inflatable dome (Why though?!) , we were scanning the horizon looking for any aliens, and the i saw, about 5 - 10ft right in front of us, 5 - 7 aliens, from all shapes and sizes spawn, and burst out of the ground, like wtf, 5 - 7 SPAWING RIGHT IN FRONT OF US!?Thats a rookie problem, but yes i get it, it's in early acsess, but thats no reason you guys should be going backwards in development.-Sound, one of my favorite thing about this game, or at least it was, but i've noticed that you now have vocies, congrats, thats seems pretty cool but it's so bad at the same time, i can tell it'll just get annoying, the sound track is perfect, please never change it, to bad it's ruid by stupid vocies over and over.I've just noticed these things in the first 10 mins btw, so i don't know how much more is ruinedPlease oh please, fix and change back the game a bit, it was sooooo goood, Im begging you <3hopefully when i come back to this once wonderful game in a month or two, it will be that way once more, and i will be here to stay ♥Just played a little more and found some new problems- The new fall damage mechanic makes it really hard to get around rough areas, not that i will fall to far and die but that i stutter every few steps as i walk over a bumb and it thinks im falling so when my feet touch the ground again, I go through this big and long landing animation."
76561198010254351,Recommended,402710,30600121,Posted: 18 March,all,JWoody907,"Let me start by saying much of the playtime I've had so far is outstanding. I haven't sampled multi-player much, deciding instead to get my feet wet in single-player before diving into a far more cutthroat world. The game is fast enough to remain engaging, but slow enough that you get some time out of it (unlike an A-B-C game). I've built myself a small first base, and have gotten as far as exploring the local asteroid belt and a quick jaunt to a nearby moon.The good:The game is pretty straight forward, engaging, and just straight up fun. It strikes a good balance as a survival game, neither being too easy or too difficult. Resources are fairly well balanced, so you can get up and running quickly to survive, but you wont thrive as easily.The bad:A few criticisms. Firstly, and most glaringly, after you reach the point where I am now at, there is not an apparent PURPOSE to the game. I've secured my position, have a functional base, and can get off the planet. Unfortunately, going anywhere seems to simply be an exercise in restarting the same process, except I can bring materials with me. The lack of a storyline or motivating factor past this is really a killer.Second, as one can expect with games in test phase, there are glitches. The most serious, and apparently one thats been discussed at length is the fact that insect enemies ignore your base walls and can attack you inside. This really violates the very spirit of the word ""Shelter"". Second, I had a suit breach from an interior attack, and still lost pressure, nevermind being inside an oxygen safe zone, which seems a little silly. Thirdly, attacks on the base noticeably increased after the construction of a Laboratory. Not sure if there's a reason for it, but I definitely am getting hit more often, and it's pushing me towards abandoning the base for a new location that might be safer.Finally, theres a fundamental lack of information I found on starting. Simple things like what the portable scanner is useful for aren't really explained, and then there's the complex ""Dear god what the hell is that 50 story tall worm thats heading right for me but I cant shoot?!"" is it an enemy or is it simply a decorative animation?I do recommend the game, but I hope to see improvements on the single-player experience. I'll plan to add/update this review after getting more multi-player under my belt."
76561198164604036,Recommended,402710,28712234,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,红糖,we need Chinese
76561198081597736,Recommended,402710,28875833,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,GOKARIO,this game is confusing at the start and needs a really good computer to run well but i see great potential for this game and i may not have played to much but i can see that once you get into it it would be an amazing game especially with all the different things you can do
,Recommended,402710,34209066,Posted: 13 August,all,keenercp,"Decided to purchase in good faith. The developers do seem to be involved.a few things would like to see fixed would be larger signature radius of creatures, theyre unfairly hard to deal damage to, reorganization of skil trees, the dont seem to flow in away that makes sense or work together. overall a game that flows better. maybe a way to repair items. Stone axe is destroyed from 1 creature battle. the only thing that is somewhat reliable is your nifty body finder, if your body didnt bug out. i can build a pluton reactor forge before i can build a simple shack to use at night. the mechanics are just all over the place. this game has potenial to freakin awesome and it looks beautiful, but we should atleast try to get it to make sense first. also, feels good with board and mouse, controller, your like stephen hawking trying to cross a football field on the snap. cant wait devs!"
,Recommended,402710,27780248,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Crypto |WT|,I've been playing this game for about half an hour and already I've called up my friends ( I have like two I'm not that cool ) and told them to buy this game so we can all have a great time.  I'm so excited for controller support and the future of this game.
76561197974411584,Recommended,402710,27826271,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Predator,"A great immersive game that make you feel like your stuck in a trully alien place. Think ""The Martian"" but with a lot of creatures sharing this place with you. Oh! and giant Dune-like worms so...epic."
76561197991066947,Recommended,402710,29335673,Posted: 18 January,all,CyberONE,Osiris New Dawn is on it's way to being one of the great games we've been waiting for. It's still in development so there are still some bugs that need to be addressed. I've put hundreds of hours playing this game and  I find myself not being able to put it down. I'll point out some of the problems like the Droid helper is very slow to keep up and it gets stuck all the time. Also they could speed up the Mech and make the space ship control easier. But all in all the game is a blast and the music gives you the feel of real life exploring on a new world.
,Not Recommended,402710,32787544,Posted: 25 June,all,- DownloaD,"Bought the gameSpent 1 hour trying to find 1 kit to start building my baseDied onceRestart.Found 1 monster every 10 minutes in a server with ""dangerous"" config.Spent another 60 minutes trying to find the god damn kitAlt+F4. Wouldnt recommend it to anyone."
,Recommended,402710,29016945,Posted: 4 January,all,Automated,"Amazing looking game.  I've only logged a couple of hours in game, but so far I'm having a blast.  I set my single player game pretty easy just to get the hang of everything.Crafting is great.Exploration is great.Environmental effects are crazy good.Models looks great!Overall, I'm really enjoying the early game so far.  I'm sure I'll be exploring this game for quite some time."
76561198086093824,Not Recommended,402710,29665174,Posted: 3 February,all,Got to be Real,"A game that had a lot of potential but bad management and inexperienced developers have made a mess of it, and I am very sad to see it become such a mess.Lack of any clear direction, and the usual nonsense of adding new content to the game before the numerous exisitng problems were fixed.Cosnsigned to the trashheap of XXXXX number of other early access games. What a pity, this one really did have some potential to be something different."
76561198076835214,Recommended,402710,34427525,Posted: 22 August,all,Ashy Swami,"Almost pooped myself quiet a few time playing this.Listening to Marvin Gaye while playing didn't help.Tried some dumb ariana grande ""music"" in the background, didn't help either.So now I play creative when I'm alone. Like a bit***I grow a nut when I'm with friends tho, but F* me if I'm going alone inside dungeons.Even The Forest did not do that to me.Would have told you to wait before buying it but the new patch is awesome.Still need some polishing here and there, but hey now it's clearly heading in the right direction.Recommended, this game will make you a Beta."
,Recommended,402710,34467662,Posted: 24 August,all,Emiilo117,"Too often people want the fast easy rewards for doing absolutely nothing.The game when it was in alpha was an actual survival game with some level of difficulty, and had some feeling of reward when succeeding to do certain things.Me and my friend sat in a hut countless nights before we had the recources to finally venture off into the continent and find an appropriate build spot for our first pressurised habitat. It was ♥♥♥♥ing amazing.The community turned into crybabies as soon as the developer made it the very least difficult, removing all the overpowered guns UPON SPAWNING IN, and now the developer listened to that same community, sadly.Now in open beta the game gives you no reason to build bases (no monsters spawn, and when they do occasionally find you, they are not dangerous even on Extreme Difficulty), the game is just a mineralfarmer and basebuilder. Minecraft is an appropriate game if this is what you seek.Crashing on a hostile planet is supposed to be - hold on to your hats - HOSTILE. Starting out with a rock and after days of hard work having a pressurised habitat was the greatest feeling I've had in any game, cause it was time invested in a rewarding feeling.Of course there are bugs and glitches, NOBODY wants them and the developer is working on them, but having the game develop into this braindead sort of sandbox/creative mode Habitat builder, that's what worries me.The good part about playing early access is that the Developer usually has the right idea from the start. Then all these people wanting no difficulty or challenge whatsoever come and complain. The Developer does what they ask.I give you - The Gaming Industry.Come on. If you have everything from the start (or otherwise within a few hours) - What's the point of playing the damn thing anyway?Update: The game has been patched and some level of difficulty has been brought back to the game (atleast on Extreme Difficulty). I like that there atleast is a choice now."
76561198219016553,Recommended,402710,28415272,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Jazz Tuna,This Game is amazing! just make sure your computer can handle the game because it is going to break your computer if its not strong enough
,Recommended,402710,29086209,Posted: 7 January,all,Best Sith in EU,"I think that it will be the best survival game. Yes, this game has a lot of bug and incomplete, but the ""Fenix Fire Entertainment"" is working really well. I hope that they will complete this game greatly. ^_^"
,Recommended,402710,33067176,Posted: 30 June,all,Locksheon,"I am updating my review from negative to positive.  Here's why:At first I hated this game, but my son wanted me to play with him, and after a few days, I have actually found the hard work involved to be very rewarding.  There are annoyances, such as the deaths from dehydration, the limited battery life of your flashlight.  The rarity of Lithium, and the absurd quantities of ore needed to build the smallest things.  But the game is still developing, and after learning the landscape and its resources I can now easily see that I was approaching the game all wrong.  But most of all... the vehicles are amazing!  Totally worth the wait!I've taken the time to learn the game, and even started helping update the Wiki site.First, if you want to buy this game, WAIT.   Don't pay full price for it yet.  Wait until the full release.Secondly, play the game with a friend.  Don't try and grind the required resources alone.  With two or more players, the game will be much more fun.The first few literal days of this game are brutally difficult if you don't know what you're doing.Read the Osiris New Dawn Wiki before you just dive in.  There are subtle details you'll miss because the game isn't finished, and doesn't tell you exactly what to do to survive.  There's no tutorial yet.HOWEVER, despite my initial irritation with this game I can now say that I have had a LOT of fun with it.Once you get established, build a base, and a hovercraft, you'll start to feel rewarded for all your hard work and suffering.  The game does a terrible job at easing you into itself, but if you stick with it the payoff feels fun.>Aliens that once harassed you and felt menacing now suddenly feel like ants as you squash them with your Ground Assault Vehicle.>Resources that were once a day and half away are now only seconds away as you speed your hover craft across the terrain.>Space Ships are now just within your grasp, and soon you'll be flying among the stars!The game is slow paced, but with patience and dealing with the obnoxious learning curve has left me with a great gaming experience in the end.Alas, this game is in Alpha/Early Access, and so I have encountered a couple of bugs/glitches.One bug even left me stranded on a new planet without access to my space ship.  So I've literally found myself starting from scratch and slowly dying as I try to rebuild another space ship on a new world.Nonetheless, we're having fun with it."
,Not Recommended,402710,32409484,Posted: 14 June,all,Millan,"This game is disappointing in it's current state.  I still hold out hope that the developers will deliver a better game, but if you are looking for something that can hold your attention for very long, this just isn't it.  There are plenty of other survival games in early access that are much further along in development that I would encourage you to consider first."
,Recommended,402710,32516182,Posted: 17 June,all,Cpt. Bryan,"Edit: Everything below still applies, but they seem to periodically wipe out ALL player progress. I spent multiple hours on building up my chaaracter and base, only to login and it is all gone.Edit Edit: New update broke the game. Can't even create a new character after my first one was wiped. Game crashed on character creation screen everytime.Very fun survival game. It is in EA still, so there is quite a feww bugs, but nothing too bad.Pros:Great Co-op ExperienceHuge planet to exploreDiverse ecosystem as well as many diferent mineralsCons:Needs a better UI when it comes to tracking your party and other iareas of interestEA bugs"
76561198021480716,Not Recommended,402710,33116422,Posted: 1 July,all,Helios,tired of setting up suicide containers since it's nearly impossible to produce enought food and water in the early game... :(
,Not Recommended,402710,33124210,Posted: 2 July,all,SHAKA,"In it's current state, i would have asked for a refund, but unfortunately being a slow game, i already passed the 2 hours mark.It's a mess, and not cause it's an alpha. But everything changes so much with every release, what i've played has nothing to do with guides or videos i found on youtube. And for a game of this type, those are vital, cause there's nobody explaining what the **** is going on.I've played a lot of similar games, so i pressumed i would love the experience. I'm also a big fan of space related games, but to be honest, Astroneer is a much more complete and refined experience if you want something in this vein of gameplay, than this.Main problem is the balance, fight mechanics, and resources.At the date of this review, for me it's unplayable. There's no clear explanation of how you build some things, how you unlock vital elements of crafting, or why you can't craft them. The interface is a total chaos.I'm sure earlier players of the game that tried it when it made sense, they know their way around it, but i dunno what they did with the balancing during the last updated......it's just a mess, i'm wasting letters here.I'm a moron for buying these pre alpha trash games made by people who can't seem to hire a decent gamedesigner."
,Not Recommended,402710,33135774,Posted: 2 July,all,JBKingJR,"I used to love this game! Yes, it was a little easy, but there are not too many sci-fi survival games out there, so this was a awesome game to turn to when I needed a sci-fi fix. I'm having a hard time accepting many of the changes - no one likes change, but I have been able to get over that with other games, so I have tried it with this game... but I just can't do it. I have tried starting 4 different characters, several hours of game play, but I just cannot find/mine even a single piece of plutonium (going through rock after rock after rock after rock after rock...) to build the started crafting table (stone oven), and without it, you're screwed as you can't build even the most basic of melee weapons for defense. I agree with many other posters that the old kit of survival gear should still exist - granted, with limited ammo and supplies, you would still want to be stingy using the pistol and AR only for the larger enemies, but at least I would not die of thirst so often.I would love to encourage people to play this game - I have tried to get my brothers to buy it, but now I will tell them to hold off until I say otherwise because this game just isn't worth it, now in my opinion. I will check back after the next major update to see if the devs removed some of the grind from the beginning of the game. I don't mind some grind, as long as there is not too much of it, especially at first. I have limited time to play games - I should not have to spend that many hours just trying to craft the very first tier crafting table."
76561197992742301,Not Recommended,402710,33145332,Posted: 2 July,all,Nightcaste,"It's basically Ark, but without the refinements of Ark.  Monsters that are damned near invisible, move extremely fast, literally pop out of nowhere, hit 100 times harder than you can, and your weapon breaks after you fight 2 of them... The complete lack of balance is asinine."
,Not Recommended,402710,33154720,Posted: 2 July,all,zim faisst,hello all my initial excitement very quickly died all i experienced was major lag . A skipping experience in frusration will not be playing again fps is excorable . I have had a lot less issues with Subnaughtica and astroneer .
,Not Recommended,402710,33215949,Posted: 3 July,all,wirelessfetus,"I really wanted to like this game.  But so far it's been all frustration.  Apparently there have been some new updates that have seem to turn the game into hardcore mode in comparison to some of the videos I watched prior to purchasing.Spent over an hour trying to collect resources for the bare minum stove oven and in doing so depleted all the medication I started out with, the measly 15 shots they give you in your pistol.  Youre attacked constantly by creatures, even in casual settings, and you have little recourse to defend yourself.  You get 15 shots with a pistol and it takes about 4 shots or so to take down one of the small creatures.  (God forbid you run into the larger creatures). After that it's all melee, which you have to do with your chisel you use for collecting resources.  It does a pitiful amount of damage, and it also wears the chisel out.  After running around and finding the stones, I learned that plutonium is a rare drop and realized I may run out of food/resources/heatlh before i ever find it.  And this is all to build the very first craft you make.I find the game to be obnoxiously unforgiving in the beginning.  And what grates me more about this is apparently you used to start off with a pistol that had unlimited ammo, a limited ammo assault rifle, and an inflatable house to save your progress in.The game is absolutely gorgeous.  The combat so far is so so, but would be enjoyable enouigh if i felt like I oculd get progress in the game.  But have spent 2.7 hours having to restart multiple worlds because of this nonsense, I'm just kind of annoyed.I should note that despite always starting with the same settings, on a few instances upon restart, I did not spawn with a pistol at all, but had a tactical knife.  On another instance I had my pistol, but had a tactical knife replace my mining chisel.  Very frustrating.Can't recommend it in this current state.  Not fun at all."
76561198039509877,Not Recommended,402710,33277394,Posted: 5 July,all,Raymont du Piedmont,"Despite having an immersive HUD and pretty environment, I can't recommend this game : not in the current state.Being hard can be fun, yeah but it must be a challenge, not a punition.Mining can attact nearby monster, yeah no problem, that mean I wasn't careless.Mining make monster spawning from nowhere...no, this is not challenging, just tedious.The progression system is swaying between hardly coherent and making you ridiculous (rock being a commun recipe but hard to find in number greater than...1).Going with a friend in a journey to find water, 3 hours and the other side of the map : find hydrogen but no oxygen...have I missed something...?Monster are buggued as hell : they have no sound, extremely erratic mouvement and the slow strafing can make them miss you pretty easily because...well, they are buggued ?Unfortunately, I believe that the game has great potential but in it s current form...go see something else, unless you really want a dedicated space survival game (althrough Empyrion could do the trick on a easier setting), the game is not currently enjoyable and the ball is with the dev to change that."
,Not Recommended,402710,33328584,Posted: 6 July,all,OneWithHawk,"Very fun game idea, but with the lack of players and lack of support from the developers i just can't recommend this game for $25. The idea was sort of like Subnautica but instead of in the sea on land. The graphics are stunning but after a while there just isnt much to do in the game. Much like No Man's Sky or Rust, this game is fun for a little bit but tedious and boring after a couple hours of play."
,Not Recommended,402710,33364061,Posted: 7 July,all,wrath,"After the latest update, I cannot recommend this game...Prior to the update, it was a pretty good game.  After the update, all I can say is, stay away.  You can no longer even get a weapon to fight the creatures until way late in the game.  And then there's the grinfing...oh my is there grinding..."
76561198017432667,Not Recommended,402710,33377311,Posted: 8 July,all,snowhawk,"the games looks ok and runs ok as well, it's even pretty playable for the most parts but there are some balance issues still, som material that should be semi rare you'll find plenty of and some like the very basic ore iron you might have difficulty finding, also for my the biggest error atm is your ability to craft water or lack of, the machine that makes water is quite a ways up one of the skill trees and fully dependent on being inside a base structure which means you have to spend a lot of points in at least 2 of the 3 skill trees.despite you are aboul to play the game with the current bugs i have run into, you might get very tired of the grind and dying from things like thirst a lot, the balance problems and the error in the balance in ore distribution, the game currently is very frustrating to play.the game will if it continues on the current path end up being a very decent game but at current, i would try one of the other games out there with a little more development on it, or if you just have to have it i would wait for a sale"
76561198066422617,Recommended,402710,25783219,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Psycho,The game keeps getting better and better good devs for once.
76561198018849271,Recommended,402710,34908737,Posted: 12 September,all,Dave,"In the beginning, the learning process for this game is slow but then overtime if you keep at it learn its functions travel to and from places of interest you will begin understand what is required for smooth game play... resources spawn quickly before and after saving exiting and returning even for Multiplayer functions...glitches are minor, dont speed over hills you may fall though the cracks, dont go into outerspace until you have a spare ship dont journey farther than 50% of oxygen distance, dont try to park on space rocks you will just get stuck. if you have the parts make double sure you have more than enough to waste. dont stand still admiring the sight of a worm about to eat you... always make sure you have the supplies to fend off attacks inside mines... and make sure to add a shield to the top of your Habitat... the taller the building the further the shield extends."
76561198125028227,Recommended,402710,26738843,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Ẃáf́f́ĺéḾóńḱéý,Very good game!Pros:GraphicsMultiplayerWorldCons:Mobs cliping through structures and terrainRelogging results in reset of structuresStructure temp fix:http://steamcommunity.com/app/402710/discussions/3/208684375422777810/This is early access so I don't expect it to be flawless excluding the structure bug 8.5/10
76561198277026075,Recommended,402710,26744706,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Piff Paff Poof,This game has amazing graphics first off. Developers really did a great job here!! Also the whole theme and atmosphere of the game being sci-fi and space is really appealing to me. The aliens and creatures really look awesome.. especially at night. The vehicles all drive and handle brilliantly and are plenty of fun.Honestly - there is not much to do in game yet beyond the starter stuff but I enjoyed creating my first buildings and vehicles. Game has plenty of potential and really looking forward to playing it in 12 months or so when it has come more content.
76561198119050169,Recommended,402710,28545296,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,SilentVendetta,The game overall is really fun and great to play when you have friends online. It does have bugs but that is to be expected do to its early stage. These are some tips to help make the alpha stage better.Please improve the speed of the robots!!!!There is a bug with the mobs-laggingBetter instructions at the beinning!How to share things with the ColonyEasier Crafting system for people who just start off!Thanks!
,Recommended,402710,28610818,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,TristanDthx,"This game is 100% worth it! i mean the early version is probably not worth 25$, but, by giving that money in the beginning, you give the devs more possibility to make a better game, and make it worth more than 25$, also if you buy it now, you might have a chance to have bought a game for 25$ where in the future it might cost more! The gameplay is phenominal! And it is a survival game which i love alot! sorry for me massacring the exclamation mark button, but it was worth abusing!"
76561198053716725,Recommended,402710,28615967,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Xenon,"It's an early access game like the discription says. And the devs have a lot of work to do to make this game reach its highest potential.But So far I am really enjoying the game!I like the space suite and the buildings. It reminds me of the Martian movie.And I love how challanging the survival part of the game is!The alien creatures keep me on the edge of my char and even makes me jump sometimes.  :)If you don't mind the game being early access and if you don't mind giving the devs time to create this game,than I recommend this game!"
76561198054349982,Recommended,402710,30087203,Posted: 21 February,all,farrod_3000,"They need to add an adveristing gimmick line...THIS IS WHAT THAT OTHER GAME SHOULD HAVE BEEN!!! a space survival with multi-player unlike the other space game everyone was lead to believe was gonna be the BIG THING!!! only minor things such as items going bad so quickly, and creatures being able to attack you while your inside a building(was inside my inflat dome then out of no where got attack by four creatures while i was messin around with my interfaces) i didnt like but would like to see more of the class types but all good things come in due time...Good Job developers keep up the good work"
76561198044594253,Recommended,402710,30299167,Posted: 3 March,all,Astrowidow,"Has great potential, love the game play, crafting etc needs a lot more content to keep your interest once your base is semi built. Looking forward to more updates!"
76561198143604157,Recommended,402710,30952169,Posted: 4 April,all,Shmoovin,"Great and fun game at first but died quickly because of the lack of content.If you have a large amount of money to spend, go right ahead, however if you only have 20, i'd wait."
76561198016384006,Recommended,402710,35072542,Posted: 19 September,all,CheeseAlmighty,"Even though I have higher computer specs than spesified, I get 20-15 FPS with spikes, even without any buildings on lowest settings.But the game looks interesting, I might come back to it once either it's better optimized, or I get a new GPU. Refunded for now."
76561198322451977,Recommended,402710,35076646,Posted: 19 September,all,RedHuntress,"Absolutely amazing. Started playing the game yesterday, stopped playing 11hours later as it was 3am. Great graphics, fun gameplay and qualities.3rd person needs a bit of work, but still great.The vehicles are really fun , the space ship is difficult to control.Can't wait to see this game fill out more.Absolutely a must by.If subnautica, Ark, and space engineer had a baby. It would be this"
,Recommended,402710,26617563,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,NoLimet,Game is good but needs more development to become great. I recommend you wait with buying the game
76561198053025727,Recommended,402710,28603500,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,U.B.L.C. Carnage,Keep the good job...
76561198038586905,Recommended,402710,30100472,Posted: 22 February,all,Valonve,Got rekt by a giant sandworm. 10/10
,Recommended,402710,35460007,Posted: 3 October,all,wedapow,"I'd like to say thank you for the great experience I've had with this game, it's entertaining, has good gameplay, and generally is a well put together game. Whenever I get on Steam I'm always drawn to Osiris, and with all the updates they push out I always have new things to explore and ways of doing so, but... the bugs, and they are plentiful, personally I enjoy all the glitches and strangeness they (in my opinion) give the game character. After all, it is an early access game that's one of the reasons I got it, to see how it develops. I love this game, and can't wait to see how it turns out!"
,Recommended,402710,35455768,Posted: 3 October,all,JabSparrow,"first impressions are very positive, very natural and believable environment.  Good sense of urgency."
,Recommended,402710,35051295,Posted: 18 September,all,APoorAsianChild,"Just wanted to give it a thumbs up really. Game has a load of potential. I have more play time than whats on my steam account, and I can say the game is beautiful and about as good as any other survival game. Haven't gotten into any multiplayer. Bases are cool. Future updates should make this game pretty awesome."
,Recommended,402710,28614985,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Ahoa,"Yeah, good so far, hope to see more improvements!"
,Recommended,402710,29165206,Posted: 10 January,all,NVyusGG | Twitch,"A great survival game with tons of current features. The resource grind is real with the environment trying to get your at every corner (if you play the default infested mode). Most of my time is spent in single player, trying to learn the game. I did get some multiplayer time in and the only complaint I have lies in the multiplayer and that is the amount of players per server and the cap of inflatable domes the server is aloud. If there are X amount per server at a time, but 100's of players come and go, players thereafter are screwed and have to tough it out and level up enough to be able to create habitat and bed to save their progress. That takes quite a bit of time, especially for a bed to save and heal!"
,Recommended,402710,29362901,Posted: 19 January,all,Devilgator123,"Beautiful, smooth, enjoyable experience all around.  Sand stormes are alittle annoying and happen way to often, with no option to reduce their frequency for a private server."
76561198110713259,Recommended,402710,30209826,Posted: 26 February,all,zomboy17,fun game still needs lots of work cant wait for the finished product!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,402710,30109560,Posted: 22 February,all,Gaudette233,"I really like it, its IMMERSIVE and the world really help it!SUGGESTIONI like the HUD! It would be great if the game has an option to make the ellements of the HUD only appear when needed to make it EVEN MORE immersive :D !!Lens effect 10/10 !!!!"
76561198054439756,Recommended,402710,30277938,Posted: 2 March,all,Tactical_Fap,"this is a great game really, very good graphics, very good game play, good performance and a beautiful concept-art of teh environment, but i really prefer other survival games, in my opinion this game has two cons:1) poor building content: this is not a problem, is an early access and what it has is enough to have fun a lot of time2) enemy spawn: enemies dont spawn in all the map, you will not see anything alive in the map, well excluding trees and plants, enemies spawn near you and go to kick your♥♥♥♥♥ is not bad but i prefer to see some wild animals in the environmenti recomend to buy this game and support the developer, but it need a lot of things even, so still being a great game"
76561198052911853,Recommended,402710,26592925,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,DaRedheader,Great concept. Great game. Many bugs but only because it's early access. I can see this game moving forward and becoming something intensely wonderful. This game is really grindy so expect that coming into it. The rewards are very rewarding.
,Recommended,402710,26624724,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Poisonberry,"It is early access, yet I am still loving it.  It is well made and has plenty to keep one exploring.  Those who are trying to play less than an hour to be able to get a refund are not really giving it a chance.  If you think playing the main character (Mark Watney) from The Martian would be fun, this is your game."
76561197961580954,Recommended,402710,27038361,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Fraggle,"If you want to relive Matt Damon from The Martian, or if you want to feel the essence of trying to survive in on a planet a billion miles from civilization then this game is for you!  I can't wait for the upcoming content, the more they add the better this game gets.  I bought it on a whim and I haven't been disappointed."
,Recommended,402710,28318923,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,BB,i loved it i just needed it to be more done before i felt good aBOUT KEEPING IT
,Recommended,402710,28532027,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Immor†alJeremy,"They Are Listening!The DEVs have fixed many of the issues people had with the game. I think the game is really good. I waited for a sale and jumped on it. Kinda reminds me of Subnautica but in space and on land. No major complaints so far except holy crap turn down the enemy spawn rate before you start your world. Even on ""dangerous"" which is one level below default, I still got destroyed from all the random aliens coming at the least opportune time. ""casual"" spawn rate, ""soft"" health, Normal Damage is the best way to play for people who actually want to get things done and not die too much ( no more than once per hour is my preference). There seems to be a pretty good ammount of things to do. It took me two hours to set up a VERY primitive base. I could see this game taking 40+ hours to wear the game out IN ITS CURRENT STATE. They could easily add more or possibly even pull a No Man's Sky and remove features, but I dont see that happening, This game is shaping up to be really cool. Side note, I have not tried multiplayer as I have no friends so I cannot comment on that at this time,Pros:-Base Building-Extremely Diverse and Involved Crafting-Stunning Visuals-Seemingly Endless Planets-Survival Elements-Fairly Gentle Learning Curve-Easy To Understand Tutorial (Minimal Confusion:I am Dumb)-Very Stable Frame Rate-Surprising For Early Access (Rock Solid 60fps with GTX 1070 at stock clock)-CustomizationThe MEh:-No Story (yet)- You can enjoy the game withou a story, but a Story would be so epic, even if it was the basic human   screwed up Earth scenario. I want to learn why Im here and what my mission was as well as the fate of the rest of humanity.-Can Be Grindy (to be expected but I would reccommend turning up the ore drop rate and replenish rate to help move things along)The Bad:-The Game Is Way Too Hard By Default- As mentioned above, the aliens spawn way too frequently and are bullet sponges by default. It should not take 20 bullets or more to kill a human sized alien creature, and they should not spawn under you but rather kinda just exist in the world so that you are able to see them, and avoid them ( Unless you are clumsy!). Too many times I was at my base outside crafting or moving things between chests and BOOM alien pops out of the ground while I am severely over encumbered and cant fight back lest i drop the goods I mined for an hour or spawned right as I get home and Hit me through the walls of my dome, or appear from the ore I was trying to mine (Yes All of this Happened in two hours of playing). I just think the overall aspect of the aliens needs to be entirely reworked. However, if you put the difficulty lower, you can make the game a lot more realistic and enjoyable... but I wouldnt turn the aliens off entirely, as the building and survival mechanics arent super fun without being able to shoot things.Overall: 8/10This game is really good. A few things are keeping it from becoming a legendary title, such as lack of story ( that Im aware of at two hours in) and OP Mobs. I would say buy this on sale or if youre into difficult survival games and space."
,Recommended,402710,28542800,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Cpt Hammerhead,"The main fun is the struggle trying to survive at the beginning, the effort needed to try and track down needed resources while worried about an ambush keeps you on the edge all the time. While getting to higher levels and making more complex colonies and homes (although you cant connect habitats yet) are fun and gives you a sence of accomplishment, being able to create a mech and having increased stamina and health takes away some of that thrill. Would definitly recommend, havent put down for 3 days with a friend."
76561198047552820,Recommended,402710,28589387,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Fides,"I felt I couldn't really review Astroneer and not say something about this this game, both games have a lot of potential, similar types of games, though I feel Astroneer has progressed further and maybe faster than this, that said there is more to develop maybe in this game than that game, both are ultimately similar, though Astroneer I find more fun to play and less stress.The graphics in this game are superb, really impressive, smooth, stream lined, well put together game, and other players have said it all, it's a really good game.I think for myself it is also a pretty stressful game, and that is probably why I prefer Astroneer over this game at the moment. I don't like snakes and I don't like monsters creeping up on me while I am mining :pI think playing it with a buddy would be much better so he can warn me...you remember that scene in transformers where the medic is standing there with his back to this big monster that is about to stab him in the back...For me the 2 main cons in this game are the meteor showers, which are way to frequent and finding rubber trees, the community is split about how abundant these sort of resources are, some will tell you there is an  abundance, you just have to find them, others like me will tell you, I have traversed the whole continent and there are no rubber trees even following the co-ords people have recommended. Clearly though some have found the rubber trees because they have built their big bases and built space ships, maybe their turrets are around the rubber trees, who knows, but cannot advance without them, so basically stuck.Am sure as the development progresses this game will get even better, and I look forward to playing with other players in teams.Plenty of videos on this game, plenty of good  reviews, so am not going into any depth, just giving concise revew and hoping some of my friends will play this with me :)"
76561198316618480,Recommended,402710,28612390,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Scolo,"okay so i REALLY like this game. but as everyone who plays in a developing game there are some serious issues. Like for one, when you play almost any FPS you have ammo. okay so 30/30 you fire 10 rounds you now have 20/30 okay if you RELOAD your gun it should look like 30/20. okay so here is my problem, i accidently hit the reload button tryng to move and i apparently cycled through 8 clips! they are just gone! that is not easy stuff to come by in the beggining. and the alian spawn, wth is up with that? okay i get mining sounds attracting predators. but on my run back to base i somehow attracted 13 of those shoue crab looking things and 3 crab monsters and one giant snake. that needs some serious rebalancing."
76561198041712269,Recommended,402710,29165708,Posted: 10 January,all,MerHer,"This game is indead an early access game, in the times that I have played this, I've been warped around, got my vehicles stuck in odd places, fallen through the world, I've even had my game crash and when I went to launch it again my save character was corrupted forcing me to start a new characer on a ""new"" map only to find out that all the stuff I built was still there. That being said, I am having a blast playing it, I always find myself saying ""just need to do this one more thing"" over and over till I realize it's 1 am. Is this game worth it, in some ways yes it is, but if you still unsure about it since it is early access then wait a bit for more updates to come out first. In my personal opinion though, I love this game, and I can't wait to see what it becomes in the furture."
76561198130725299,Recommended,402710,29347051,Posted: 18 January,all,electrobob,"guys ! the game is in early access so dont expect too much! But the devs are very good ! they are releasing content at a staggering speed ! at first I was doubtful, but now i see that the devs are very serious , something that we dont see often in early access!"
76561198089788216,Recommended,402710,30123631,Posted: 23 February,all,CYBER PUNK,I learnd this game was based on the movie the martian and its sooooo coooooool . Love this game
,Recommended,402710,30179726,Posted: 25 February,all,Zeklerium,"Awesome game, good graphics, sound and gameplay.But lack of content at this moment. january 2017"
76561198102204839,Recommended,402710,34232628,Posted: 14 August,all,T_Modemia,"This is an amazing game so far!  It took me a few tries over a span of several days to figure out the basics, but once I figured it out I was hooked, and found myself burning through hours at a time without realizing it.One of the best things about the game is the care with which the world has been put together - it's not just one big, bland expanse of dirt and rocks with stuff sprinkled in here and there, but a fully-realized environment with memorable regions and landmarks that each have their own flavor.  In fact, I didn't even bother with the 'locator' (a handheld device that points to beacons) 99.9% of the time because I could look around and figure out exactly where I was.  It takes real inspiration and dedication to assemble an open-world game environment with that level of quality!!!Resource processing gets tedious after a while because it is slow and repetitive.  Searching for and mining resources is plenty of fun, however, and is practically its own addictive mini-game.The skill/tech tree is a little confusing because part of the time you don't know if what you're saving points to acquire will even do what you're hoping it will do...but mostly the tech system is glitch-free, so once you figure it out things go pretty smoothly.- There are certainly bugs at this stage, but most of the issues are with balancing.- It can be difficult to figure out what to research in order to reach your next goal, but descriptions are crude and feel like placeholders, meaning they'll probably get more focus once more important issues have been dealt with.- Some structures/objects/features have yet to be implemented; their lack is not game-breaking.Well, regardless - I whole-heartedly recommend Osiris:  New Dawn!"
76561198006729462,Recommended,402710,28537752,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,SpawnofStu,so much fun so far!
,Recommended,402710,28547936,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Vixxaa,"Osiris: New Dawn is like Space Engineers and ARK: Survival Evolved Combined. It took me nearly 10 hours to properly build a base, and nearly a full day to construct vehicles and a spaceship. While the first planet feels a little slow, the second planet that is currently available was an amazing contrast and gave the game an interesting mixture. Among other things, the crafting and exploration were great. The downside for the moment, as the game is still in early access mode, there's plenty of things that haven't been put in. Many planets are still unavailable and if that might bother you I would suggest waiting a few more months before purchasing... Definitely add it to the wishlist and follow the development of the game though."
76561198164139726,Recommended,402710,28561625,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,ミームＭＥＭＥＢＯＹ,11HRS Playing time :Yay i finished my base! now time to build vehicles!20HRS playing time :Now i have all the vehicles! now time to derp around this planet!24HRS Playing time :i think i should back to my base25HRS Playing time :*found my base ruined by someone**uninstall the game*10/10 time wasting simulator
,Recommended,402710,28616284,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Falcon,Login and die now cant join public network. can fixed this ? Photon network is not ready to join lobby
76561198180552866,Recommended,402710,29162966,Posted: 10 January,all,DickBlower,"please remove the giant worm, i hate myself being kill from that creature, if i get kill, i lost my weapons, it means it's hard to fight without weapons, to make it we need lithium and diamond, it's hard to find that to"
76561198062851514,Recommended,402710,29368679,Posted: 19 January,all,thatguywhoblewup,THIS GAME IS LITPROS:-SCARY♥♥♥♥♥ALIENS-barren wasteland-it looks sexy-customizable universe-solo or offline-difficulty options-choose the hardest options or you're a ninny-die immediately by the hand of a giant space crabCONS:-unreliable interactions (such as melee attack) while in first person-occasionally unclear instructionsI AM STOKED TO SEE THIS GAME DEVELOP and can't wait to dominate some naughty space crabs ;*
76561198346676973,Recommended,402710,30084969,Posted: 21 February,all,Alopex,"The game is fun, but we need Chinese  !  !  !  !"
76561198166698801,Recommended,402710,30183672,Posted: 25 February,all,Tyrone The Duck,Good...Just wish the system requirements werent sooo taxing. More fps for lower end PCs would be great!
,Recommended,402710,30290179,Posted: 2 March,all,StarSouse,"Expect to see everything after 8 - 16 hours of gaming. (Gaming and saving for fear of glitches).But also: Don't be surprised if you sweat.Because you screwed up resource management. And now you have to venture into a storm, at night, with your droid and a pistol.Don't be surprised if your mouth drops.The first time you see a worm, remember to run sideways :PDon't be surprised if you crack a smilethe first time you reach orbit...I had a short, great time. Fenix Fire are pretty serious, and these developers have positioned themselves to make sure the good times last (by the end of the year).Go for it."
,Recommended,402710,30326305,Posted: 4 March,all,[R18] SoulFrost,"Great game, lots of buiding to do and resource gathering. You can leave the planet although the interaction is pretty basic at this stage it still very exciting to see where the dev's are going to take the game.I really enjoyed the challenge of trying to find enough resources to build the equipment. If you are trying to find locations of everything, this site helped alot :http://osirisnewdawn.gamepedia.com/Proteus_2The dev's re-distributed the resources at the start of 2017 so as of 05/03/17 (DD/MM/YY) that map is the most up to date. I found myself regularly vewing it to find missing resources.I recommend this game but do keep in mind it is still early access, it's not complete by far but it's been fun to play."
,Recommended,402710,30452173,Posted: 11 March,all,.Kinetic.,Matt Damon Simulator 10/10
76561197982600053,Recommended,402710,30477072,Posted: 12 March,all,GoRobotGo |MWD|,"Game is fun to play, but barely anyone on here at this time. Has a few bugs in it but that's much to expect with it still being in early acess still."
,Recommended,402710,30950472,Posted: 4 April,all,MaddHatt,"Short review:It's fun buy it dammit.Long review:So being the massive space nerd that I am, when I saw this game I jumped at the chance to buy it.Graphics:Damn Beautiful, even on low settings the enviroment is stunningly beautiful and looks amazing.Gameplay:Well, the game is sandbox and early access so there is not much storyline yet, but recently the developer has promiced that they are adding a massive update with more story around april-may , so yay on that!Balance:The difficulty of survival is not particularily hard, although on multiple occasions I have gotten caught unprepared (Even with everything researched and fabricated) and gotten myself eaten by a terrifying arachnoid monster.Multiplayer:There have been a onslaught of hackers recently, however in the latest hotfix the developer added some basic anti-cheat and reporting system that has helped abit, they also said that they will upgrade it in the big update.Developer:The developers care about this game. They are active and have been there every step of the way.  Accourding to the developers, The next big update they announced has loads of new content, most of which was player suggested, along with ballences made to the existing game bassed off of what the community has said in the past.Over all, This game is highly promicing and I recomend you join early for the amazign ride ahead."
76561198050417857,Recommended,402710,30954654,Posted: 4 April,all,~SuperBabyFace~,"Even though I didn't put enough hours into it, I must say, it's an amazing game that experience both horror and survival. This would be best if you could play with friends, in Private servers though, as most public servers are full of trolls.It had the mood of terror whenever a monster/alien comes near you as the music, weather, and vision empahsize the experience. There's no doubt you should not look forward on this game as the developers listen to the community and gave what the customers and players want for the price of the game.I have been following this game since the release, watching gameplays, but it was too expensive for me, that is. So I waited at the right time where price got down and bugs were merely fixed. I got to say, playing it first hand is better than watching as intensity grows within you as you progress through the game.At the end, there are some improvements that can maybe be made:1. Is it possible to remove helmet in the habitat.2. Maybe let us look around our spaceship instead of being locked in a foward camera.3. Refueling makes a lot more challenging in maintaining your vehicles.4. Maybe make some trails where we can put in caves and and lets us know where the exit is.5. Possible to change suit.....craft a new one?6. More buildings maybe....:P7. Lastly, can we destroy a vehicle please, like I accidentally built two of the same, and it was a waste, but I would love if we could scrap it and get the materials back.Thus this game is fun and I receommend you to play it, even though its under development since bugs are fun to watch and laugh at."
,Recommended,402710,35038172,Posted: 17 September,all,=MAG= D1B2-7,Loads of fun. Can't wait to see how it develops.
76561198282450366,Recommended,402710,35039878,Posted: 17 September,all,Tollas669,Still needs a lot of time to become really good but they are getting there slowly.
76561197987701161,Recommended,402710,35055711,Posted: 18 September,all,Markusaurelius,"I bought this game with some apprehension. Since buying it 2 days ago, I have put in around 18 hours of play time and am thorougly enjoying it. It is a game for people who tried ARK but felt it lacked the Sci-Fi element. I look forward to more updates containing building elements and customised items for your avatar!There are many creatures to smack the crap out of using either bludeoning, slashing of shooting weapons.For the N00bs:- If you see a giant freakin' worms thing jump out of the ground, use your jet boots to fly perpendicular to the worms path. (Then you won't get eaten...)For anyone who is strugglng to find resources, I will be posting screen shots with co-ordinates of certain locations. If you are having difficulty finding something, let me know and I will try my best to help you find what you need.- ""To boldly go to infinity and beyond..."""
,Recommended,402710,35058058,Posted: 18 September,all,soulhuntermmm,"If the idea of a gorgeous HD CoOp-openworld-sandbox-survival-shooter with minor RPG elements in an alien solar system appeals to you then just buy it before price hike on ""release"" date, already a solid single-player experience here. If you read their September 8th update devs found a fix for their biggest lag issue and have also fixed just about everything in other negative reviews.Multiplayer is buggy asallhells syllables with most of the features ToBeContinued as of this date, but they fixed the biggest problem already and are rightly working on making gameplay smooth so get in here and generate debug logs to make this gorgeous game run with 16 players! I want some PvP at some point beyond just jacking peoples stuff and having them whine about it on the forums xDPROS AS OF THIS DATE:+ Gorgeous HD Visuals+ A+ Planet Design+ Variety of Aliens+ Adjustable Sliders for Survival, Aliens, Ore Frequency and more+ Modular Buildings+ CoOp+ Variety of Vehicle/Turret/Defenses/Weapons+ regular Dev Updates+ Spaceship Flight to Moons/PlanetsCONS AS OF THIS DATE:- Combat is just okay, occassional lag- CoOp limited features still buggy- Possibly frequent lag spikes no matter how powerful your rig or settings- Many test builds of same planet, more planned- Devs need BugtestingAll of the cons to this game in negative reviews have all been fixed by Devs, I have yet to encounter anything game-breaking and all the cons I listed can be addressed just by more people playing the game so this handful of Devs can debug their ambitious game.** UPDATE **I got Empyrion just because I was impatient in waiting for Osiris devs to roll out updates, and in spite of the lack of content compared to Empyrion I like this game much better. This is the more realistic space survival sim with HD graphics, in Empyrion you can craft a mortorcycle that runs on magic and a decent cement house right away and food/oxygen/mining feel more like chores than living on the edge of space by a thread.  Empyrion has arcade-survival mechanics so you can get to exploring the huge garish randomly generated planets/solar system, this game is aiming for hardcore realism and immersive hand-crafted environments. Got to craft containers for your water and every little thing here chum, no magic plastic bottles appear from nothing in Osiris xP"
,Recommended,402710,35086900,Posted: 20 September,all,Nizmo,Awesome game but I wouldn't buy it for a while.
76561198270967625,Recommended,402710,29840272,Posted: 10 February,all,E. Dawg,"Great game, super satisfied."
,Not Recommended,402710,28707421,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,☠฿₤₫¢₭₲±Ø$₮☠,Refunded/ Not saying this game does not have potential but it needs some work with the core gameplay  or I should just say the core in general and it leaves you with heavy grinding for long periods and little to no other tasks especially in single player and for PvE multiplayer is just a overcrowded mess bases everywhere of players that are not even online and the biggest downside to that is a building cap basically it bars anymore building on the entire PLANET and you may not get it til a few hours in game and then the message will pop up and gives you the finger and tells you to go back to square one on a different planet  and then the combat is terrible and hitboxs almost do not even exist on the aliens. I will say though I do see the potential and it can be a great game but really some core aspects of the game is really going hurt this to being all that great as of right now I still rather play The Forest or ARK and even Rust I would say for the moment save your money and watch and see where this game will go especially since space games are the new zombies and and I can already think of a few other space survivals in the works besides just this.
,Recommended,402710,30911551,Posted: 2 April,all,[M+B]Nimmo,"This is a game I have been looking for.It is a very hostile environment. I like the idea of being on a foreign world, adapt, survive or die. This is already a beautiful game in it's early stages and even though you get this lonely feeling on a new, foreign world, you feel this sense of belonging where you have built a safe haven.//Things I'd like to see\\Lamp Posts (Like the lights already present in game, but in all 4 directions)Multiple crate models (Alternative models to depository), to get a more varied look on a base storage.Water tanks.Fuel tanks. (Similar system to solar panels, for refueling spaceship etc)Create a system where you have to synthesise breathable air. So, collecting Nitrogen, Oxygen, Carbon deposits, etc. Scavenge it at base to reuse air. Store the air in containers. This could add a sense of maintenance on a base.User Interface - O2 to display as Air. To respire you need a mixture of elements. CO2 helps stimulate breathing. We breath in 21% Oxygen. Expire around 16% Oxygen. We inhale approx. 0.4% CO2, expire 4%. The remainder is mostly Nitrogen and Argon.I like the system where you have to make plastic. Vehicles for storage of barrels (which are somewhat heavy) for the hydrogen is great. Makes it feel genuine."
76561198256142389,Not Recommended,402710,28741267,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,killerjs420,"Seems like it has potential started off fun but got boring real quick.  I got a refund, but its still on my wish list gonna see how the game develops and buy it later when theres more content"
,Recommended,402710,28783361,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Incarn,I guess I should flesh this review out a little more.Pros ++ Looks great.+ Gameplay is pretty decent.+ Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥great sound and mood setting. ( I jumped more than once. )+ Private multiplayer is pretty legit.Cons -- Naturalllllly people have found ways to exploit...- Multiplayer (PUB) is a bit one sided as these things tend to be. Hard to get started.- Some bugs.Overall: Recommend.
76561197993087752,Not Recommended,402710,31114452,Posted: 13 April,all,104th_IronMike,"Do I recommend it? Yes, I do. It is fun, something along the lines like subnautica, there could be definately more content and a singleplayer endgame (or more missions, some campaign, escape scenario maybe, reconnect with your main fleet or whatever), but apart from that the world is made fine (could be bigger), crafting is fun and rewarding, there should be more building options though, in subnautica you can go wild, here you can build several bases, but you cant expand the one you have with 5 habitats or so.The downside: multiplayer. After having ALL in SP I decided to give MP a try, naturally you start from scratch, found a helpful buddy, too, we had a colony, I recruited several more colonists, we worked together well, it seemed grand. And then I went to sleep. And I came back, and EVERYTHING was gone. All of it. Someone just had fun destroying it all, for no reason, or one of our colonists went rogue and just cashed in all of it. what I am saying: why are ppl able to destroy my♥♥♥♥♥♥when I am not there. Oh, did I mention the cheaters? And no anti cheat system whatsoever? The servers hosted by clients, so offline when they go? And yeah, the fact that someone can take all your♥♥♥♥♥♥ or destroy it, when you are gone.I get the persistent arguement, but at least, when you are offline it could be under lockdown or something. I am not saying while you are away, say on another planet. you should get an attack warning though. but to go to bed to see all your work squandered the next day, makes MP just suck.So yeah, get it on sale, as SP fun is capped and MP simply sucks. And I wish there was a maybe or so/so option for the review, not only recommend or no. Although I recommend it, I cannot give a thumbs up. Sry devs, but MP is broken."
76561197970881539,Not Recommended,402710,32216468,Posted: 6 June,all,Badakun,"I like the game, don't get me wrong.I've played a fair bit and I'll still play more, just probably not for a while.The issue with this game is the devs are deciding whether or not they want to keep the current node mining system.I just wish they'd hurry up as I'm stranded on the second planet with no way to craft plastic, which means my hab module is just there, alone, in the vast wasteland tundra.Also, I'm just going to put this out there, the devs NEED to make a meteorite defense turret, because I've now lost 2 ships to the ""random"" meteorites which has lead me to this predicament.Buyer beware, this game is broken but for the first 10 or so hours it's pretty fun.★★★☆☆ 3/5; needs time and the devs need to be decisive."
,Recommended,402710,25896975,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Dion07,"I would reccoment this game based on all the videos and let's plays i've seen. A warning however, this game requires a LOT of graphical processing power. My machine is high end and it runs horribly slow on the lowest visual settings."
76561198008246462,Recommended,402710,25982196,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Painkiller,"This game is right down to earth awesome. Its like space engineers and dead space combined. with base building, exploration and survival its something i would definetely recommend to anyone interested in this genre. Its still in alpha there are some bugs but the game is in very playable state. This game has major potential and i would love to see where this road will take us.Buy it now, for this price you will cash in 100+ hours of gameplay in this state of game ALONE."
76561198018769792,Recommended,402710,25798640,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Flooky,"Great fun! Great potential, very creepy atmosphere crazy nighttime aliens that creep up on you.Even more fun with friends.10/10 would get headbutted by giant crab again."
76561198020831584,Recommended,402710,25812586,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,arc361,its fun but mining looks dumb
,Recommended,402710,25826346,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Anthony,"1. Don't expect to play multiplayer for a couple weeks. Optimization needs work, terminations due to server logic, low fps when you do play.2. Lack of content on single-playerWhat I have seen, though, is fun. Single player mode is meant to act like a tutorial, so the end-game goal is multiplayer. Nights are frightening, traveling around is dismal, but I see great potential in this game.Just not right now."
,Recommended,402710,25826022,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Tdogtrace,Space Engineers simplifiedNo mans sky: the finished versionThe future star citizenI recommend this game 10/10 for what it currently is and what it can become. 24.99 is worth the valueSpending 8 hours with my friend building our colony was well spent. We started with the dome and eventually got to building 2 of each vehicle with the exception of the mech.Frequent problems: (PRIVATE UNIVERSE)-Logging out and logging back in restarts your spawn. You do not appear back at your most recent save point-Relogging drops you at a random spawn with the equipment you start with (inflatable dome. ammo. survival kit.)-Dying and Respawning is a gamble you either get teleported to god knows where or at your last bed save.-Adjacent modules to the habitat doesnt seem like they seal (yes we made the pressure plating on the hallways.)-Many furniture pieces are still inaccesible. (built but not interactive)-Pathing on drones is horrible by a longshot
76561198061288014,Recommended,402710,25827918,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,HawkLord,I feel that virement is breathtaking in the space exploration is very well done. The building in the game it's something that I like to see in survival games not many get it right like this game. The only negative thing I have about the game is the vehicle the gav it gets stuck on every single rock that you come across. I don't recommend using this vehicle because you will die a lot in it. The best vehicles are the Rover and the hover bike that's the best way to.
,Recommended,402710,25831454,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,AlwaysSunnyLLC,"CEO of Space X, Elon Musk and CEO of Mars One, Bas Lansdorp teamed up to send out one guy to live on a planet known as Keplar to see if he could build a base for future astronauts. In the game, I would describe this as a Tom Cruise from ""Oblivion, Matthew McCougha♥♥♥♥ from ""Interstellar,"" Sigourney Weaver from ""Alien,"" Vin Diesel from ""Pitch Black,"" and Sandra Bullocks from ""Gravity,"" all meet up to discuss how they could repopulate with just 5 people, sorry Matt Damon from ""The Martian,"" we're running out of text space, so we'll have to put you in Osiris 2 review."
,Recommended,402710,25841180,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Logi @ RejectGamers,So far its really good!!!!!!
76561198254380520,Recommended,402710,25880871,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Just Cause,"If only No man's lie was anything like this then it wouldn't be so bad but it's not. Osiris: New Dawn looks bloody beautiful. I'd recommend this over Nms 100% Seriously you'll have alot more amazement and joy playing Osiris and its an early access game, I see great things to come for this game, I hope the devs don't let me and other people down.£18.99 Vs £50Trust me you get a hell of alot more for your £18.99 with this ""early access game"""
,Recommended,402710,25901032,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Wolf,"Simply to put it-You're Matt Damon from the martian-You're a starship trooper-You can jump around mars like john carterThat is this game, this is also what No man's sky should have been :)"
76561198329429060,Recommended,402710,25822905,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,IIISWIFTYIII,"I know you have more than likely come here to read a review on how good or bad this game is, but I have only come here to earn a steam badge for writing my first review on a game...so, thank you for reading and sorry for wasting your time :)"
,Recommended,402710,25828180,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Quoth the Raven,"I am thoroughly enjoying this game. Nothing beats the dangerous arid exoplanet and our struggle to make a small dwelling there. Also if you are a Dune fan than you will love this game. I am still looking for the resources needed to create ships, etc.I would love for this game to start adding story and even a subterrain enviornment which is more moist than the surface, it would create a nice balance for those who get tired of desert climates easily.  I am looking forward to whatever else this game has in store. Please take our pledges seriously!"
,Recommended,402710,25816460,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Tasty Mushroom,"Osiris: New Dawn is ARK: Survival Evolved, in space.10/10 I loved everything about it, I hope it will be more amazing than it is already.I recommend this game to everyone! you will love the atmosphere of the game and the way you survive it, this is still an Early Access Game so rating it now won't be fair anyway, but I recommend this because I can see the devs are very supportive.Trust me its not a money waste, just invest your 20$ it worths it.It  Teared  No  Man  Sky  '  s  Butt"
76561198313251513,Recommended,402710,25954312,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,🐓RoosterRoar🐓,Funny and entertaining game.
,Recommended,402710,26119124,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Timpraetor,"I voted this game a YES, but there's a caveat - it is an Early Access title and that needs to be considered when you look at buying in.  The $25 you pay to buy into the game's early access period is to help fund the developers and you need to be aware that you will be restarting every day or two (or possibly every few hours).  You should be willing to submit bug reports and feature and gameplay ideas to help improve the final product.This is shaping up to be a fantasictally interesting game with first person, third person playability.  The end goal is multiple planets with different features, single or multi-player missions, survival, construction, fighting or domesticating alien wildlife, space flight, discovery and both PvE and PvP gameplay.The graphics are getting better with each update and there are quite a few die-hard players around to answer questions through each phase of the game.However, I'll say it again, if you're looking for a finished game or are going to spend more time whining about issues and yelling for a refund, then Early Access games are really not for you;  and Osiris: New Dawn is definitely an ""Early Access"" game."
76561197978671988,Recommended,402710,25762584,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Hail Hydra,"Cool game, I would wait until its finished."
,Recommended,402710,25769671,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,SerialKillerJTR,ARK-Survival Evolved meets space.I love ARK and this game is gonna get better and better just like ARK has.I love it and it's well worth buying!
76561198006719326,Recommended,402710,25784114,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Travix,"For an Early Access game it is gorgeous and well put together. The bugs that have come up so far have been fixed within a day. The Developers are very active with the Community and have implemented many suggestions from the community. If Space/Survival/Building/Crafting/Exploring is what you look for in a game, then I highly recommend it. :)"
76561197969390901,Recommended,402710,25806857,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,chrisgrant303,"Great start for an early access game.  Holding off until they develop it further for the multiplayer component, but worth the buy"
,Recommended,402710,25808320,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Thedawn,Awesome gameEveryone is calling this Matt Damon simulator 2016 and it is so true
76561198002075743,Recommended,402710,25895454,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,George3χ,"First things first:This game mopped the floor with No Man's Sky. [/b]Now the review:Well this game is pretty much the same as ""The Martian"" simulator.Imagine play as Matt Damon but in a hardcore way, in an infested planet with scary creatures even worst than the necromorphs from dead space. Craft your collony, gather resourcers, Die to a Giant stealth worm, go to the space.Awesome crafting system, Creepy creatures that makes you fill your space pants that help you  craft soil.The Vehicles are awesome, I loved the space shuttle and the rov bike.Huge map for an early acess to explore.if you were♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥because no man sky...do yourself a favor and pick this game.10/10 I'd rather die to a giant worm than get stuck above an invisible ground taking ""extreme radiation""."
76561198132662103,Recommended,402710,26241469,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,D4zt,"Great game on single player.Multiplayer still sucks. Me and and friend started a private game and he is almost level 5 and I havent leveled at all. I have the newest patch/update and tried restarting (me and him both) and nothing is working. I do realize it's still in alpha, but why would he level and not me?"
76561198321452907,Recommended,402710,26238987,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,brickbungalow,"I love the concept and enjoy the game play but it's definitely unfinished. Quite a few bugs. I cannot mine resources in the first person view. The robot companion does not reliably follow instructions. The alien raids on your habitat can be very difficult to deal with early on because of camera issues. Still, I want to support game designs like this. I hope to see more."
,Recommended,402710,25767715,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Chivalric Panda,Please fix the low fps issue.
76561198006577720,Not Recommended,402710,28877285,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Dakor,This game is really awesome.  The only reason I gave it a thumbs down is for God Mech mode.  If you want to pvp in this game you can't in the current build.  Mech's cannot be killed so anyone can blow you up in about 15-20 mins and you can't do anything about it.Other than that this game is great.  But I won't be playing until they fix Mech's.(P.S I'm willing to change my review after the patch that fixes this.)
76561198069373919,Recommended,402710,34209524,Posted: 13 August,all,Frank  J. Underwood,"Osiris new dawn is one of the best survival games.At the first builds the osiris was pretty easy , you had some tools and food to survive for 3-4 days . Now you have almost nothing . But this isnt bad thing, cause you have to really survive.Pros:-concept-graphics-character custumization-cool weapons-many vehicles-Great soundtrack-dificult start- aliens (not the movie ...)Cons:-You cant sleep at night ( as much i have procced to the game ) and nights are dangerous and you cant do some progress easy .- difficult starti would recommend Osiris new dawn  9/10"
76561197991270810,Recommended,402710,28996305,Posted: 3 January,all,Nathaniel,The building restrictions on multiplayer is dumb. I should be able to build a habitat next to the person im playing with or reduce the distance between two for different players. This NEEDS to be fixed asap.
76561198218363032,Recommended,402710,25816128,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Rabblerouser,Highly recommend
76561198166448121,Recommended,402710,28415729,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Dylanjay721,A Fun challenging game for solo And multiplayer i paid 25.00$ for this game and i say i have gotten my money's worth it's great for dicking around just doing it for fun and it's a Extremely Challenging if your doing it solo or with friend's so i would highly recommend this game if you feel like getting stranded on what's essentialy mar's and eating potato's the combat building is amazing like i said highly recommend now im gonna stop before i ramble anymore and good luckgonna need it but i really wish that they would add a creative mode oh well
,Recommended,402710,25762578,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,[NuffiNs] I am Sean...,"Seems great so far. Definitely has early access-itis with bugs and issues, but the devs seem active. WIll update this review once I play more, but 4 hours in and I'm enjoying it. Worth a shot if you're curious."
76561198144000938,Recommended,402710,25818609,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Lucaception,"Id say its in between, the potential of this game is huge! Its has everything you'd have expected and not received on no mans sky.But current stage; way too many bugs.Normally on early stage id see the bugs showing up when far within game play, here I get confronted with bugs within the first 20 minutes.They are working on it and they are listening to peoples responses, so based on that i have good hopes and give it a thumbs up!"
,Recommended,402710,25841964,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Banana Man,This game is amazing.
,Recommended,402710,25842471,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Paul Emerson goes to NK,so fun so fun so fun so fun so fun so fun so fun so fun so fun
76561198042607187,Recommended,402710,25842017,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Daedric,What can i say? except that i am in love with this game! i have never heard about this game before i saw a youtuber that played it and i got really intrested in it so i bought it and tried it myself and i am so damn happy i did it cuz as i said before i love this game really much!!. :)
76561197990048086,Recommended,402710,25761680,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,.     .,"I tried the game. I think this game has a huge potential, but they should at least optimize it a bit first.I am using a GTX 970, and I get 20fps in 1080 lowest setting. 25fps in 720 lowest setting.If you want to throw them money now to let them build the game, yes, do it. Don't expect it to be a really playable game right now. 3/4 classes are not available yet.I got excited hoping I can be Matt Damon, but I guess not yet.... I will give this a positive though.It is not bad, but need way more work on it. I just took too many risks on early access games, so I rather wait on this one."
,Recommended,402710,25761590,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,You Can't Cage the Sprout!,"editI want to see this game succeed so badly.  I believe that it could really fill in the void for a good survival space game.there are quite a few bugs such as an ally putting something in my chest and the items disapear, when i died while looking in aa chest, wouldnt let me access that chest because someone else was viewing it.  While annoying, still a good game.With a plethora of survival games on the market, most of which are extremely bad, this one actually seems to be a nice change of pace from the others.  I don't have much time on it right now but I plan on spending many hours with friends on this game."
,Recommended,402710,25839635,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Spade,"Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ this game is cool. If you were disappointed with No Man's Sky, this could eventually be the game to fill that gap. Osiris: New Dawn offers a lot for an indie early access game. As of 10/8/16 the game is mostly focused on surviving on an alien planet. Space travel and exploration are pretty terrible at the moment, so if you're looking to explore a whole planet, that's not going to happen. As of now, the planets are not spherical. The way land and space works in O:ND is like this: the map is a giant circle/square of developer-created land that is the ""play-area"". Outside of this play-area is nothing but bland desert. Once you build a space ship, you can fly around the play area and pitch up to go to space. As you go to space the play-area is covered by a texture of the spherical planet to make it seem as if you traveled a far distance and are in orbit, but in reality ""space"" is just in the sky of the play-area. Space is boring too and has a few bugs. Hopefully the devs take the NMS apporach and make the planets spherical and space a little further out. As for everything else, it's very well developed. The soundtrack is great and flows well within the game. The graphics are amazing, everything looks very realistic, even the aliens. The combat system is executed near perfectly. The weather in this game is annoyingly great. Surviving in this game is not the hardest task but definitely takes some time to pass the challenges. Base building is fun, but needs more buildings and customization to be added. There is absolutely no story, and it's important that this game gets one, as there is not much to offer after you've built everything and have gone everywhere. Last but not least, there are many bugs in this game (as to be expected with Early Access). Another thing worth mentioning is that this game heavily revolves around resource gathering. Overall I give O:ND a 7/10 considering it's creativeness, problems, price tag, etc. I would reccomend this game to anyone who loves the space game genre, or those who like the indie survival game genre. Osiris: New Dawn is a pretty damn cool game, and I can't wait to see what the developers have planned for the future."
76561198150582980,Recommended,402710,25818604,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,norrie,"Great game, must be played with friends. Multiplayer servers are bit buggy atm."
76561198078695985,Recommended,402710,25839196,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,{LaG} Wiredx7 {TOHG},This is this 4th day in a row i have woke up signed in and all the work ive done . Gone. last time with rovers space ship and        storage so full . i could have built it all over again.this game is amazing. but with no save load working. time to put this aside for now. i dont want to give it a negative review.but the load and save need to be fixed before i can move on . Dont mind the glitches or the grind. but to simply have all you efforts erased the next day is too much.i will say this you have made No Man Sky look like a 2 dollar game compared to this and the is pre alpha.....please fix the load and save. spending all this time building with friends to watch it all be erased has left us bitter.  i will be watching the forums for fixes!!!!!         Ty
76561198049528573,Recommended,402710,25838661,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,FlammableVoide,It's a beautiful game and if it keeps going the way it is now it'll be what nms should have been
76561198043383639,Recommended,402710,25817530,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Territorial Pissings,>Launch game>have no idea where to start>wander around exlporing>collect minerals>start building stuff>run out of minerals>can't find the minerals im looking for>get lost in a cave for hours with diamonds and lithium everywhere and cant carry it all out>build giant city>run out of minerals again>get killed by borrowing giant space worm>start deveopling more advanced materials>kill every alien you walk past>plot your revenge against giant worm10/10 would get killed by giant space worm again
,Recommended,402710,30248709,Posted: 28 February,all,Lightning  McQueen,"This GameThis Game made me quit every other game i played for days.It made me sleepless running away from big♥♥♥♥♥giant worms.This Game also made me quit my multi-monitor setup.So this game must be intense?Yes it is and it is ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥scary.10/10 would♥♥♥♥♥♥in the Excrement Hall again,"
,Recommended,402710,31359177,Posted: 25 April,all,IOSirus,"Osiris: New Dawn is a wonderful adaptation into the survival game genre. Blending great graphics, a comprehensive crafting system, and a brilliant sound track, this is a must-have game for fans of survival oriented playstyles.Laymans terms: Its great! Build, craft, and survive to your hearts contentin space!"
,Recommended,402710,30863183,Posted: 31 March,all,Styxs,"Just a quick review.What is this game like:Its a space survival game, and you get stranded on an unknown planet.Goal in this game:Survive and make a base from materials you can harvest/find all around the planet and even inside caves or from killing wildlife aliens.How is the learning curve:its kinda steep in the beginning for a non survival game player, for the veteran survival game players its oke, one tip for starters ... use the ductape to patch your suit :)Any end-game content?:yes and no, you can make a space ship and go fly off and go to another planet, or just make a huge base with defences and just PVP, but its still an EA game so more content will come.Will you recommend this game?:yes and no ... its a very good survival space game (alot better then No Mans Lie ... ehh Sky), has alot of potential BUT if you expect a fully complete game its not for you and you best wait till its completly finished .... but if you dont mind that then its a very fun game to play if you like space, survival and ofcourse exploring an unknown planet"
,Recommended,402710,25831727,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Tatsuhide,Good.
76561198327945375,Recommended,402710,25773017,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,dajohnsotoram,"I like it so far, seems good"
76561197970601975,Recommended,402710,25773050,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,LEN,giant spider things kicked my robot buddy to death and i was too scared to go out and help him..goodbye dear Bernard
,Recommended,402710,25773078,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Barry McCockinner,"People have said it before, I'll say it again, this game is what No Man's Sky could've been. It's a great cross between games like space engineers and ARK, yet it definitely feels like its own game. They've captured the spacesuit feel flawlessly, and it's one of the best early access games I've ever bought into.10/10 would crack my helmet again"
,Recommended,402710,25826401,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,режим призрака,"Is definetly a nono for low graphics cards, rip me:'cif i only had a better grap card 10/10 beautiful game"
,Recommended,402710,25826664,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Denneisk,"I don't remember this game much since the last time I played it was last year, but I do know that it was pretty unpolished but fun when it was out.It's a good game nonetheless."
,Recommended,402710,26574066,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,DragoFire,"Has possiblities, being alpha there are bugs.Biggest one is don't have any other controllers other than mouse and keyboard plugged or you'll lose 75% of the keyboard controls.Warnning at night best to keep close to your drone and your base in the beginning."
,Not Recommended,402710,31895882,Posted: 21 May,all,Kylo Ren,another early access let down.
76561198001997868,Not Recommended,402710,31901400,Posted: 22 May,all,Deerfriend,"Quite a let-down after a first decent impression compared to things like Empyrion. But after the not even 10 hours I played there's nothing to do really. What little there is to build feels uninteresting and unrewarding, the space travel and transitions are awful and the flight controls of the craftable spaceship made me want to kill someone.I enjoyed No Man's Sky more than this."
,Not Recommended,402710,32095534,Posted: 31 May,all,Q13E5 ︻デ═一,"So far, im having a hard time as a newbie getting water. i managed to get a good setup going, but im having trouble figuring out where some stuff is. I also had to nerf the enemies WAY down due to them almost killing me, plus im trying to figure stuff out.I have come across some floating rocks.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=937017858Im also having some visual issues.The hud mask wrap is bothering the poop out of me.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=936986414#_=_also i can see the world load in the background.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=937018360This solar flare looks a bit off.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=937024661I understand this is a work in progress and i will edit this review as the game progresses."
76561198014119918,Not Recommended,402710,32128091,Posted: 2 June,all,UAA,"This game has good idea and really  bad realisation.If you want space exploration and survival- rather get empyrion or some other game.I am done with this game. Dont buy this for another 2-3 years.+:visualsbuildingsurvivalstorms-: dont know even where to start:Tutorial is half finished. A lot is missing. Example, how to get water. Different names in buildings and construction. I spend time on forums just to realize which building is actually forge.Land combat: you can't avoid attacks. Creatures are clipping and damage you inside the inflatable dome.After death: your pistol is missing - and you basically cant play without this after getting killed first time.Most disturbing is resource distribution. Really idiotic. Basic resources are very far from each other. You dont have any vehicle at early stage and it is walking like 45 min in real time just to get to locations. Each resource is on map corners and all gameplay is just walking, walking.. Rubber is on one end. Oxygen on other end. Hydrogen is very remote. Some resources are even not existent like carbon - which is one basic component in this game.Only way to progress is to cheat and edit savegame file.Very bad thing is water. You dont get any tips, how to get it. You die in dehidration in 10 min. That is 1000 meters of walk in game. You cant reach resources, that you make water. You die from dehidration in the lake, die  submerged in lake, die in the desert,  die in hills, in the base, and list go on and on. You dont get any water from eating berry, plants and so on. Only way is so tree juice. Why the hell would you drink tree juice and cant get water from the lake? Really? Die from dehidration in the lake?Ship flying is like joke. Even 1985 flight simulators were better than this. Controls get reversed when transiting hover and flight. Ship is unstable. Why they cant just have simple key map for up and down, and wsad and mouse?No.. This is just hilarious. It has the worst flight model - i have seen.Major resources like gas - are completly invisible on map.The map - it is not existent. You only get short range scanner. Really? Build starships and you dont have even simple map?You dont have option to build any simple vehicles at the start. Since - you can get it only after you die 10.000 times and already get all necesary resources and skills.Rocks are floating. I saw mountans floating. But ok - this is  alpha and no problem with this. But gameplay is horribly broken.When in space - planet texture is transparent. You dont even know where planet is.My god - this is disaster. It should not be early access game. This is not even alpha. So much is missing and not working.Just stay away from this and spend your life elsewhere."
76561197988783354,Not Recommended,402710,32221492,Posted: 6 June,all,Skitzar,"Based on the direction this game is going, i am swayed to be negative. The current state of the game is broken as progression feels near unobtainable. Some resources are EVERYWHERE and appear to be designed for setting up a base. However the rare resources are broken. You have to go to either one of two locations to get them. This appears to be a fault, not intentional. If it is intentional, i hope it is VERY temporary, as it has broken the game. Having to go into a mine multiple times to reset the nodes, in the hope it MIGHT give you the resources you are sorely needing to progress is actually insulting.However, the models are clean and look good. The skill web tables are getting there. No doubt they will be prettied up.The Aliens need their clipping issues fixed, should not be able to hurt you in your base. On top of that, if you are new, getting killed by the first aliens that are so common is sad. The devs need to create level zones that are a little more clear and concise.I love the base design, but trying to achieve something is near impossible at the moment... pleaseeeeeee tell me there is a patch coming to fix the resource issue asap. PLEASEEEEEE"
76561198255658394,Not Recommended,402710,32301399,Posted: 9 June,all,saunders.bryan34,"I enjoyed this game when it was resently first launched in beta..but after one of your last updates ruined my whole game..found my base glitched underground and couldn't get out..had to start over...than realized you moved the spawn point and the cave...move lots of things around which I didn't under stand because you still had the rest of the planet to fix but dicided to screw up the good part...I tried to play it and put the monsters on easy just so I can get used to my new surroundings,but I was being attacked by 2 creatures at the same time even before I placed my first item down...they took forever to kill..was angry that you ruined a good thing and made it worse instead of finishing the rest of the planet.....so now I don't play it anymore....now I give you a thumbs down.."
76561197970494279,Not Recommended,402710,32480614,Posted: 16 June,all,Klick,"Game is very very very very much still in development. I tried it out for ♥♥♥♥♥ and giggles but my god. Although fun it becomes very quickly apparent what the problems are. With devs only doing minimal and seemingly far apart updates it doesn't leave much to be discovered. I would wait to buy this if I were you. The forums are aplenty with broken content or nonexistent. Everything you make will be wiped away underground by the next update etc etc. It used to be Early Access was a beta type testing. Now it's very much more Alpha testing. Game Developers used to pay people to test their stuff. Now we pay them, lmao things have definitely changed."
76561198115954258,Not Recommended,402710,33003097,Posted: 29 June,all,menix39,"DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!!!It used to a fun survival game , but the devs added a ingot crafting system that's unnecessary and adds hours of work into basic crafting"
76561198026809325,Not Recommended,402710,33151148,Posted: 2 July,all,steveG,"I may have been spoilt by Life is Feudal, but I think all MMO games should have a system similair to its momument thing.  The main problem with this game is that whatever you build is not going to last if you have to log off occasionally.  It's very difficult to form meaningful relationships with other clans as everyone is going round smashing each others stuff up.Avoid."
76561198067606860,Not Recommended,402710,33288020,Posted: 5 July,all,NinjaBeest,"I started playing this game, I stopped playing this game."
76561198059326630,Not Recommended,402710,33533983,Posted: 14 July,all,GibboAu85,"Played this game a bit when it was first released and managed to get all the way up to the shuttle and into space.  After this point I shelved the game because I felt I had completed all it had to offer at that point.Upon returning to the game a year later and I find the game has gone massively backwards.  The implementation of the skill tree has broken the game and has made it near impossible to accomplish anything meaningful.  You spend ages stuffing around like a caveman bashing rocks with other rocks with no weapons and no base.  You basically need 3 people who each go up a different arm of the tech tree and try to reach the point where you can actually craft proper tools and get back to the main aim of the game.I think the development team needs to go back to where they started and have another look at the direction they want to take the game because at the moment it is broken, annoying, boring and more like a caveman simulator 2017. Its as if they have ignored all the good suggestions to improve the game and implemented every♥♥♥♥♥♥idea they could. And judging by all the other negitive reviews that have been posted in recent months the community has also got the ♥♥♥♥♥.  Avoid until its fixed."
,Not Recommended,402710,33562293,Posted: 15 July,all,Sgt. Gomes,"When I bought the game i had a hard start not knowing where to find minerals ,etc.But with the help of the community (experienced players) i learn what to do and the game was fun and interesting.Whis this new uptade is like to PAYING A VISIT TO HELL.You blink twice and you re dead.  Limited ammo ,2  bandages , the new system of points , mining tool degradable... its all a nightmare.Maybe i had bad luck, but i died in the game because i didnt find banana leafs to make bandages... before this update it was an impossible situation.I really hope this game gets a new and better update very soon.""Sometimes you need to take one step back, in order to go two steps forward."""
,Not Recommended,402710,33728710,Posted: 22 July,all,KamikaZeCDN,"To be blunt, don't buy this game. Even for the sale price I paid ($16.79 CAD) I regret it.To expand on why I feel that way, let me explain further. The game you see in the gameplay trailers is vastly edited to make this game appear to be something it's not. It makes you think you're going to get a nice looking game with some action moments, some decent combat and exploration as you survive all while running nicely. Sure there might be some resource grinding but that's fine. But what you actually get is a game that feels slow and sluggish while looking okay and running pretty poorly. The combat? The alien creatures are derpy at best with their movements and you're going to spend more time dealing with attacks out of nowhere than you are doing all that lovely base building. That's not a joke either. Turn your back for a moment to harvest a resource and be ready for something to hit you from behind despite the landscape being clear as far as your eye can see.Let's go back to the poor performance. I'm running on a system that's only about 3 months old. I have an GTX 1060 6GB, i7-7770, 16GB RAM, etc. And yet the game struggles to hold a stable 45FPS on the lowest settings. I could understand if the game was the most beautiful game out there but it's not. I can run games like The Witcher 3 on maxed out settings and get a stable 60FPS. Sure it's an older game but it looks 10x better as well. This game just doesn't run well at all.The gameplay itself, well as I said its slow and sluggish. It feels clunky, that's about the best word I can think of. The movement of your character feels extremely stiff. I'm going to assume they are trying to use the idea of the planet having different gravity but it's been poorly done. So much so that the game goes against itself at times. Stiff, slow movement? That must be an attempt to replicate higher gravity correct? But then why does my jumping (and use of a jetpack/jump boost) make it appear as if the gravity is lower? Essentially there is no consistency. Which then makes me believe it's just poor coding. But it's not just the player movements. Something as simple as picking up a resource. You get a prompt to ""press f"" to collect something. Only you need to hold that key or press it then move your mouse. Why is there a delay in picking up a resource I've already performed an action to gather?The game also does everything it can to make the early experience as frustrating as possible. You get started at your crash site with limited tools and resources, that's fine. You spend some time gathering the resources around, dealing with the pick up delay, then the random attacks start. No problem, you have a pistol. Only it has very limited ammo. So limited in fact that depending on the attacking enemy and your ability to aim, you'll kill 1-2 enemies at most before you're out. With no way to restock any time soon. So you're left attempting to melee with your chisel or other tool. All while the random attacks continue the moment you turn your back to gather resources.It also appears as if some features have been removed or disabled without any update to the videos. I could also do without the long developer watermark in the upper left corner of my screen the entire time. We know who is making the game, you said so at the start. Don't add more useless text to my screen.All in all, don't spend your money. I stated what price I paid above but even $10 is too much for the game in it's current state. Alpha or not, you're misleading the early supporters with the trailers you currently have playing. In fact this game feels like something before Alpha."
76561198004715427,Not Recommended,402710,33867131,Posted: 28 July,all,AZAMAT BAGATOV,"I played this game a year ago and I really liked it however the bugs stopped me from playing any further but I really liked the sci fi elements and the crafting system was pretty nice.I thought I'd give it a year for it to mature. Now I've tested it for 3 hours and instead of being alot of fun it's only tedious, you die from monsters all the time and you have no idea where to go, even on the easiest settings. I've died from thirst without being able to craft water. I've died from flying massive worms 3 times in a row before I could even get my corpse.The game is now a cave man simulator rather than a sci fi game. You are equipped with a hyper high tech space suit and the game wants you to collect rocks so that you can make a fireplace and a stone oven where you can create a hatchet out of stone.Since when does a futuristic sci fi game force you to craft things that belong in the stone age?This game in it's current state is a huge dissapointment. Rewind a full year and you'd still have a better game."
,Recommended,402710,33964050,Posted: 1 August,all,Halcyon,"Despite all the negative reviews this title seems to have received recently I picked up the game after a friend convinced me to try it with him. I must say its strikingly beautiful, has a learning cliff and doesn't nurse you at all. Which is... Great!Seriously. I went in with an open mind, expected it to be harsh on me and ended up enjoying the experience thoroughly. The promise is definitely there.I just hope the ball hasn't been dropped due to the reactions to the patches that people who owned it before me seem to be complaining about. Maybe that is key. I didn't know what this game was like before patch 0.1.131. Maybe I should be outraged eh? Who knows.Anyway I'll give you an idea of how our progress went. Keep in mind we were complete novices with no clue what to do, but there were two of us and two heads/guns/knives are better than one:Initially we were rather lost, wandering our way haphazardly across a planet that clearly wanted us dead, following the mission as best we could. Eventually we found a nice open spot with tree sap and berry producing flora nearby and decided we needed to settle in order to survive. After two days/play sessions (30 days in-game) my friend and I completed our base. We're at day 52 now and have a space ship with another on the way, two mecha crabs, a GAV and a Rover. Surprisingly successful!Yes.. We did smack rocks with other rocks at the start, we did run away from enemies and we did hide in our inflatable dome every night terrified while the crabs humped the crap out of it. But we stuck with it, puzzling things out as we went and its been fun. We haven't actually died once yet either which continues to surprise us!Singleplayer I've achieved a modest base and have managed to get the character sustainable. I'm sure I could get to the same stage as I have in co-op with time but this game is much better with a friend to face the hardship with, like all games of this genre I suppose.Yes, the melee combat needs some work, yes, it needs more content and yes, it does have a long way to go before you could consider it a completed game which should be obvious seeing its early access. *ahem*The sound is rough in places (the vehicles are clearly using placeholder effects), as is the enemy AI which tends to go for a run at you at random and hope for the best strategy making for occassionally irritating combat. Once you've got an assault rifle though it becomes laughable. Before that I suggest getting yourself a Dragon's Tooth sword to at least finish the dodgy melee combat relatively quickly.Only encountered two bugs thus far. One was entering mine instances which was solved by a game and steam restart, and the second a loss of one Mecha Crab that decided it wanted to commit suicide for no clear reason (it just died/despawned on the spot). I've noticed the space ship isn't 100% yet either, leaving it to attempt to mine asteroids is dangerous as hell and the ship is easy to lose in those circumstances. Too easy.All-in-all I found the survival and learning cliff the game presents you at the start refreshing for its lack of handholding. I hope to see more in the near future as patches are released and the devs find the ""right way"" they are clearly searching for.Oh and before I forget, one thing this game seems to have over others of its kind is the server hosting. You can have yourself a coop game and its all hosted for you via the games master server. A nice touch.I recommend this game. However, look it up thoroughly before purchasing and keep in mind its Early Access tag. Like, you know, you should do with EVERYTHING that carries the tag!"
76561198006362847,Recommended,402710,34922192,Posted: 13 September,all,Haloband,"Okay, where to start? First off I will state that this game has huge potential. It ran well on my computer and I did not experience any issues graphic-wise. My only gripe at this point is the combat. During my first hour of the game (playing on easy to learn the ropes) I was attacked by 5 Giant Crab Monsters, as well as everything else that moved, and eventually ran out of bullets to adequately defend myself. Yes I had a pickax...but good luck with that. This completely ruined my experience. I've played many survival games and I understand the need for immersion and the sense of accomplishment as the player gains more experience, but this was a bit much.That being said, I do recommend this game as it is very well done. Just give it time as the Devs work out the kinks and balance the play style. Just to be fair to would be buyers - I did refund the game simply because I don't have time, nor the desire, to struggle through the unfair combat challenge at this time. As you can see from the many positive reviews, others players don't seem to have an issue with it. Once the games is closer to completion i will buy it again as I do believe it will just get better with time."
76561197971091084,Not Recommended,402710,28896996,Posted: 1 January,all,Turtle (tAG 99),"server are limited and  cant  build alot  of  objects,"
76561198534748299,Not Recommended,402710,32145483,Posted: 2 June,all,NaunMan,"Firstly, I understand that this game is an Early Access game and  I understand that things are being worked on. What I don't understand is why things that were OK are then broken by updates.  I have struggled through the recent updates and managed to play a reasonable game. The last update just broke my spirit. My habitat had a huge boulder growing right out of the centre of it. No access to my carefully hoarded resources.  Battery life  plummets and hydration requirements are now almost unmanagable.  Not fun any more!   So. maybe I'll return when I see that the game is in a better state. For now, thats me out!"
76561197994436996,Not Recommended,402710,32862223,Posted: 27 June,all,Alexazar,"Horrible experience.Randomly deletes items when relogging.Tries to kill you every night with super tough monsters with tiny hitboxes.Terrible crafting menus with missing recipes.Cant see anything in world without reducing graphics to minimum.Even running in this game is bad, as you lose speed from even the tiniest of falls."
76561198325952661,Recommended,402710,32581505,Posted: 19 June,all,tjsaunders00,I love this game it's what I thought no man's sky was supposed to be
,Recommended,402710,25788638,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Kit,"Okay, its pretty fun for what it is. Lots of interesting concepts and stuff to do. It needs a lot more work, but its promising."
76561198045993494,Recommended,402710,25877006,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Blueshadow,Start playing and build a dome. I then set my droid to mine and start exploring. kill a giant centipede. feel really proud of myself and keep going. soon see a giant crab kill it too. start feeling like a badass. out of nowhere a worm the size of a skyscraper comes out of sand and eats me.10/10 would get eaten again
,Recommended,402710,25875013,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,PoePea,"My first two hours in the game (besides the awful optomisation which limits me to 19 fps) i sit grinding away. building my first dome enclosure to sleep in, a little chest to keep my resources in and effectivly a furnace. Spawn back in the next night, spend another hour resourcing to build my habitat, finally get enough resources and BAM there is too many buildings built on this....2000km map....on a max server cap of 12 players?!?!?!?! FOR THE LOVE OF GOD....12 PLAYER LIMIT AND A BUILDING CAP ON A MAP THIS SIZE?!The Game has some serious potetional, updated most days and most players comparing it to ARK in space. Which is good. Seriously the build limit and optomising of the game needs to happen ASAP or you will lose a LOT of players early on!!!Keep up the work and im sure it can be something great but fix the big errors and bigs quick!"
,Recommended,402710,29942432,Posted: 15 February,all,[SF]Tooder,For a early access game 10/10
,Recommended,402710,28478930,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Beanbag37,"I've only played for just over an hour so far and I must say, I did enjoy playing. not too many glitches noticed so far and the game runs pretty smoothly. I've only just begun to get a grasp on what to do, the controls seem pretty good and haven't encounted any lag yet. I would recommend this game and I'm looking forward to future updates. Well done to the Devs, Hope you's will stick with future development of this game as it has a mass of potential."
76561198259860698,Recommended,402710,29129190,Posted: 8 January,all,Fallout Schroder001,"So far I am enjoying the game alot.  It has a few bugs, one that I did not see reported is being teleported from the habbitat, sometimes several KMs from my base.  The Keybindings screen should list keys that control the vehicles.  I flew my spaceship into a cliff before I figured out that the right mouse button makes it hover.  I enjoyed the cryptex puzzles but so far I have only received the path light and the Heavy assault riffle.  I hope they add more.  I hate the giant worm and hope I will have an opportunity to kill it.  I can't wait for more content to be added.  Overall a lot of fun."
76561197970275343,Recommended,402710,34485391,Posted: 25 August,all,Winger,"I like it. Its early access - you will eventually meet a content wall. With early access in mind i think its a great game. exploring and alien world,gathering recourses and building a base."
76561198086587368,Recommended,402710,34801438,Posted: 7 September,all,lxgobb,The game is getting better every time they put new content in it. I like the new building options and I also like the new queen bug that is in a mine to fight. the resources are kind of hard to track down the osmium is a real pain to find. but I think with much more polishing it will turn out to be a fine horror/adventure game.I would like to see them make the mines scarier maybe by putting in a bit more gore and maybe some super sneaky bugs.the panels on the cockpit view I think should show information on them since the view is like flying an instrument rated plane for the spaceship. I think when a character starts out there is a serious lack of resources to get started with which I think Is nice. it gives it an authentic feel. this in no way can sum up the entire game it is just a few things that were on my mind about it. I am sure it will turn out even better.
76561198141546102,Recommended,402710,30832029,Posted: 30 March,all,EliteWolf5025,very good i recommend it. They could add something else to the base building.
,Recommended,402710,30837330,Posted: 30 March,all,capitaine_castle,"Great game, beautiful, just need a few adjustements to be really good. Feels like Mass Effect 1, in survival mode.Better in coop."
,Recommended,402710,34567239,Posted: 28 August,all,F8L3RR0R,"I love this game. It truly is a real ""SURVIVAL"" game. It's not easy but it's not insanely difficult to play solo. It will certainly test your ability to survive. Beautiful graphics, amazing game mechanics, controls are smooth and glorious. A must have for anyone who loves Space, Multiplayer, Survival and loads of fun. Amazing game"
,Not Recommended,402710,30910617,Posted: 2 April,all,unc0nn3ct3d,"Pros:- Looks pretty- FPS base building on another planet- Co-op base building- AmbitiousCons:- Buggy buggy buggy, doesn't seem like there's a proper QA pipeline in place at the studio as basic stuff is getting in there preventing enjoyment.- Above mentioned bugs cause you to waste incredible amount of time gather resources just to have them wasted when the item you built doens't appear- Amateur is the word I would describe the networking attempt here.  16 players per server is a joke, especially on a server this size.  When you are playing with a buddy his bot and movement will appear massively laggy while yours is fine- Very little thought was put into balance.  Depos and buildings are way too easy to destroy with a simple hammer.- Combat is not fun in any sense, when you get hit you go flying about- Collision is down right broken, it's impossible to mine for ore at times because of this but melee combat isn't even worth thinking about- Limited weapons- No real purpose to anything at the momentTL:DR = Too buggy and shallow of an experience to be worth $10 let alone $20 or $30, dev's have spent majority of time making things look good, which they do, without seeming to have the chops on the design or network engineering side of things to realize the games potential or even make it fun"
,Recommended,402710,26131440,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,Adam Christmas,awsome game but needs freebuild mode cuz its hardto fing resources or creativemode thanks devs
76561198238328384,Recommended,402710,26625747,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,cryo,As of right now the game takes a very long time to get fun. resources are difficult to find and the game isn't too fun without a lot of friends. I havn't played much but feel like I've seen most of what it has to offer. But it is still early acess so there are a lot of improvements that can be easily made
,Not Recommended,402710,33903486,Posted: 30 July,all,Fachy,People who first play will be confused. because very different from the old one (version)
76561198158536236,Recommended,402710,34815648,Posted: 8 September,all,xRGTx,well for someone like me who loves space games i was a little umm no its not gonna be good.. but then i tryed it and i got to say for a game still early its wicked..im sure more stuff will be aded as we move forward.. but as a start its great...once they can add more places to go ..more stuff to build i think it will take off ..worth haveing ... give it a goo!
76561198095818067,Recommended,402710,29124052,Posted: 8 January,all,EatAHelicopter,"It's pretty decent, it's basically ARK reskinned for Space, which is kind of disappointing because there are a lot of issues with ARK. Please, I beg you, redesign the interface and look of the inventory system, it's so bad..."
69606172646465666,Recommended,402710,28307281,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Nuke,"hey, thats pretty good"
76561197971070008,Recommended,402710,26587792,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Pants,This game has a lot of potential. Definitely one to keep an eye on.
76561198126722603,Recommended,402710,26643077,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,jedailord,"Cool Game!!! Can't wait to see what the devs have planned for it!! Now about the sandstorms , they could last a bit less but the realism and the effects are astounding. Definitely buy it if you want a space survival experience just remember that it is still on early access and is on its infancy yet."
,Recommended,402710,28394879,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,vahinuva,"This game has a really good idea and is well worth trying it isnt complete yet but is still tons of fun even if its is buggy sometimes, that being said it is updated on a regular basis so most of these bugs are fixed quickly the game feel truly like the movie the martian ecept for the aliens, i look foward to the dawn of aziel update as it will add much more content to the game. overall this game is great fun if your willing take the time to get going with it"
,Not Recommended,402710,28533712,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,123,"The whole game feels slow, you move slow, your progress is slow, it gets old fast.  Whats not slow is everything trying to kill you, although all you have to do is keep jumping and nothing can hurt you or just jump on a rock and nothing can touch you. The game could be awesome but as of right now its not even worth pay for during the winter sale."
76561198262866282,Recommended,402710,28571686,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Pinnacle3g,PLEASE PUT AN AUTOSORT BUTTON IN THE GAME ... otherwise the game is pretty good even with a few glitches here and there...
76561198155723498,Recommended,402710,30084298,Posted: 21 February,all,Shlipduk,"This game is lovely, i feel in a horror sci-fi movie, totally worth it.Building, exploring, fighting, working with friends. I loved it!Ovbiously there is a ton of work to do and stuff to fix, but please support this guys,since the game has an amazing potential to be one top seller."
76561198253770259,Recommended,402710,34094837,Posted: 7 August,all,OttoTheAnarchist,"I enjoy this game a lot. It's hard, but its the challenge that brings me back. I haven't even got close to end game items or even built a fully functional home base. I keep getting killed by the crabs and other space beasts. The game has promise and I look forward to every uodate. I support the devs and can only hope a full release within the next 3 years. If not, I understand. But, either way I love this game and have high hopes.The game is a relentless onslaught of crab like space creatures. Ammo runs out way too quickly and the crafting and building is tolerable. But if you like a challenge and you are willing to play a Alpha that is more like a Pre Alpha this game is for you."
76561198354236026,Recommended,402710,34370698,Posted: 20 August,all,toasty pigeon,honestly a good game but it has so little content that it takes about 2-3 days to complete
76561198054991624,Recommended,402710,34411744,Posted: 22 August,all,Pyro,"This game is still under development and its current form does not represent the final product. This i understand so to write a review at this stage as if it was a final product would not be a accurate one. Far as i see so far the game has some bugs but so do alot of games that carry the ""Early Access"" Title.IN ITS CURRENT STATE. The game is a Excellent survival game and it does have that Horror aspect. The story they are working on to drive the exploration of the game foward is even starting to use that horror sound tracks that you hear in movies. Dark lit abandon mines, you walk down the hallway and hear a screeching noise you move toward a door and something runs past it just before you enter. Then it jumps out at you from behind the door and breeches your suit and you panic to seal the hole as it tries to eat you. Very space marine like from the ALIEN Franchise that part. The rest has calm moments and even Funny moments when Trevor The Space Worm jumps out of the ground to eat you. Craft a base and vehicles reminiscent of C&C The harvaster Rover. The fast scout Bike/hover bike or the light armor scout that moves and shoots like those LAV's in deserts of kharak except you are the driver,scout harvest i love it. The worm reminds me of dune. So this game has alot that reminds me of those childhood games.I will recommend it but please keep in mind. The game is still being worked on and the current does not reflect the final product just like this review its all subject to change."
,Recommended,402710,34941177,Posted: 13 September,all,McLovin,"This is definitely a game that will be worth the time to play once it's completed.  The mechanics are sound and what quest line that is available seems to be going in the right direction.  It's rare to see a sandbox game that has all of the elements of a fun game and executes them quite nicely.  This game is still in early alpha, so don't expect to get the full emersion.  But it's on the right track!"
,Recommended,402710,35043036,Posted: 18 September,all,Frog Hat Cat,"The game itself is still early on, but the newest update actually makes it somewhat playable. The devs will need to work on the framedrops, connection issues, and optimizations if this game is going to make it. I realize people want content, but playability goes a long way. The big issue at the moment that needs an immediate fix is the turret volume...if you've played, you know what I'm talking about. I believe its the personnel turrets, but you can hear them almost globally when they go off. . . and they are they loudest, ear destroying, most blood cringingly painful sound you will ever hear.All in all, I have hope for this game. There's a lot you can do with space tailored games, and I think they're heading the right direction at the moment.-> Fix Turret -> Optimize -> Content.Do that and I think the player base will take off.Pick it up while its on sale then give it time to flourish."
76561198257481589,Recommended,402710,35140176,Posted: 22 September,all,✪NayBex✪ シ,its a cool game awesome i could say the graphics and everything make sens but there is no point in this game what i mean is yes you play with your friends you biuld your base when you have biuld everything what you gona do ? ofc go finde anothere game cause there is no more porpuse in the game ... but i would give the game 19 of 10 rating :)
,Recommended,402710,27734823,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Commend Me Please,"Game is good but there are a lot of really lots of BUGS.Night is too long and you cant see anything  with a sand storm.So You cant do anything.Also Fps between 20-30  in lowest graphic settings. My computer is i7, 8 gb, gtx950m.So Just wait until they fix those issues."
76561198137424341,Recommended,402710,25973137,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,PANDOR,THE BEST OF THE BEST SURVIVAL GAMES ON STEAM!!!
76561198011795595,Recommended,402710,25988258,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,SaintHughMungus,bROKE cPT.fRIENDLYS HOUSE WHILE HE WAS OFFLINE. lAUGHED MANICALLY. 8/2
76561198059173635,Recommended,402710,25854201,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,☪⚔Tsar⚔☪,Matt Damon Simulator..
76561198072959291,Recommended,402710,30884946,Posted: 1 April,all,beta3henry,"It's a survival game, so I expected it to be hard, but wow.I couldn't get anything done after 10 hours of gameplay. Yes I had a base, and upgrades, but as soon as I got good ammo, food, and supplies, I started the long hunt for diamonds. Found them! However, I died at the entrance of a cave, a massive horde of monsters were waiting for me outside. (aggro from underground??) So, Rebooted, with no gun, that of course takes diamonds to make.. Ran into the cave with just a pick, (right?!) got the diamonds, again, put it in my robots stash and b-lined it home. I logged out for a break and when I came back.. The robots stash was empty.... #forcekillSo I quit on the game for now (maybe next update). Too many hours of investing just to be left with nothing, due to gliches. Awesome game with the frustration aside."
76561198104412439,Recommended,402710,25764094,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Loders,Still a better love story than no mans sky...........
,Not Recommended,402710,32656023,Posted: 22 June,all,Talross,"Maybe one day, but not today.Once you make a private multiplayer world, you can't delete or reset it. So if you go into a game and your first thought is to go into settings to fix the volume and mouse sensitivity, you missed the window of opportunity to fix your suit before you run out of oxygen -- you're stuck with that world unless you get a friend to make another other one.Shift + RMB = delete items? Was trying to put them into the depository, but now over half my inventory is gone. I don't know if that's an EA bug, or if it's intentional.I love challenges, but the early mobs in this game are too plentiful and too tanky. Mobs that tough need to be avoidable early game; make the player be cautious, let them sneak around or run away. Nope. They're faster than you are. Also, the mobs will come out of nowhere and hunt you down. Your little base isn't safe, which is fine AFTER the player has a chance to get their bearings, but not on day 1, 2, etc (especially not when you die to something at your base and, guess what, you get to die to it again).Maybe the mobs would be more manageable if the lag wasn't so bad, but it is early access. Even with all of the settings on low I can't hit anything.I'd love to try this game again when gameplay and performance are more balanced, but as it is now it's unplayable for me."
,Recommended,402710,25817849,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Squishy,"Shows a lot of promises, but it obviously still needs a lot of work.Right now (first week out on early access), do not expect huge amount of content, which is normal. If you expect to have a lot of things to do, do not buy it yet :)."
,Recommended,402710,25836128,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,The Anti-Feminist,"The gameplay was great but as soon as it got dark my frame rates dropped through the floor down to the twenties and thirties.  I definitely plan on keeping the game, for now, and at least playing 2 hours worth but as of right now I can say besides that I'm pretty damn impressed.Really wish there wasn't a ""structure capacity"" for a planet.  Especially if it seems as if that capacity can all be built in one area by a few people in a very very short period of time.Please fix frame rate issues and structure capacity!"
76561198094284724,Recommended,402710,30841203,Posted: 30 March,all,Duckin Little,"Now that Osiris has updated its game I would say that the game is worth it at full price and is much harder to survive in. Planets have more beasts and vegetations but less ores just lying around everywhere. This makes survival hard and not tedious. This game is fun alone and with friends and multiplayer servers are pretty friendly. Sadly it still takes a while to find a good one.Pros:-Very fun gameplay for over 10 hours-Good controls for vehicles and space ships-Other planets and many creatures to kill-Hard to get food quickly which makes the survival part realistic-Realistic building styles (it isnt just craft it in inventory and place, theres more to it)-Good at adding shoot em up gameplay to survival gameplay-Good devs who are making lots of progress on the gameCons--Like on most survival games, it's hard to find a good server-There is no taming so far which would be cool and was previously promised in old trailer (at least domestic aliens would be cool)-There are still 2 missing classes that would make the game much more interesting-No current difference between UNE and OutlandersWell thats it, I really hope you buy this game to support the devs since they have so far shown to not be ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s. If you dislike this reveiw please comment why and ill try and fix it."
76561198022513787,Recommended,402710,25835680,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,martin_3200,I like game very good i happy buy is very good price some problem have but no matter for me when see support work very good i happy keep work guys very very better no man sky
,Not Recommended,402710,28899917,Posted: 1 January,all,skeezy,"would be great, but no one in the servers, only 18 person server cap, so right now if ur looking for a single player experiance, its great, other then that, ehh"
76561198098266973,Not Recommended,402710,31668500,Posted: 10 May,all,Hubris,"The biggest problem with this game that makes me not want to play anymore is the grind for diamonds. Having to go into a mine 20 times to make it pseudo random spawn you diamonds is a huge waste of time. I got diomonds once and it was like the rarity of the source itself in real life, RARE. So if you consume it, trying to find it again will take you 2-10 hours. Who knows if it will ever spawn again? That feeling is terrible. Its cruscial to making a certain item such as circuit boards which you need to make vehicles. Great game none the less, the traversing on foot is very simulation like as in when you land you stop for a second and then jump or run. The Animals/Mobs are quite realistic. The giant sand worm like monster that jumps across a crater at you is very intense. If you want to feel like you've crash landed on a planet, this game makes you feel it hands down. I tried playing online, only EU servers are poplulated. So the pings were crap, I had a shootout witha  guy and could barely hit him and vise versa. And theres barely anyone playing online to begin with. If they made resources more available without having to consume your entire weekend and or life, this cgame would be great."
76561198010630564,Not Recommended,402710,31906198,Posted: 22 May,all,Eluwien,"Great looking game, decided to jump in and try it with friends.1st night, horrible creatures jumping on us from all directions, good wibes, got scared there for a while.2nd day, build stuff, get ready for the night3rd day, have about everything we can build, realize we dont have carbon or lithium to progress4th day, figure out that they can only be found in one place, a mine. Mine is bugged, cannot be completed with friends, only solo works (monsters are bugged to hell)5th day, raid the mine, get resources together, build a rover and space ship, both say ""saving error, trying again in 2 seconds"". Try everything, it doesn't work, online reports say that its a common bug cannot be fixed.Fun experience while it lasted, map is the size of a stamp tho, there are in total 5 different enemies, resources are stupidly placed, the map is boring as hell to explore. Buildings are pretty, those total of 5 there are (excluding crafting stations).It's maybe worth 6 dollars of fun, not 20, not even close. Cant recommend at this stage of development"
,Not Recommended,402710,32146959,Posted: 3 June,all,Vonschiessa,"Like many others, I really wanted to love this game. I just got a new laptop so I was pumped to play it and the graphics run great. It's just too much of a grind at the beginning. I don't have any problem with tracking down supplies and the like, if it takes time to get them that's fine. But at least please make them accessible. They're almost impossible to find without using the wiki or guide, and running for who knows how long to get there. The crafting isn't very satisfying and dying from lack of water (as even standing in a lake won't let you get any) as you desperately try to find said materials is just annoying.Those are my main points. If you are going to make the world huge, fine, go for it. Big worlds are awesome. But don't make us traverse the massive world on foot to try and find the basic materials we need to start actually enjoying the game.I'll keep an eye on it and hope that it gets better, but for now I don't plan to play this again.Good Luck Devs!"
76561198082918184,Recommended,402710,32302596,Posted: 9 June,all,Bjarki,"Beautiful, rich, depth game with a lot of potential judging from its current Early Access alpha state (EA). There are so many good things to say about this game, and of course it has some problems which every EA game has.Imagine if the movie The Martian (2015) became a videogame - and added alien life forms to it! That's exactly how i felt after trying it out. The visuals and graphics are amazing, the better your GPU/graphics card is, the better the game gets. The crafting system is good, you get rewarded for exploring and you get to fight aliens in the open world and in the newly added mines (dungeon system). Unfortunately, the survival element is not quite finished but i believe the devs have plans to expand it.Though you can tell it's not finished, the gameplay is still solid, and on a single player universe there is about 12-16 hours of quality progressive gameplay, with the moons Proteus 2 and Aziel available. (A LOT more to come)There are bugs, no doubt, but that's what you can expect from early access games!I can definitely recommend this game!"
,Recommended,402710,32524265,Posted: 17 June,all,Bigsky,"If you have ever thought your life is going too well and you need to ""slow the roll"", give this game a play."
76561198170254461,Not Recommended,402710,32556705,Posted: 18 June,all,Billy Herrington,"in the short time I got to play the game, i was faced with endless waves of sitting in my inflateable tent and being attacked day and night. sounds like good content but not when you have starting poop for weapons and want to build an actual home but dont know how to find glass or other resources. the running is what I hated the most as you lost all momentum when you jumped and you also can hardly even change the direction youre running while you run. Has potential, but not enough for me."
76561198119198788,Not Recommended,402710,33504120,Posted: 13 July,all,Kawaii Hitler,.
,Not Recommended,402710,33743963,Posted: 23 July,all,Gokuofuin,Lags like a ♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,402710,34919088,Posted: 13 September,all,NiCK,"good game, i like it so far.framerate: goodmechanics: good"
76561198154145919,Recommended,402710,35029022,Posted: 17 September,all,Nathan Explosion,More content plz
76561198083062413,Not Recommended,402710,28957828,Posted: 2 January,all,bloodettefr,24 hours of serv downime without communication.This says a lot about the dev implication and experience
,Recommended,402710,25874539,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,เชเช่,>create universe>create your character>start game>suit breach>use duck tape>suit work properly>begin to survive>found potato in dropbox>feel like as Matt damon in Martian
76561198130238664,Recommended,402710,25860531,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,teh.FunKiller,"Aww Man, No Sky Yo!Buy it!"
76561198017077711,Recommended,402710,25794378,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Minhty,It's cool i like it
76561198013475377,Recommended,402710,25879599,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Knyn,yes
76561198012907542,Recommended,402710,25786078,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Souma,"The overall gameplay is fine but as it is early access I cant complain to the current state as it is much more playable than many early access games ive also owned.So the gameplay itself is great, I didnt experience much lag or bugs in my time but the game is just not for me as it is.I will make another review once it is offically released."
,Not Recommended,402710,29680413,Posted: 3 February,all,Sodium Detector,"Currently this game's Devs cant seem to get one thing thats kinda a big deal, fixed. That one thing is not being able to delete your private server. Which has been missing sense oct/26/2016. It is now 2017 and the last message we got was ""we are looking in to it"" basicly. I cant really use my server due to being messed up beyond repair. There is no manual fix for this either. So as of right now until thats fixed I say STAY AWAY from this game."
,Recommended,402710,32803120,Posted: 25 June,all,CaptainZod,"Overall I love this game so far.Crafting:Really nice except for the lack of a crafting queue of some kind.  I don't like the fact that I have to stand there and hold a mouse button down to craft every ingot, piece and/or component one at a time insted of queing up several ingots in the forge so that I can run off and mine more or build something else.Graphics:The rendering engine creates some pretty amazing visuals. The ability to change the ""scion"" settings makes for some really interesting variations on what is rendered. Very nice.Multiplayer:I had a lot of fun playing in a Private Universe with a friend.  When you start a private game/universe it is like creating a private server where when one of your ""Colony"" members are logged in they can continue playing even if the player who created the private game instance is not online. Very nice.AI / Aliens:My personal opinion... The locals make the game pretty hard to get anywhere right from the beginning.  Every time I pounded a mining node I would get chased by some oversized trilobyte or if I did not run killed.  I watched some videos online which seemed to show that there had been changes made regarding the starting conditions.  Maybe it is a bit out of balance or maybe I'm just a noob.Either way I will be playing a lot of this one.  Thanks devs.  Well worth the 15 bucks."
,Recommended,402710,34394513,Posted: 21 August,all,QuickArt,"This game is worth to play in singleplayer, even in multiplayer! Best grafics i've ever seen."
76561198047838896,Recommended,402710,34940297,Posted: 13 September,all,cLAy_piGeon,"its ok , got a long way to go , but it's ok. worth the 16 bucksthat i payed for it."
76561198238806640,Not Recommended,402710,28390500,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Necrom,"I really like this Game.Its a good Game.Its a fun GameAtleast that it was.Till the Dev`s ruined itAnd they managed it without beeing greedy.Thats truly pathetic.Instead of giving the Playerbase a choice, if they want this to become a hardcore game, or a game, which can be played and enjoyned by more than 0.00000002% of global population, they completely destroyed its mining-system, welcome to the ****ing grind.Its sad. Cause I think a lot of people enjoyed this game.Devs are making combat harder....well, maybe fix combat first, so the motion blurr, does not retard you from doing sh.wow, such game.And, even if you buy this overpriced early acces game..... SAY BY TO YOUR DATA.Unlike every other Game Devellopper, these ones cant update a game, without wiping the servers.After all this negativity lemme tel you smth. This game has a lot of potential.But for that, it might need to get friendly to a bigger variety of players."
76561198283919910,Recommended,402710,30500279,Posted: 13 March,all,StarFish602,this is bs that you that you but a timer on the stuff i build and if you are not on for that time it goes abandon that suck that need to be fix.
,Not Recommended,402710,30864091,Posted: 31 March,all,RIP Petyr Baelish,"Straight to the point, I DO recommend this game BUT NOT right now and NOT for full price. I got the game with 20% off and i still don't think its worth it yet. if you get the game right now you'll only have a day or couple of hours of gameplay. There is much to learn but not to do. i know what you're going to say, its in early access but yes i still expected more than what is being offered here. For the price you are basically buying into a concept of a what could be a good game.What you get as of 1st of april 2017:you get one planet, a bit of space asteroid exploration, and on that one planet you have a bit of land to explore while the rest just being a dry baron desert. This includes a couple thousand meters of trees, ores, couple of caves, farmable gas sources, couple of craters and 5 or 6 living life forms on your planet. the giant worm is a scripted event and is not random which i thought it was. big dissapointment on the worm. Granted the game looks super nice, even at low settings, the animations are really good suprisingly, and the soundtrack is really good but thats all there is to be honest. The aliens don't do much in terms of attacking you. on the hardest difficulty it is hard but only at the beginning. once you get a turret or two up the game becomes quite easy, you can hide in your buildings or jump onto your buildings and the aliens won't be able to do a thing. maxing out alien difficulty isn't much of a challenge after a couple of hours, trust me i played maxed difficulty from the beginning.Honestly the game does have a ton of potential so lets hope the devs can make it happen!Ideas for devs:stop limiting what players can do -Not being able to build two inflatable starter bases in close proximity is rubbish, why would you even put a limit on that?Not being able to connect multiple habitats together isn't really a good thing for players, these could be used as storage rooms or extra rooms for anything else as well as allowing players to expand their base. theres one base you can find thats not player built with what looks like multiple habitat rooms connected and as a player you can't create anything close to what that looks like. you can build a basic base of 1 habitat and 3 connected rooms."
,Recommended,402710,34566090,Posted: 28 August,all,addx9,"(Beta review) This Game is what No Man's Sky SHOULD have been like. After starting the Beta in the morning, I no lifed the game until i had made a space ship. The gameplay until that point was challenging and exciting as well as hard work which gave me the sense of accomplishment and excitement! Then came the spaceship and space travel. Wow. The developers have somehow have been able to take the best parts of No Man's Sky, Empyrion and Elite Dangerous and have mixed them together to create a beautiful game universe where attention to detail resides in every signle part of the game. With this only being in beta stage, this game feels and plays like no other and is certainly a game to keep an eye out for with these superb developers! Thanks guys!"
76561198034143880,Recommended,402710,34414608,Posted: 22 August,all,PocketRocket69,looks interesting but its not ready yet. hope it will be soon.
76561197997885411,Recommended,402710,34572954,Posted: 29 August,all,Bishop,This game is amazing unique !!!  no more comments :Dgood luck  devs !!! <3
,Not Recommended,402710,29111776,Posted: 8 January,all,BAM5,"Skill tree climber. Non procedural map, space is pretty pointless and isn't even a seemless transition, you fly up, hit a button, then map load. Once in space, going back to ground is similar, you fly to the side of the space map that has the planet in its skybox essentialy, then press a button. Once you climb the skill tree there is nothing to do in the game. When you find another players base you can't raid it or anything, just destroy their stuff which has no benefit other than being a♥♥♥♥♥♥ Enemies all seem to have a very similar A.I.. Your assistant is pretty much just a moving inventroy that gets stuck a lot, all other functions seem like they don't work, either because ai or just complete lack of existance. Map appears to be pretty small, at least the map with resources on it. If you go beyod a certain point there are no more resources or environment, just empty polygon ground texture. Seems like someone took a bunch of prebuilt code libraries and put them into a game which sure added some nice things like weather effects, a planet, a movement system, etc, but it doesn't feel like there was much done with the actual coding of the game itself.The worst part is that it took a while to figure this out because when you first start playing, the game seems alright, the small area isn't so small when your on foot, but once you invest 4 or so hours you get a hover bike, then, once you get your base set up to the point where you want to go exploring outside of the local resources (~10 hours in), you find out there's nothing to explore, space is crap, and finding and raiding others is pointless.Now here I am 10 hours in and have come to the realization just how ""unfinished"" the game is. Going to attempt a refund. Definitely not going to buy a game just from looking at the developer provided content on the store page again, especially for early access...I will give it this. The feel of the game when first starting out was pretty good. But after realizing it wasn't a procedural environment (populating a whole planet with resources and decorative items would have to be) I began to realize this game is not the thing I thought I was buying.I'm just going to stick with Space Engineers. Now that is a great space game... IF THEY WOULD JUST FIX THEIR BUGS :| (Note, I haven't played in a month and hear they just went into beta with some huge bug fixes, fingers crossed they fixed the big bugs! :D) See, I'm not just giving a bad review because this game is early access. I've had space engineers for a couple years now, it's been 100% worth the money, even if I had to be patient with bugs, and it has been in early access right up until a few weeks ago. This game however, is not worth the money. At least not yet, and not for a while."
,Not Recommended,402710,31042670,Posted: 9 April,all,123,"Approx 10 hours of content. Nice looking game, low features but already fairly polished. Would wait until it has more features or the development team joins forces with another company to get some real progress!"
76561198054541949,Recommended,402710,34626679,Posted: 30 August,all,Larry Thorne,"Fantastic game.  Atmosphere is great, crafting is great, music is great, combat is okay, if you like space adventures this is a game for you ... nice work.  And it's only in Alpha, Ithink Bate since last week ....A small update ... the game was great while I was exploring Proteus 2 (the starting planet).  Played it super carefull and had no deaths in the first 27 days .. it was truly fantastic experience.  Then I built a spaceship ... that was fantastic ... I took a night off, stacked up on suppllies and wanter to truly enjoy the experience of piloting for the first time ... so nervous .. could I pilot this ship from the very first? Took off ... headed at the nearest mountain at 200kmh, heart pounding, hands holding the control as hard as I could ...  trying to veer hard right ... just missed the first peak but now there was another and no time to slow time ... veer hard left and pary.... I could see all my hard work coming to an end in a violent crash but instead ... I BOUNCED OFF THE MOUNTAIN AT 200 kmh ... BOUNCED OFF??? ... ship was fine ... I was fine ... what the %$%^#& .. ruined a three day beautifull journey .. I should have died in a blazing ball of fire ... but no .. you can not crash the ship ... you also can not land it properly because you can't see where the f you are relative to the ground ... what a disappointment ... I'm ready to uninstall the game ...Went back and read some other reviews .. I think that the negative one's are on the money ... I have no idea who would call this game difficult ... I mean I have played games for a long time but after dying once to a giant worm, one of the highligh of the game,  I never died again ... It's now a thumbed down banging rocks simulator ... There are very nice elements but none of them act together in a way that would force the player to make difficult decisions ... f.ex take the tech tree is nice, but it does not really matter which tech you choose because no matter which order you choose you will get all the techs anyway ... so you can just choose any of them in any order... again ... the resources which are nice respawn so it does not matter which you mine or where you build your base because eventually you will get them all anyway no matter which decision you  make on base placement... the whole game seems like this ... no matter what you decide it will be the correct decision because the choices do not matter at all ... this all begs the question ""why am I playing this game anyway if no matter what I do I am doing it correctly?""Deleting game and logging developer as not catering to my tastes ..Epilogue ; survival games should be games in which it is hard to survive ... HELLO ... how hard is that to understand? .. I think the gaming industry is like any other big industry .. in but a few games everything is thumbed down to the lowest common denominator...  and then to just make sure every moron is able to complete the game lower the level of difficulty even more ....Postscript:  This game reminds me of No Man's Skye ... oh well ... wonder when StarCitizen is being released?"
76561198247557558,Recommended,402710,34693881,Posted: 2 September,all,Tony_Guy_51,FANTASIC
,Recommended,402710,34763878,Posted: 5 September,all,orionaries,"I am very impressed with the experience of the game. It's a bit like Mine Craft, and farming for goods is very fun. But how do I download the Architechture update? I can not find the download button anywhere. Anyways, nice job for what you have done so far! You have talent and imaginative thinking working for you."
76561198301334402,Recommended,402710,34864255,Posted: 10 September,all,netherwolf303,if you dont mind horror and/or grinding then this is the game for youi got it coz its first person+ base building
76561197963516055,Not Recommended,402710,26625656,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Kiros,"Really tried to give this game a chance. There's currently a major issue where your buildings don't save in a private universe. So there's no point to playing with friends in your own world.I decided to join a public server. There were people trying to meet up. I wanted to join them. They gave me the coordinates and I was on my way to meet up. I spent about 30 minutes using the awful map system to try and nagivate towards them. Only to be killed by two crab monsters that just gang up on you. Well I died, that sucks. Well it spawned me where I originally was, nowhere near my body. I decided to give up at this point. Not wanting to spend another 30 minutes just wandering and trying to use the terrible map tool to figure out if my coordinates were going the right way.The aliens that are currently in are unique but easily exoitable by jumping onto a building and shooting at them. There's not too much of a challenge if you find a place to build a structure. Just a matter of mining, building and shooting random aliens that literally spawn in near you.This game will probably be a really solid experience when it is finished. As of now, it needs time to grow and I can't recommend it."
,Recommended,402710,28346486,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Sapphire,"Spent some time adjusting the options. Started up a game, fell through the floor.5/7 would fall again."
76561198085202557,Recommended,402710,32770064,Posted: 25 June,all,WhiskeyJack1200,"Osiris New Dawn is a new and exciting way to look at Space and the Galaxy as a whole. It's a game where you start out very early on in the stone age but after a rough struggle you begin to really progress and begin to make a lovely home for you and your fellow colonists. You go from planet to planet expanding your colony and fighting the inhabitants of those worlds. This is a very early access game but from my extensive experience in playing early access titles - Dayz standalone, 7 days to die, Miscreated and various other titles I can honestly say this is one of the more worked on titles. People complain about how it lacks content. Its an early access game it says in the damn title. ""Will lack content as not finished"" so you shouldn't expect a finished game from here. Having played this game from the moment it was released and watched it change over the many months it has been out it is coming along very nicely.You now have four classes to choose from and each one is vital to the game and your colony. You start in the stone age and you work your way up till you are eventually in space with your own space ship and station building away.This game is by the most fun survival game I have played as its not done a lot. You won't find many space orientated survival games as most are about the pvp and the zombies even Miscreated choosing to go for a more apocaplytic outlook on surviving does not compare to Osiris. It is an early access game it is very limited but from what you can do and what this game will become it is a very awesome game indeed. If you love the look of the game then play it. If you want a game that has no bugs no issues no problems.....Well you won't find one. Osiris has lots of problems but for an early access game you cannot complain about it. As what it currently has and what it can and will have in the future outweighs any problems nowI recommend this to ANYONE"
,Not Recommended,402710,33875678,Posted: 29 July,all,Mase,Latest changes have made this game impossible to play as it should be.  Skills tree has been messed up and level ups are not what they use to be.  I cannot honestly recommend this game in its current state.  Please look elsewhere.
76561198020394483,Recommended,402710,34595396,Posted: 29 August,all,The Unity Beast,Started out fun and never has stopped. Nothing will make you do more laundry then crab monsters coming over the hills. <3
,Recommended,402710,26025047,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Proximity memes,"Here's my experience so far.Click launch.Oooh god this is laggy.Man, i can't wait to get in!*3 hours later* WHEN WILL THIS LOAD*another 3 hours later* OMG I FINALLY LOADED*computer dies* AW COME ON!whelp. what a great experience"
,Recommended,402710,25746758,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,LittleBoss,"Insane that this was made by just a few people. The potential for this game is huge, and based on the developers actions so far, I don't doubt this game will become the next big thing.Think No Man's Sky, just, you know....not garbage. It's space survival done right, and I can't wait to see it progress!"
,Not Recommended,402710,31869154,Posted: 20 May,all,Polys,"this game would have been perfect for me and my friends if it didn't run like♥♥♥♥♥♥, believe me it does NOT need a 980 , it's badly optimized , my 970 can barely go above 60 and with all settings on medium to low ... i can't deal with peasantry framerates in 2017 ... refunded after 30 minutes cause it's painful to play ... back to the steam page ... i must find something similar to this that runs better ..."
,Not Recommended,402710,30882869,Posted: 1 April,all,ShrimpKing,"It worked before the March 31st update, now it gets stuck at the menu when I start the game. Keyboard and mouse are completly unresposive when i try to click anything. No single player or other options appear just the word ""Start"" in the middle."
76561198046656251,Not Recommended,402710,30910248,Posted: 2 April,all,zempter,"Just started, cool game so far but there are a few things that irritated me a little.1. Mining resources was a pain, I had to move around to find the sweet spot on the rocks to hit otherwise nothing happened, I found out that if I crouched I had a better chance at mining the resource.2. I am pretty sure that half the time I get in a combat situation, some reason my character movement is like I am walking in mud for no reason.3. My droid is getting stuck a lot, when I tell him to follow or when I tell him to mine.4. A better introduction system would be good, my first try playing I suffocated because I had no idea what I was doing and my suit started with a breach.It is a cool environment though, the rain and the storms look sweet, the monsters are intimidating. Some people have mentioned they would like a better warning system for attack, but I think the surprize is good, I just keep my droid with me as a warning system, that works fine. I'm looking forward to updates.If I could post a 'maybe' recommend I would, but with the development still needed, I don't think I would recommend the game at this time. Later I think I would."
,Not Recommended,402710,30866020,Posted: 31 March,all,Aeon,"Decided to pick the game up with the 20% discount for me and a friend since this game has co-op.Pros:looks pretty on max settingsbase building with claims and building degradationingame HUD better than most early access games.Decent performanceServers are hosted by the developersCons:Menu design is terrible. Like next level. You can only edit your server after creating a new character and cancelling the character creation. There is currently no way to reset or delete a server sessionInviting people to a server is only possible via editing the server settings (aka method listed above)Default server settings are way to high in terms of alien infestation, aliens attack every 1-2 minutes, no chance to build anythingNo tutorial, just a few notes when you join the server for the first time.Material gathering system is clunky and extremely grindy RNG based.Laggy servers and as a result extremely random/jerky alien movementProgression system (skill tree) is very WIP, confusing to use.Combat is extremely clunky, can't switch weapons while moving or using the jetpack which is neccessary to avoid being killed.Desync issues between clientsOverall I regret the purchase, I like games like ARK and Space Engineers so this looked right up my alley. But the game is pretty much a tech demo at this point, maybe playable in a few years.Would rate 4/10 after around 5.5 hours"
76561197995659501,Not Recommended,402710,31136710,Posted: 14 April,all,gludar,"Very very slow development. The devs do not interact with the community. The game has next to no content in it. The updates they push out are very underwhelming.  I don't see this game making it through early access. Mosty gaves have a small window to keep their audience involved. These guys just don't care in the least about the people testing and backing this game and it's very apparent with the lack of updates, content and communication. I would label this as a cash grab.  I'd love for the devs to prove me wrong, but I doubt it. I would wait 2-3 years before picking this one up as it needs a mountain of work still and the devs just don't seem interested in creating this game they sold."
,Not Recommended,402710,33999300,Posted: 3 August,all,[DUTY] ★ Col. Ostrovsky,"At first I was impressed with everything but as I got further into the game it got boring very fast, I tried all the difficulties, and Infested Difficulty on the hardest Setting, it was still a cake walk, there's a lack of AI/NPC's theres absolutly no challenge to the game, even during night there's no need to stay indoors because there's hardly any AI moping around so it's as safe as it is durning the Day.The planet is very small it only takes about 20 minutes to run accross it than it's flat desert the same with the new Planet, it's slightly bigger but there's no NPCs/AI on it as far as I saw and barly any resources, you'd think a new planet would have different kind's of life forms roaming about possibly even more difficult and bigger ones, perhaps the size of those worms that come leaping out the ground (I was caught by suprised the first 2 times then after that they were easy to avoid)I feel there should be NPCs that you just want to plain avoid, giant ones almost Titan sized that slowly roam the planet.The gameplay get's very Repetative and after 4 hours it does get very Boring.The Physics are great aswell as the animations/gameplay, it's fun for the first 4 hours, it really is but then at that point you've basically done everything and there's really nothing else to do other than collect more resources and build more thing's you already have.Overall the game need's much improvment and is in my opinion very far from leaving Early Access.7/10-Excelsius"
,Recommended,402710,31404358,Posted: 27 April,all,Mtr0,"WROTE ON 4/27/17Before I start let me just say that this game is absolutely beautifulLet's get to the good things about this game first :First off, the PvE combat is wonderful, easy to manuever around the monsters and keep out of their mandibles or whatever. the PvP, however I have not tried as I am not a huge fan of PvP in these types of games, unless it's Rust, that's different. I love the building mechanic, it's simple enough to get the job done and complicated enough to build what you want, where you want. The vehicles are great, granted I have not played with them since they just updated the game a few days ago.Bad parts:The new update reworks the first planet and adds a ton of new vegetation and WATER!! something that was nonexistant beforehand. the new vegetation destroyes my GPU, a GTX 1070. I used to run the game in 4k and max settings with no issues and now I cannot run the game in 1080p on default settings. No idea why, other than possible bad optimisation. This was a huge for me as that was on the selling points for me as a game, ran on my setup(on my profile if interested) at 4k without any issues. Another issue I'm having is with the Crab monster things. For some reason they die at half health or something like that, they still have a considerable amout of health left when they die. Small issue, but somewhat annoying. Another small issue, is the backwards audio. I don't really understand this at all.I love this game and all it has to offer, it could really be what No Man's Sky was supposed to be. Side note: the developers are amazing and ate very involved in the community, listening to what we as players have to say.UPDATE: as of 6/6/2017 they fixed the optimization and the oddly backwards audio."
76561198081925037,Not Recommended,402710,31670479,Posted: 10 May,all,Stray Cat O w O,"New update ruined the game, wait for fixes. Waited 2 hotfixes, major issues aren't fixed yet. Don't buy!"
76561197981505226,Recommended,402710,32358094,Posted: 11 June,all,Bibo,"**Edited after the ""Open Beta"" fiasco..O:ND is a big, beautiful, weird and wild world of a game with absolutely huge potential.  As an early Beta release, it had the trappings of all the latest & greatest of survival games and a whole swath of immersive content yet to come.As it is now,the latest release is mistakenly called ""Open Beta"".  A small ""woops"" from the devs, because you have to own the game - but frankly, that's what you should be doing anyway.From the moment you crash-land on ""Proteus 2"", you're frankly buggered. It's daytime in the desert, and your suit is leaking air.Luckily you've got some duct tape!  But night will be drawing in soon, you need to grab what you can from the wreckage of your landing pod and hightail it to the nearest firm ground before the local fauna start taking a very unhealthy interest in you..That first night, squatting sadly in your tiny survival dome, perched on some ignominious mound of dirt a million miles from help and surrounded by a bunch of alien nightmares hell-bent on your demise, it's easy to think ""Heck, this is too much.  I give up.""In fact, you'll be thinking that more than once, because Osiris: New Dawn is NOT an easy game if you play it on the current default settings.  So a word to the wise: at the time of writing, you'll be best served to dial down the creature spawn/toughness settings to their lowest just to get time to explore and enjoy the breathtakingly beautiful world that Fenix Fire have created.It has to be said - there's a fair amount of grind involved at the moment.  A lot of ""chisel work"" is required, running around mining metal nodes and fending off indignant monsters, before you can start building the various structures you need to make life a bit easier - and safer.But it's SO worth the effort.  The moment you've finally found enough Plutonium to build your first ""Forge"" and start refining  metal ores into ingots, is the moment you actually start to believe you might indeed have a chance to survive this beautiful nightmare.  And the day you're finally able to put the crude makings of a proper habitat into the ground.. well, I can't explain how relieved that made me at least.This is a stonking, challenging, huge undertaking.  A diamond in the rough, which I would encourage and urge you all to buy into because this gem is going to be a game-changer in its genre."
76561198267653674,Recommended,402710,25793378,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,tharrios,"First off, this game is decent compared to what has been releasing recently. The visuals are nice and it can set a creepy atmosphere pretty well at night. If you are looking for a new survival crafting game then I recommend it. I myself have had no problems with crashes thus far."
,Recommended,402710,25865277,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Eto Hige,I like it and I like the direction its going. I look forward to the things that come to this game in to future.
76561198002581688,Recommended,402710,25803143,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,zoneman,can eney one help as i donot now how to colect the gas
76561198087379233,Recommended,402710,25865211,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,XkoaruX,the game stil in alpha but if u love gathering n base building n pvp like ark u should try it
,Not Recommended,402710,28196831,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,MikeGSD,"Trailer make this game look so good, was pretty excited to play it so went and purchased it. You are given very few bullets to start out, and are required to mine **** loads just to make a storage chest. Each time you begin mining you are going to get attacked in the back by one of the local monsters, who are overpowered, and will kill you because you ran out of ammo after fighting the first two creatures. Resources are unbalanced and hard to find what you need to complete the first few missions. After 3 hours the grinding is way over the top and thats just to get your early base going nevermind the advance  good stuff. Recycle bin it goes with no mans sky :P"
,Recommended,402710,34695597,Posted: 2 September,all,Deathmckilly,This game has amazing potential and already is great fun to play with friends.
76561198387047196,Recommended,402710,34722381,Posted: 3 September,all,guardianmarkii,"By far one of the greater space games I have ever played. Even though it is still in development, it has a lot of potetial. I am very excited to see how this game progresses in the future.11/10 would pay more for it."
,Not Recommended,402710,30056847,Posted: 20 February,all,CmdrWarSong,"Osiris: New DawnA final verdict of an Alpha game.TL: DR; At the 25 dollar price point don't bother. It's not complete. Not even close. Improvements have been made. But the devs have yet to validate the price of admission.Give it another year of core mechanic updates.Visuals:Even with the low res textures and low poly terrain the game looks damn good. You'll find gaps in the map further away from the typical spawn points. This is forgivable since you really have to travel pretty far afield and a long while before those cracks show up. The alien creatures are well detailed. The structures are also given the right amount of attention. This includes the textures which many similar games tend to skimp on. Your little droid companion is also lovingly assembled with the same care put into the player model which is spectacular. Even third person view doesn't do the player model justice. While playing with friends you might catch yourself admiring the graphical fidelity and fluidity of their characters. This comes at a cost. There is very little customization you can make to your avatar beyond recoloring components of the pressure suit. At the time I played the game there was no way to recolor other assets in the game. Being able to produce a custom skin for your assault rifle and handgun would have been a real hook for some. The weapons and tools also enjoy rich modeling with emission effects, particles and mapping that lets you visually differentiate between metals and polymers. I also recently noticed you character leaves tracks in the terrain. Sadly they do not persist for long.Sounds:The sound track is gentle. Almost cautiously so. Though it added to the aire of survival it also made tasks feel slow. The satisfying if repetitive slam of the mining tool fits in just as well as the whir of the multi-tool. The handgun shares the zap of the gun on the droid companion and both make satisfyingly crunchy sound when they score a hit on a hostile. When you character tires from running there is an aggressive but not intrusive panting sound that intensifies with more stress. The Head Up Display inside your character's helmet also give off several distinct warning tones. The music is also contextual. When mining or exploring the audio track sticks to softer pieces of the background music selection. It ramps up nicely and delivers a musical queue when hostiles are close. When your suit takes damage the puncturing sound is rightfully jarring and jolts the player into evasive action. When healing yourself or patching your suit there's a calming tone as your HUD acknowledges the change in state and reflects the repairs. Resource gathering and item construction also have their own set of satisfying tones. They do an adequate job of letting you know that you've made progress on your current task.Game play:I've stated this in so many place: I wanted to love this game. It's just not there yet. It was a love at first sight situation. The relationship started well but dysfunctions began to show up right away. As fixes have been made the severity of these issues has gone down. But there's still much ground to cover. The list of issues would resemble a diss-track by a popular rap artist. I'll ballpark as much as I can. Because outside of these problems in mechanics I see a lot of potential. First issue would be difficulty. Even at low spawn rates and lowered hostility the alien creatures are a tough bunch. You need items from them to craft weapons suitable to dispatch them without wasting ammo or risking losing a valuable gun. Even a salvaged knife would be a welcome addition if it could 1-hit immature mobs. A sharpened bit of wreckage with a salvaged rubber handle would do. As a child I made shurikens from laminated steel with tin snips. I'll take a few of those. When it comes to resources there's no guide telling you how to gather gases or liquids. Some basic materials become very hard to come by such as carbon. Being able to consume tree bark in a furnace to produce char and refine that into carbon would be a life saver. Getting raw lead from veins of radioactive material would also be beneficial. If I must travel to find these resources how about early in the game we have a craft-able hover pack upgrade for distance travel or some sort of rover? The map tool is useful but it doesn't really seem to scan for minerals. Even a hint in a direction to go to find carbon and lead would be nice. Having to rely on a Wiki page to find resources kills any immersion. In my last play of the game there were still different types of alien meat that do not provide benefits beyond reducing hunger. Why do we need over half a dozen meats that produce an equal amount of individual cooked meats? You could get back a lot of valuable UI space just condensing those into 'alien meat' and 'grilled alien meat'. This simple change would not disrupt immersion unless meat for specific mobs had special benefits associated with them.This game has sadly turned into another Grav for me. An empty sandbox with no one else willing to play in it. You might get lucky and find a shard of glass or a cat turd in it. But if you sift through it hoping for a real gem your going to be disappointed until the dev takes on player feedback and makes changes needed to make the game worth 25 dollars on Steam. Quite honestly I would have asked for a refund. Unfortunately the game was donated. Apologies to the donor."
76561198097140269,Not Recommended,402710,33919967,Posted: 30 July,all,BRAAAAAP Stutututu,♥♥♥♥
76561198243846898,Recommended,402710,25760736,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Henry Every,Played over 5hrs tonight. Was not disappointed. Haven't tried multi-player so can't comment on that.Worth the $28.
,Recommended,402710,28479719,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,CassetteTape,It's fun. Only downside is the grind.
76561197991698116,Not Recommended,402710,34269152,Posted: 15 August,all,Valant,"Had this game for a while and loved it back during its earlier alpha stages.However, now after the most recent updates, along with my save file from previous being deleted, cannot recommend this game to anyone.The game was a huge chore to get resources before, but now it seems like the developers of this game wanted you to grind even more by not even being able to build your main base at first, instead having you make a camp fire and stone hut like a cave man in a space suit before getting to the much cooler, more fun aspects of the game (this is even worse as the rocks you need as buiding blocks are not in chunks like the rest of the resources, but independent items you pick up one at a time).I will say that this game has some great potential. Graphically it is amazing with an incredible atmosphere, and playing it with your friends could make that experience even greater. However, with this constant state of having characters deleted after updates, and increased amounts of grinding, I cannot recommend this.Not until there is an update which helps remedy these issues."
,Recommended,402710,25946722,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Aplix,Literally one of the best games ive ever played
76561198030752525,Not Recommended,402710,30904406,Posted: 2 April,all,HoosierHawk,"I just bought this game and I feel I wasted $20.  This game has basic bugs that make it unplayable.  Bugs that should have been caught in the simplest of QA processes.   The bug that ruins it for me is an inventory transfer bug.  If you do not release the mouse button EXACTLY in the center of the inventory square or quick slot your item gets stuck in the middle of the screen and is lost.  If a meteorite hits when your are transfering an item, YOU'RE SCREWED.  If you get attacked when trying to transfering an item, YOU'RE SCREWED. If you just simply accidently let up off the mouse button while dragging, YOU'RE SCREWED.  Being that some items require resources that can be really hard to get, like diamonds,  this completely ruins the game for me.   There are other bugs such as 'Droid follow' which is useless cause the droid gets stuck on everything and has to be constantly babysitted.  Arachnids are able to clip and spit through walls.   Other clipping issues, etc.  Yes this game is Alpha but it has been in development for months and if simple issues affecting basic functionality like this Inventory bug are making it past QA it doesn't hold much promise for the future."
76561198087636633,Not Recommended,402710,31595333,Posted: 6 May,all,3015% Better Than You <3,"you devs need to stop adding more empty space to an already empty map and work on getting the A.I and collisions fixed or at least polished.i decided to test to see how much map you guys have decided to add that has a total of 0 features,  my player is standing at200.7 long 202.2 lat   and  im around 20000m away from the ""mainland"" dont focus on making the map bigger or pretty, if you just polish up on what you already have this game would be great"
76561198051374638,Not Recommended,402710,31424094,Posted: 28 April,all,GKTRK,There are too many bugs in the game. After 2 weeks of gameplay I lost eveything I achived just after the update just because of extreme silly bugs. I am very dissapointed with the game which I pay instead of using early access. Actually idea is good but somehow it ruined totally..
,Not Recommended,402710,32151395,Posted: 3 June,all,Professor,"RUBBISH GAMEPLAY - 1/10What a major dissapoinment! I waited 6+ months before buying to hopefully get some sort of fun out of this game but turns out was hopeless expectation. The game is broken and wont allow you to find basic items needed to complete basic bulidings unless you search for frggin hours and hours - what total BS....after 9 hours playing - killing more than 4 dozen crawalers, making 200+ bandages, cooking 100+ meat the game still wont work as it should - such a lot of rubbish.The game is only Alpha - yadda yadda - yes I know that but it at least should be playable...which it isnt. I am seriously thinking about getting a refund as its broken currently and not worth $5 at the moment... maybe worth $1 I would say currently - if that.The key resources I needed were to be found in one spot and one spot alone on the entire friggin map!! total BS! After I finally got the friggin forge online and build some barrels, I go to the gas outlets then only to find there is oxygen but no Hydrogen !! friggin hell this game has been a total waste of my time thus far...Forget about this one until 12 months time minimum- it might be actually working as it should then...it only get 1/10 currently and that being generous."
,Recommended,402710,33649694,Posted: 19 July,all,JiggaWATT,"This is a brilliant game. I am looking forward to see it grow. I really appreciate the hard work of the devs. Remember -- this game is in ALPHA -- meaning, they are testing things out - with the ultimate goal of making the best game possible. If you are looking for a completed - finished game --- go play PacMan!!!"
,Recommended,402710,30768177,Posted: 27 March,all,Mastershep11N7,"I started off playing survivor type games with No Man's Sky, a game I actually sunk dozens of hours into playing, and thoroughly enjoy. I love space games and I believed that No Man's Sky would be the one I would lose all of my free time on. I had some complaints yes, but it was a relaxing playthrough and I just had a lot of fun mining, building, exploring and killing pirates. With that being said Osiris: New Dawn...is NOT relaxing. You start the game off creating your character, such as it is, setting up your world with minor play style options like, ""how many death monsters do you want? Infested? OKAY you want death!"" and then you are flung onto a barren wasteland of a planet...did I mention you have a suit breach? As you scramble to find the patch tape to repair your suit (after figuring out what can help you)  watching your o2 levels drop alarmingly, and making sure you aren't going to die immediately  you notice pieces of your escape pod are scattered throughout your ""landing"" area. You use your chisel and bop those pieces into resources you can use. Then you take a look around and notice how absolutely beautiful of a place this planet looks. And then you hear music...heart-pounding, epic adrenaline inducing music that gets you fired up! You look around but you see nothing...Again you see nothing but you hear it. A soul shattering shriek and then your HUD turns red as you see a carapace leg shoot out from behind you to the left..And your suit is breached again. As you scramble to equip your weapon, all the while running in frantic directions trying to get away from the horror. You then bring up your assault rifle...or depending on how freaked out you are, your pistol, and turn around and blind-fire at the ""thing"" chasing you...Except it is not just ONE thing it's three. One spider-like bug called a young crab monster, and two centipede face hugger looking snake dealios called Skeliopods...So you then fire at them all at once and hit nothing as they all charge you and dodge you. After a long battle of hit and run you end up 1.5km away from where you were with no ammo and three dead bugs sinking into the ground...You then see the words ""Ezekiel  Crater"" fade on and off the screen. You have a minute to catch your breath until you hear a sound from your worst nightmares. A roar and then a crack and you see dust fly into the air from across the crater. Maybe the sun is in your eyes because a creature cannot possibly be that large, and it can't possibly be out to get little ol' you right? As the sky darkens around you you come to your senses and snap out of your dazed amazement and try to run out of the shadow. But then a video plays as a giant freaking sandworm with a huge mouth surrounds you and plummets back into the ground it's long body seemingly taking an eternity to disappear. Taking your life with you. Then the words ""you have died, would you like to try again?"" come up as if laughing at you. ""I don't know do I?""Yes. Yes I do.♥♥♥♥ that was amazing. And that was MY experience in the first five or so minutes. I spent the rest of the 3-4 hours learning how to play the game, carefully mining stuff to build things...finding my bodies scattered throughout the map to revover my inventory, and cowering in my flimsy inflatable pod at night...Night time is for the birds y'all.All in all I had an amazing time playing this game, and as I watched a few youtubers have different experiences and remembered going through some similar hardships, I felt liek I have never felt in a game liek this before.Genuine excitement.This game is something I didn't know that I wanted. It is fun, scary, relaxing (when you aren't being attacked) intricate, mezmerizing, and frustrating all at the same time. All in good ways that very few games are able to pull off. I am sad that it is only an early access game, but with all the things planned, and all the things you can already do the game is really coming along nicely! I hope they take their time and really make this an unforgettable game that people can enjoy for years, like EVE Online.The only complaints were the frequencies of the storms...yes I said storms...Horrible blackout sandstorms mixed with rain...and monsters lurking. They really need to tone the storms down a bit, and maybe add lightning.I also would suggest that they add the ability to change weapons when jumping. As well as make strafing faster.One other thing is to make resources more abundant. Yes it is a barren world but going 900meters to find carbon fighting aliens and getting stuck in storms ALL WHILE ON FOOT kind of sucks haha. But I guess that's part of the charm. It is really well polished. I hope they get more crafting options in there too, and maybe add the ability to move your colony elsewhere when you get the bigger vehicles. I won't spoil much more of it but basically for an unfinished game, it is more finished than most games of it's like. I do hear they plan on adding a tn of more things, more planets, alien races and a story! So Be on the lookout for Fenix Fire and Osiris: New Dawn in the future! I know I wont be quitting any time soon."
,Not Recommended,402710,31422787,Posted: 28 April,all,Sin3Wav3,"The most recent update pretty much broke the game. They rushed it, even though it was delayed numerous times. I want so much to continue to love this game, but they're really not progressing as a developer properly. They definitely hyped up this update, and it did not deliver."
,Not Recommended,402710,31694917,Posted: 11 May,all,"The Man who said ""Meh""","Fun for the first ten hours, then you relise the game world is smaller than meets the eye (75% of it is just flat), and there is litterally nothing to do once you have all of the equipment.NOTE: I have only played co-op with my friends, I have no idea what the real multiplayer is like."
76561198022925640,Not Recommended,402710,26592155,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,draelgar,"Well, I've only played about 16 hours or so, but I feel like I've already done most there is to do in this game.I know it's still a work in progress, but in my opinion they should have waited until it was more of a game. In it's current state if feels more like a feature test of selected features than a game. So at this point I can not recommend this game, but I will keep my eyes on it and change my review accordingly as it progress towards the end product.A little annoyance I find is that the description of the game is written as if planned content is already implemented and should probably be rephraced so that potential buyers know what they buy.The graphics is very nice, with decent vehicles, player avatars, droids and buildings. The monsters however feels out of place, as if they are taken from some zombie themed shooter game and the environment itself is rather bland and featureless. The terrain seem to be built from a bunch of craters and hills with occational patches och vegetation, huge trees or boulders. And the far too frequent storms and long night obscures all scenery most of the time.The wildlife variation is currently quite small. Ive only seen seven different types, which all wants to eat you the moment they spot you. Different types can even attack you simultaneously while ignoring each other, which really hurts the beatial feel of them. Logically larger monsters should eat smaller ones and so smaller ones should avoid the larger ones, yet here they all ignore each other. The A.I. is much better than the general ""run to straight to target and attack"" script that is common in games these days, but it still need some work. The creatures can still get be tricked into corners below cliffs and such. They do however seem to dodge shots, retreat between attacks and flee when low they are close to death.While the crab monsters have lots of hit points, are difficult to hit and causes a lot of damage per hit, I can not classify them as being difficult, and they are the toughest enemies except for that gigant worm that just comes and eat those who are slow to move, which is a nice touch. :)The script that keep spawning monsters at the player's location every X minutes and the trigger than spawns monsters while mining are just just major anoyances, they add nothing to the game more than meaningless fights which makes an already long walk to far away resources feel much more of a chore than an expedition. And monsters in spawnng pits respawns a tad bit quick. All in all, I don't want to see any creatures drop from the sky as they do now, unless they where capable of flying and just landed from flight.The building are bare minimum, and most of it has no purpose besides decoration yet. And the crafting is just as limited.There are five different vehicles craftable at the moment, A hover bike, two different sized rovers, a mech and a space ship. The bike, the smaller rover and the mech comes with guns, while the larger rover and space ship are only good for carrying goods. I've only tested the smaller rover myself, and it handles well and was even fun to drive around, even though there currently are no power consumption and from what I can tell, it seems to be invulnerable to damage as well. The space ship however seems like a waste as there are nowhere to go beyond the starting planet yet. There's currently no droid crafting either, nor any form of research. And I've not found any way to get ridable monsters either.The third person camera has it's aim off from the cross hair it seems, like the vast majority of similar games.The caves I've found are really just large tunnels with a few monsters and a lot of resource nodes.That's all I could think of.As stated above, I'll change my review according to changes to the game."
,Not Recommended,402710,30449530,Posted: 11 March,all,Spiritforce,"Review Date 11th March 2017As to date, there are not only still bugs present (which at early access is understandable) but they're mostly from the release 6 months ago. As a developer, bugs irritate me more than anything and a dev team's inability to fix them infuriate me when I spend my hard earned money on their games.In other points, the progression is painfully slow, only being able to get anywhere on PvE servers or low pop, either way, the gathering rates are pathetic. Couple buildings and things to work on but everything's quite uniform and so after a while it's all pretty much the same.The community is the same as any survival game; Destructive, Unforgiving and unapologetic, which reminds me of another game this company half developed and dumped after a DLC (ARK: Survival Mongrels w/ Dinosaurs). Maybe it's just me but even when I have the capability, I don't feel the need to destroy the ♥♥♥♥ outta everyone else's bases around me. Maybe they're trying to compensate for something, who knows.Final points are the game is lovely to look at, needing a polish for PvE and additional features (Like dungeons/events/ ANYTHING) but at full price, I couldn't possibly suggest this game to anyone. I hope it changes but these developers have already disappointed me with one early access that didn't get finished, I can feel the same coming from this.TLDR: Good looking game, runs n bugs like♥♥♥♥♥♥ has no real notable features and developers are the shot your mum should've swallowed."
76561198210015540,Recommended,402710,32757979,Posted: 24 June,all,Little Dumpling,"Day 1: First time playing and decides to load in the game with the hardest diffculty settings and finds out suit is torn and doesn't realize to use the tape in the quickslot to patch it up...diesI can handle 2 gaint alien crabs...runs out of bullets, panics and gets body slammed by a crab...diesHears a load sound and finds out it was a gaint wurm coming out of the ground and thinks it was for immersion purposes only...stands still and admires its beauty only to find out it was coming straight for me...panics...diesEriely quietly while mining and picking up rocks...hears loud metors coming down and pee-ed myselfDay 2:  Finally built a hut, stove, and depository and decided to go out and gather more materials...forgets to record down the latatuide and longatuide of base location...night comes and panics trying to relocate base...dies of dehydration because my water jars were in the depository.Day 3:  Still trying to locate base, gets involved in a 3v1 with 3 alien beetles...dies...Day 4:  Finally relocated base while encumbered right before night time...hides in hut then a wild gaint alien crab and a 4 legged jumper alien thingy appears...tries to defend base...diesday 5: nonexstent...deleted game save and started a new one with default settings10/10 Darwin's Theory of natural selection at its best...Now give me them dislikes for actually enjoying this early access game.  I'm not ashamed of it.The graphics, visuals, level design, sound design  are amazing and when combined they provide an immersive experience.    At the moment this game provides limited content as it is an early access.  The content consists of gathering minerials, plants, etc (which is a serious cause of grinding) to build your base, surviving from alien hostiles, and exploration.  It is important to note, don't expect to build a big base with all the essentials in just a few hours as structures/building foundations are gated by character progression (combat, science, and engineering) and heavy grinding trying to find the right resources.  This game also provides an RPG element with character levels and stats (speed, strength, stamina, and health).  It is also important to note that this game has you do A LOT of running...running to gather materials, running back to your base, running from aliens, running to find food/water and just running for the sake of running.  It can feel like a running simulator.  So if you can't handle running a marathon then stay on your couch eating cheetos.  Don't worry, there are vehicles, but they will take a long long time to get and best of all spaceships to explore space!  In addition, there are other planets!  I'm not sure if you can actually explore them in the game's current state as I have not even built a proper base.The game is quite a challenge compare to other survival games on the market.  It has a steeper learning curve and no tutorial, but once you actually play it for a few hours and or look up a guide/youtubers and learn the game's mechanics it becomes easier.  The real challenge is dealing with the aliens and trying to stay awake after grinding, but its duoable and becomes less of a challenge when you give the game a chance even if that means dying 1337 times.  Dying over and over teaches you things man...like run the♥♥♥♥♥♥away when you get swarmed at night and only have a rock to defend yourself with...I would know...The game provides both third-person and first-person gameplays, however, third-person is a bit wonky compare to first-person especially when you try to mine minerals or melee combat.  The pick up animation is quite terrible at the moment.  I'm not a fan of having to wait 2 seconds to pick up one item at a time even though it's more realistic than instantly picking up everything, but pffshaa were in space with ninja skyscraper sized wurms screw realism. The character movement is pretty fluid, but still needs a bit of tweaking as it can feel clunky sometimes and there is awkward pauses at times.  The jetpack boots are very nice, but the fuel it provides dies off way to quickly and takes too long to recharge in my opinion. Also everytime you fall off a little incline your character pauses for a second before it can move again, quite annoying if you are trying to run away from 3 gaint charging crabs.The aliens even just 1v1 are very tedious to kill even with guns to a point where I just lowered the health settings for them by one notch below normal.  It definitely helped.The game also provides multi-player and PvP, but i never tried these as I just enjoy the single-player survival aspect of the game.The game also is quite heavy on your gaming rig.  The optimization still needs work so If you have a toaster of a system, I would suggest to stay clear of this game until it is better optimized.  For example, my mid-tier gaming laptop specs are CPU: Intel CORE i7 6700HQ, GPU: Nvidia Geforce GTX 960m, and 8 GB RAM,   I am able to run the game on the highest settings with all the extra effects on and 1080p at 20-25 fps (playable), default settings runs at 29-32 fps, lowest settings and lowest resolution with all effects off runs between 40-45 fps.The playerbase is low (600-1000 players on steam at one time with the current patch release), which i personally don't care as I am a single-player gamer, but i know there are those that play simply for the multi-player aspect of games and there are those who just like having a game with a large playerbase as it keeps them away from the mentality of low playerbase=dead game.As for the devs, I can't say much as I just found this game two days ago during the summer sale.  However, from what I can tell from today's patch and the bugs it brought and their active presence in the fourms they seem to care enough to actually spend their saturday to do something about it in a timely fashion instead of waiting until monday to fix these bugs.  Thumbs up for the devs and their hard work today.It is also important to know that from what I've read in past fourms that each update they bring always comes with multiple bugs and issues (early access so it's expected) so if you aren't big on helping the devs out on early access games in finding these bugs and just want to play games that don't have game breaking bugs I would not recommend this game until it's out of early access. Also, from what I read off some old fourms it seems like the previous versions of this game was much more tamed and it was just lacking content, but the devs are constantly changing gears on what they want the game to be and sometimes adding/removing things that players never wanted. I don't know anything about the past versions and history for this game so i can't confirm this.Overall, this game still has great entertainment value and potential if you are into grindy pre-fab structure building games with an rpg progression espically if you have friends to play with.  Even if you don't have any friends or just enjoy playing by yourself because you're a hardcore introvert like myself this game is still very much enjoyable.Final verdict for Osiris: New Dawn is a semi-reccomendation if you want to help the develepment of the game, aren't turned off by heavy grinding, can handle games with some challenges, and or aren't turned off by game breaking/game stopping bugs while it is being developed.  In conclusion, being Matt Damon for a day was a blast."
,Recommended,402710,34696722,Posted: 2 September,all,Poptart81,"Awesome, simply"
,Not Recommended,402710,31800865,Posted: 17 May,all,Mooserush,"Osiris has potential. Eventually it _could_ become a fantastic game.Sadly, they seem to be heading in an odd direction in terms of the crafting system recently. They've added a _stone_ oven and _stone_ crafting table when we've alreaedy got a plutonium fueled forge and a hyper-advanced multitool. A stone oven doesn't fit into the current tech tree in any conceivable way, and the melting point for some of the metals is far outside the temperatures that such a forge is capable of. Add to that the recipie this game has for steel being iron+aluminum, and it indicates the designers have no idea what they're doing much less where they're going with it. Sure, the crafting system needs more complexity, but adding stone-age tech to a freaking planetary exploration game isn't it!"
76561198079002872,Recommended,402710,25938662,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,lamberta12,"♥♥♥♥ing awesome, Simply ♥♥♥♥ING OUTRAGING WHEN YOUR INVENTORY DISAPEARS WHEN IN THE STORAGE, I HAD 13HOURS OF GAMEPLAY AND IT VANISHED. I am disgusted and won't play until it gets fixed. I get that its an early acces, but it should not be possible for a game that makes it so long to progress in the game to have those kind of bug. I STRONGLY hope that the dev. will make an effort and take 5 minutes of their time to give me back my♥♥♥♥♥♥ and make my money worth. Other than that, great game, very promising."
76561198305480194,Not Recommended,402710,34337119,Posted: 18 August,all,VendettaTuga,Stonecrafting? Oh hell nooooo....You just had to ♥♥♥♥ it up didnt you????
76561197991474244,Not Recommended,402710,31783816,Posted: 16 May,all,BADGER,"Will reccomend this game if you like excercises in frustration.step 1: build base, complete with several defense turretsstep 2: log offstep 3: log back on hours later, everything gone except a flood light.step 4: rebuildstep 5: update/server wipe.step 6: repeat steps 1 through 5 until you finally give in to  crushing enui and uninstall this tragically flawed game."
,Not Recommended,402710,26729867,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Revimor,"Game is very fun however saves are corrupt. When resuming a save game all the buildings are gone (and they are expensive, you need several hours of mining).In the current state, I do not reccomend the game."
,Recommended,402710,34940541,Posted: 13 September,all,Leader of the Gorgonites,"four dads, two moons. what could go wrong?in this whacky adventure, a bunch of mens and/or womans crash land on a place.pretty much space everywhere.guacamole is extra.pls buy"
,Not Recommended,402710,31533080,Posted: 3 May,all,Rhalar,"Start my game and I can't look around, or move, or exit the game... I tried several times. Look up the problem and it's a know bug at lease since Oct 2016. They just released a big patch that added a lot of stuff, I guess game breaking bugs just didn't have priority."
,Not Recommended,402710,30325087,Posted: 4 March,all,Voyager,"Can't recommend. Combat here is probably the worst of any FPS I've ever played. And the game wont let you get away from it either. Not even for a few minutes. Want to just explore? Hope you brought lots of ammo because you'll spend most of that time trying to shoot fast small hard to hit things on the ground while spending little time on actually exploring. Oh, also whenever you're hit by these small fast moving things your character goes into anaphylactic shock stunning you for a second.The crafting is also incredibly basic and tedious and is in need of a total overhaul. 1. You can't stack anything so you better have lots of ground space at your spawn. 2. You're required to craft the most tedious of things just to get your base started. Want to craft a habitate or home? Welp, first you have to craft the frame, the all of the walls, then the airlock (it doesn't use a door) and by the time you've done that you've spent about a billion resources and you still aren't done! You have to build the WALLS TO THE AIRLOCK, then the baracks (which is like your bedroom I guess), the walls to the baracks annnd it's been five hours and you've lost interest in the game by now because harvesting resources for all this crap is exhausting and outright boring. Need glass for your windows? Make a shovel, point to the ground, hold mouse button for ~30 seconds. You now have enough sand to make enough glass to last you for your next project or two.Speaking of resource, some of the early necessary ones are downright difficult or rare to find. Took forever to find carbon and hydrogen gas. Both are necessary early on. Both were about 5-10minute walk from my campsite. Also I've only ever found that 1 carbon node so far. The only way to really find them is to stumble upon them or cheat and look it up off Google or something.Combat and crafting are what kill this game. The planet atmosphere and the alien design are all cool, and I wished to see more but because the two primary portions of the game are just so awful, it ruins what could be a good game.I've also tried this with friends but that was a no go. The game spawns you on completely different sides of the planet. So meeting up to build a base together is a very difficult or impossible option for the impatient. Also, we couldn't figure out how to share buildings/resources either. Things are ""owned"" by you and you have to plant a flag or some crap to mark mutual things."
,Recommended,402710,25743923,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,CooperTrooper,Loving the game so far just hope that multiplayer works out.
,Recommended,402710,31938860,Posted: 24 May,all,squidest,"Server resets are expected as this game is still in Early Access as of this review.I like the server resets as I come back to this game in random spurts and when ever I do, there's some major update so to me, it feels like I'm playing the game over again and I love it.This game is getting updates (big ones, at that) pretty constant compared to some other Early Access games; this game has huge potential and I'm excited to see it's future!"
76561197994273245,Not Recommended,402710,30867242,Posted: 31 March,all,CrocChow92,"This game looks like it has potential, it really does, so I want to be able to like it, but I simply don't. An hour in and the only thing that happens is aliens spawn at my feet and just go for the kill. Some of these I can understand: ya that giant Dune sandworm is probably a carnivore. Others not so much: those trilobites almost certain I wouldn't be their prey item. And all of this to be added to the fact I was just trying to place my shelter, get killed in the process, and therefore lose the shelter. I get it, space is a challenging frontier, it doesn't mean that everything is immediately out to get you though.I hope that in the future this game get's more fleshed out with less of this insta-death from everywhere."
76561198093742549,Not Recommended,402710,28979640,Posted: 3 January,all,Capt James t Burk,beware this game. Devs just sit and watch while anyone with a problem is ripped apart by fam boys.not a good community.if you have nothing good to say then dont bother.game is good and has lots of promise. but devs need to step in or it will just turn into another naval combat.
76561198298726538,Not Recommended,402710,30051224,Posted: 19 February,all,KindestBud420,"I would like to start this review by saying, I truly enjoy the beauty of this game and how unique it is. I Feel that is has a very strong promise, but a lot of expectation to live up to. I would recommend this game if there were more creatures to fight and you could tame them to fight for you as allies. This game lead me on to believe it was the ""ARK:SE"" of space, but so far; it is just a game of  collecting minerals on a strange planet while getting attacked by the same 3 aliens 100x. I love the concept, just hope for more to do in the game. If there were a few more creatures and a story, i would recommend this game 100%."
,Not Recommended,402710,30481536,Posted: 12 March,all,Beta McFaget,"I really wanted to like this game. Unfortunately a series of mundane issues make it impossible to get anywhere with it.Really bad inventory management system - for a game heavily focused on resource hoarding, that's a major buzzkill.No way to find resources I need. Last I was playing I got stuck on trying to get some diamonds to buld vehicles. Walked all over the place and never found them.Assistant drone that does absolutely anything, except the thing you ordered it to do. I've wasted more time retreiving it after it got stucks somewhere or distracted by a monster, than the value it delivers.If only it worked for auto mining some basic resources, I wouldn't complain, but it can't even do that.Monsters that clip right through you while attacking and periodically get stuck in rock formations, making it impossible to kill them and forever occuping assistant drone and turrets' attention.Positional sound is completely screwed up, making it impossible to get the direction of where enemies attack from. And for water reason I can hear ""footsteps"" of monsters from mile away like they're on top of me.There is a function to wipe the screen, but it's broken. If you get some dirt on you, it is sitting there forever until weather changes.There might be a diamond in there, but for now it is too damn rough."
76561198005642377,Not Recommended,402710,34960986,Posted: 14 September,all,0.0.0.0,"There's no neutral rating so I can't put that down.   If you like a challenge this game is not for you.  Right now the games riding off the coat tails of ""potential"".With the most recent updates the developers have catered to people who struggle with survival elements.  Almost every resource is placed right at the starter spawn points, removing the need to really explore the map.  Vehicles are over the top, especially the hover bike.  Every resource is plentiful.   You have unlimited oxygen.  Food and water have been tweaked but can you can go days and days without needing to eat and drink.  AI is broken.  Creatures are non-threating, most of an annoyance than a threat.  The developers even made the night times brighter because people don't like nights being nights.  Seriously?Game is massively unbalanced, developers are more interested in pleasing the casual ""I LOVE THIS GAME!!!!! BEST GAME EVAAAAA"" crowd while ignoring anyone who likes any sense of challenge or difficulty.  They do provide sliders so you can customize your experience but when a developer offers a normal difficulty experience that is really, really, really easy then you find the sliders are all unbalanced.It might get better, but right now the developers are just fishing for positive feedback and are avoiding any kind of challenge or survival elements like the plague to keep the fans happy."
76561198000561257,Not Recommended,402710,25932761,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Evnatia - The Mute Cynic,"Early Access Watcher Reviews Osiris: New DawnUpdate Version: 0.976Disclosure: This game copy was bought by the reviewer.Gameplay Footage:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cDW8x6MnJvUUnfortunately, the game suffers from serious technical issues and a minimalistic crafting system with heavy resource gathering to extend the game.In the current build, weapons are restricted to a chisel, pistol, assault rifle and a dart gun that is not useable due to an unobtainable resource. Vehicles boil down to a Rover, GAV (which has become unresponsive on numerous occasions resulting in a lose of stored resources as I restart the game to get it to work again), a Hoverbike, a Mech (not build able due to an unobtainable resource) and the space ship. Certain materials will be required for most development and range from steel to plastic and electronics such as wires and circuit boards. Overall the crafting system works (outside the missing elements), but lacks any depth or variety.If the player is not actively crafting something, then they are most likely gathering materials. Two categories of resources exist in the form of minerals ranging from iron to diamonds and gases such as chlorine, hydrogen and oxygen. Chisels harvest minerals while barrels are used to transport gases. Until the player can build a vehicle (which in my case was 4+ hours on 4x resource yield), they will need to lug the materials back in short amounts to prevent becoming encumbered. As long as the player stays below 200%, they can utilize the jump pack that can give about 20m worth of distance if nothing is being held. It is tedious, time consuming (especially given the location of certain resources) and made up about 60% of my playthrough.Building anything in this game requires a great deal of planning, compensating materials and ensuring enough space for future expansion. When building a habitat, the player must plant the building down and then build either walls (needed to place furniture and utilities) or couplers (needed to attach hallways or other facilities). Every time a building or part is placed, however, the player has to hold F until it reaches 100%. This can get extremely tedious and it doesn't help that the system used to detect attachments to couplers is finicky. It can take three to six times for a simple hallway to match up with a coupler and it will still register as if you are leaving an oxygen zone when passing through the doorway while inside the habitat. This is exceptionally frustrating when trying to place something as large as the bio dome, which requires a coupler to be built. If the player didn't build the habitat in a spacious enough area, then they either have to trudge away from the main site to build another habitat (habitats cannot be built close together unless connected), delete walls and try different angles, or live without the attachment.Character customization involves the selection of one of two factions (U.N.E and Outlanders), selection of one of four classes (Scientist is the only one active) and the leveling system. Leveling involves killing aliens and performing quests (the few that actually exist). Once the player levels up, attribute points are rewarded and can be fit into one of four categories: stamina, strength, movement speed and health. At the highest possible experience modifier, I managed to hit 80% into level 2 after 6 hours of play. Weapon proficiency is also a factor and increases when the right gun or tool is used. Blueprint points (something fairly similar to ARK) is currently not implemented. It is extremely shallow right now and holds very little impact over the game's current structure.Alien lifeforms are scattered along the surface of the planet and while they have interesting designs, albeit simple, they pose little threat to the player. Most aliens will not become hostile unless the player shoots them first or happens to wander two feet from them. The only exceptions I noticed were the gnats and arachnoids that seek you out, especially at night when they decide to swarm your location. They have the instinct to dodge and charge at the player, but they cannot seem to jump. I enjoy the concept of having a aggressive force out to get me, but when all I need to do is jump up or stand on top of my habitat, it eliminates any kind of threat. Combat functions well (point and shoot) with the assault rifle and pistol, but due to the expensive nature of ammunition, the pistol ends up becoming the only viable weapon until the GAV or Hoverbike come along. This ends up making the night sessions a game of pot-shot the feral from the safety of any given roof. Hopefully the addition of a flying species will come along down the line, but right now encounters with alien lifeforms are a boring annoyance.Visually the game is stunning, especially at night when the neighboring planets have the chance to fully shine and during weather anomalies when dust clouds and moisture reduce visibility. Shadows from floating rocks and towering formations are implemented perfectly, but I did notice a few random Directional Light Sources in caves and on the surface that look very out of place. Buildings are generic at best, but they have decent texture work along with the furniture design that gives the barracks a bit more class. While there isn't much aside from some trees and grass textures to contrast the red rock formations, a few abandoned settlements (including an abandoned space station) are present. The aesthetic fits well with the musical selection, bolster further by the sound design for the alien lifeforms, which can be creepy during hours of darkness. I have played numerous survival titles in Early Access and will agree Osiris: New Dawn joins the likes of Subnautica in terms of visuals.Now for the most important part of this review: technical issues. Online components of this game need some serious work including, but not limited too joining servers, experience lose, latency issues, freezes, crashes, ownership saving, resource in storage saving, online game saving in general, and droid AI issues. Offline experiences some of these issues, but more so with storage and item saving. Texture problems exist via aliens getting stuck in terrain (cave ceiling mostly), clipping issues with deposits (droid pushed one straight into my habitat), clipping issues with vehicles (stuck in a rock formation) and orbital rag dolling aliens. Other issues include aliens spawning from the sky, aliens disappearing and reappearing, menus not scrolling, 1-8 not scrolling (when not above 100% weight, I know at 200% you cannot use them) and the most annoying issue: cannot enter windowed mode. I could be missing a few, but these are the bulk I noticed during my 2 hours in multiplayer and 5 hours in single player.I understand the appeal of survival in harsh environments, but without the interesting locations or expansive crafting possibilities to keep the player engaged, the game just feels empty. It takes a great deal of time to gather resources to build very simple buildings that contain few utilities, half of which do not even work (Computer Desk for instance). Some buildings listed are not even build able (Large/Small Gas Tank/Mech) and once everything is built, there is nothing left to do. No Man's Sky fell into a crafting trap on every planet to extend a game with little content and Osiris: New Dawn uses the same tactic of high item requirements to do the same. It is a beautiful game let down by multiplayer woes and content that is just not worth the $25 dollar asking price. I cannot recommend the title for now and strongly suggest waiting.Pros- Visual aesthetic- Music and sound design- Vehicles are enjoyable to rideCons- Barren of content- Massive grind for resources to lengthen gameplay- Frustrating building system (couplers and hallways)- Weak enemy AI- Laundry list of Online and Offline Technical issues"
,Not Recommended,402710,31409637,Posted: 27 April,all,Flashlight Antics,"Alright, so I played this game a lot before the most recent update (I believe they're calling it the Unearthed update?). It was fun and mostly an atmosphereic survival game. The enemies needed working on, sure, and the AI was a little ""janky"" and most enemies spawned only when you were mining (which kinda got annoying, but made it a little more interesting). But, at the center of it, was a rather fun survival/resource management game. A game I would have suggested.Well, apparently, the developers didn't like that about the game very much because now I can't help but feel like this new update has the game headed in a very...different direction. Now, instead of a creepy, space-fairing survival game, it's more of a crappy space-horror game. Most of the enemies are now inside ""dungeons"" and these ""dungeons"" have a HEAVY ""James Cameron's Alien"" feel to them...only they fall far short. What's more, the ""dungeons"" force you into combat in a game that has a HORRIBLE combat system.The combat system was aweful before this update and the update changed nothing. The monsters are still janky, hard to kill, and hit like semi-trucks. What's more, if you have no gun, combat is all but impossible. Did I mention that you don't spawn with a gun? Yeah...that's no longer a thing apparently. Did I also mention that MOST of the ""rare"" crafting materials are found exclusively in said ""dungeons""? Cause they are. What's more, a MASSIVE downscale in surface-available resources has occured. What used to be fields of abundant mining has turned into hard to climb hills with not a resource in sight.This next bit is a product of an early access game, so take it with a grain of salt:In addition to the change in game genera, the developers also saw fit to COMPLETELY alter the surface of the world you start on. MEANING; if you had a previous save with any base structures, vehicles, or other buildings, there is no promise that said structures will be on the same plane as the newly formed planet surface. For instance, I had an entire base FLOATING about 300 FEET above a small valley upon loading up the game. This base USED to be on nearly level terrain. So now, I can't even get to my base to deconstruct it and build another one somewhere else.Which, again...whatever. That's kinda the nature of an early access game, I guess. A huge update comes along and BOOM...your world is useless now. Best to restart.What I DO have an issue with is the change of genera. I didn't get this game because of it's ""creepy"" undertones. I got it because it was a very atmospheric take on space survival. NOW I have a space survival horror game...and I HATE horror games! I want old Osiris: New Dawn back...not this ♥♥♥♥♥♥ take on horror where I'm forced to use a now useless assult rifle (it used to be fully automatic, now it's three-round-burst exclusively). Unless this game turns tail back to being a survival game and turns AWAY from being a horror game, I won't be suggesting this to anyone."
76561197988692161,Not Recommended,402710,31793826,Posted: 16 May,all,EliteOneShot,"Get rid of this ignot crap... Why fix something that WASNT broken?Needs more things to build, buildings, crafting, ect...Turrets need to be balanced so 1 person cant just destroy your entire base in 10min.Carbon.... couldnt find it after 2 hours of wondering.... So Im done with this game until something better comes to be of it.and prehistoric tools? Just stop....This game started of fun and this latest patching has turned it into the WRONG direction.standing by for fixes or unistall"
,Not Recommended,402710,25764279,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Typo91,"After playing for 3 hours... I have to say this feels like a rip of hurtworld only sci/fi.I never played ARK, but i can see what people are saying, its a lot like it.The graphics are great. Actually rather they are outstanding.The monsters are just everywhere, which makes them seem so much less of an event when you have to fight one.  I mean honestly how does a planet with large predators every 20 feet even work?  It doesn't, it's silly and stupid.  (Hey DEVs, try making them 300 times rarer, and 30 times stronger.)At night its very creepy, (which is really cool) as certain things happen, but it feels like its lacking because of how glitchy it is in general...The droid that follows you is all but worthless... says it can mine, but it doesn't seem to work at all, very poorly coded or broken. You tell it to follow you, but if you dont watch it, it gets stuck and you have to go looking for it.  You dont seem to have any way of repairing it, even though its CRITICAL early game to use it as a mule.  And its guns are worthless, only good for getting itself aggro'd and killed.So far most bad reviews barely played the game for more then an hour.The game already feels like an Inventory nightmare, games like this force you to struggle needlessly with your own increadbly limited inventory.  Which isn't even realistic at all.  This mechinic in games like this is really needless, I get that they dont want you to be able to run around with Fort Knox in your backpack, but limits like this just dont make sense in a game like this.  The mechinic forces you to have to tediously shift items around (which have the strangest stack limits and dont even inteligently stack when you move them into boxes with like items) just to build the things you need.I feel like games like this need to rethink some of the mechinics... for example if you are in your base, and you have all these crafting stations and storages, why not let all of the stations and player inventory pool from all those places automatically in the vicinity?  Why force the player to go from box, to crafting station, to personal inventory constantly to accomplish the most basic things?Early in the game (first 3 hours i've been playing) you basically have to run around A LOT, hunting just a small amount of each resourse and ferry it all back to base to get started playing the basic game.Monsters are just everywhere, to the point that its really just over done.  It feels more like running around in an MMO with mobs all over to farm.  But none of them are special.Its really not a game for imersion, which sucks, because thats what people that want games like this really want.  Pew pew, oh look there is my next pile of ore, pew pew, clink clink, got my ore, run run, pew pew.Its more Grindy than Survival.Think -  I love Lucy, in a Candy Factory.TLDR : this game might be good at some point, but not today, and not for 25 bucks.... I wish i had my money back.""IF IT LOOKS AND SOUNDS TOO GOOD TO BE TRUE...............""Sep 29th 2016 -  So buggy you can't even play through the game.... honestly... INSULTING to charge 25 dollars for a game in this current state.  Early access bug fest like this should be 10 bucks at the most, or they should be paying us, to do the Q&A.Fake Tags, HYPE trailer videos and high prices are everything wrong with early access games."
,Not Recommended,402710,28950224,Posted: 2 January,all,little boi with laser i's,"I love this game. I really do. But it just doesn't have the content needed to be fun. I play for a good 4 hours straight and then I have a space ship, rover, and hover bike. There is only one other planet you can go to and that doesn't have resources to build a base. I understand its  in ea, so I will re-review this later, but for now, I recommend waiting to buy the game."
76561198130024133,Recommended,402710,31151380,Posted: 15 April,all,Gold,"Its kinda like ARK and Subnautica combined but in space, And that is amazing!"
,Recommended,402710,28742485,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,SilverKing98,"Before I start let me say that I love the survival genre. Even though I feel like there are a lot of games that miss the mark. It's one of my favorite types of games on PC. That being said. This game fits in the genre perfectly to me. I will Rank the parts and explain as I go.1. Story - 5/10 They are trying. It definitely throws Ideas out there of how it all began atleast. It is severely underdeveloped. That is the case for a lot of survival games though.2. Gameplay - 9/10 They are still working on it. There is still quite a bit here however. Action packed encounters with Aliens and Players alike. You can colonize with others, explore caves, build a small base, vehicles, and even explore some parts of space as well as another planet/moon. The combat system is fluid and your survivability is determined on what you have on your hotbar as well as how you manage your oxygen for maneuvering and gathering resources.3. Content - 5/10 This is where the game is lacking. The Dev Team is very very very small. I bought it when it first came out. Joined up with one other person and we accomplished everything within a few days. Now that they are adding more content. I have to say I am anxious to revisit the game. There are still a lot and I mean  a lot of features and things that are not in the game yet though.This game is very much Early Access, and is very much under development. I believe this game is going in the right direction. I just think it will take them forever to finish it. For what it's worth. Buy the game when its on sale and try it out. As long as they do finish the game. It will be well worth it in the long run."
76561198123055583,Not Recommended,402710,28919717,Posted: 1 January,all,reaperdeath01,"It has a LOT of potential and I really want to like it, but it's hard to recommend in it's current state. Definitely keep an eye on it though."
,Not Recommended,402710,28857937,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,DrGlacier,"This game makes me sad that I bought it. It had a lot of potential but ended up beong a terrible version of ARK but set on mars. Its almost impossible to use any of the melee weapons due to the very speratic movement of the creatures. When I'm at my home base I constantly am bombarded with meteors which have great materials, but tend to be annoying when they take out incredibly small protions of health from every wall and panel in a very wide range. Then I have to take the slow and saddewning repair tool to fix all of them up just to have some crab thing that puts out waaaay to much damage come by to ruin it all. The AI on the little droid helper just makes it run into rocks and get stuck on stuff I built. Also the unique materials that you need to build specific items are usually across the entire map and if you haven't gotten some sort of transport vehicle you will certainly get attacked by enough enemies to die along the way. I would not reccomend buying this in this state since it clearly needs a lot of work."
,Not Recommended,402710,28856970,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Mobius,"I originally played this game upon release and it was fun. Move to a couple patchs later and they broke the game with the creature ""improvements"". Made them spawn in hives/herds(cool idea), made them spawn near caves that have loot(also cool), made there aggro range infinite and never stopping (not cool), made them spawn in top of you(not cool). The last two made the game unplayable. They added a bunch of new stuff which is all very awesome, even a new planet. However you cant even check anything out because creatures wont leave you alone. Since day one there was a bug for reloading, you can constantly reload even if you have full magazine. MANY patchs later still not fixed. I gave this game a chance and then a second chance but its still umplayable simply due to creature aggro. If i am to kill every creature in an area i shouldnt have to worry about others spawning on me or aggroing to me from far distances while looking in my inventory or skill tree."
76561198226529340,Recommended,402710,30916068,Posted: 2 April,all,Pro.Robot,This is an awesome game with great potential for more. me and my friend encountered very little issues its still not a finished game but even so we were able to enjoy pure fun even through the small issues here and there. I belive this game will actually be great.###FOR PEOPLE TRYING TO GET THIS GAME###as of right now there is about 10-15 hours of fun to play around double that amount if you play a hardermode (we played on easy cuz were fruit cakes). But it looks like with the next couple updates there will be an almost infinite play potential. With the promised mod support when the game comes out you can even make your own fun!.I Recommend this game to everyone. it has a bit of horror to it the music is great the gameplay is action packed the survivial aspect really seals in the flavour. also the devs are great too ...cough...cough there not ark devsBEWARE THE DEATHWORM
,Not Recommended,402710,30914621,Posted: 2 April,all,Duttenhofer,Another mining/gathering game interrupted by periodic attacks from a band of multiple hostile species every 12 minutes. Enemies are weightless and clip through everything possible. Combat is tedius. Not a whole lot of strategy in picking a base location (as every monster can get over any natural terrain). Little upsetting as the one thing you can do in the game is build a base.
,Recommended,402710,30848694,Posted: 31 March,all,Kristoffer_DK,"Brilliant game BUT it is definitely not finished yet. This game has great potential to become so awesome. It needs some more stuff to do in game, for example: working on a spacestation would be a good element to add. Fun playing with friends.To infinity and beyond !"
,Recommended,402710,30854097,Posted: 31 March,all,SaeFrea,Love the handcrafted enviroments in this game; it looks so much better than the procedually generated stuff. Exploring dark caves infested with alien monsters to look for rare minerals is really fun. The base building and vehicles are a little basic but I'm very optimistic since it's early acces.
,Recommended,402710,32622420,Posted: 21 June,all,토끼,This game is still in Alpha but it is amazing and i am excited for what it will become! I do enjoy the game a lot and playing with a friend makes it more enjoyable
76561198179778273,Recommended,402710,28624265,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Vamady21,Good game!!!
76561198136469147,Recommended,402710,30850209,Posted: 31 March,all,BrownianShell,It is a beautiful exploration game based on several sci-fi features. If you are a sci-fi fan who possessed by unknown world out of our earth. I promise it is worth to buy!
76561198321969152,Recommended,402710,32527076,Posted: 17 June,all,joneserinmb,it wont even let me play
,Recommended,402710,29780204,Posted: 8 February,all,Chandler R Wang,Amazing
76561198152443759,Recommended,402710,29391287,Posted: 20 January,all,jamesdudley1129,my computer never shows any crypto code things and im stuck i have the basic blueprents ...?am i doing somthing wrong i almost have evrything resherched and i havnt seen a single crashing sattalight  ive got a good base ?
,Not Recommended,402710,28887528,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,DragynDance,"This game is plagued by so many terrible issues, I don't even know where to get started.  None of thise has to do with early access, and everything to do with poor♥♥♥♥♥design decisions.  The people who made this game, had the mindset of the people who made dark souls.  They wanted extreme dificulty that punishes mistakes.  However, unlike the creators of dark souls, the developers of Osiris did not include any sort of fairness or sense of accomplishment when you finally overcome something.  Monsters are completely and totally silent, and will detect you, and blitz you from like 5 miles away, covering that distance in a fraction of a second and slamming into your backside.  If this doesn't kill you outright, which even at minimum alien damage I still got one shotted by random crab monsters frequently, then it staggers you which ♥♥♥♥s your camera and turns you away from the alien.  And by the time you re-orient yourself, the ♥♥♥♥er is already charging in another attack.  And you can't even juke them with your jetpack anymore, they just jump.  And they soak tons of damage.  It took me two entire magazines of my assault rifle to kill a level 1 mob, at minimum alien health.  This♥♥♥♥♥♥just isn't fun, it's tedious.  I feel like they should be paying me to do this, because I'd rather go back to work then play this ♥♥♥♥ing game."
76561198004486901,Not Recommended,402710,28733558,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Rustyfetus,"Concept is great, game looks good. But holy hell do they need to optimize their game. I have a 8gb gddr5 r9 390 and this game runs awful even on low settings. I have an i7 OC to 4.5ghz too. BAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAD optimization."
,Recommended,402710,25857721,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Watermelon,"The game runs poorly for me, I can't afford a better graphic card.I would still recommend this to people who have good graphic cards. The graphic card I use cannot ruin the game on any settings."
76561198287049863,Recommended,402710,25759599,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,livewire713,So far it's really cool. I have a FE 1070 and at max settings I'm getting 70 to 80 fps.
76561198197907466,Recommended,402710,26207002,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,The Schaubbit,"Love the game, or would, the game platform needs to be extended to windows XP, i can't play it on my Aspire 5050 laptop... :/lol"
76561198073809857,Recommended,402710,26255911,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,[HF]Solanaceae,"Date: 10/27/2016As of yesterdays' update to this game, it is currently unplayable. I have started 5 new worlds just to see if this would happen in each one, and it has. The instant i load into my world and place down the inflatable dome, 2 or more Adult Crab Monsters will suddenly spawn on a nearby hill and rush me like a fat kid seeing his favorite candy. They are quite literally impossible to kill, and they WAIT, FREAKING WAIT FOR YOU to land from using the jetpack to charge at you!!! THEY ARE SMART AS ♥♥♥♥ NOW!! WATCH OUT OR DIE!! I have to give the devs props for their AI, they are some of the smartest ive seen when it comes to♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥someone continuously!! Seriously their AI is how an actual predator WOULD act. But i mean COME ON! 2 or more of them at once!? every time?? And pleeeeease turn down their ♥♥♥♥ing health! 4 clips of ammo for ONE crab monster? holy ♥♥♥♥ XD"
,Recommended,402710,25815848,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,The Senate™,gorden freeman
,Recommended,402710,25873494,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,MrRagez,"Osiris plays like the very attractive love child of ARK and Subnautica.It's quite polished already, rather well optimized for my PC which generally has issues with newer EA games, as usually devs don't add SLI support until full release. This game runs fine with an SLI already, which is an important detail for me.There really isnt a HUGE amount of stuff to do as of yet, its still very early in development. After about 20 hours or so you will have built everything you need. There isn't much of a story yet, but it will have one.The graphics are nice, the music is epic, the planet is beautiful and scary at the same time. I can't help but swoon over the giant sandworm and the Dune vibes it gives me.As it is now, there isn't a whole lot to do. However, I personally see a huge amount of potential for this game. With the massive disappointment NMS, many sci-fi fans are looking desperately for a game that actually delivers a long term experience within a space game.My only problem is that the multiplayer servers have horrid frame rates. I don't play multiplayer survival games, generally, so this isn't important to me, but it may be important to you. But this game is brand new, it will be fixed soon.Bottom line, if you like survival and space games, then this is gonna be a buy. If you want it for multiplayer, wait a few weeks."
,Recommended,402710,25758708,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,archmagus,"Very promising game. The difficulties baffle you at first, but then you realize this is the reason why you're playing it. Surviving a planet is not an easy task.The game is early access and you can feel it everywhere. If you're only into finished games, wait for a bit more. If you want to see a potentially great game be shaped and say ""I know the times when dart gun didn't have a thumbnail!"" to your grandkids, come in."
76561198124463930,Recommended,402710,26177767,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,Heavy cookie,co-op so fun one downside tokes a potatoe amount of time to find each other It took me an hour!!!!!!!!!!! to find my friend!!and if I died I would have hat to start walking over again!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561197970437489,Recommended,402710,26282967,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Timberwolf_CLT,can you please set it back to where the buildings lose health that's all I'm asking.
,Recommended,402710,26266891,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Speckeroos,"Good game, still in beta. You can beat it in about 12 hours straight, but good game."
,Not Recommended,402710,31128024,Posted: 13 April,all,Kodesh,"Early Access Review for Update 1.105Very cool concept and visuals! Big problem is that it's full of bugs that range from the mildly inconvenient to downright gamebreaking. One particularly painful bug is setting down a laboratory/vehicle factory near hills. Fully setting one up requires a ton of resources, and placing them in the wrong spot will result in vehicles spawning underground. You cannot access those vehicles if they spawn like this. Wonky droid AI, enemies teleporting around, and other 'light' bugs plagued my experience.Am hoping for good things from Osiris, but it's not 'fun' in its current state. Would not recommend it based on that factor alone."
76561198256291718,Not Recommended,402710,32203296,Posted: 5 June,all,Fullbusta5,"This was good. The new updates make it near impossible to play. On top of that it screwed my original save by putting everything uder the maps surface, so forced to restart. and getting water is now near impossible you will die very quick.oh and the monster spawns are now random"
76561198348095859,Recommended,402710,32211679,Posted: 5 June,all,magic dog wizard,good game can be hard to find carbon tho it is fun tho so i gues so
,Recommended,402710,28790599,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,RageQuit,"Really good,  enjoying the few hours I've played so far"
,Recommended,402710,25744586,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Neurojazz,"*EARLY ACCESS* -  This looks pretty, very slick play, and seems like a stable start to this project.  Happy to back, and will certainly pop in over time to see how this pans out :)*Note* : There's a bug where the volumes of the aliens is prety loud, so when they jump you in the dark it's pretty ****ing scary ;)"
,Recommended,402710,25833751,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,[LANCE] Substitute,GREAT POTENTIAL BUY IN NOW SO YOU DON'T PAY MORE LATERThis could be a actually good no mans sky   - the cell shade atmosphereI just hope the devs don't drop the game like contagion and ace of spades have
,Recommended,402710,26508587,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Tweaker,One of the best Early Access Games i played last year. Promising very good looking game. Survival SciFi for small Groups. It still has a small lack of content but is evolving. Also the Maps are a bit small atm as soon as you get a vehicle. Since this is early access i hope this change over time.
,Not Recommended,402710,31245281,Posted: 19 April,all,Tiviyl Scratch,"At this point in time I am rather conflicted on this game.-The ingame world is vast and beautiful.-The idea of choosing a faction to survive, build, and go to war with is not a new concept but none the less a good one.-The creature designs look both amazing and terrifying.-There is even customization in the game for your charracter, although it is limited.I want to recommend it to my friends and play it four hours on end but there is a HUGE problem with it.  It is not optimized at all, so unless you have a monster of a machine for gaming, you are not going to be able to play this game.  Even with all of the lowest settings on it still runs horribly.  The game is very beautiful, and it seems to have a very clear development path with some really cool ideas going for it.  It is just that the frame rate kills it for me.As of the time of me posting this review I would not buy the game.  I really want them to fix this game to where it is better optimized, becaue the world them made for it is beautiful and I want to explore it."
76561197999589145,Recommended,402710,28902330,Posted: 1 January,all,andrewx1988,"EDITED: In light of recent updates.Verditct: This hame has a lot of promise, BUT there are issues (which I believe will be fixed).WARNING: do NOT buy this game if you don't like the Early Acces style! You will only be dissapointed and ask for a refund. IF, however, you like the style I encourage you to buy the game and support its development!The Good:Nice visualsI like more realistic feel of the combat. If you were to get hit my a giant f**ing bug in real life you would lose your ballance and spin around too :PRocket boots are always nice :)Structure limits have been removed! \o/Decay timers have been added so players can easily demolish abandoned structures after some time.Devs are very responsive to comunity feedback.UI has been signifficanly improved since I wrote this reviewThe Bad:I am not new to the world of Early Access. I have bought and played games in EA before, and I've been playing Ark Survival Evolved since it came out, but I do think there HAS to be a threshold beween Early Access/Pre-Alpha and eary develpment. I fully believe that a game should not be released before the UX/UI is fairly polished and fully tested. It's great that your gameplay mechanics work but if your UI doesn't give your users a good experience and it makes everything a hassle the game mechanics mean nothing.The inventory needs to be a little smarter. For example: when you move something from one inventory to another the space you moved the item from remains open even if there are other items after it. Making inventory management a constant hassle.The UI feels very retro. It's almost like the entire UI elements were taken from an Asset Store and use as-is instead of designing/building a custom UI that matches the game style a little more. This may very well be fixed in future updates (I hope).Low per-server player limit. It looks like all the servers have an 18 player limit and htere are a LOT mroe servers than needed. Instead of having so many servers there should be less of them with higher player limits. After all one of the points of a game like this is the player interactions be it in PvP or PvE.That's my review. As you can see so far the Bad outweighs the Good, BUT, if this games development is correctly managed and it has a good funding base it has a lot of promise, hence my recomandation."
,Recommended,402710,31430179,Posted: 28 April,all,INDGOMAN,"This is a fantastic game. The work that has already been done is above and beyond most games. The graphics are immersive with the fog on the lense and it being oscure. Gives you the real visual of how it would be in a real enviroment. I think overtime this game is going to be an award winner I can almost taste it, Keep it up guys i love this and i recommend this to anyone who enjoys survival games, I believe this is a great single player game as well its scary being alone lol. A++ guys everyone should get this I been here a while played alot of games, check my profile i know a good game when it hits me in the face."
,Not Recommended,402710,30866236,Posted: 31 March,all,Brian Butterfield,Too broken and too empty to be worth it now and updates are sad at best. I'ce done everything you can already and it was pretty boring. Don't waste your money. I'd get a refund if I could.
,Not Recommended,402710,30865638,Posted: 31 March,all,Kᴱᴿᴹᴵᵀ,"2017-04-01 (April 1st, 2017)I cannot recommend this game at its current stage.""It has potential""is the only thing I could say thus far.Enemies spawn at your spawn-point and ultimately make it hard to play due to the fact that you're so ""undermanned"" during the starting parts of the game.This is what happened to me: I started the game with the basic equipment in single-player, I did everything thus far and I got to the 5th or 6th point of the Tutorial where I had to find ""plutoinium"", wandering into the wilderness I encountered nothing but Sand and dust storms happening so frequently and unrealistically for any -planet-, I have found enemies that seemed like Larvae (apparently those are the LEVEL 1 ENEMY), they take about 10-15 bullets to kill.It started to become night and my fear of the unknown and the dark is obviously not a good combination, I had no flashlight either so being in the dark with those worm lads would be unrealistic for me to do - I head back to my camp where I end fighting this weird as heck ""rock spider"" that is like level 3, It attacks me and ultimately does like 100% DAMAGE at one strike... I cannot walk fast so I end up risking most of my oxygen to kill the spider-like creature, which ends in me eventually dying and respawning.... Needily, I set foot to find my stuff and I did luckily! (All because I kept the coordinates, which is a nice touch by the game) - Finding my stuff and considering it's still dark I head back to my camp once more only to see a giant worm thing tentacle trying to attack me; my suit damaged again, I head to Bed where I am literally panicing.. I am barely capable of killing those larvae worms and I have not so strong weaponary, how am I expected to deal with a level 2 or 4 enemy that is literally in my spawn? Eventually I die, it glitches through the walls and so I die every time I spawn.... Then, the game decides to crash.'Eff this, I said and asked for a refund from Steam.This game has potential, It has a great horror-action sci-fi theme to it that comes nicely with the survival open-world aspects and I truly mean it when I say that I'll one day return to play this game but at its current state, Tis' not playable for me. - Oh and one last thing, the music and graphics in this game is truly amazing but I found that (with the graphics that this game has) I have frequent FPS lags and crashes on my machine.MY P.C is about 4-6 months old and it contains the follownig;GTX 1070 - G1 GigabyteIntel i7 - 6800K32GB DDR4 RAM (HyperX)Played on 1920x1080 resolution w/ about 53 fps on Average (after disabling Vysnc using Nvidia Panel).I wish the developers and the team behind this game good luck and for now my review will be negative till further notice."
76561198211616239,Recommended,402710,26157257,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,KArambit,"It's a really advanture and fun game. Battling Hostile, but their is some issue with the frame rate. It is really lag, If you can fix the frame rate, i will buy the game and play it."
76561198019865649,Recommended,402710,29260564,Posted: 14 January,all,Rear Admiral Zargoth FluffyFace,"It seems like every game on steam these days is an early access survival crafting base building thing.  Lots of them are pure crap, but this is my second faveorite, just behind subnautica.  This one is clearly less done than subnautica, but there's still a good bit of content here to play with, and I enjoy the space setting, even if the planet you're stuck on is somewhat dull (it's basically a desert)It's also very pretty for an indie game.  I wouldn't say its AAA levels of graphics, but they're certainly nice."
,Not Recommended,402710,34171901,Posted: 11 August,all,Tolderius,"Remember Starforge? This is Starforge.Starts out ambitious and beautiful annnndddd.... I guess they got enough money to pay off that student loan so, they're done now.Though I must say, my favorite part is how it's an alien planet full of lifeforms that, in spite of being on different parts of the food chain, go full Movie Avatar, and cooperatively gang up on you... constantly!"
,Recommended,402710,25838964,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,LtVictory,ALASKAN BULL WORMSwww.youtube.com/watch?v=SJ4u8I1RNWg
76561198046470811,Recommended,402710,25816585,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Armus,"Unlike the majority of people giving bad reviews to this game,I stepped OUT of the path of the giant space worm instead of gawking and getting eaten10/10 would avoid giant worms again"
,Recommended,402710,26129035,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,Kaiserz,"Awesome game, too much potential here, devs are going the right way.What i like, is different is just like being in the martian movie, exactly like that but with aliens.What i don't like, the waiting to see it finished."
,Recommended,402710,26127987,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,Dismeck,Played 5min got eaten by big Worm. Awesome!
76561198064467954,Not Recommended,402710,26393875,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,PCFricker,"So this game looked really good on the surface. It looked like the game that No Man's Sky could've been, but while it was good on the surface there were a lot of gameplay issues I started to notice.The movement is by far the most glaring issue I noticed. Walking is far too slow to get anywhere in a reasonable amount of time, so I have to hold down the sprint key to the point where my finger starts to hurt. The second thing I noticed is that the combat is pretty bad. With your weapon out you can't sprint very fast to try and evade enemies and while I could understand this being a feature for two handed weapons like the assault rifle but this shouldn't be the case for the pistol. Whenever you take damage you character turns every which way in response to it which isn't that bad during the day time, but at night it is very disorienting. This reached its peak when I was exploring a cave and when I left it, I was surrounded by several enemies and couldn't focus on any of them due to getting hit constantly with my camera flying all over the place.The final thing I would like to cover is how confusing the HUD is. there are several gauges down to the bottom left of the screen to represent health, water, hunger, etc. but I couldn't figure out which was which. When I was in battle I couldn't figure out which circle was my health and which was the integrity of my suit because they were clustered together in a way that made it utterly confusing. Building my first habitat excited me to no end because I thought it was gonna get me out of the cramped little inflateable space igloo, but upon building I realized it had no walls and I had to acquire more hard to find materials to get the thing into working order.Now that the negatives are out of the way, let's get into the good parts of this game. The graphics are the very first thing I noticed. It looked amazing from the moment I first started and was very impressed considering it was an early access game. All the surfaces look very detailed and the models also have quite a bit of polish to them. The litte robot you get at the start is one such detailed model and to help back that up it's also a very useful starting companion! It can help you fight, mine, and reapair so the little guy is big help when you're just starting.All in all, I wouldn't reccomend this game in it's current state. While the issues I had with it may be small, they certainly started piling up from the moment I started playing to the point where I just couldn't ignore them. The game does have lots of promise to it and I'd love to see it in a more polished form in the future but as it is right now, I'd save your money and wait till they update it some more."
,Recommended,402710,25841743,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Meeks,I love this game it feeds my need for a great space survival game and has me feeling like Matt Damon however I would request getting gas tanks implemented soon because it is rather tedious walking back and forth with barrels when you could just stock up that's just my opinion and recommendation it's going great keep up you're amazing work!!
,Recommended,402710,29657613,Posted: 2 February,all,TiberiusRevenge,"Great game, this is like what NMS should be. It is gorgeous, realistic, and challenging. It is very immersive. I eagerly await more content."
76561197961696568,Recommended,402710,25960768,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,DICKBUTTcsgokingdom,The only thing wrong 20th this is the copper and the gold look the same but over all f#cking amazing
,Recommended,402710,25961644,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,King of Kings,"Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥y'allThis game is incredible, even in Early Access. PLEASE buy it to support the devs! I haven't noticed many bugs except for the occasional graphics glitch."
76561198137350380,Recommended,402710,25961065,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Nokap,Amazing Game But very early access.
76561198027786099,Recommended,402710,25823857,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Mothling,Got eaten by a gigantic space worm.10/10 would end up begin a snack again!
76561197968839675,Recommended,402710,25762920,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,InvictiGaming,"It is a good game, but as its early access it has problems, its just like ARK survival. except SPACE!!!! the servers are a bit twitchy, i keep getting kicked off em. but single player works fine ish. Don't get me wrong for how long ive played so far i really really like it and it has some great potential. i will be playing it more and more.so what are you waiting for?get it already.InvictiGaming"
76561198134500774,Recommended,402710,25819565,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,zigzaganteater4,havent played it alot but im relly loving it so far would recomend
,Recommended,402710,25819979,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,DondeGames?,got ♥♥♥♥ed by a giant worm thing while sitting on a skeleton
,Not Recommended,402710,31426289,Posted: 28 April,all,matthewchompers,"I have traveled across the land, i have search far and wide, if i had 10 cents for every carbon ore i found, i would have 0 cents. Yeah after the update, i think they broke the game even more, ive played for hours ONLY walking around looking for carbon, which i cant find, at all, so i CANT EVEN PROGRESS IN THE GAME. The textures on the mountains, like almost all of the mountains move around like crazy when you move around on them! It also spawns you on the outskirts of the map, which i dont like. there is a funny health bar glitch? i can shoot a creature for hours while the health bar works down, then when it hits a 3rd of health left, the creature just dies. Also owhy is it not possible to build on the outskirts of the map. Isnt this game an ambitious planet/space survival and exploration game? Why limit us to a small map? create some algorithms! fill the planet up! Not too much content. Also is it just me, but when i hit the ""clean gui"" button or whatever, it does nothing? i hate walking around staring at smudge spots instead of the game. Also its 30 percent day, 70 percent night. They need to put the map on a better part of the planet, with more sunshine. ALSO anyone notice the awkward eating sound they put in? Played this around my family, ate for the first time since the update, and oh boy! Moan eating sounds sure give you funny looks from the fam. So I absolutely loved this game before, but now I am a sad puppy.So many bugs, they need to fix a few things at a time, then update. Lather rinse repeat, and PLEASE focus on the gameplay and bugs before you recreate maps and all. just no! Fix it and ill happy review you?! UPDATE: Also just found a floating like robot head in the sky? and also a random floating waterfall? next to an EXTREMELY BROKEN half body of water, yes half, i dont know how to explain this. i wish i could, but god why"
,Not Recommended,402710,34194301,Posted: 12 August,all,TKonVacation #3m,สนุกนะ แต่อัพเดทช้าชิบหาย
76561198066677889,Recommended,402710,32145909,Posted: 3 June,all,PulseKnight,"Overall the game is shaping up great and I think it has the potential to be a great game, maybe even better than NMS. Currently however there are some things that need to be fixed with the game before I could say this is a fun game. It is interesting at that and I do recommend it but in its current state it needs more work, obviously this is still in alpha so it isn't complete yet. The thing I find difficult is making water and without it you will constantly die out which sucks because you have to go through so much just to make water. I think if the game solved that issue it would be alright. The planet is basically shared with everyone and is one huge map rather. This kind of destroys the purpose and I hope it can change to make everyones experience on the planet unique. Overall to sum this up easily, it's a great game you can play with your friends, its challenging, however don't expect a finished product or something like NMS and other games since they are somewhat complete. I would keep an eye on this one, especially when the updates roll in."
76561198076755019,Not Recommended,402710,32203363,Posted: 5 June,all,Like_a_block,Would probrobly be fun after the early access
76561198061300060,Not Recommended,402710,32206189,Posted: 5 June,all,Stealthwipe,"it pains me to do so, but I can not recommend this game at the momentbefore the updates I had a complete base (single player), a star ship and a a rover. now (after the updates) I spawn next to a lava river (where I never was in the first place) and my ship is gone. I haven't made it to my base yet, but seeing as the map changed, it probably won't be there either (especially since I didn't respawn there after I died).I understand randomzing the map, but NOT on existing games where it just destroys my stuff!"
76561198048112574,Not Recommended,402710,32239268,Posted: 7 June,all,Fire Hawk7773,"As much as I want to give Early Access games all the patience I can to perform well, I have to make an exception for Osiris, especially for the price. I play several other EA games that are leagues more enjoyable and balanced and cost less, too. I want this game to do well, but at the moment, this thing is a train wreck. The following is from a single-player perspective:On the surface, this game is very lovely and has a lot of really cool ideas for a space survival/crafting game. Unfortunately, as we have all learned from the No Man's Sky incident, a pretty face and cool ideas cannot make all the grinding and repetion go away.At its current state, this game is frustrating and unnecessarily difficult to the point of being virtually unplayable. Acquisition of beginning resources takes hours of searching, smashing ores, and luck just to find what you need to get a simple plutonium forge going. Thirst depletes way too fast and getting water is impossible in the new update because the oxygen and hydrogen nodes are kilometers apart. The introduction of ingots to the game makes things even worse by pulling players even further away from the starting line. It takes far too long to get a base going, and many of the structures are just indoor/outdoor variants of the same thing.And this is WITHOUT any monsters. Good lord, the monsters...On the LOWEST SETTING for their health, damage, and spawn rate, about 90% of my time in this game was trying to fight off these things. They come way too frequently while I'm trying to harvest resources, there is no warning for their approach, they take to much of my health, and the game has such low speed during a fight that landing a hit can only be by sheer luck alone. Not to mention that upgrading weapons means locating resource nodes that are crawling with these OP abominations. In the end, they made the game unplayable for me.Tl;dr: Until the developers balance out the resource distribution, thirst depletion, and nerf the hell of of the monsters so that beginning players actually have a shot, don't waste your money on this game."
76561197980658215,Recommended,402710,32247983,Posted: 7 June,all,Teh_Commanderer,"I have been playing this game since 1.007 and I LOVE it! I see alot of reviewers not recommending this game but look at the amount of hours they have played? This game requires patience and I mean ALOT, If you have add or adhd, this game is not for you. It is not your typical 'survival' game and it will get better! I am going to stick up for this game because who else will. I was very disappointed at seeing mostly negative reviews, this game deserves better. Please iggy those comments and give it a try."
,Recommended,402710,32260847,Posted: 7 June,all,GuGuGaGa,its kinda frustrating when your water supply isnt enough before i can make the dome habitat please make it easier thanks
76561197998922096,Recommended,402710,32264368,Posted: 8 June,all,custume,"Osiris New Dawn, (Early Access Review)Looks like a great game, the main focus of the game looks like is survival but with a space flavor to it.Right now the game is 60% made and have great graphics and game play, nothing to do at the moment, big sand box.Pros;Great scenariosPlenty of life speciesbuilding and scavengingmassive sand boxSeveral mechanical goodies to buildCons;Still in beta (basically), so missing several thingsBuilding stuff is a pain, lots of grindingSounds all mess up, different in the volume of several soundsFor starting players can be strange and hardGet attack constantly by wild life (they spawn like on top of you)no clear line of construction requirementsWell for me this game still needs a lot of work, having been playing this since a long time and now I decided to buy it and recommend it.The game have lots of potential and can be great, aside the stupid grind like waiting to smelt resources one at the time, the game actually have lots of good things.I give it a 6 out of 10(for the moment, I can change later on)."
76561197997470422,Not Recommended,402710,32294521,Posted: 9 June,all,Suma,"""Try to find hydrogen simulator 1.0"" 0/10Seriously though, this game has potential, but it needs so much work right now to even be able to enjoy your first hour of gameplay that I can't recommend it to anyone.-Resource nodes need moved around and certain ones are too rare (or perhaps bugged and non existant in my world gen)-Player movement physics are awful right now, it feels like you're moving around in heavy oil and a 1 inch ridge in the ground will some times stop you cold from a dead sprint-The tech tiers lack focus and progression, and many things that should be easier to craft are FAR up in the tree. You start  the game with an assault rifle, but if you die and dont run back to your corpse within 8 minutes to loot it, good luck progressing in the game. You wont be able to craft it for a very long time, and the alternative of melee weapons doesnt work with the games current movement physics and enemies with far smaller melee hitboxes than their art."
,Not Recommended,402710,32297501,Posted: 9 June,all,Twisty,"I used to have a lot of fun with this game. I didn't even mind the content wipe when they changed the map. HOWEVER, there's problems with the new map. Resources are now spread too far apart and are more scarce, so it is nigh impossible to get enough to set up a base with the starting supplies of food and especially water. Also, enemies have all been given a HUGE strength and health boost, making combat more grindy and early game more miserable. Not to mention the horrible issues of monsters clipping through your structures and killing you from the outside still remains, which has been a glaring problem since the game was released. This was a step in the wrong direction."
76561198148011449,Recommended,402710,32514744,Posted: 17 June,all,Alfie Nicholson,"Amazing Game, well done to the devs for creating such an awesome game that is sucking several hours out of my week, great combat, a sci-fi setting, aliens, all of these contribute to making me happy"
,Recommended,402710,32757901,Posted: 24 June,all,SpeakerRob,"Initial play through last year was very positive. I could see there being a ton of potential in this game. My favorite elements is 1) how alien and foreign the environment feels 2) the subtle survival-horror aspect. It is my hope that they continue to support these two facets of the game, while simultaneously beefing up the science gameplay."
76561198342812475,Recommended,402710,33015422,Posted: 29 June,all,wolfpup125,its a nice space game but you need to know what your doing or else it will punish you
76561198091539334,Recommended,402710,33110137,Posted: 1 July,all,RedFox1482,All this game needs is to have a better movement quality and more missions wit more tutorials and its a good game for early access!P.S. the ship in the begining disappears when i log back in to a server...
76561197980259837,Recommended,402710,33118525,Posted: 2 July,all,buzzsaw,"Quite good, I am very happy to have bought this game and I have had many hours of fun playing it."
,Not Recommended,402710,33175031,Posted: 3 July,all,JoKse3,"So this game looked and is amazing it has loads and loads of potential in it, but its really hard to do ANYTHING me and my friend spent 3-4hrs building a goddamn forge and a crafting table, mining is hard because you apperantly cant craft a chisle   ,ant cant even get somewhat of a dome or just somesort of a habitat, resources ahhh where do we start... they are scattered really idioticly and in my oppinion way to hard to get! for now i cant find titanium litteraly anywhere... and it looks like a simple resource... So i cant recommend this game in its current state. Peace!"
76561198316138852,Not Recommended,402710,33209329,Posted: 3 July,all,matt200500,"It is fun at the beggining, but once you get space ships, it gets boring.DONT BUY"
76561198071307923,Recommended,402710,33305807,Posted: 6 July,all,Axecess,"The game is great, it's still in early alpha so people should stop complaining and support the development process. It's only going to get better. Sure there are bugs and some things are unfinished but it's still great fun to play."
,Not Recommended,402710,33355680,Posted: 7 July,all,endead,"Damn,I though this would be fun,and after Subnautica I had no clue early games could be THIS bad.And the worst of all,I can't blame no one,but myself.I really should have seen the reviews first.I look forward to not make this mistake again.Definitely not worth 20 bucks,hell,not even 10.Overall:First time was fun and everything,but after 3 hours it will get boring,especially if you're playing alone.I've played better early access games: 6/10"
76561198079058254,Recommended,402710,33391740,Posted: 8 July,all,chuckles9999,"First of all, I would like to start by saying that half the people who wrote bad reviews are finding the game unenjoyable because they just aren't giving it a chance. They refuse to put the work in and therefor don't get the reward. Don't let that scare you away from a game that has been loads of fun. The new update does make it difficult to begin with, but if you are smart you can get everything you need quickly, and become insanely powerful. Someone should make tutorials.Now.I enjoyed the crap out of Osiris: New Dawn, seriously it was incredible.The landscapes are breathtaking and, for an alpha game, are incredibly non-glitchy.While grinding resources can become a bit boring, especially grinding for rare drops like diamonds, it makes the end result all the more rewarding. I can't wait to see this game as the story developes and new features are added.My only complaint is base building. I was looking forward to building a massive base, with 5 habitats, a bunch of barracks and farms and so many hallways. I was dissapointed to see that I couldn't build another habitat anywhere near my original base. At the current moment, bases seem slightly underdeveloped, at least in the structure, the interior is quite good.Thank you for making some awesome space exploring dreams a reality!"
76561198007590246,Recommended,402710,33450760,Posted: 11 July,all,roaani,"I'm so sad to see people not understanding the essence of early access and therefore throwing out bad reviews and generally being really rude.I like this game a lot. It has huge potential and is very beautiful.I get people are frustrated when they ""lose"" hours of work on bases and such but that is what you support when you play early access. The whole point is you want to ""help"" and support the developer of the game because you see a potential in the product.So all in all I think it is worth the investment because the developers actually do a lot of work on the game and it is in constant development (yes sad thing your base gets nuked when the landscape changes but that's just how it is) and at some point the planet will be fully developed and then the clean starts should hopefully cease.Keep up the great work you have my support at least.Robert from Denmark"
,Not Recommended,402710,33534274,Posted: 14 July,all,Acecool,"This is nothing like the videos - You land and immediately have to go into your inventory and duct-tape your visor, which then appears perfect in-game - but this isn't made clear, just that you have a breach and duct-tape isn't the first thing that comes to mind if your entire visor glass is essentially missing because you won't be able to see...Creates come at you, seemingly from nowhere and attack. High monster mobs stalk the spawn-zone and the flashlight is useless because you can't point it and it gets cut off. On top of that, the mobs are both nocturnal and not at the same time without any disabilities during either phase so the scorpion things run at 50mph and know exactly where they're going in night-time and day-time and it is impossible to kill them when they flee.Mobs get stuck underneath things, and can't climb onto all rocks, but the LARGE mobs can enter a dwelling that is smaller than their leg and still attack you from inside, or out. Scorpions stuck in your building can walk through the walls.I know this is an alpha and I'd love to test the features, but a lot from the videos isn't implemented for subscribers to test so it's just a grind-game which I don't have time for."
,Recommended,402710,33567119,Posted: 15 July,all,The BlackBuster,"Alot of these reviews are crying and complaining about the new update and the limited pistol ammo. I like it.  You have 3 options here - 1 play single player 2 - play multiplayer public universe or 3 - play multiplayer private universe.So far I've done SP and MP Private Universe.  Single player is rough and takes some time getting your feet wet and to be able to get moving. MP Private Universe you can set Alien spawn - resource spawn etc, and it sets the tone for how you want to play the game. You dont have to pay or buy a server from a 3rd party like other games.As of now the game is good. I've been playing with 3 other friends and it almost makes the game easy. when you have 4 people building  and gathering resources you can have a fully functional habitat in a few short hours. As of now the game is worth it. Its hard but its not impossible.You can explore one other planet as of now and asteroids in this system.  Im sure they plan on making it several planets which would be awesome.  New planets new monsters etc. I think this game will do great things.  On top of that Id be willing to bet this game gets to BETA before DAYZ."
76561198005417487,Not Recommended,402710,33575246,Posted: 15 July,all,Lediard,"The bugs are impossible to kill with the resources, or lack thereof, given.  Its an exercise in frustration and respawning.  Would pass and refund again."
76561198044486396,Not Recommended,402710,33591198,Posted: 16 July,all,Metebacsi,"In short: Terrible.Problems:- Opponents are teleporting, not moving (it's like 0.5 frame / s teleportation) can't even hit them like this- Can't find basic resources to craft anything- Party invite doesn't work- Continuously dieing even in lowest difficulty- Terrible fps- Bit annoying controls"
76561198173603245,Recommended,402710,33617536,Posted: 17 July,all,Crucifix Soldier,"Its a really good game, i enjoy playing it a lot, the beginning is kinda slow, but once you get everything set up its really, really fun...but be careful if you have a low performance computer"
,Not Recommended,402710,33652489,Posted: 19 July,all,RushP69,PLEASE TAKE BACK THE UPDATES THIS GAME WAS A LOT OF FUN IN THE BEGINNING WITHOUT THE ♥♥♥♥ING SKILL TREE AND THE NEW LAYOUTS WTF U GUYS JUST RUINED THE GAME
76561197970269074,Not Recommended,402710,33942243,Posted: 31 July,all,General3,"TL:DR: The game has tremendous potential, but wait until the devs have more of an understanding of the direction they want to take the game and have the basics implemented before you buy.It seems I missed the glory days of this game. Each review I've read paints a picture about how the game used to play much better and have more of a flow than it does currently in July 2017.You start off after apparently crash-landing on a moon and whatever tools you start off with depends on what class you choose. You then grab the few scattered supplies and make a run towards land (which is outside of the flat desert sandy area you start at). From there you get to experience trying to level up using a bashing rock for everything and you get to try to make sense of the skill tree. The unlocks are not setup in a logical progression. You attack creatures for combat XP, trees for Science XP, and ore nodes for engineering XP. Creatures spawn to attack you as soon as you start hitting a banana leaf tree or ore node. Because your starter equipment wears down quickly, you are stuck with using a rock for the initial phase of starting out as a new character. It seems like the game was built to be played in 3rd person because it runs choppy and many animations are missing for 1st person perspective. Every time you pick up an object there is a second delay as it plays the 3rd person animation.The graphics are great and it really draws you in. It creates an atmosphere that matches the theme. This game has tremendous potential. If the devs are able to define a clear purpose and direction for the game and then be able to implement it in a timely manner, then we will be looking at a AAA class gem of a game. Unfortunately, this game isn't there yet and until some things change I will not recommend the game in it's current condition. I will change my review to a positive review when the game is more on track and the devs find a consistent rhythm."
76561198199942502,Not Recommended,402710,33967028,Posted: 2 August,all,STU,"aweful game.If your just starting out i hope your willing to spend hours nott playing the game and just watching tutorials online.Instead of running you do a stupid shuffle. not fluent at all.Controls are bad. need to spend time remapping buttons.Inventory menu is the worst ive ever seen. first time you open it you wish you didnt.got shot and killed 30 mins in, lost my stuff and counldt figure how to make a hatchet. Tried for half hour and gave up. Dont fancy watching a 30 min video online just for the 10sec it tells me what im doing wrong.Honestly there are far better survival games out there.save your money for something playable. Great concept. SSSOOOO bad in practice."
76561197978949490,Recommended,402710,34913636,Posted: 12 September,all,Sir Prize,"Yes I got Killed by a Giant Sandworm thingy on the 1st day. Yes I ran into and Urchin thingy on my way back and punctured my suit which I now can't fix cause the tape is on my dead body that I'm running to. Force kill (which made my geared up 1st dead body disappear), delete character, knash teeth, start again.Yes I AGAIN got killed by a giant Worm on the FIRST day, but after that my Lost Planet instincts had kicked back in and the worm is pretty easy to dodge, the meteors are scarier ( I swear one of those is gonna swat me 1 day).Yes you will have to walk long distances. Yes you will have to farm a fair bit of resource. The walking is easy and pretty and fun boot boosting up mountains. The resource mining is speedy once you get a conduit bender and that thing also nails local wildlife pretty well. Said wildlife is also the best source of healing early on, cooked alien meat just like Grandma used to make.Can be a bit frustrating navigating at the begining if you make a hut and save it sets that as the new origin for start and respawn and forgets the previous ones, I just got my Printer built and now I can build/plant Beacons. Now it's game on!Feels like Subnautica/Lost Planet but quieter.... so far. The planet you start on reminds me of Borderlands, dunno why.1 day later.....I have a hoverbike............... everything is fast and easy now! That thing is so fun!"
76561197982998959,Recommended,402710,34914943,Posted: 13 September,all,Thundarren,This game is unique enough to be interesting.  I have enjoyed my time while I learn the basics of the game engine.
,Recommended,402710,32864146,Posted: 27 June,all,The Rabbit,"Hard to get into, but once you find a good place  to live and get resources you just grind until you can get the spaceship which is op. 9/10"
,Recommended,402710,32870264,Posted: 27 June,all,"armin, arm-OUT","BJdkfgihrg;jlds  (SPOILER ALERT)So, i must say I did not know what to expect of this, but the presentation and some of the reviews gave me a rather good impression of the game. Wrong. or maybe not. Anyway I decided  to stay away from the multiplayers games for awhile (LOL players will know). So I went with the single player mode.(This will be me complaining, you can skip this. Just scroll.)*Cries* I am not truly skilled when it comes to combat but this game made me going coconuts.<SPOILER ALERT>I take a step and these aliens creep on me, I try to mine there it goes the music and they are there again, I just peacefully walk, guess what they are there again. Not only am I to struggle with them, but also the control is too hectic. One of my characters had a gun and it was ok to take them out (until I ran out of ammo), but in close combat no way Jose. Like I try to chase they run faster or I run out of stamina, or if I try to wait for them to attack so I can land a blow, well that's it. I can't doge or parry or anything, maybe just jump.Rock, rock, rock, rock....That's how you make level. I mean I like the challenge and the system of not having an overwhelming amount of resources, but come on. Rocks??? No, really come to me rocks, come.Bananas everywhere....Space bananas and berries were entertaining. hit a tree with my tools I got a berry. Didn't know what was I expecting. With this games it's always like kinder surprise whn it comes to farming/mining/gathering.That tower...So I was all alone went to that thingy tower I saw in the distance. All the boxes/crates/lockers where empty. My looting soul died.I was thinking that this is definitely a type of multiplayer game. Solo you're kind of yolo.Back to the part when I stop complain.So nice athmosphere if you aim for a horror atmosphere. It is face-paced game; you are always on the run, them aliens. Oh, and the aliens are nicely made and by nicely made I mean nightmare fuel, both in appearance and in behaviour. Go for the gun.There were any friendly life forms, probably the nasty buggers ate them all. The scenery wasn't so bad. I am fan of desert type of environment so it was peaseant to the eye.I can't say I recomend this game, unless you are into this kind of stuff. Me I decided to wait for more updates. So probably will stay there in my library unplayed.I am not the kind of person to get hyped, but this wasn't to my liking. Maybe when I'll get back into multiplayers I'll have more fun, but until then I'll wait."
76561198273677974,Not Recommended,402710,33291395,Posted: 5 July,all,Big Poppy,"to hard of a game, bodys are flawed  mechanics for the skill tree are just ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ would not recommend to people with low tolerance"
76561197974344888,Recommended,402710,33598002,Posted: 16 July,all,SystemiK,"I won't bother to describe the game in detail as there are already hundreds of reviews which do a better job of that than I could, but I will offer a few of my thoughts.First of all, I LOVE me some survival and I have many hundreds of hours playing such games (DayZ, Reign of Kings, Rust, etc.).  There is something wrong with me that makes me crave that kind of grind and I totally get my fix on the gradual grind/progression/reward that these kind of games generally offer.That being said, having put 18 hours into the game over the last 3 days, my overall feeling is that it is simply devoid of any ""fun"".  It definitely scratches my itch, and I feel compelled to stay on the treadmill, but the meter (at least for me) leans way more toward the tedious side than it does toward the fun side.I would imagine that playing with friends would up the fun factor quite a bit (I'm playing solo on a private server so you need to factor that in).  If you are planning to play with friends you are much more likely to have a better experience than I did no question about it.I'm not giving up on this game as there is plenty of time for it to come together before release but at this time the best I can say is that it's like eating a very dry sandwich.  If the dev's can manage to whip up some secret sauce in time for release it's probably gonna taste just fine, otherwise I feel like I'm probably gonna choke on it.I'm giving this a thumbs up for now....but just barely."
76561198155561549,Recommended,402710,33613176,Posted: 17 July,all,Nova Hellcase.com,"When I first saw this game on steam and watched the video, I was stoked. This game (according to the video) was the exact game I have always wanted. So, as you would imagine, I got the game. I regret that. The game was a shell of the video. In 30 minutes I built everything, explored, went to space, and killed everything. The biggest problem for me was the fact that when I went to space, I could not go to other planets or even interact with the space station. This was just like garbage day all over again. An amazing video, but a sucky game. Now that it's been updated a little, I will say I could recommend this game because I am starting to see a shape in this game. Some things were annoying in the update like that fact that building has been barriered by skill points. It could be a good game, but I still wonder if it will."
,Recommended,402710,34912232,Posted: 12 September,all,Scarecrow,"I honestly love the game even in its early access phase. I would totally recommend it, however multiplayer at this time is laggy and not optimized. I have a gtx 970 and it seems that im getting 15-20 frames on multiplayer vs single player a stable 45-60 depending on the location."
76561198010801475,Recommended,402710,31404252,Posted: 27 April,all,Degel2660,I played and tought that htere couldn't be much in it but there is there really is
76561198020511664,Not Recommended,402710,32224539,Posted: 6 June,all,Haerken,"Wait at least two years maybe more to even try it. I bought when it was playable, New game engine and planet changes made this a grind and it has no fun to it any longer. To few developers trying to do to much at once."
76561198257837778,Not Recommended,402710,32243672,Posted: 7 June,all,Kempy,"i would have recommened this game about 4 months ago when it actually workedno materials are spawning and enemies have clipping issues plus they are stupidly hard to kill with your potatoe gunran out of water every time we started a new server you can last about 3 days max (if your matt damon)devs have ruined this game for me as it was a great game when i first got it but the recent updates,patchs etc etc have completly dropped this game in my eyeswould not recommend unless it was bought for you (even then id debate to accept it)please bring back the old osiris we all know and love"
,Recommended,402710,34915566,Posted: 13 September,all,Virosh Siegecraft,"Even after many roadblocks and bugs, this game has so much to offer, combat, construction, exploration, and spacefaring adventures!  The new custom base building features just add to the fun I was already having!"
76561198071832442,Recommended,402710,34986664,Posted: 15 September,all,Chapunicus,"I know there have been a lot of mixed reviews based on the decision that the devs have taken to stop working on the project temporarily. However based on what they have so far I think it is a good start. I enjoy the environment in the game and exploration factor. The game does hit on a lot of the same notes that other games in the survival franchise have done, and it really doesn't do anything better than those other games....yet. I am giving this a thumbs up because I see the potential and I want the devs to not give up.Pros:-Great graphics-Interesting story'ish (has potential)-Has a creep factor that was unexpectedCons:-Poor resource mining.-Bad crafting mechanics for beginning game – for instance you should be able to make something that has a decent chance of mining resources and not breaking when starting out. Resources are already a hinder to gather, but to have an axe break as quick as does and harvest little rss is not very nice.-Navigation tool needs some work – doesn't make a lot of sense.-Fix the turd that comes out of the ground – Gave me a jump the first time I saw it, but by the second and third time it just made me laugh. Looks like a Turd coming out of the ground with corn nuggets stuck in it.There are more pro's and more con's but it is EA, so I don't want to harp too much until I see more. I think its worth picking up if on sale – it provides some entertainment and if the Devs come back soon I think it will do great."
,Recommended,402710,25786929,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Porta1987,"If could rate neutral i would but can't and it dont deserve negative as its decent and very early with massive potential. The game seems really well made and graphics are nice, just the thing with me is i got bored very quickly i dunno why as was really hyped for this but i just did. Im going to wait a while before i play it again and hopfully the devs have done a lot more work to it by then. I absolutely love survival games and i love even more a good space game so to me this game should be a dream just ATM i feel as though somthing is missing this why i got bored quickly. From what i gather as well its a lot more fun if you play in a group and unfortunatly my friends are not into space games like i am :(Once i start playing again i will update this review accordingly but for now im going to wait and keep an eye on the development.Good luck to the devs keep up the good work and cant wait to see what final product you come up with massive potential. Maybe focus a little more on people who play solo a little more in the other classes that will be unlocked later in development."
,Not Recommended,402710,27780680,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,LordxBalrog,"played for a few hours, first thoughts: your going to be mining, A Lot. so I really hope you enjoy mining. Then throwing down some prebuild stuctures and then mining some more. Then, walking for about 40 minutes to find some other ore to mine.  Then dying, then walking 40 more minutes to pick your ore back up. But wait, your death maker disapears after like 5 mins. Way to much miningcombat is fun at first, then its just an annoyance.Suggestion:There needs to be a way to get around faster near the start of the game. You're to slow with to much ground to cover.Bugs:Also, the hit box for mining is Very Bad, I had to be Exactly Nose to Nose with the ore (no more, no less.) to mine it, this includes having to crouch to mine most ores.When i died and respawned in the inflatable room I was unable to move. i pressed Every button on my keyboard and mouse, nothing. so i had to leave the game, came back and my death marker was gone.(This game has some serious potential, I will be monitoring it closely and I will update this review if my opinion changes)"
,Not Recommended,402710,28957950,Posted: 2 January,all,Palette,"Servers are down since hours and hours... All community is reporting, and no news from devs...This show a lack of experience and professionnalism. AVOID this game for now !"
76561198015509798,Recommended,402710,25811727,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Vllth,Even game not ready yet ..It already better then No man's lie! Twice as cheap Twice as good and Twice better grafics
,Not Recommended,402710,25866409,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,GIMPEH,"It might be cool in a year or two. Right now it is clunky and basically nothing is finished.The devs have a long way to go before I will recommend this game. However, I do recommend keeping an eye on it.It is not currently worth their asking price. If the price drops down to 10 bucks, It might be worth it. but 25$ should buy a game that is FAR closer to completion.This should never have been released this early. The only reason I am not refunding it is because, like Ark, I think that this game actually has some potential. Assuming the devs can figure out a way to seperate worthless clunky controls from the concept of difficulty in their own minds.It's bad. The FOV is horrendous. The 3rd person is horrible. (although it is worth mentioning that I have never said that a 3rd person system is good for shooter games) You cannot sprint and have a tool out. You cannot store tools in the air. Building is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. Controlling things is a headache.The mobs are pretty freaking cool. I almost♥♥♥♥♥♥my pants trying to dodge what I can only describe as an epic Dune worm.A lot of the concepts that are being incorporated are fairly cool IMO. But I have said enough already.In summary, don't buy it yet unless it goes on sale. But keep an eye on this game. It really might be a diamond in the ruff. (yes I know how to spell rough)."
76561198011947943,Recommended,402710,25866021,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Frostbitten,"it was a lot of fun, but there is a major lack of content at the moment, so after playing for about 8 hours, I ran out of things to build or do. The world is what you would expect of a mars like planet, but a barren red wasteland gets REALLY boring after a while. I have high hopes for this game, but they probably wont be fufilled for several months. That being said, I do like how the devs have been issuing updates very quickly to solve bugs."
,Recommended,402710,25866180,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Kushaja,"If you like survival open world games witha nice scifi twist and a future to look forward to, I can advise you to buy this game now and watch it grow."
76561198061638747,Recommended,402710,25845989,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,⎠⎠  TheMilkman™⎠ ⎠,"Osiris: New Dawn gets a 7/10 for now in my book. I started out and was having fun instanty, with a goal to get a shelter, eventually make a spaceship and fly into outerspace to explore. I also love to take fancy screenshots and this game is great for that :). I had a blast fighting aliens and trying to farm resources. But then I found out one crucial fact that brought down this games rating by 2 whole points for me. In the gameplay trailer it specifically shows you flying into space and flying around in outer space. I assumed that would be added so that you can atleast do something in space, but unfortunetly according to other players there is nothing to do in space yet. Literetly NOTHING to do but fly around in the emptyness. Once Im able to experience it I'll see how it goes. They are working on a second planet to fly to, and that will make the game go up by 2 points, because there will be more insentive for space flight. I still recommend this game over No Mans Sky though. That game Sucks"
76561198059139388,Recommended,402710,30913266,Posted: 2 April,all,RagingSeraphim,Took a jont through the Abbadon Crater and nearly got devoured by a giant sandworm twice!  The human feces reclaimer got a lot of use that day.10/10Would crap my pants all over again.
76561197983721238,Recommended,402710,29907914,Posted: 13 February,all,hurensohnologe,"I started playing this game with 4 friends. 25 hours into the game we have already seen the whole game.- it is beautiful and has a deep atmosphere- its crafting system is intuitive and logical- you can play PVE or PVP which is so satisfying because #notoxiccommunity- it's MULTIPLAYER > you know? the real one! not the ""i cant see other players but it's multiplayer hue hue hue""the price is fairly high for an early access game BUT if the devs continue working on this it will turn outas a nice and solid game.it is basically a grown up version of ""paymoneyforfalseadvertisementandbuyanuncompletepieceofagametheywantedtocallnomanssky""buy the game if you want to spend good hours with your friends or by yourself.i thoroughly recommend this game."
76561198313178156,Recommended,402710,25840100,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Aminoooooooor,i do like how the game is made like the martian but still it lacks fixes for lower pc gamers
76561198104153027,Recommended,402710,26530795,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,ViolentCubans,"I have played so many EA survival/crafting games lately and I can honestly say I am more excited for this one to be developed further than any other, Osiris: New Dawn has so much potential and I really do hope the devs stick to it.I have played 18 or so hours and have enjoyed pretty much every second, obviously it has it's bugs but it has only really just been released and the updates/fixes are coming quite frequently - Aliens can be a bit glitchy but other than that not too many problems.I recommend this game to people who enjoy the survival/crafting and are willing to wait for content to be added.Oh and the hover bikes kick♥♥♥♥♥♥to ride so definitely make that a priority ;)"
76561198116063574,Recommended,402710,26738667,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,V1VID,fun game
76561198207675332,Recommended,402710,28521767,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Shepard,"Fantastic!It's pretty much like spcae engineer, but it's based on planet."
76561198017999339,Not Recommended,402710,29992709,Posted: 17 February,all,Jukebox Dawg,"Too many game-breaking bugs, random crashes from server. There is a very long way for this game to go. Until then, i can't recommend it."
76561198179569841,Not Recommended,402710,30322827,Posted: 4 March,all,KritterBizkit,"Cannnot recommend at current state. After just a little bit of gameplay, I got a refund.  I'll definately buy again after some more development. has potential."
76561198011657297,Recommended,402710,30613229,Posted: 19 March,all,Scorpion,Very impressive game.
,Not Recommended,402710,30963495,Posted: 5 April,all,GBL™,"The game is pretty, it plays pretty smooth but their is a huge lack of things to do in its current state, playing single player there seems to only a handful of types of enemy and all are op, i saved the game and reloaded the next day and all of my inventory and my assault rifle had disappeard so i had nothing to fight them with and died repeatadly every time i spawned so had to start a new character, the graphics look good, the game is promising but its not £20 worth of game in its current state, its probably 10% of a game, so ts a thumbs down for now."
76561198292049808,Recommended,402710,31168258,Posted: 15 April,all,BIGWAR65,the game is badass
76561198112548841,Not Recommended,402710,31466171,Posted: 30 April,all,Statler,"I tried to keep playing the game, but it's just not fun yet.  I played it when it first came out, but didn't play long.  I saw the new patch come out last week and thought I'd give it a try. It's still not very fun.  I just feel like I'm running around all the time for no reason.  After finding a mine It got boring. The mine just refreshes ore everytime you zone so you can just grind ore that way.  You can drink sap with a bottle and harvest rubber from a tree so there isn't much need for tech.  If you die and have to logout you lose your body and your starter gear.  It's pretty tough to make a new gun starting off.  Everytime you login or zone it's daylight again.I died just now because my jump thrusters didn't work right before i was about to hit the ground.  It's something I do all the time.  This time I just clicked No and uninstalled the game.  I'm done.  It's sad. It really looks like it has potential.  That's why I made the full price investment so long ago.I'd probably keep playing it if it wasn't so laggy. I'm on an MSI i7 16gig RAM, GTX 770M and 250gig SSD.  I've turned the video down to what they call ""Toaster"" and it's still horrible. Trying to shoot something is like mixing cement."
76561198362572622,Not Recommended,402710,34072559,Posted: 6 August,all,Capt. Ahab,:(
,Not Recommended,402710,34103435,Posted: 8 August,all,Gen0,"Had high hopes for this game after reading about the developers involved and the dedication that ""appeared"" to be behind it.  This was going to be my ""Ark in space"" game I have been waiting for.  Alas this game has just lingers in my Steam library a frustrating waste of money."
,Recommended,402710,34640356,Posted: 31 August,all,"Darth Nihilus, Lord of Hunger","Basically Rust in space, but actually fun with a better community."
76561197975651938,Recommended,402710,34749352,Posted: 4 September,all,Busdriver4054,"Obviously its EA so dont get it expecting a full, complete game.What is here is the groundwork for what I think will turn out to be a pretty cool game.Lots of base building, survival aspects, even a story, although a short one, and what looks like could be cool pvp stuff in the future.Right now though the game is very short. I think I have like 8 hours on this and I've nearly reached the end of the available content. Its very grindy, but with friends im sure it would be fine. Once you make a lab and the vehicles there isnt much to do, you can travel to another planet but theres nothing to do there, and a few of the vehicles arent implemented yet including the mech suit, which was a bummer as i spent a bunch of time mining asteroids in space to be able to create it.Anyways, Great foundation, not a lot to do yet."
76561198258450296,Recommended,402710,34907495,Posted: 12 September,all,Daedricprince,It's very good game and i can't wait till it acctually gets done
,Not Recommended,402710,34941917,Posted: 13 September,all,Praetor Xjun,"I wouldn't recommend it just yet.After playing off and on for a few months (trying patches, etc), the game still feels clunky and rigid. The premise is neat, and the cooperative aspect can be fun if you're able to find a buddy or two.It does feel like they placed more emphasis on making it look good, though, rather than content and depth. The slow, gradual improvements to content are nice, but I do not recommend puchasing this game for $25 in its current state.If they lowered the price to $6-10 to match the amount of building, exploration, combat, and environment diversity.... maybe. Just wait."
76561198159181036,Recommended,402710,26699111,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Logic,Pretty fun to play with friends and good for solo aswell. I recommend this game if you are into survival games and space stuff.
76561198088316777,Recommended,402710,29159421,Posted: 10 January,all,karmalex,"Absolutely gorgeous game set in space, it reminds me of Subnautica in a whole new way!This game has a surprising amount of content and detail for it's file size, 1,8GB roughly.I like the idea of you being dropped off on a planet and survive with limited resources and a robot to help you out.It is also nice the way you construct things as the longer you hold the construct function the sturdier your structures become.This is also very well optimized as my pc does not seem to have any issue running it at 4K at a smooth 72 fps.I definetly do recommend you to buy it, you won't regret it unless space exploration games aren't your thing."
,Recommended,402710,30999571,Posted: 7 April,all,"A Little, Sad Robot","If you are into interstellar survival games, why aren't you owning this. It is the best survival game ever6 stars out of 5"
76561198152360372,Recommended,402710,25901793,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,scotfusion,"<EDIT TO OLD REVIEW>I HAD to change review because this is AWESOME GAME. So much had changed so quickly since I refuned. I now know I should have stuck it out. Awesome game. The balance and custom balancing is awesome. Graphics, sound direction is good. This gets a 8/10, probably 9/10 for coolness factor."
76561198015734051,Recommended,402710,25760446,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,🅻🅸🆀🆄🅸🅳,"Game is awesome. Got ate by giant space tremor♥♥♥♥♥♥monster, screamed like little girl as beat my keyboard trying to escape."
76561198119995799,Recommended,402710,25787644,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,maethcombat,"VERY GOOD GAME WHAT NO MANS SKY WAS SUPPOSE TO BE BUT!There are some things that need to be looked atbetter support for gamepads: its there but there needs to be better keybinding and options for customization and make full use of itimprovement to tutortial: when i first started my I.P Ranger (Intersteller Ranger is what I call him) was sufficating and it took me to the point of him having %0 oxygen to realize you're suppose to use the duct tape to seal back up the suit. if i'm gonna start in a tutorial then there should be arrows and explinations given as I traverse the planet until i've had completed every obejective in thoroughly knowing how to survive on current planet i'm on. including eplanations on what in my inventory, what can i do in my inventory and whats need so i can gain access to item in my inventory.other then that... BRAVO GENTLEMEN BRAVO... WAIT! few other things...improve animation forjumpingrunningusing weaponsusing toolsyour droidminninginteraction between your ISR and mobs/NPCs (if any)NOW I'M DONE AND ONCE AGAIN FENIX FIRE BRAVO AND WELL DONE... and  just make these slight adjustments."
,Recommended,402710,26331833,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Grogl,This is the best game EVER!
,Recommended,402710,26530327,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Myrmidon_Achilles,"Looks beautiful, challenging and has stable FPS. Has all basic content as far as I can tell, though singleplayer is a little lackluster and feels very mundane but the multiplayer with a friend is very fun. I can't wait for more content to become available :)One thing I would like to see is a basic crafting table for before the Habitat one, where can craft basic power source such as solar panels parts to power the airlock and such...it's very odd that a forge and airlock etc have power from nowhere."
76561198060071241,Not Recommended,402710,27739563,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Roadkill,"Running and running and running. The two hours I have played this game, I haven't gotten anything interesting done. What seems to be a promising space adventure with really badass late-game tech, is filled with a terrible TEDIOUS running mechanic. All I have done for maybe 80% of my game so far, is run to get materials for machines that require even more materials to make their products. There is the alternative to run and jumping with the boosters, but in the latest patch that got updated with a really cool thing! FUEL. I now get to go from point A to point B even slower now! Isn't that great?!  I don't recomend this game solo, but I haven't tried the game with friends. I would recomend this game solo if the team made it more rewarding early game to actually get the materials to make, I don't know a ♥♥♥♥ing segway for all I care. As long as it makes getting materials easier and less fustrating."
76561198094148806,Not Recommended,402710,28174559,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,MiteeGrimm,"I like the game, the graphics are great to top it off.  I can speak only for myself, but the game had frame rate issues.  I only played single player, and at the start, ran great.  Then after I began exploring, the frame rate slowly declined, until finally the game was choppy and wasn't playable.  If/when this gets fixed, I'll upadate my review, until then..."
76561198062283438,Recommended,402710,28543075,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Rebc5000,"BEST GAAAAAAAMMMMMMMEEEEEE EEEEEEVVVVVVEEEEERRRRR Top 10 games of all time in my book. If you need to look up some tips, do so. there isnt much story so you cant really spoil it."
76561198034740338,Recommended,402710,28543615,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,screenbreaker,"I am really a total newbie in this kind of game, but I've been playing a few of these recently (ever since I really really really regretted paying for no man's sky). For the most part, I think this is a great game for a beginner as it is really quite intuitive, it looks decent enough on my good-average rig and is really quite addicitive. I hope content will grow quickly and keep things interesting. I haven't really touched the multiplayer yet though. Considering it's still in development, I am having a ton of fun playing, so I definitely recommend it."
76561198001504960,Recommended,402710,31557091,Posted: 5 May,all,Disney,"Still a work in progress (hence early access), Still bugs (some reoccurring), Still could use more content and stuff to explore.  That said, I'm really enjoying the updates and pouring many hours into the game.  You've got many land vehicles, a spaceship you can travel between the two moons (I understand more planets planned),  Base building is pretty good but still needs work and more stuff needs added, Has a very Star Ship Trooper feel mixed with with Empyrion.  It's not voxel so you can't deform terrain and resources are nodes that respawn in the same areas which is kinda boring.  It has a pretty good skill/stat system which is still a work in progress.All in all, if you can deal with a few bugs and if you like a game where you can explore/build then this early access game is a good buy.  It's even better if you have a few friends to create a colony with; though I do recommend PVE servers as their is some serious PVP griefing problems.All in all, I get what the devs are going for here and it's pretty good stuff; has a nice feel.  As long as they keep patching and developing then this game is staying on my hard drive for a long time."
76561197991844714,Recommended,402710,34340277,Posted: 18 August,all,Rex Smashington,This game is amazing.  The new patch which hasn't dropped yet but you can opt in to the beta test is amazing and fixing most of the negative complaints of the game.Melee combat is 100% fixed in the new patch.  Crafting recipes are filled out with no more coming soon blueprints that make you waste your skill points.  Night time you can actually see more than 6 inches in front of you.
76561198255570006,Recommended,402710,34483290,Posted: 25 August,all,Steyr,I have 89 hours with only 10-13 fps in game but i don´t care because i think it has big potential.1. GrafikNice. Well made.2. KombatHard but nice3.SurvivalSome grinding but its ok4.EnviromentBeautifulIt is a nice game in my opinnion
76561198009357680,Not Recommended,402710,34503221,Posted: 26 August,all,Sulltorcha,Graphics are good and it shows promise with a nice skill system. But the movement is horrendous in addition to you getting stuck on every tiny edge on the ground or enviroment in general. That in itself makes the game close to unplayable for my part and i can't really recommend anyone to spend money on it yet. Fix that and it'll feel alot better. Looking forward to checking it out again further down the line.
76561198088181351,Recommended,402710,34907921,Posted: 12 September,all,The Old Dragonslayer,"The game has some amazing details, with people giving it the mixed review of late is confusing and almost perfect for a early access game, it can get a bit dull at times, but it does generally pick itself up. I do suggest this game, or at least will support it's continued development in the next couple of updates to see what they do. It is a good sign that an update for a game came out so far and I have been watching this game for a few weeks now before I decided to buy it.Pro's:Briliant Graphics, ""Experience the high graphic quality typically only found in AAA games."" it is not far from wrong to describe the product as this.Adjustable difficulty, when a game is described as being an editable format to a player, it usually isn't true, but this game is highly customisable and geared towards personal or community experiences.No nonsense enviroment, every step in this enviroment is deadly, from stabbing your suit with a cactus all the way up to being eaten by a giant alien worm.Well made crafting system, for a game with survival parts, it really is a fun game.Con's:Weapons can be fidgety.Needs more stuff (Although this is early acess and is taken into account.)Needs mod support maybe?Needs more caves.A way to flatten terrain. (Honestly just me being picky, but I can live with it.)Summary:The game is briliant and fun, it is under-development and it has some amazing features that I can get behind 100%. I hope the team making this game reads this and is compelled to move forward with their project. I would not like to see this game go down the drain at all. Keep up the good work!9/10"
,Recommended,402710,34908491,Posted: 12 September,all,Rocketman,"Really fun game, picked it up yesterday with a few friends and we've stormed through each tech tree quite easily. Hopefully when the game releases there will be more solar systems/more planets to visit for each one which are kitted out with different enemies, resources and survival strategies etc. Combat system could do with a little refining, enemies are a bit glitchy and the fact that guns expire is a little ridiculous as the resources to build them are a bit of a ballache to get when they don't last too long. Also hope there will be a good few more missions. A LOT of potential for this game if the devs work on the right things and don't go onto a path like ARK. Really do love it."
76561197971044296,Not Recommended,402710,35036228,Posted: 17 September,all,Tazzoman,"I can't recommend this game. I feel like it has potential, but still has a long way to go. 7 days to die and Emprion have way more depth and more playable. The crafting system feels unthought out and not very fluid like other games, as well as the skill tree. Metal progression also feels odd, I feel like I spend most of my time looking for the right kind of ore than building. I enjoy building a crafting in sandbox games, and this game lax in both of those areas. Combat is also very laggy, I didn't like the idea that I couldn't host my own server, but I still gave this game a shot and created a private server on their system. Mobs will warp around and glitch. I played on Easy which I didn't know it would be super super easy. I leveled and had most skills in 10 hours. It also lacks a goal, understandble its a sandbox game, but these games need a goal to keep it interesting, other than just survive and build. 7 Days to die did a great job at that, taking the sandbox idea to the next level by adding tower defense elements."
76561198034887319,Recommended,402710,35078988,Posted: 20 September,all,Thunderfartman,"Unplayable atm. Only last about 5 mins in multiplayer before glitching out from a server error, and in private universe I came back to a game and everything inside the habitat disappeared. Also when building multi levels, the structure tries to automatically put legs down and it blocks the bottom path. the update broke the game."
,Recommended,402710,26740920,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Eren ✅,I suggest waiting till the full game comes out so you can play with your friends on your own server easier. My friend and I were spawned in really far away and we tried find eachother using the map but we failed.
76561198313625257,Recommended,402710,29117307,Posted: 8 January,all,EMRamirez,i have 8 RAM and everything els but it still lags! ulenns that i like the game alot besides the lag please fix that.
,Recommended,402710,31000359,Posted: 7 April,all,[VG]⦕Project⚡DarkStorm⦖,Just...SSSSSSSSPPPPPPPPPAAAAAAAAACCCCCCCEEEEEE!!!!!
,Recommended,402710,34505309,Posted: 26 August,all,SHUTZ,"Came back after a long break due to content and now opted into the beta the game is wicked good, loads to do and while still atm quite short its great fun to play with friends. solo play is also good fun.once beta is fully release this game is gonna be insane and still so much potencial"
76561198102191815,Recommended,402710,34948522,Posted: 14 September,all,xKuFsE,Well at first i wanted to write a negative review that because at the moment there isn't planty of what to do in this game but  its fun game i think it worth buying because in the future the game will be a beast and becuase its quit of fun you know fighting monster hunt for valuable resources explore planets (currently there are 2 planets in the game) and you also can do it with your friend so my review is defenitly positive because this game is awesome now when its not completed yet. imagine what it will be.
76561198303714052,Recommended,402710,26506909,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Langford,very nice
76561198009804063,Recommended,402710,28571962,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,GrizzlyWanker,GOOD
,Not Recommended,402710,29376175,Posted: 20 January,all,Diggah,"I umm'd and ahh'd over whether to recommend this game or not. In the end it comes down on the side of No .. BUT with the caveat that this is still early access (I think) and so there is room to fix what makes it poor currently.The game itself isn't too dissimilar from the Minecraft trope we're all familiar with: Start out with nothing, hit crap to get materials build and try not to die. It looks a lot prettier than MC but its still the same mechanics really.I was hoping for a semi realistic space sim with proceedural landscapes, vehicle building and exploration. Whats currently there is a fixed planet (now 2 if you are able to get offworld), a few vehicles, not much worthwhile exploration and a cluck ton of nasty things to kill you.I personally didn't care for the wildlife so turned it off, but still got chomped on by a big sand worm once in a while. The Tech tree is a bit small and the items that can be crafted are limited. All in all I hit the top of the curve in my play through and I really have no desire to play it again. Although there are other things to craft, none of it feels worthwhile. The building system is functional but a bit limited in terms of placement and looks.Also odd things I found that really annoyed me. I couldnt take my helmet off or even give it a wipe. It has nice effects that add water splatter and fogging to the visor, however you can't get rid of it which is one of those niggling annoyances that builds and builds. The lighting is also a little iffy. Im not talking the game engine but rather the actual in game lighting you can build. My habitat was pretty much shrowded in darkness at night due to lamps being terrible at actually casting light and the buildings having little lighting of their own.I appreciate its early days and that things will be added etc, however the longevity of this game seems to be limited in its set piece landscapes and worlds, it seems a bit flat somehow."
76561198012754201,Not Recommended,402710,29947619,Posted: 15 February,all,laxi2610,"Pre release survival games must not be for me, I found very little to strive for here, surviving is easy and a few hours later you´re in space.  Putting this one on the shelf until final release, until then it´s a skip."
76561197993790782,Recommended,402710,34054336,Posted: 6 August,all,Veritas,"We've had a few rough updates and the game is not good as it stands. It started off pretty sweet and full of promise, but suddenly they reinvented it with a huge ammount of unballanced features. It's an unrewarding chore to play right now.However, that huge ammount of features and the reinvention are pretty darn promising if you ask me. Sure there's an aweful lot of tweaking to go, but they've put in a tonne of work and they're still on it. I believe in this team. I believe in the vision, and if you're up to giving input on the ballance issues, and baring with a few rough patches. Well, the journey has been fun so even if things are bleak at the moment."
,Recommended,402710,34907759,Posted: 12 September,all,Spartawinz,"This game adds all the aspects of a survival game especially when it comes to single player. It applies the feelings of being alone, helpless, and fear. The enemies are now balanced to a point where you wont be killed every time you try to engage an enemy. The art style is very good and runs very nice on a decently beefy computer. Yes this doesn't run on a laptop right now but in the future when the builds start stabilizing they might add support for lower end computers. When developing it would be dumb to apply support for the whole spectrum of computers out there since the fluidity of early development. For those of you who have lesser grade PC's be patient, when the game comes out completely then you should be able to run this game without hiccup.*Complaint*Cannot run doom on the computer inside the decryptor computer."
76561198019530362,Recommended,402710,35173037,Posted: 24 September,all,hardrockisintheair,"It is good, considering it's early access. The first hours of gameplay are amazing, but you quickly reach a point where you feel there's nothing relevant to do.In other words, the main problem of the game is the lack of content, but the content that's there is very good, and they keep adding more, so it looks very promising."
76561198140930790,Not Recommended,402710,26688752,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,GravX,After this update...  all  my building keep disapearing save after save... games is broken now it seems.. will be waiting till its fixed... not wasting my time on this anymore for the time being.. Once this bug is fixed ill try it again I know its an early access...but thats a pretty major bug... Logging in tto a floating chemistry table with tons of gold lead and lithium missing...
76561198089104464,Recommended,402710,34904580,Posted: 12 September,all,OldMan,"great early access game... still lots to impliment, but getting there."
,Recommended,402710,35052704,Posted: 18 September,all,Beauty and The Brew,"Osiris: New Dawn is a exploration and survival game. You get to explore planets and face the hostile lifeforms that inhabit it.As it currently stands there is only two major moons you can explore and build on, they plan on adding more.+Base building is fun and has a lot of elements (Water Reclaiming, Waste Management, AC/Climate Control, etc).+Exploration is fun, you can build rovers and other crafts to help explore the landscapes.+Has hidden mines and other landmarks which can be raided. Mines often have threats lurking inside.+Maps are well made and look great. Day/night cycles are nice and so are the weather effects.So far the game feels very solid for a early access and while yes it is lacking a lot of content I still managed to put a good amount of time into the game and been having a lot of fun. The game will only get better with time, the dev's seem really set on making a good game that people want to play.I look foward to seeing what else comes to this game."
,Not Recommended,402710,35265561,Posted: 28 September,all,Jassu.YT,"A loty of work being done, I go back every few months to see the changes. Still needs lots of work, spend 15 hours crafting a base only to have some of the structures and items go completely missing... on single player"
76561197970480628,Not Recommended,402710,26443777,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,theeviloverlord,"I don't normally write reviews, but i'm here out of frustration.Let me just start by saying i'm a big fan of rust, so am used to grind of survival games.With Osiris you get your weapons at the start and you can only build more when you have certain structures built (and you can't build these until other ones are build first. So I put 5 hours in this morning building up my base, but on a run to collect mats to build a fabricator I got jumped by 3 aliens who took me down. when I ran back to loot my body it had a waypoint marker but wasn't there, so I lost all my weapons. without the fabricator I was trying to build I can't build any more and without weapons you can't get more materials (you get jumped by aliens nearly every time you try and mine something).I've tried sneaking around to get new mats, but as I say, the second strike on a resource node brings all the aliens running, so effectivly i'm stuck and my only option is to start again.Osiris has a lot of promise and I like the idea of it, but the early game is extremly hard. it takes a lot of resources to get going and they seem to be scattered across the map, and quite scarce, it feels more chore than fun, but maybe with a group of mates it might be different."
76561197989048791,Recommended,402710,28476384,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,01-$HADOW,Perfect game for the $$$ alot to do for early access
76561198052898025,Not Recommended,402710,28607592,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Michael Christy,"Game looks good, plays OK, but is extremely boring.  Storm after storm reduces visablity, monsters attack more during the storms making it difficulty to survive a challenge.  I don't get the stupid ranking system, it makes no sense and you can't level up the way you want, everything is by chance.  AI has to much control over the game, perhaps this game will be better once its updated over time, but for now, it is just not worth it."
,Recommended,402710,29328282,Posted: 17 January,all,Mar,Shot a giant snake into the air an started to juggle him.10/10 would juggle again.
76561198015709171,Recommended,402710,30303823,Posted: 3 March,all,Messmint,"That is exactly what i was looking for!Start with nothing on a strange Moon and build up your habitat and vehicles.Explore other bodies in the solar system full of adventures.Fight (or tame) strange alien lifeforms.Changing weather conditions and day/night cycle is just awesome.Best Early Access i ever played!Can't await the full game release.It still has some bugs and if your ego can survive a few setbacks from that bugs, you should go for that game.I recommend to start a private universe to learn everything there. Public Servers are infested with cheaters andpeople who like to destroy things with no reason.On the other hand i met alot of other mature guys, who grew up with the same fascination for Sci-Fi like i do.Helping a stranded stranger on Aziel who became a new friend and other heartwarming stories can be yours with that game. ;-)"
76561198069881352,Recommended,402710,31516626,Posted: 2 May,all,Calzy,This game is♥♥♥♥♥♥ass when you are bad at puzzles like me.
76561198305484850,Recommended,402710,31543681,Posted: 4 May,all,arceiousplay,"very good game, has quite a few bugs though as expected. new map cant find carbon and lots of the resources that are nesecary are very far out of the way. my suggestion is build a hover bike asap, game is really good though."
76561198030336925,Not Recommended,402710,35233621,Posted: 26 September,all,Flashand,"Far far too many glitches to even partially recommend to even help the devs out.This is PRE alpha concept.Terrain issues, cannot walk on non flat groundCreature issues, they spawn on top of you, and usually inside the character model so you cannot get away from them.Water issues, there is very little. good luck finding any.and that is only the first few minutes, as i have yet to make it past 1/2 hr with out a creature spawning inside my suit."
76561198047413469,Recommended,402710,25758169,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,HOBO KING,"This game has so much going for it, very soild base mechanics which i love to see in EA games. After all the only way is up after all. Still early, but if you enjoy supporting good games this is one of them. Think Subnautica in space, with mutiplayer. yeah."
76561198206211127,Not Recommended,402710,26401739,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Peanut,"very disappointed. great game and has potential but is very far from playable at this point. every time I log in all of the structures I have built, i.e. hours of work, has completely disappeared."
76561198193836951,Recommended,402710,34905173,Posted: 12 September,all,JustSheep,first 5 min it got a little dark and then i got a heartattack of a random rock
76561197978923182,Not Recommended,402710,34958620,Posted: 14 September,all,:Marv:,"Right now, i cant Recommend this Game. It looks great but has a little to no Content. Bought this game during Midweek Madness for 15 bucks.After 7 Hours of gameplay with my buddies, ive reached the content Cap. There is nothing left to do. If you are looking for a great space survival crafting game, buy Empyrion instead."
76561198086245724,Recommended,402710,26739557,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,calihead,love this game its still in early access so can't wait for final game
,Recommended,402710,28886785,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Wunderwaffle,"A very fun and exciting game, however it is somewhat buggy and lacks content. To give you some more info, I'll list my singleplayer and multiplayer experience.Singleplayer:Day 1:Wandered around wondering what to do, got some basic resources and hid inside my inflatable dome for the night. Creatures attacked the dome and started killing me through it. At that point I 'noped' out and went to Multiplayer.Multiplayer:Day 1:Spawned in, got supplies and had a laugh with some other guys in chat. Told them I was new and one, named Ethan, came to get me from spawn. I wanted to see the worm so we went through the craters, though I was always looking in the wrong direction. Then an Outlanders guy, (enemy faction) named Ghost, walked up to me, dropped some supplies, and when I grabbed them and turned around, he was gone. I would later learn that he was a very friendly guy and always willing to give supplies to people. The vanishing act was performed with a bike. He drove past us just before we decided to stop, though I didn't know it was him. We found a great base location and set up there, placing a lot of structures off the bat as Ethan had a lot of resources. Another guy, named Royal, joined our Colony. Royal eventually went off and I gathered supplies for Ethan.Day 2:In a very short space of time, Ethan had managed to build a host of vehicles, two mechs and a bike, as well as a GAV (a sort of armoured truck with a gun mounted on top). The bike made things much easier, and before I knew it Ethan had built TWO ships. We flew into space, messed around for a bit and built a small base on Aziel, the other planet, though eventually we retired back to Proteus 2, the starting planet.Day 3:I flew around on Proteus 2 in my ship, stopping to greet some people and give them supplies. A guy with no name was scaring people, making creepy comments, etc. He told me he would find me. Later I found a pretty cool base while flying around and noticed a guy there, so I came in for a landing, all of a sudden I was shot down and running on foot, and was finished off. Turns out it was the no name guy, and when I got back I realised he had the ranger class, and he gave me some vague answers about the TCP connections not being encrypted and that's how he got it.Days 4-6:I took a while trying to build a new ship and eventually manged it. Nothing much else happened.Day 7: Using my new ship, I went to space and tried to go to Aziel, upon which I was disconnected 'by ServerLogic'. The ship was stuck in orbit while I was stuck on the ground.Day 8:Base was destroyed by the no name guy because our automated turrets shot him. We only had our domes left, and a bike that I left in the desert.Days 8-10:Re-built base, met two guys named Zergpooh and Hunterrosir. They helped, as well as Royal.Day 11:Made a new ship and flew into space. Base was attacked by a mech, which are not able to take damage. Base was completely destroyed and we were forced to make a new one, Zergpooh and Royal died in the attack when no name turned up. Hunterrosir had his internet go down about 15 minutes before. No name gave me a sniper rifle, a weapon not even implemented yet.Day 12:With the ship, Royal and I scouted for a new base location, and eventually found one and set up, then after a 50 meter travel I saw a mech, so I sneaked towards it to see who owned it. The Colony number looked awfully familiar so I checked  it against our number. It was our mech. We had base 50 meters away from the old base.Day 13:With just Royal and I, we decided to look for diamonds in the large caves. I planned to go into space and then find the caves from there (they were that big) and then place a beacon there so Royal could come. I went there, but it was impossibly far for Royal to traverse. I decided to wait it out in space after Royal discovered different diamond caves right near our base. I got disconnected again by ServerLogic, and lost my ship. Again. I had to walk all that distance back to base, but had to divert when Royal was attacked at the caves. He had died from starvation, and some of his loot was missing, including an expensive pistol, so we thought a guy there had stolen it. We didn't get it back, and returned to base.Day 14:I logged in to find the new base gone, and just the mechs left (because they're invincible). I went to Steam and tried to message Royal telling him to join, but he had removed me from Steam for some reason. I tried to add him again, yet he declined the invite. To this day, I am awaiting a response from him and have asked Zergpooh and Hunterrosir to add him in order to ask why he deleted me."
76561198053495923,Not Recommended,402710,33168031,Posted: 2 July,all,biggo1975,"I have been playing this game for a few months and fell in love.  It had just the right amount of farming without bogging it down with endless grind. The updates were always good and helpful. Then  they did a massive update and made the game super grindy and more difficult.  I did not know they were going this direction.  If i had known, i would not have bought this game. I will keep tabs on this game but will stop playing."
76561198067207576,Recommended,402710,25844797,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Dawg711,I bought this game today and I feel the need to add my opinion here. Like the biggest part of people that bought the game i am amazed at how well it all looks and works. So many EA games at this stage are so much less than where this game is. Truly can see why Ark is mentioned when talking about this game. The graphics are really nice. The gameplay is easy to learn but challengeing to master. Considering the age of this EA game I recommend it to all that enjoy survival games.I caution to those that think EA games are finished over night. Or those with low end PC.Keep in mind that as this game moves forward and things change the game will get better. The resources this game calls on your PC for may increase. This means today the game may run great on your PC. Does not mean that in 6 months this will be the case if you are just over the requirments.I feel that warning needs to be put out there for those that are new to PC gaming or maybe just dont have the ability or time to learn about some things. I think this team like others will work very hard on this game. Hoping we can build a community that supports them 100%. Who knows they could repeat some of the good things Ark has done. First thing comes to mind is Coimmunity requested content.
76561198019073989,Recommended,402710,25866235,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,961414077,"Lot of potential, lot of bugs, lot of fun."
76561197970916475,Recommended,402710,25885068,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,(N☆G) Jackal ★JJ★,"The game has a lot of potential and from the looks of it, the dev team seems really eager to keep working on it and make it amazing. What they have here is basically a space verison of Ark or Subnautica and I think they know it. Its very limited currently but you can already feel that this title with some development be as great as either one of those games.Right now I can't really recommend the game, although fun, from a single player experience only, you can easily make everything and do everything within 3 hours. I haven't built any of the vehicles besides the space ship but if the developers keep expanding on this game, add more materials, more buildings, fix bugs. They'll easily have an amazing game.If you have the money and love space exploration titles, get it. It is fun. If you don't know weither or not to buy it currently though, easily pass and add it to wishlist and follow list and just watch and see if anything will be added on to it."
,Recommended,402710,33606927,Posted: 17 July,all,Grim [RUS],Need Russian language
,Recommended,402710,26263367,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,SHOCKCABLE,"// COMMANDER VIN //10.28.2016This is the best space survival sim out.Build your colony from the ground up , harvesting resources and then building modules.Everything from a habitat to to vehicle construction.There are some minor bugs like, sounds of the vehicles not presentor random thrown in the air after boarding.Other than that, this is a great open world survival game.I can't wait to see it finished.TO BE CONTINUED...OVERALL:7/10"
,Not Recommended,402710,25776146,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Pip Boy Roy,Osiris: New Dawn is a great idea for a game and I truely hope it hits its full potential. We need more aspirational games like this. It only proves that indie studies are the steady constant future of people who really care about gaming. But as of 9/29/16 I can not recommend this product in its current state.Hitboxes and controls are clunky. Not true full controller support. Monsters are cool but they do not group up and outflank you as promised. Single player works fine for the most part. Multiplayer is where the most fun is supposed to be happening but it barely functions. It is a laggy mess and I have not seen a server below 99 ping. Or hey maybe its me and my 1080 can not handle the game? I look forward to seeing this game blossum in the future and really hope these devs stay on track as I look forward to seeing more content from them.Final score 6/10
76561198102052243,Not Recommended,402710,25845343,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Tali'Zorah nar Rayya,"Fun for a while...but... You can construct everything with three friends that is in this game in under 3 hours.  The playable area is very small, once you venture to the edge it's just endless desert with nothing it it.  You can go to space, but there is nothing there, just a space station with zero collision.Will be keeping an eye on this one and will re buy it once it's finished, for i refunded it.  Great graphics tho.  Lots of potential, just nothing really good is implimented yet so wait until the live version to purchase it or else risk getting bored of it really fast."
76561198016036298,Not Recommended,402710,26689346,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,william.govier,"Well here we go again, updates absolutely backwards! Everytime there is an updated ALL your precious time (month) spent building managing and exploring gone to waste just because of lausy updates - push to talk! What the F! Why? I like to play as a single player, I dont want it I dont need it and yet everytime there is a dumb update you ruin my game save. So is there any point of playing this game until its finally ready!!!!!!! Since the last update (November). AGAIN starting all over, my dome has somehow dissapeared. So what, waste more weeks building again to then get another update? I dont think so............................Anyone wanting to buy this game wait until its out of the misery of updating its final stage. As otherwise it will be a boring repeat, repeat, repeat, repeat, every time.( September 2017) Well decided to give it another go, many things have channged, but I still feal that this game should be fininshed before playing seriuosly, as twice now my GAV's got stuck inbetween an edge of a rock, so had to leave it, then built another only to the drive along and it dissappears with me walking again? how frustrating !!!!!Do I build a third, HELL NO........I will wait again for another god knows how many months before attempting this nasty game...."
,Not Recommended,402710,28559436,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Zephyr,"I wouldnt recommend this game at this current state. Not because lack of content or anything. It's a minor issue to some and it can be a major issue for others. LACK OF FIELD OF VIEW SLIDERS!!. The default FOV is intolerable and 5 minutes into the game; one can experience a major headache(may varies open every individual). Its 2016 for god sake not 2006 and its on a PC not on a console where lacking of FOV wouldnt be that much of an issue. Although you can play in third person mode but it wouldnt be as immersive as first person view.As for those who doesnt have any issue with small fov, you can totally ignore this rewiew/nitpicking."
,Recommended,402710,25747240,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Noob,Spawn.Swing Hatchet thing.Try to hit a red bush.Red bush is bad.Try to hit a tree with hatchet thing. Doesn't do anything.Build Infaltable dome house.Gather mats for structures.Build the Habbitat.Build the last wall.Habbitat gets destoryed somehow.
,Not Recommended,402710,28766459,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,youtube.com/djblyatman,"I did not want to give this game bad review. However, I am going to give it a negative review hoping that developers will see this and they will improve their game.The game is perfect from its idea. The graphics are beautiful and I like the idea. The game has a lot of potential.However, there is a big problem. The game has very big bugs like missing textures, very very low fps in multiplayer even if you have good PC.If the game gets more polished, I will definitely buy it! Please developers, do not abandon this game. You are on a great project, just polish it a bit more before selling it for 20€Thanks!"
76561198041242500,Not Recommended,402710,31609046,Posted: 7 May,all,Húrin,Literally like 5 things to do....-mine-build (3 objects)-get ****** up by massive op monsters guarding the minerals.- listen to nice soundtrack- get bored of all the crashes and lag.2/10 would not recommend
,Recommended,402710,25761895,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,A Smoking Space Crab,Spawn on planet.Build Shelter.Kill a Crab monster.Get killed by Shai-Hulud.Get killed by Xenomorph.Rating:Arrakis/10
,Recommended,402710,30948534,Posted: 4 April,all,Drenamow,"Will be a short review!Good Things:Addictive gameplay, really want to forward in the game!Cool bases to craft containing a dome made of glass, which you then can stand in watching out into a sandstorm. Really cozy!Really fun with friends as you can create a private server, no port forwarding needed! :DBad Things:Annoying aliens.Gets abit repetetive sometimes.WILL EXPAND IN THE FUTURE, NOW LET ME GET BACK INGAME!"
76561198166881235,Recommended,402710,25941720,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Spacemutant14,"-Purchases game-Starts it up-Names character Matt Damon-Builds inflatable dome-Looks for titanium to build forge-Finds titanium after 2 hours-Gets eatten by giant spaceworm, loses everything10/10-Would get eatten by giant spaceworm again"
,Recommended,402710,34892716,Posted: 11 September,all,(eKo) ASS-FACE (Valcourt),"Love it!!! cant stop playing. VERY VERY stable, specialy for a Early acess! good graphics, and the sound effects are crazy... keep up the good guys!!! WORTH EVERY PENNY!!!"
76561198035098228,Not Recommended,402710,31180284,Posted: 16 April,all,TeeWRX,"Honestly,  The game is fun.  Picked this up for a myself and a friend to play.  played for a couple hours.  both of us died and lost all of our weapons and no way to get them back as everytime we respawned there were 10 of the huge aliens killing us.  Friend had to start a new private server and he spawned in with his ammo box in a tree that he couldn't get to.... Same thing happened now neither of us can delete the private servers and start fresh.  This has been an ongoing problem since October of last year.  This should have been addressed a long time ago as this is a game breaker.  Devs need to get their priorities straight.  I may return to this once this simple fix is in place but until then I'm sticking to Space Engineers since they actually listen to the community.  Bad Business here...."
76561198311059423,Not Recommended,402710,32729602,Posted: 24 June,all,Tom Hansen,crashed 3 times before i made a avatar.
,Recommended,402710,25760328,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,XtraChase,This game has a lot of potential
76561197989586075,Not Recommended,402710,34300951,Posted: 16 August,all,Reaper,Closed beta for a paid Alpha...Enough said there. I dont care what reasons they give. The point to EA is to test the game and give feedback. I would understand a beta branch but a closed beta branch? Pshh lol pass on this one guys to much shady crap going on in the backround.
76561198041174144,Recommended,402710,32058197,Posted: 30 May,all,WARLLAMA,Aliens are worse than humans (for once)Is an early access game which people apparently never take in prospective and is alot of fun however that being said there is alot of bugs and glitches which can ruin the experiance.Such as an alien falling out of the sky on you.
76561198151757003,Not Recommended,402710,32804748,Posted: 26 June,all,Nighthawk,I have a 140 hours in this game it was a good game but ........Please read all the Comments before you buy the game . You may want to wait and see if the game is going to be fixed ? Was a good game but it going down hill fast . This game is haeding in the wrong direction . Going from good to bad . No clue what the developer are thinking or maybe they don't play the game ?
,Recommended,402710,25759078,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Oblaque,This game is highly seductive.....
76561198040493498,Recommended,402710,34823970,Posted: 8 September,all,❤Serath❤,"*puts on horse mask* ""I LOVE IT"""
76561198026332583,Not Recommended,402710,33887681,Posted: 29 July,all,Igneous,"The updates have killed this game. You no longer start with any gear. Might as well call this ""rock bashing simulator"" because that's what you will be doing... For hours... and getting slaughtered by aliens non stop."
,Recommended,402710,32810513,Posted: 26 June,all,YoSpaceApe,"This is a great game! There were some problems, but alot of them are fixed now. If there are bugs, the develepors know, and thats what makes this game great.Each update makes the game better. There isn´t much in the game yet, but there will be later on.I do see alot of negative reviews but I don´t agree with them....I DO think its already worth the full price. If its on sale, you should definetly buy it!"
,Recommended,402710,33935275,Posted: 31 July,all,Fishsnail,"wow so many complaing its too hard, it can't be that hard if all it takes is five hours to get what you had before,  yer lets start with guns a house and everything when we first start the game, survivile games don't work like that, they are supposed to be hard,this game is ok, just remember its early access nothing is set in stone, and it has come along way since it was released, yes the game may be harder, and so it should be, it was a walk in the park before,but just go watch videos on it, and then, decide if you want to buy it, don't take the word of most salty players here, they had it too easy for tooo long!"
,Recommended,402710,28480664,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,[TGTF-ADM]ghostrider4576(1C-80),Very addicting
76561198110835286,Not Recommended,402710,31400943,Posted: 27 April,all,Kur3iko,"After the update Osiris New dawn is just broken. I can't even play  it on low settings with an average graphic card. Before the update, it have run perfectly and yet it's just laggy."
76561198041758342,Not Recommended,402710,29287218,Posted: 15 January,all,LibraAirDragon,"If this game is still $24.99 USD I wont recommend getting this game. It has some mind blowing features such as a gigantuous worm that jumps after you if you are in certain craters and meteorites that spawn periodically. and even some things people have been looking for in survival sandbox games for a long time, such as being able to build a mech, a couple of different land vehicles, about 5 different structures, crafting a couple different guns and items to help you survive, two planets, and even a simulated extreme environment conditions. The only thing I have to complain about is the amount of content, or how easily and quickly most of the content is explored. Take it from me, i've explored everything and have less that 20 hrs of gameplay. At the current state this game is worth $10 to me."
76561198049490615,Recommended,402710,31759002,Posted: 14 May,all,eliteblade46,"Blah blah early access survival crafting game wah wah this ones acctually worth a damn like many out there.I know a good deal dispite the hours ive played and i havta say this is a game with major potential but i know potential isnt a selling point so lemme give the skinny.PROS:-infinite world (i think)-plausable scifi (a rarity)-craftings great-eye candy for fellow space/scifi bros and gals-cool hoverbike-dat mechCONS:-you NEED a gaming computer or else graphical anomalies will run rampant, not an option as far as i know-bases arnt as intricate as games like subnautica-best expirience seems to be with local fauna disabled or at lowest setting till some spawn reduction gets added-resources take forever to respawn or dont at all so gathering materials prompts an ever increasing trek the longer you playDepends on taste like all video games but i say its worth it at full price, for sure worth it on any kind of sale.7/10"
,Recommended,402710,26089711,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Gay 4 Bae,Alpha but still fun with friends
76561198016380266,Not Recommended,402710,26009127,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,TritiumFusion,"This game tries to merge two different genres of gaming, Realistic Survival and Survival Shooter. Before you play this game, its important to know that you can choose to remove all monsters from your server/play session.You need resourses to build things, and the more you gather, the slower you become.Once you have enough to build the starting building, first then the game tells you that you need additional resourses as you need to build its walls too. Back to finding resourses. If you placed your base wrong, the game will give you 80% of your used materials back, I personally think it should be 100% to keep the game fun, but I digress.Once your first starter base is up, you'll quickly need Hydrogen Gas. An enormous amount. You'll make about 8 trips with 7 gas canisters to have enough to build your first advanced structure. Still no signs of vehichels, as ALL VEHICLES are endgame.Once you build a vehicle, and it really doesnt matter which you build, gathering resourses becomes a breeze. It doesnt just make it easier to gather resourses, its faster too, and each vehicle have cargo space, so this is basically a win condition in regards to survival.The monsters need much work on their AI, and general polish, and seeing as its in Early Access, I'd advise to play without them as they can attack you inside your base.Another note, the vehicles and their storage dissapear after closing the game, and only the vehicles are re-spawned, and if you don't read this then you'll learn by losing your cargo.The game have huge potential, and the devs seem alright, though also overambitious with plans for several moons and many more things which right now seem unreachable in the games current state. I wish they would fix the current flaws/bugs and THEN focus on exspansions."
,Not Recommended,402710,31848412,Posted: 19 May,all,Kraymes,I wished this game went in a different direction. Crafting system is tedious and exhausting. Maybe once I get a hover bike this will be a tad bit more enjoyable. Spending 30 minutes running back and forth for hydrogen and carbon is a little crazy.Unfortunately the Aliens have serious clipping problems and are extremely buggy. I built a base and still died inside of the base by a giant claw clipping through the side of the building.I would love to see the direction of this game phase into more event based catastrophes. The challenge of sustaining water and food. Destructive storms and massive alien attacks. Instead of a giant crab that takes 5 minutes to shoot down.Droid is a cool concept that allows for base protection and removes some of the tedious aspects.It's early access but certainly not worth $25.00. Hopefully they have some updates on the direction that they would like to take this game in.
,Recommended,402710,25762998,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Tywin Lannister,This game is fun. But it doesnt have any space travel yet.
,Not Recommended,402710,32668133,Posted: 22 June,all,Nar,"Too early in development. Repeatedly getting hooked, and then shreked in doorways and large openings in general gets old fast."
76561198067663643,Recommended,402710,32859868,Posted: 27 June,all,♛King Carter♛,"This Game is Godly. Favorite. Monsters, space, friends, air pressure, food, water and most importantly weapons!"
76561198048332327,Recommended,402710,33735945,Posted: 22 July,all,Fírkrawler,Osiris is one of a kind. The sensation of being in a diferent planet with harsh atmosphere is done real nice in the game. There is an horror feeling when you go into a cave that really makes you look back all the time. I hope the game keep growing with a lot more planets and outer space stuff to do.
,Not Recommended,402710,33950639,Posted: 1 August,all,DonGiga,"waste of time, waste of SPACE..."
,Not Recommended,402710,33613658,Posted: 17 July,all,LamShank,"Honestly... this is the worst £20.00 ive ever spent my money on. Like most user reviews that i have read from, this game started promising and has now gone down the toilet. i wish i could get my £20.00 back because this game is a pile of garbage. It is as generic as you can get. You spend hours apon hours grinding to craft the most basic and most essiential items for your survival to only get bombarded by ""coincidental"" passing enemies to get torn to shreds. Absolute pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥ 0/10 would not touch this game with a ten foot pole."
76561197990900314,Not Recommended,402710,33656515,Posted: 19 July,all,Cyanicide,I didn't really appreciate being killed without being told how to patch my suit up.
76561198026779725,Recommended,402710,25820111,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Alps,Mark Watney would be proud
,Not Recommended,402710,26397419,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Hyron [EZ],"Not that good.It is interresting and it could be verry amazing when its official realesd, but at the moment the game is pretty boring. There is nothing that realy like holds you to play this game for houers. You'll just let in your steam Library and never touth it after a few hours."
,Recommended,402710,32795859,Posted: 25 June,all,SPOON,"Loving the the gameplay from the new patch! The feeling of survival is now very real. Tools degrade (a bit too fast but that can be fixed). The start can be tuned for your playstyle. The graphics, oh man the graphics are incredible. It's a step in the right direction and I hope they keep improving the game in the same way.For any new players just know that it may take a little bit to get the hang of things. Be aware of what's on the groud. Use your scanner to scan things. The scanner is your best friend. This game will not hold your hand and I've got to say I like it that way. But others will not. If you're looking for a tutorial then maybe this isn't for you just yet. If you're looking for a game with a lot of fun gameplay and the feeling of real survival with no hand-holding. Jump right on in!"
,Recommended,402710,34395565,Posted: 21 August,all,Otakuneow,"Well I accidentally deleted my character and now I can't create a new one, like seriously, I cannot click that last button that finalizes it. But beforehand It was fun."
76561198133088232,Not Recommended,402710,29699055,Posted: 4 February,all,Xtremecole,"First impressions was 10/10, after almost 7hrs I have moved to 5/10, the game gets boring very fast and i love mining and crafting, the planet is very empty.  The nighttime is super annoying, almost no visibility and this black cloud smoke that covers everything, plus rain wtf?? i hate the night and seems like its too long it ruins the game imo.  crafting for materials takes so long theres so much walking they have a button to auto walk?  Right now for the price I do not recommned this game, Subnautica for its price is 100x and more enjoyable.  Fill up the environment, put more rocks instead of hilly plain grounds, more caves, I couldnt even find a cave with diamonds not even 1 and i walked and walked and walked and walked........repeat........ :("
76561198331621320,Recommended,402710,34053779,Posted: 5 August,all,J.Nutella,IS an Nice open World Game
76561198115678776,Not Recommended,402710,26665969,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,austinjblades,Its a survival crafting game.  its nothing new or inovative weve seen this same game in a different skin time and time again.  and theres a reason most of these games die very quickly.  because the genre is limited.  you go out get x amount of minerals and build a shelter.  when its dark out you take cover and wait only to begin the process over again the next day.  now if this appeals to you then go for it but otherwise its just like every other survival crafting game already out there.
76561198004315965,Not Recommended,402710,28321852,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,umad,"Very cool concept but super early access, basically a waste of time at this point. Looking forward to when this becomes a decent game."
,Not Recommended,402710,28596838,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,miraiorigin,"Not recommended in its current stage and pricing. Everything you see in the promotionnal videos (vehicles for instance) will take you ages to build, hours doing the same rock grinding with no feeling of progression. Enemies are bullet sponges, which makes them no fun to battle. Also, enemies will never, ever leave you alone, and keep trying to spawn kill you. (by the way, the save feature does not work offline as far as I tested, you will find your inventory empty when loading your game)In short: Too long to get anywhere, too long to do anything a bit fun. This will require a lot of balancing."
76561198027207751,Not Recommended,402710,33872511,Posted: 28 July,all,Zhuuk,unplayable
76561198121409364,Recommended,402710,34761047,Posted: 5 September,all,TactiKat,If you like space You may like this game
76561198050378739,Recommended,402710,34781719,Posted: 6 September,all,SneakyPotato,Really nice graphics and huge potential
76561197991156323,Not Recommended,402710,28338827,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Zog,"Playing 0.1.081Writing this review because I saw quite a few reviews that mentioned playing this game for many hours, and I just don't see it..  I like the idea of the game, but combat mechanics are very frustrating and resource acquisition+building don't really seem very interesting yet.  In short, to me, the game seems painful to play.  I was especially frustrated by the combat.  Early weapons are not that good and one starts off with very little ammo.  When creatures hit you your aim goes all over the place making it tedious to keep a bead on the enemy, especially when multiple enemies are attacking, keeping you constantly off balance.  Running away doesn't seem to work, nor does ones base provide protection, so it's pretty much off balance shooting until you run out of ammo, die, repeat until next patch.I'll try again (maybe after 0.2) and update the review if the game stops hurting my soul."
76561198065426033,Not Recommended,402710,28523283,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Drinky Doggo,"Tl;dr: Too much for too littleCons:-1/2 of the in game items are either non-functioning or can't be built.-Multiplayer is barren on public servers.-Novelty of aliens falls off after you get attacked by the rubberbanding ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s 24/7.-Difficult to build bases on starter planet due to 95% of the world being on a hill.-More bugs than a Bethesda game (More annoying than ""game crashing"").-Only 1 playable class even though 4 are listed.-Typical survival based gameplay and no real twist.Pros:-Game is cheap.-Multiplayer actually works with friends and doesn't crash.Save your money for a game not in ""Pre-Alpha""."
76561198273730478,Recommended,402710,33900888,Posted: 30 July,all,justin.crause,"I really do not understand the negative reviews. This is a wonderful game, very challenging at first, as a survival game should be. Some of the complaints have to do with starting out in a primitive fashion, but that is basically what would happen, you crashed, everything was destroyed. Sure you're in the future and advanced, and you have that knowledge, just not the supplies, so you start off struggling your way up to your advanced tech.Survival games are meant to be difficult, no matter if it's sci fi, that's why it's called survival.Overall, great game and really enjoying it. Keep up the good work,"
76561198370509160,Not Recommended,402710,34317261,Posted: 17 August,all,bamagirl74,"I havent played this game for long but I have seen a lot of videos on it and it was a cool game before now like a lot of people said its tedious and the aliens are anoying so much to the point that the only way to suced is to get rid of them entirley and another thing is the skill tree makes no sence because its impossiable to get enough points by your selfe and the ""shelters"" that you can make now are stuped and pointless and the gun that you start with is usles after 5 shots.  and I relise Im ranting but this game needs more work"
76561197982885560,Not Recommended,402710,34450279,Posted: 23 August,all,Khazdar,Game needs alot of work. mechanics arent very well setup if you want a space survival game play Fragmented its setup better. Started a game and set it to NO MOBS so I could just explore and check out the crafting system. Well there is still a massive worm that will pop up and kill you. no warning and no way to avoid it or fight back. And if you try and go back to get your body you die again. Ya I cant say this is worth the money.  maybe in a year or 2 they might have it working.
,Not Recommended,402710,35095652,Posted: 20 September,all,XeDjent,"Id rate it 5/10 if i could. This games single players runs good, 40fps ultra settings on a mid high end computer. The story ends abruptly and is like 30 mins long at most, so that is a major disssapointment. But theres a good amount of survival♥♥♥♥♥♥to do outside of the story though if you like non story/pvp survival. NOW what makes me rate this at half♥♥♥♥♥is the online servers. I can barely run the ♥♥♥♥ing game, i get at best 10fps....and im sure that is exactly why the servers are bone dry. its insane, low garphics enabled and still 10 fps. A i5 6600k, evga geforce gtx 1060 ftw+ 6gb, and 16gbs ddr4 3600, and the best i can manage to get 'online' is 10fps. Im tryng for a refund, cause i can buy way better singleplayer survivals elsewhere..."
76561198180877701,Recommended,402710,30918979,Posted: 3 April,all,GummyWormManiac,"I love it is is great but, they need to add possibly taming or new monster and definatley 2 or more seater cars ESPECIALY space craft me and my friend were annoyed when we found out it was a 1 seater now idk if there isnt already im a new player but my friend said he doesnt think there is"
76561198288019656,Recommended,402710,26541866,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,shadow666,TRY THIS GAME IF YOU LIKE GETTING ♥♥♥♥ED OUT OF ONLINE PLAY...BEST GET THE ♥♥♥♥ OUT SIMULATOR 2016 10/10 WOULD PLAY IT AGAIN.....
76561198052921300,Recommended,402710,25745792,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,|TF| Padox,I was finally able to get logged in and so far this game is really fun! takes time to traverse the planet but once you get going and finding resources its alot of fun! lots of stuff to explore and discover! this is what NMS should have been!
76561198242191888,Recommended,402710,25874713,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,gorsedd,"Really like the game. Can't wait for the full release when everything works. Yes, the grind is well, a grind but, the materials can be fun to acquire. Hoping that the controls will allow for something OTHER than WASD which is killing my hand ;)"
76561198047510643,Recommended,402710,25758443,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,PlainOfMarathon,Awesome game! I can't wait to see where they go with it! Kepp up the great work Devs!
,Recommended,402710,32189728,Posted: 4 June,all,Crow,"Interesting, it has potential, but currently it lacks content, it is in alpha or beta, in any case, it has a very long ways to go, and its extremely poorly balanced, I've played 9 hours now and have yet to find carbon, a resource that is required to make what powers one of two things that produces water, which your character requires often, too often I would say,Those less stubborn, who often play solo, will more then likely stop playing with in a matter of a few hours and forget this game, unless they play with friends and or are extremely lucky and spawn near carbon,At the moment, I am walking in circles building the pod just to self kill when my character starts to die from dehydration, save, self kill, pick up the pod, then continue to search for carbon hoping I don't get turned around and explore areas I have already, which I haven't had much luck in that regard, I've self killed at least 8 times now.Would I recommend this game, maybe to those not easily bored, or whish to support a possibly good game, but if you require average level of new things to do, you'll more likely get bored of this game in the matter of two to three hours if that, its a good game but it has little content and not the greatest resource balancing."
76561198193765898,Recommended,402710,31729447,Posted: 13 May,all,cjleyden5,"Not Sure What To Say................Very good game, the graphics are great with lots of things to do. I havent played it in a couple months tho, gonna have start a run today cuz Im getting bored of KOTOR II... XDDon't go out in the sandstorm things, freaked me outIn all, buy the game"
76561198012965253,Not Recommended,402710,31424857,Posted: 28 April,all,Jòòm,the game is now unplayable. used to run great now wont get over 30fps. cant even begin to try the new updates cause it runs so badly. whatever they did they screwed it up big time. unplayable at ANY graphics setting
,Recommended,402710,31850526,Posted: 19 May,all,Bha!,"Looks like a decent game to play coop, I don't know how the end game will be but so far it's been great fun for some hours."
76561197992211589,Recommended,402710,25744550,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,j_termeulen,"It has a giant sandworm, you dont need more info."
76561198393235459,Not Recommended,402710,32347064,Posted: 11 June,all,burikd,"You have very few resources, so you can't start water production and you die in 2 or 3 days. Game over..."
76561197995903812,Recommended,402710,28477458,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Solaire of Astora,"Due to recent events, and communication with the developers via this review I would like to change my recommendation to positive instead. Though I still feel that the feedback and suggestion threads should be looked into more since most offer good advice for features and content that could be added to the game.Thank you brian for your response!(Old negative review).*So I bought into this game when it was first introduced. The devs were really cool and seemed to communicate with their playerbase more back then before they became popular.Now I am starting to fear that they are becoming exactly what other game developers turn into later on in development. Which is throwing out too much without even giving any concern with their feedback/suggestion threads they have going on in their discussion board.I really hope that they change this soon because as of now with how they are going I cannot recommend this game. The first sign of failure for any game that i've noticed in my years of experience is when they stop communicating with their playerbase.* (Old negative review)."
,Not Recommended,402710,34033099,Posted: 5 August,all,DreamFox_1766,"My computer has well beyond the specs for this game . Im running 8 core 4.0 amd processor 24 GB of ram and a 1070 navidia  card and this game shutters freezes and crashes constantly. Frame rate jumps between 90 and 10 for no reason. From the time I did get to play when the rng god of the frame rate would let up It was a dull grind for basic materials and due to the absolutely useless skill tress the game forces on the player , you can't really enjoy the game without 3 people. I stay away from this game till its technical issues are fixed. If my PC can run ARK on high with 70 frame rate there is no reason for this to run so poorly."
76561198024125564,Not Recommended,402710,31835073,Posted: 18 May,all,fangor42,These survival games are getting to be all very samey...Osiris: New Dawn doesn't stand out as anything new.
76561197979590234,Recommended,402710,27815917,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,DESMOZGES,"A lot of bugs,but great game."
,Not Recommended,402710,34207073,Posted: 12 August,all,[old] k3p,Game felt unfinished and repetitive. Was nothing like the video.
76561197970013110,Not Recommended,402710,29880409,Posted: 12 February,all,Nasty Bags,"Somewhat shallow crafting and building system.Monster AI is all basically the same.  (Run in, smack, retreat, repeat)Some resources are obnoxious to find.Meh.I suppose it has potential but... seems pretty similar to others of the genre."
,Recommended,402710,31407677,Posted: 27 April,all,jster35,"Great game, relevant and exciting updates make it fun to come back to every couple months for another 'play-through'"
,Recommended,402710,31616934,Posted: 7 May,all,Kithe,">Grinded on desert planet for entire day to build shelter>Go to sleep>Get on next day, shelter broken>Grind>Sleep>Broken>Grind>Grind>Grind>Haven't slept in two days>Build spaceship hanger>Build spaceship>Gather resources to make secondary base on a new planet>Take off>Game crash>Load back in>In space, everything's fine>Fly to Hoth>Scope the deets>Frozen, dangerous, pockets of lava in places>Decide to return home>Board ship>Take off>Try to warp>Game crash>Load up>Not in space>Still on Hoth>No ship>Resources are all on ship>True survival experience begins now10/10 would huddle by a lava pool for warmth again"
,Recommended,402710,31641332,Posted: 9 May,all,MÔMÔ,"I do not like this kind of games much, but I love it with these three days I've played.Thanks☺Thanks☺Thanks☺Thanks☺Thanks☺Thanks☺Thanks☺Thanks☺Thanks☺"
,Recommended,402710,31675531,Posted: 10 May,all,Mr.Grim,"It looks crazy cool, I barely started, I can't wait for optimizations to come. That will bring some love to the game."
,Recommended,402710,32129058,Posted: 2 June,all,spenodevil,Crashes a lot and cant enter inflatable dome but the is in early access so il let it off but other than that keep rolling in the bug fixes because this game has a lot of promise
,Not Recommended,402710,32248170,Posted: 7 June,all,jedibaby12,This game was a cool concept when i found it but got bored quite soon and on easy difficulty the game tho so much at me on the first night i had to restart.
76561197978623200,Recommended,402710,32514122,Posted: 17 June,all,Polimoon,great game spent many many hours playing and getting lost
76561198106329090,Recommended,402710,32692919,Posted: 23 June,all,Gnasher,"The game has a good concept about it, build and survive on a hostile world. There isn't much of a story involved in the game but I got a good few hours worth of time out of it, price wise it dos'nt cost alot, graphics are good for early access and I have not encountered any major bugs while playing."
76561198101347479,Recommended,402710,32700446,Posted: 23 June,all,DanKDonGeRINo,Fun game kind of hard at first but its a nice challenge. Its fun with friends and is a really beautiful game.
,Recommended,402710,32974620,Posted: 28 June,all,CptJakMorgn,"I know a lot of people complain about the major changes to the game.Some of it is good, like the missions you can now do. Makes PVE coop and single player more interesting. Feels like there is more of a point to the game now. Previously you just fought monsters (Well when the game came out) and build stuff and go to space. Now you might find out what the hell happened.Things to remember is it's a survival game, so don't expect to build a whole base in a day. That's the point.Irritation \ bugs with the new patch are the following:1: When you start with monsters PVE and you are alone will be very hard as limited weapons.2: You need a forge as far as i can understand to build anything of real use. So you need a scientist at first, but3: if you spawn scientist first you have to build a stone oven to get ingots and because you limited to only a few points on each tech tree you can't unlock it quick enough.4: Regarding missions. I also completed some missions then found my character deleted. The battery was also missing the second time i looked for it in the same crate in the first mine.5: Can't delete or restart a Private server.6: Water i found water to be a big issue at start of game. Maybe put some filter thing in to filter dirty water?7: Plutonium to build stone oven - Sometimes you are lucky get plutonium very quickly other times your tool get's worn out. (I haven't tried bashing rocks - can you use them to mine minerals?)Well that's what i found so far. Will be trying coop this weekend and give an update as single player seems not to get me anywhere.That said maybe have a small tutorial mission or video explaining the basics. When you get sent to army, you get taught basic survival skill. So that would be usefull :)Overall i like where the game is going, but haven't played for couple of months then dive into new patch was like a whole new game, which i think is for the better. Just show us some survival tips."
76561198218759223,Not Recommended,402710,33190590,Posted: 3 July,all,GermanLeagueGaming,"So to beginn with: I do not have much time spent on the game. However I am playing since a long time, and got to see many different versions (updates). I always enjoied the game and the updates were always good. Bug fixes came fast and new content was added regularly. However since the latest updates the map has changed, and the game has become a lot more of a grind. The options at the start aren't clear and the skill tree is unbalanced. I will deffinately keep an eye on the game. Play a bit of it from time to time, but I can only hope that the devs will either ""go back"" to the version before the latest update, which is very unlikely, or make the grind much less while still maintainig some difficulty and fixing the skilltree. For now, I unfortunately have to give a negative review, but i will change that as soon as the devs start going in the right direction again.Kind regardsGLG"
76561198079351473,Recommended,402710,33336758,Posted: 7 July,all,Vulcom,"Osiris New Dawn is an awesome game that shot up in my top games list intantly, if your looking for a survival game with some unique elements then this game is for you. The game has a few faults and bugs, but this much is to be expected of an alpha release. The only thing i could comment on that is bad is the amount of rock on the map are too low, when you first spawn in oen of the early missions is to build a stone oven and i spent at least 45 mins just looking for rocks. However once you get to know how this games works and how to survive it becomes an absolute balst to play and this game has amazing potentialPros:Great graphics and atmosphereAmazing soundtrackProgression is balancedOverall mechanics of most things seem goodCons:Alien Ai becomes easy to understand and work aroundBegining of the game can be very hard (Especially if it's your first time)Slight perfomance issues if you don't have a great PcOverall this game is a must have survival game with great music and gameplay, however if you don't fancy getting something that is an alpha build maybe wait a couple months. But definitely get this game it's awesome"
,Not Recommended,402710,33356796,Posted: 7 July,all,Siren,Whole lotta nothinill give it a better more indepth review when an IF they bother to add anything new to the game :|
76561198068273937,Not Recommended,402710,33357099,Posted: 7 July,all,Dr.FragensteinM.D.,not yet
76561198006365442,Not Recommended,402710,33374443,Posted: 8 July,all,Puma,dO NOT RECOMMEND
,Not Recommended,402710,33630851,Posted: 18 July,all,Sam Slade,Bad.  Don't buy in current state.  Not even on 80% off sale... buy something fun instead.
,Recommended,402710,33686167,Posted: 20 July,all,Karmah,"If the devs keep the updates coming this game could be on Subnauticas level, in space!"
,Recommended,402710,33830010,Posted: 27 July,all,chef,"I mean, it's better than No Man's Sky?"
76561198037305275,Recommended,402710,33847134,Posted: 27 July,all,jebuss chrust,"Let's just say I haven't played a game with such a learning curve in my life!!! It's amazing and isn't even the final product. Not sure why there's so mainly negative reveiws. I found the game to be challenging and makes you think. Finding minerals and such actually takes some note taking to which area has what. I haven't used a notepad so much while playing a game since the old days with cheat codes. Private server option is great. My buddy and I have a world of our own.Tips-Turn aliens off at first just to feel the game out.-Take notes.-Turn flashlight off every chance you get.-Check YouTube for let's play videos. lots of people with great info.All in all this is a great game so far! Not a game for people that want to beat the game in a few days. Remember this isn't a finished game, but once you play, the simple fact it isn't complete will only impress you."
76561198046498705,Recommended,402710,34984857,Posted: 15 September,all,Davyn,"This Game is fantastic, It's worth the little money they charge. Right up there with any AAA game.Really looking forward to seeing what happens next, so much potential! As its still early days with this title.I would love to have a server with this on it! Running out of sydney, hover packs and assult rifles dang fun.The danger and survival in the game is perfect so exciting, the building and vehicles are frikken awesome too!Great work to all at Fenix Fire fantastic AAA quality! Keep up the patches and good luck with all you do!"
76561198260676599,Recommended,402710,34992422,Posted: 16 September,all,GavinMaverick,"Overall great game, and recent updates have made it even better."
76561198067975289,Recommended,402710,35013632,Posted: 16 September,all,Storm-Commander,"i have just been playing Osiris: New Dawn for 10 hours and wow what a game i love it so better then ark yes the game has bugs and lags a bit but thats because its still early Access and it will get better you just got to give it a bit of time you can make vehicles like the Space ship so you can fly in to space to get Mineral ore Hover bike thats fast Eight wheeled rover G.A.V A six-wheeled armored all-terrain vehicle Crab mecha and the best will be coming soon Mech A bipedal, heavily armed weapons platform. Comes with a pair of heavy duty lasers by default you can make guns the space Pistol  Assault Rifle so if you are thinking about getting this game go for it :)"
,Recommended,402710,35028944,Posted: 17 September,all,djc,Amazing game! Looks awesome! For being early-access it's a lot of fun already! I can't wait to see the next update!
76561198030202826,Recommended,402710,35103494,Posted: 21 September,all,Charlie Alpha One,"I ALWAYS LOVE GOOD GAMES THAT LET YOU STEY ALL NIGHT AND YOU DO NOT EVEN SEE THE TIME PASSING, AND IT MORNING. WOWIF YOU WONT TO PLAY A GOOD GAME THAT OPEN A HOLE NOW WORLD OF GAMING FANTESY. THEN THIS IS FOR YOU TO PLAY.TAKE MY WORD FOR IT.PS: AND IT BETA, WOW AGIAN"
,Not Recommended,402710,32141588,Posted: 2 June,all,Christopher Wolfe,"Terrible. The meters for necessities such as food and water drain faster than you can gather the materials to keep them sated, not to mention that you have to basically rush to get a good shelter set up where you can distill your own water before you burn through your reserves and have to start all over again (because there's no respawning). Nothing is really explained, there's no dedicated tutorial telling you exactly what things are and how to use them, and what they have that imitates a sort of ""quest/mission"" log is all vague directions like ""Build a shelter"", or ""use the third person camera"". The metals are fairly spread out, and it can be hard to find what you are looking for without crossing your fingers and hoping for the best, knowing that you'll have to start over again should you die because of the rapidly draining meters.On top of the functional mess that is the core, there's also an error where the game will not respond to keyboard input if you have a joystick or HOTAS plugged into your machine. In fact, trying to exit the game, unplug the HOTAS and then restart made the game hang on the main menu so severely that I couldn't even access the task manager nor shut my machine down with the reset button on the tower, and I had to resort to pulling the plug out of the wall.Avoid at all costs. If you want a space survival game, look elsewhere, because this is just a travesty."
76561197976193335,Not Recommended,402710,33544871,Posted: 14 July,all,High Gravity,"I am not going to write all the things bad about this game, I believe most everything has been said, I will write a complete review when this game is close to release. Unless you love being punished stay away from this game. It needs time to find its way, right now I think it in limbo."
,Recommended,402710,33554393,Posted: 15 July,all,FactoryOnMars,Pretty good game. seems to be getting better in my opinion.
76561198110042699,Recommended,402710,34910427,Posted: 12 September,all,MLGbadass$$,very good game
,Recommended,402710,34979713,Posted: 15 September,all,ComradeMacGyver,So far have played a good few hours and have enjoyed it but.... It's still very very early days. I'm going to leave this game alone for a few months and let them add some more.I didn't play on a server but single player to get a feel for the game. Some of the UI is clunky and annoying. The sounds in the game can be aweful. Driving the rover will give you a headache fast!The building mechanic is ok but again very basic when compared to other games like this. But then they have been out far longer.I played Ark for a long time and enjoyed that but I love space so I want this to do well.Overall it has potenial but i wouldn't buy it just yet. Wait another 6 moths or more until a few more major updates have come out.I really want that droid that auto collects supplies for you and the mech suit!
76561198238874458,Recommended,402710,31685699,Posted: 11 May,all,251068563,强烈要求出中文，中国玩家买了游戏，却不能很好的体验游戏，这对玩家来说就是一种诈骗
76561198277432264,Not Recommended,402710,33642053,Posted: 18 July,all,Nosferatu Zodd,ugh what happened?
76561198128805514,Not Recommended,402710,33997961,Posted: 3 August,all,Wendy's 4 for 4 deal,Can't believe they actually made this game more♥♥♥♥♥♥than it already was
,Recommended,402710,29753448,Posted: 6 February,all,BlackFire Forge,"Hey guys/gals, hope you are well.Today we are reviewing Osiris New Dawn, and asking should you Try, Buy, Or Let It Die (Don’t Buy)Osiris New Dawn is developed by Fenix Fire Entertainment, and is $24.99 USD on steam during  its Alpha Stage Currently.Short answer isyes...but with a warning... Buy!For the explained reasons stay tuned.Why I like it/you should buy:The AI is not dumb, and actually will challenge youThe studio keeps adding new content on a regular basisWhat’s interesting is that instead of everything being randomly generated, the world and it’s resources are the same for every player.Really great atmosphere and creepy vibe. You are alone aside from your friendly droid, and this really sets the tone for what’s to come. You explore dark caves, oceans of sand, and try to escape from asteroids and aliens along the way.The replayability of this is significant if new content is being added as you really can’t “beat the game”What I Don’t LikeBuilding is one aspect of the game that I find interesting, but seems under-developedBuilding things, to build things, to eventually build a turret is annoying especially with alien attacksWhat I do likeThis game is gorgeousThe vibe/style of art. This game kind of has a 1980’s sci-fi feel to itThe Map. Ok so there isn’t a map you can just pull up, but there is a device in your inventory that shows the surface of the world, and your longitude/latitude.I think you should check out Empyrion - Galactic Survival before buying this gameReview on YouTubehttps://youtu.be/phjNaYzmZvY"
,Recommended,402710,31937964,Posted: 24 May,all,mysterio29,"So far I am really enjoying this game. It runs great and while there is still room for improvement (content) I personally have not seen any issues (bug) as of yet. I highly recommend this game to others, I would love to see this game top the Twitch charts."
76561198280126553,Recommended,402710,34966933,Posted: 15 September,all,LeDlanc,"My graphic card is GTX960M and i ste my graphic settins as toaster, and my fps is average 15. can you fix this please?"
76561198280414694,Recommended,402710,26538611,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,thomas1138,"This game, even though it is only in its infancy, has the potential to be a great new addition to the Steam game library as an open-world survival game, both singleplayer and multiplayer. As of today, the game needs some improvements in several areas, such as engine efficiency, greater computer platform adaptability, all essential starter gear available and visible at start, and AIM ASSIST, because my aim is as bad as a Stormtrooper's, and I can barely hit anything with the pistol or assault rifle. Aim assist is crucial to hit enemies like the Parasyte, because those critters move FAST, and they are small. I'd also like to be able to switch between quickslots while hovering or jumping, because being able to swap between weapons is CRUCIAL to survival. Other than the bugs listed, this is a great game so far! Keep it up, Fenix Fire!"
76561198085477372,Recommended,402710,29136168,Posted: 8 January,all,taoji,Osiris: New Dawnthis a good game survival space-simbut there are still many things to be resolved within the gameand i hope developer will not throwing this game.
76561197985744477,Recommended,402710,29315917,Posted: 17 January,all,Malkadore,"Absolutely no population on the multiplayer servers. More than 20 servers all empty. Sad, because it's a very good survival game all round."
,Recommended,402710,30305568,Posted: 3 March,all,DarkSaber203,"SO far playing this game has been GREAT, the graphics are well done, the back story is well thought out and the coding looks like they carefully script alot of it."
76561198132155807,Recommended,402710,34509055,Posted: 26 August,all,meader.michael,now im going to keep the game BuT it was to hard my laptop so i will get new one and use my accunt weeeeeeeeeeeeeelllllll i think its a good game from videos so ill recomend
76561198213623304,Recommended,402710,34756961,Posted: 5 September,all,Brobarian,"Games got alot of potential, just keep updating and improving"
76561198018322676,Recommended,402710,34757100,Posted: 5 September,all,ːSBpenguinː,GG...
76561198134881469,Recommended,402710,30481048,Posted: 12 March,all,radelmonte,best space game EVER
76561198161103467,Recommended,402710,26511010,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Gunboat,i love it but please add a creative cues that would just make this over the top ether than than no complaints
76561198053009316,Not Recommended,402710,26699602,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,battalion53,"I have 28 hours invested in this game so far, and absolutely nothing to show for it.Everytime I exit the game and return later, everything is gone.  Which is a worse state of affairs to be in than if you just restart the game from the beginning.  Let me explain...My skill levels are intact, but my backpack is empty, any accesories or weapons I was carrying are gone, and all my structures are gone.I survived four days this last round, built a habitat, forge, storage boxes, and had a chemistry table so I could make water.  I had plenty of cooked alien meat to live off of, life in space was good!   I was now self-sufficient and able to survive.So I logged off for the night - when I logged back in this morning, the only thing left was my chemistry table floating up in the air where my habitat used to be.That was it.Everything else was gone.  Except for that damn blundering drone I named T-BAG.No way to survive now.My character spawned back with an empty backpack, and four default tools.  No dome shelter to save progress with - no water containers...Death by dehydration, here I come!The Save Game mechanic is definitely broken.  I totally understand that I bought a game that is under development, and there will be flaws.For me, it's going to be difficult getting past the frustration of spawning in a new place on the planet every time and starting all over from scratch if I'm inclined to continue playing.  I'll never get to the point where I can build anything more sophisticated than a glass of water and a hunk of fried alien meat.Positives - Cool game, fun interactions, realistic graphics.  It's a beautiful game with great potential.  Too bad it's stuck in ""Groundhog Day"" mode.Maybe someday the devs will will make it so I want to come back and play it some more."
,Not Recommended,402710,26703022,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Troik,"I gave the game three separate chances, because I wanted it to work, but in it's current form, it simply isn't fun. I know it's early access and I'm not complaining about missing content, just about the core gameplay. Let me try to explain:1) On my first try I was able to easily find basic metals and even plutonium, that you need for some reason to have a forge. I build a basic base, but wasn't able to progress because I couldn't find and rubber trees, that you need to craft a chemistry table to produce more advanced materials like plastic (and freakin' rubber), after 2 hours of blindly stumbling through the world, I gave up.2) second try, this time I wasn't able to find any plutonium, which means no forge, which means I wasn't able to build ANYTHING.3) created yet another area (name of the world you give it, is the seed for the RNG-creation), no plutonium in sight, ok, lets go explore, 2 minutes in I stumble blindly through a sand-storm and then getting insta-killed by a sand-worm the size of a sky-scraper despite me setting the aliens already to the easiest level. I give up, since your body despawns really quickly and without any weapons going on would be pointless.Overall, these problems seems easy to fix, either drop an extra crate there with basic resources that you need in the first 5minutes of the game, or change the random creation so that basic resources are close to your starting location. And also, make sure, that workbenches don't need resources that you create with that same workbench. Lastly, there should be a way to start with a more primitive forge that doesn't require plutonium. In its most basic form, a forge is just a fire that you use to melt metal. Then when you have a basic base, you can start exploration trips, not the other way around."
,Not Recommended,402710,28191106,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,tompkinzz,"I found this game to be incredibly drawn out and boring.  You are given very few bullets to start out, and are required to mine hundreds of times just to make a storage chest.  Each time you begin mining you are going to get attacked in the back by one of the local monsters, who are overpowered, and will kill you because you ran out of ammo after fighting the first two creatures.  Resources are unbalanced and hard to find what you need to complete the first few missions.  After 10 minutes of game play I could see that this was going to be a big time suck of searching and mining for resources, and getting very little reward for your efforts.  The game looks nice, but got boring after the first few minutes of gameplay.  Everything seems unbalanced at this point in the game.  Creatures that should be able to be killed in a few shots, take an entire clip of ammo to kill, which means you will have little to no ammo within a minute or two of spawning in the game.  You are given a pistol with unlimited ammo, but it takes an entire day to kill a small creature with it, because it is so underpowered.  You will find yourself constantly attacked, and trying to scramble to fix your exosuit without any resources to actually accomplish anything.  There is nothing new in this game compared to other survival based games, except that the graphics are decent.  I however, had major frame drops on my i7 rig with a 980ti.  This game might be ok in the distant future, but I'm talking years down the road.  These developers have bit off way more than they can chew.    If you want a more polished game experience, that has everything and more this game has, I recommend Empyrion Galactic Survival over this game.  I returned this game after about 40 minutes to an hour of gameplay."
76561198084936105,Recommended,402710,29135691,Posted: 8 January,all,Allahsaurus,"Like most early access titles, this isn't and shouldn't be seen as a finished product but should be still played and watched, fore it has so much, SOOOOOOO MUUUUUUUCH POTENTIALLLLLL!!! It toook me in the first 10+hours trying to figure out the area, building, weapons, crafting ammo, etc. PLease give this a shot I'd hate to make the comparison a thousanth time, but it's no mans sky plus theat spark it needed, called it Osiris: New Dawn, give it a shot, pay the 25$. So far it's been updated 2 times since i've purchased it. devs that really want a great game and a great community! Havn't found a con so far with playing this..."
,Not Recommended,402710,29739065,Posted: 6 February,all,Ranos,"It is a fun game and can be played for many hours. Just don't try the make a youtube series on it, like I did. If you do, you'll have to restart many times due to decay or abandoment. Warangel and myself play on a privert server so having things like decay and abandoment seems to be a bad idea, but the decay can be turned off. The abandoment can't be turned off tho, meaning we have lost our entire base because we havn't logged on for about a week. I don't think that matters tho because the timer didn't reset after I logged on about 2 days after recording the previous video. It seems like every thing you build becomes abandoned after a week no matter how often you're on, but correct me if I'm wrong.Still an enjoyable game. Just needs some work on that stuff."
76561198357446840,Recommended,402710,30129068,Posted: 23 February,all,DL-64,"Great game but I dont like the ""Abandonment"" of structures."
76561198015787288,Recommended,402710,32009451,Posted: 27 May,all,Toolzy,Early Access = Lots of bugs. Still lots to do but this game definitely has potential.
,Recommended,402710,32750762,Posted: 24 June,all,щ（ﾟДﾟщ）,Although in early access the game is very fun to mess around in and enjoy. the developers are AMAZINGLY quick with hot-fixes (1-2 hours at max for me) when a bug is spotted. overall i give this game a 9.5/10. i would give it 10 if it weren't for the glitchy enemy's and giant sand-worm
76561198376098227,Not Recommended,402710,34128587,Posted: 9 August,all,shasethemustyirishman,"FIRST IMPRESSIONS:The first hour of play makes any game. Osiris: A New Dawn did an amayzing job with their character creation and world generation. But once the player is in game, this is where I am let down. The game needs to guide the player in what to do. The first missions tell the player to ""find osiris one"". With no other direction. The player could walk for hours and never find their base. Its lazy game making in my opinion and the game should give you more information on what to do in the first 30 minutes. Beyond that...FIGHTING MECHANICS:The devs need to really work on the fighting mechanics for the game to be realisticaly playable. First off, sending 3 monsters to kill the player the first night, after 0 instruction on how to fight or with what, is a bit frusteration and is a turn off for a lot of players. The enemies are a bit glitchy and unresponsive. And yes, I know the game is in early development. Im just suggesting the general public not to spend $25 on a very incomplete game. Yet.UI AND INVINTORY:I think the layout of the user interface is well placed. It does however need to be made clearer. Its hard to tell what exactly is where on your hot bar. The invintory system in the game has very good potential. It has a sort, take all, and other easy and handy features, aswell as a clear view of whats locked, unlocked, etc.MISSIONS:As previously stated, the missions that the player is to complete are much to vague and dont give you any sence of direction in the game. They tell you to craft an item, with no idea on how or where to aquire the items needed to craft. Or how to open up the crafting menu in the first place (its TAB).OVERALL:The game has massive potential. Its graphics are very appealing and the concept of the game itself is there. I dont however, recomend the $25 puchase price yet. The game could become a $60 triple A game. It just needs a lot more time and work to put into it. So overall, the game is to laggy, glitvhy, and other petty things to be worth the investment. But don't take it off your watchlist."
,Not Recommended,402710,34243685,Posted: 14 August,all,Kushman,runs and looks great but the MP is dead and im not even sure if they update this anymore
,Recommended,402710,25760445,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,LurchUSA,WORM SIGN!!!10/10 Would get eaten by a Dune Sandworm again!
,Recommended,402710,25744451,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Nikout,"This game rather provides a scientific expedition experience and as a nerd, I love it. So far my friend and I have been doing somewhat a great progress, and this game looks very well and it has a bit of Christopher Nolan's touch in terms of the atmosphere and environment, in other words very immersive. There is still lots to discover."
,Not Recommended,402710,26587016,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,MerryMadMick,"The bugs don't bug me, its just the mindless boredom and frequent rage-quit inducing moments that made consider requesting a refund.  After another hour and dying from another random sandworm, I wish I did request a refund, but now I can't ...If you're looking for a way to wear out your ALT and F4 keys, look no further."
76561198060936965,Not Recommended,402710,28581370,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,HitmanNOS,"Game has a lot of potential. Hope they capitalize on that. So far the only problems I have with it are these:- Flashlight has input lag and constantly flickers.- Too much dust, condensation on the helmet, obscuring vision.- The map is basically useless until you can interact with it and place waypoints/points of interest.- Combat is practically impossible with the fact that whenever you get hit by an enemy you spin uncontrollablyso you cannot focus on the enemy while it repeatedly pounds you. Rifles, pistols, etc are utterly worthless whenthe enemy just gets right in your face and stays there or circles you.- Mining needs to be remedied. Fix the issue where you pick up some ore and others just go spinning off into the atmosphere.- Eliminate the constant beeping once you enter your inflatable dome. Have it stop at 100% oxygen but don't leave it beeping incessantly at 99%.- Desperatly needs some kind of story/tutorial/interactive walkthrough that makes you feel like your immersed in the game.- There needs to be some kind of alert for when an enemy is approaching you.- Fix the bug where the player gets thrown across the map by the crablike enemies.So, I think the game has great potential but until they fix these issues at minimum, I would wait until its further developed."
,Recommended,402710,32794974,Posted: 25 June,all,123,"Please Do not pay attention to patch day bad reviews let me tell you why.This game has alot of potential to be one of the best scifi survial games that are actually decent in challanging gameplay and overal look and feel.For me I have been looking for a game that is survial sci fi and hard to survive  this ticks all the boxs so far.with early access comes alot of bugs and changes alot here think earlyaccess mean i payed money now develop the game to how I see it, this is not the case the devs have a clear focus they plan to deleiver and to be honest there doing a awsome job.Yes there is a few bugs especiall after patch day and yes alot of things change and saves get wiped due to changes being incompatable with older version this is to be expected.I love almost everything in this game bar the fact it does not have a hardcore perma death mode ,I'm still waiting on this.if you read most of the negitive reviews its because people dont like change or game is not as easy as it was at the start everything was handed to you, in a hr or 2 you could finish everything in game and be done and then they would cry that game is too fast and not enough content, there is alot of content just now after this new update they have setup skill tress so we have to level up and research into getting things that were once freely given , this is typical in progression it can not allways be given to us on a silver plater, so now you have to actually level your character up and spend points into skills to be able to craft things build things and so on, giving us more reason to go out and do science and craft ores into ingots or fight the locals with our crude stone axes lol.thsi is majority of what people cry about . there are some who experiance crashes and such but with early access sometimes this happens and devs do work to fix issues each update , now the devs are not the fastest there a real small team and take things slow and they follow there own pipline and way of doing things there unique in that way , but they do work hard.I do recomend getting this game as if you honestly put in effort and try hard you will have a decent amount of fun for your money spent and you can always come back and  check in on updates and try  again the new stuff that comes with those updates.do not let the haters who hate for no reason other then they cant handle early access game.FAIR WARNING THIS IS EARLY ACCESS THINGS CHANGE ALL THE TIME SOMETIME DRASTICLY SO IF YOU CANT HANDLE LOOSING PROGRESS OR HANDLE CHANGES THEN DO NOT BUY.BUT IF YOU CAN HANDLE IT AND WANT TO SUPPORT A GREAT GAME THEN PLEASE BUY IT AND HELP THE DEVS REALISE THERE VISIONAND HELP THEM MAKE THE GAME THEY WANT TO MAKE"
76561198073865843,Recommended,402710,29817886,Posted: 9 February,all,samhardie00,"best Early access game ive played. as of right now, there is a jam packed 15 hours of content. 15 hours of amzing exploration, awestruck moments, and ambience galore. but, absolutly NOTHING past 15 hours. worth tho."
,Not Recommended,402710,30912756,Posted: 2 April,all,LeftBeard,"I went into this game kinda blind, with nothing but the trailers on steam and some reviews i dissregarded as ""It'll work out, not garanteed i'll think the same about the game""Well, it was beautiful . . . till i actually looked at the ground and environments.it is really bad in my opinion and i had all cranked up to the max -.-''it was really low rez and felt kinda repetetive and missplaced, almost a bit smudged.I spawned in the day, singleplayer, offline and no clue. Obviously i died cuz i didn't know a single thing.second time around, i managed to survive till the third or fourth night before Alt-F4 and refunding.The nights felt longer than the days, but when it was day, it was almost constant ""Sandstorm""The reason for the quotaion marks, is that it was like a filter or a bubble around you and if you ran too quickly or jumped and used ur jetpack, you could kinda see it dissapear only to go back once it cought up to you.If that was not annoying enough, when you walked around mining the random spawning deposites, there would spawn monsters."". . . . And?"" you might ask, well, the problem wasn't that they spawned or maybe being a bit dificult, but seemingly why and when.Whenever i mined a deposite, it would take roughly 5 sec til something spawned, and what spawned wasn't even consistent or logical. I had those giant spiders spawn and rush me, i'v had small silverfish chase me and it was random and not like: ""big spiders spawn at a certain altitude or place"" just random.There is no way of sleeping through the night in early game as far as i found out. So when it becomes night, it is pitch black with random monsters spawning and charging your base.Oh! did i mention that there was no sound of them running, spawning or anything?? the only sound you get is your character getting hit and you getting knocked over which ♥♥♥♥z with the camera and got a slow ""Get up"" animation.Most, if not all in the trailers are end game stuff. All the vehiecls are super late game.I had problems finding out what to build and when since the game give you no other guidance than ""low oxigen"" or some shiz.all in allIt feels like polished turd, and the progression feels like trying to grow out your nuts which was forced up ur♥♥♥♥♥♥in the early game, only to get to a Pay-to-Win state when you got the ship and cars.Just don't buy, not worth."
76561197995251312,Recommended,402710,30348433,Posted: 5 March,all,FlippityFloppity,"it has a long way to go but it has a good feel for an alpha game. as a huge fan of this style of game im happy to support the genre.  i know it may be a long time before its worth really investing in the game time wise, but i think it will be good.   I think devs should focus some effort on making sure the enemies all feel different and fresh."
,Recommended,402710,30917206,Posted: 2 April,all,zavoxcool,"great game, but i don't really like the sfx in this game, make it more creepy especially at night, the mechanic feels good, graphics too"
76561198046859819,Recommended,402710,30562760,Posted: 16 March,all,LClc1025,"I love this game soo much i would recommend it to anyone who like survival or open world. yes there are minor glitches but its early access so get over it. this ga,e is amazing."
76561198023285147,Recommended,402710,26754981,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,dwinget2008,So far I have been really impressed with this game. I love the graphics and the fear factor that is ever present in the game. I am very excited to see where this game goes in the future and am excited to see all the new content as it comes out.
76561198287147487,Recommended,402710,28265923,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Blaze,"This Game is incredibly realistic and i love it already! Osiris New Dawn is A of space survival. ""Subnautica"" in space! There are bugs but this is early access so hopefully fixed soon. But basically overall I would recommend this game!"
,Recommended,402710,28803537,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Bloodsworth Killumall,"One of the best Looter/Shooter games ever! Rust mixed with No Mans Sky. Amazing Addiction Qualities...Just in time for the long cold winter months...Oh yeah, even single player is fun and challenging."
,Recommended,402710,29814447,Posted: 9 February,all,Amp_Breaker,"Love this game, excited to see what they bring next!!"
76561198145414460,Recommended,402710,28009930,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,StormTrooper35,Great game one of the best i've played in forever :-)
76561198089950071,Recommended,402710,29811833,Posted: 9 February,all,Fishbone,I am excited to see the future of this game along with its premire on console.
76561198209993809,Recommended,402710,28961231,Posted: 2 January,all,CosmicKnight,great game hard to find some of the resourses
,Recommended,402710,29466032,Posted: 24 January,all,ColdTheBeast,"Add language : chinese , please !"
76561197991995820,Recommended,402710,27923042,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,hillmanant,"This game is unbelievable! In a good way! Wow just well made and fun to wander around in. Its minecrap minus the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ grafix. Build stuff, mine for minerals to build components to make more complicated components and build your home. Love it hope the finished product stays in the same lane."
76561198025740262,Recommended,402710,27256189,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,vector2222222222222,need more update play
,Recommended,402710,27841610,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Bernand,Crab monster scared the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of me first night9/10 would♥♥♥♥♥♥bricks again
76561198334393121,Recommended,402710,28689383,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Rebound,If your intrested in open world building survival games this is the one for you. It is basically a space version of Subnautica and is very addicting. It is so engaging and intense it is fantastic. Even with my GeoForce graphics card940Mx and an I7 processor i havent ran into any sort of bug or glitch yet. The devs seem very focused and update regularly. Don't buy this game if your not willing to run into any sort of glitch or bug. This game has a ton of potential and is a litlle bit like The forest my favourite game. I for sure recommend this game however it does need work.
76561198313288523,Recommended,402710,28260248,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,GoatMeat,Can you fix the lag its like massive i cant even see the game correctly its too laggy so fix that plz
,Recommended,402710,28457563,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Trubisky the Starter,Ark in space!
76561198131710272,Recommended,402710,28441553,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,EliteDeadSeven,38hrs of game play and already made it to space. The game is looking good cant wait for the updates
,Recommended,402710,31350314,Posted: 24 April,all,Anal Dissapation,pretty damn awesome
,Recommended,402710,28849307,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,whatacoolname,baddest game everjust kidding it really fun
,Not Recommended,402710,28677764,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Ev3rM0r3,"A game about Mark Watne on a Distant planet Starring "" The Weather and Stupid Long Recurring Nights and Mobs that never break aggro even after walking accross the entire map"".I will continute to update my response, but currently gameplay updates haven't occured.  Only terrain, model, and additional items have.  The game in its current state DOES have an fps issue, the mobs still over aggro and never stop till you either kill them or they kill you.  The nights are exccessively long and seem to happen way to often.  This game is litteraly a fully immersive 3D minecraft.  And the reason I use that game as a reference is that in it slowly your health diminishes and you die, the nights come and ago 75% of the time, and its always raining it seems.  So this is like one high res minecraft game."
76561198093978627,Recommended,402710,31492241,Posted: 1 May,all,itwillbefuntheysaid,Martian The Game with aliens and more vegetables. And with guns.
76561198282031590,Recommended,402710,31498519,Posted: 1 May,all,[KSG] Sam,Hot fix put all but my spaceship and droid under a massive  stone ridge in single player .i can see it with map tool but not on the map.HELP
,Recommended,402710,30880036,Posted: 1 April,all,Slopinator,"This game is obviously a work in progress, but honestly it feels pretty complete. The Devs are super hard-working and just yesterday the launched an update that had a bug in it and within an hour they pushed an update to fix that. +rep to the devs great game keep up the good work!"
76561198062264390,Recommended,402710,31908594,Posted: 22 May,all,Schnuffel Jamster Snuggle Bunny,"The game is really cool, and has real potential seeing as its early alpha. BUT if you dont manage to find the perfect reasources right away and make a source of water ( cause you cant gather water from anything) then your doomed to a cyrcle of dehydration, death, respawn, gather stuff, repeat. also map is extremely spread out to the point of where ever you put your main base, your in for atleast a 1 day walk for any reasource. which leads back to the cycle of dehydration. Also dont jump on anything cause you will be stuck and have to close the game by means of ALT+F4... Needs more density.aside from all that, i would keep playing, and hoping for updates."
76561198301881020,Recommended,402710,31920302,Posted: 23 May,all,dr_zommzomm,"I really like Osiris new Dawn but the last time I played, is built myself a laboratory and a mecha crab. The mecha crab spawned under the ground..."
76561198092033022,Recommended,402710,27880792,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,alexandermatthews27,"One of the most interesting games i have played in a long time. Very addicting, and fun. Some bugs, and that can be worked out. Enjoying this game and looking forward to updates and content."
76561198124628344,Recommended,402710,29059902,Posted: 6 January,all,AnandPrimeGames,One of the best games ive ever played !!!!!With every update come great fun !Developers are epic too10/10 recommended
76561198049293527,Recommended,402710,28717211,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,LotusMcPot,"haha, the ""dune"" worm was a nice touch, now to add some spice to the game!"
76561198087684873,Recommended,402710,28888907,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,gazorpazorpfield,#amazing
,Not Recommended,402710,29467586,Posted: 24 January,all,♛Supersmash♛,"1.093 VersionAlthought this is a great game and is changing constantly it still needs alot of work to it. Its fun and has implemented many new features in past half year i have watched it grow, but i dont think the value fits atm for the game. There is more cons to the game than there is pros for example they havent really used time to improve their fps. I have a gtx 970 and it can run almost all trippel AAA games and still get 60/ 60+ fps, but when i play Osiris i only get 39fps which is very weird since this game doesnt have that great graphics... But all on all, this game is actually really fun and has a nice idea to it but atm it needs a lot of work."
76561198192525734,Not Recommended,402710,29463230,Posted: 24 January,all,micr0wave,"It's difficult to give a fair rating for this game, but that's probably not the game's fault, more the current 'marketing' model that almost always leaves the customer with a bitter taste.It looks greatIt feels goodIt's fun up to the point you have built what's there to build (a couple hours) and then it's somewhat game over. Almost no replay value. Multiplayer might help to give it some, but the current state (Jan 2017) needs a lot of work and maybe a good idea or two.To sum it up, Osiris is a very good tech-demo with an obscene pricetag (atm 20+ €) but not really a game at this point.So i'd like to give it a more neutral rating but since it isn't possible i have to put my thumb down.(early access, jan 2017, might review my review to a later point when it grew to a full game)"
76561198370150566,Recommended,402710,30942936,Posted: 4 April,all,Thecabbage18,very good game but only 1 planet has stuff on and you can only go to twoalso space staion dosent work
76561197967961808,Recommended,402710,28381929,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Eightball,"You can see the pros and cons in other reviews.The best way to sample it is to check out a let's play like I did:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oL4kLMXK75II'm just here to say, I bought this game for full pricerather than wait for a sale. Do EET! I am glad I did.It was worth. Every. Monetary. Unit.Even with the early access-ness, this game is extremely fun.Early-access = not finished yet (which some have not seemed to grasp), so there are problems with some bugs and on multi-player there have been big problems with cheaters, but nothing that can't be solved in time. Multi-player may be better on a private server for now.Single player works like a charm. There is very little wrong with it, and the great thing is if you find something wrong it has already been noted or you get to inform the devs of it. The devs respond well and take player input well (so not really any need to get upset when reporting bugs).The monsters don't all move very realistically yet, but that's also a work in progress. The crabs are perfect and quite scary.You can easily spend 50 hours playing through a single character at this stage in the game (Post-Aziel update) if you explore, build everything, and use it. I played for much more than fifty hours before feeling like I had done everything and it was still fun though the expectation of new content has finally pulled me away playing other games until later. Those that spend only 2-3 hours are talking about already knowing everything when they start or they just plain aren't as interested in aspects of the game that are there to engage in."
,Recommended,402710,27311779,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Lunacrysis,What no mans Sky should have been like!
76561198026902393,Recommended,402710,30882604,Posted: 1 April,all,timscherman,"""mind you its still in early access""bought this game onsale and for me its worth every penny! 23$ somthingiv been playing for 19hours  and i gotta say i can not put this game down, i tink its kinda like arc but i didnt like arc or age of conan,there are still some bugs that need to be fixed but thats what you get for an early access game!and if you time it right you can jump and dodge any attack the monster throw at you,let go to my pro's and con'sPRO'Sspace.. becuase who doesnt like space like games!graphicsflying to differnt planetsthe weapons( but needs more selection 2 just dont cut it for me )CON'Syou sometimes get stuck while running. ( early access)when you are running and there is a slight bump in the terrain you stop for a sec witch could land you 6 feet under ( early access)2 weaponsonly can build so much on the map.cant personelize stuff as i want jsut the colour and name.and mind you i only playing in local single player becuase, well i hate people and there need to wreck and or steal things,PS,im still learning the game as i only have 19 hours into it iv yet to explore the other planets iv been to space and dropped on 1 planet so far after this review i will be heading out on a conquest to the other planets to explore them."
,Recommended,402710,30864850,Posted: 31 March,all,߷ Feastiality ߷,"I believe the game has a lot of potential, it makes me truly feel as if I'm on a hostile world and fighting for my life (considering the first 5 minutes of me playing the game I got scared cuz a crab sideswiped me as I was mining) It's visually beautiful, I love the screen effects and the idea of suit breaches, the controls are fluid, animations smooth, my only peeve are the hitboxes are rather difficult as sometimes my shots phase through them. Other than that, I recommend this game to the fullest extent."
76561197992820946,Recommended,402710,32330383,Posted: 10 June,all,Avratz,I cant open the SINGEL PLAYER CAMPAIGN SCREEN and play tutorial..... what am i doing wrong?.
76561198099851593,Recommended,402710,32347430,Posted: 11 June,all,hollystar,its great just laaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaagggggggggggg!!!i have a not great computer sure but the lowest quality is the same lag level as ultra.
76561198090818188,Recommended,402710,30972413,Posted: 5 April,all,ixerus,this game would be good if i can load it
,Not Recommended,402710,32465461,Posted: 15 June,all,✪ PingIsKey | Quit CS,Can't even make a lobby this game needs a lot of work
76561198111126717,Recommended,402710,29185679,Posted: 11 January,all,Slyjoker,"WAS VERY SKEPTICAL ABOUT THIS GAME... SPECIALLY AFTER NO MAN'S LIE, BUT FOR 19.00 *SALE DECIDED TO SUPPORT THE GAME... MAN I ALREADY GOT MY 19.00 WORTH ALREADY VERY FUN GAME INDEED HOPE THEY RELEASE MORE CONTENT SOON!"
76561198041010866,Recommended,402710,29187343,Posted: 11 January,all,DeDoody,"Day 1 Spawn away from friendDay 1.5 Dust StormDay 2 Met up with friendDay 2.5 Dust StormDay 3 Crafting in base while listening to my friend scream bloody murder as some giant sandworm ate himDay 3.5 Dust StormDay 4 Narrowly avoid being eaten by giant sandwormDay 4.5 Dust StormDay 5 Meteor Strikes of doomDay 5.5 Dust Storm / Rain and fog, Giant flying face hugger nearly kills me.11/10 would dust storm againSerious note, this game is ♥♥♥♥ing amazing."
76561198079241539,Recommended,402710,29401032,Posted: 21 January,all,BanzaiDeath,"Hey develepor, I just received a crash and I lost my spaceship and I am now stuck in Aziel and its really hard to get resources now, do u mind fixing the crash bug and restore my space, thank you."
76561198207563884,Recommended,402710,29402430,Posted: 21 January,all,Puliukko,"Great game, at the beginning really spooky with all the aliens jumping around and really immersive and fun.I dont know why but the game goes down and you cant open it anymore, you can move and jump around but just cant see what you are doing. Cant wait to get back in to the game when they fix this problem.EDIT: Finally got back into the game and all my progress deleted, character included."
76561198014376384,Not Recommended,402710,28738330,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,WATG,"As is is, I can't recommend it based on my experience. I didn't get very far and found myself totally hindered not being able to connect my habitat to an airlock or any of the other components. After some research I found that others have also had a lot of trouble with this issue as far back as 3 months ago, maybe even longer. In addition to that, you cannot reliably mine in first person. For whatever reason you can be staring directly at minerals and trying to mine them but nothing happens. You have to do it in the 3rd person perspective and the controls for 3rd person for anything other than moving straight forward is very klunky and hard to control. For such a game breaking mechanic to be so buggy and unstable I just can't say this is worth it at the moment.Once a few of the kinks get worked out though I really can't wait to see where this ends up."
76561198086544083,Recommended,402710,29172012,Posted: 10 January,all,PRITCHARD,AWESOME!!!!!!
76561198037127400,Recommended,402710,29025657,Posted: 4 January,all,scarz01,"New Game.Aliens: Infested - Default setting.Build the first building - Done.Mining/exploring... ""WTF just killed me?""Respawns with no guns.Dies inside the safe zone via meteor shower.Aliens keep on attacking my 1 building and 2 support structures...Log out.Delete currect game.New Game.Aliens: Casual."
,Recommended,402710,29772501,Posted: 7 February,all,ClassyKye,"This is the No Man's Sky we never got, game is beautiful and the music is so spot on and the gameplay is easy to catch on to. I recommend getting this game!"
,Recommended,402710,28461362,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Rikartamil,kind of interesting
76561198067241628,Recommended,402710,26415754,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,asus349,"i start playing at 4pm and had to pee so i got up mine you i have to go some where the next day... it was 4am ish will this game is very cool! you may want to set a timer befor playing i was so in to it i did not eat anything funny on steam i played it for 1.4 hrs ha more like 5-6 hours anyway this game when i was playing its like ark in away but when i saw it... in game i all most crap my self when you see it (dont view on youtube about the ""OH MY F**** GOD WHAT THE HELLS IS THAT?!"" ya i said that you may see it to) this game loads faster then ark and some other games (sims 3, ark, fallout 3-nv-4) over all im going to be playing in to i have to go this game is some what like minecraft but no creepers... (like worns and some other big bugs? i think i played on very easy just to try it out, but! when you start use the duck tape to fixs your suit be for you die of no air! if you are trying to play with out dieing also i was trying to find if any parts of the map my be the same as others but i couldnt find like pics just will guilds that where helpful and look at wiki/youtube for more info about the game and i see more comming in this like the class thing so want to be one of those and online i have not tryed yat try solo when you start ^.^"
76561198198693910,Recommended,402710,31425939,Posted: 28 April,all,Xiphrix,The multiplayer aspect still needs work. When playing with friends the game just lags and bugs out by enemys staying in place and not taking any damage or they will will jump around as well as go through the floors and walls. But if they fix these bugs the game will be fun to play with friends.
76561197990377112,Recommended,402710,31435752,Posted: 29 April,all,clampos,Already a great game. Some balancing issues and a load of content to come but this is being developed well with regular updates and big patches as well as bug fixing. Devs seem to communicate well too. Gameplay is fun but can grind - hence the balancing needed.
76561198124814328,Recommended,402710,31426112,Posted: 28 April,all,Ichigo Kurosaki,"Osiris is a great game, amzing graphics, great way of travel, vehicles, all that nice stuff. But its missing one thing, one thing that keeps survival games stable. A sandbox mode, Ea please do add a sandbox mode."
76561197971094023,Recommended,402710,28794569,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,adiggers,"cracking game, that well only get better with time."
76561198133978977,Recommended,402710,28875451,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,☣Legion☣,Its like ARK in space.
,Recommended,402710,30912392,Posted: 2 April,all,Militarymuscles,This got to be the best early access game i bought. Love the graphics in the game. Best part i was on a pve server with 14 pvp an i was in space looking down on the planet and i could see the big worm jump out his hole from space. That was amazing. Good Job guys!!! Cant wait to see more!
76561197987625260,Recommended,402710,27774890,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,demonwolf768,"Awesome game, it hauls you in an doesnt let go. The Planet is trying to kill me, an I love it. Cant wait to see the finished product."
76561198016070553,Recommended,402710,31454454,Posted: 29 April,all,Battle,Putting unfinished half♥♥♥♥♥updates is not the way to bring a game to the masses. After saying this i still recommend the  game with the warning the game  is far from finished. Has lots of potential if the game developer takes there time and makes solid choices.
76561198070929661,Recommended,402710,27952147,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,ThePinkHamster,"Cousin: Hey, wanna try this out ?Me: Sure, I'll give it a look.*2 weeks later*BOTH: ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ CRAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAB !!!10/10"
76561198093140181,Not Recommended,402710,34175326,Posted: 11 August,all,DesFTW,"The game runs like crap. I have an i5 6600k @4.5ghz (stable), a gtx 1070 and 16gb of ram. This game just stops for a few seconds then goes back to 60fps. Until they make the game playable I can't recomend it."
76561197993863721,Recommended,402710,30187124,Posted: 25 February,all,ODDBALL,Has great potental. Can't wait to see the updates and any additional equipment available. Graphics are well done and concepts well thought. Some bugs but expected. I recommend this game andlove to see where others take it.
76561198151916673,Recommended,402710,30173858,Posted: 25 February,all,Briantheotherguy,Awesome game. Can't wait to see the finished version. I bought 4 copies to help with cost of making the game. I love to see new games develop. :)
76561198076308537,Recommended,402710,31341654,Posted: 24 April,all,Ravenhawk,"This Game is just freaking impressive please do not ever quit developing Osiris ..plan for expansions etc etc..... keep the updates coming and Kudos to the developers!Just to ADD: I dont write reviews on steam very often but i just wanted to throw out a comment even though i reviewed this months back.Surviving, building and crafting in game is great! Fighting in game like BF1/PVE (Reminds me of Movie: Aliens) is great! I know some want PVP aspects i get that too. But wanted to add I have played both FPS and MMOs for long time and one thing I think would be great in this type of game would be cave crawling exploration with some type of random rewards at the end. Like Risk vs Reward. The reward you get is random and can greatly improve something wether its armor or your spaceship or whatever. Everyone wants to sport something they have achieved or won i am just saying. A huge loot table with random rewards for fighting thru exploration would be great if possible when jumping or exploring from one planet to the next. The desire to keep playing and moving forward is what would keep me coming for more and more I hate having to buy games or whatever and after a year or two and say wow this is sooooo boring."
76561198114817545,Recommended,402710,28999119,Posted: 3 January,all,LudoKai,"Thoroughly enjoying it.Things I like* It runs incredibly well. My rig isn't great at the moment and I'm still not getting any performance issues on ultra.* Aesthetic. The game is graphically impressive and it doesn't feel like anything you come across [or create] feels out of place.* Combat. Weapons feel like they pack a punch and are fun to handle.* Working multiplayer. Easy to set up a private game and there's been no latency issues. The fact that the host doesn't need to be online for someone to join their game is also a massive bonus.* Enemies. They have their own behaviour and patterns of attack. Side note but they're also quite creepy.  Seeing an Arachnid-type creature rush towards you during the night-time is unsettling. All creatures also have their own weakness I.E if you attack a Crabs leg then it'll blow off thus adding a tactical element to the combat rather than the generic ""Aim for the head!""* Survival elements. They're pretty good. Having to manage hunger and thirst is well-implemented with it not being like other games requiring you to drink and eat every 3 minutes.* Base building. You start with a small inflatable dome and can move on to a full habitat leading to chem labs, a barracks and even a dome in which you grow your own food. It's enjoyable to do and getting materials for all this isn't ridiculously hard or grindy like in other games.* Weather effects. Going out and getting stuck in a massive dust storm is genuinely fun. Not being able to see 5 feet in front of yourself not only looks great but adds tension.Things I dislike* There's not much in the way of audio when it comes to enemies. No piercing screeches or growls. The reason this is a problem is because if you're being chased then you literally need to change perspective or turn around to see what's actually hitting you and this can lead to you taking ever more damage.* Level-up system. It's very basic and doesn't have as much as an effect as I'd like. I've put a lot of points into health but it doesn't seem to make as much as a difference as it should.* Character gear. You'd imagine with the damage you take that you'd be able to craft new armour or upgrade what you have but that isn't the case here.Things I'd like to see* Terrain deformation. This game isn't procedural or anything and it kinda takes from the experience when you're digging up dirt and the ground itself doesn't alter.* Animation improvements. I've seen a lot of animations bug out in the 3rd person perspective and when this happens during combat then it leads to yet more damage for no reason. Animations for things like the shovel and repair-tool are also fairly weak.* Structures. Me and my best friend are currently playing through this game and we both agree it'd be incredible to see some form of structures built by other civilisations or maybe even crashed ships just to add more of a feel to exploration.* Armour. I would love for the ability to create some form of armour. Maybe creating a set for combat so you take less damage or a set for mining with bigger pockets so you can carry more.* Events. I think this game would benefit massively from random events. Seeing a derelict ship crashing on the planet you're on for you to explore, getting a horde of aliens attacking your base because something has driven them out of their home and things like that just to make the universe feel more alive.All in all I'm loving this game and I'm going to continue playing with my friend so I'll update this as I go."
,Recommended,402710,29188257,Posted: 11 January,all,Drecondius,In it's current state I cannot reccomend it. I don't have much playtime to write a decent review of the product as is because it IS evolving as we go. Bugs abound that the masses would cry about and refund it but if you want to help build the game by reporting the issues you encounter by all means do get it. Especially if you can write better reports than me lol.
76561198192976123,Not Recommended,402710,30952293,Posted: 4 April,all,BRIBOT,"As you can see the review area is changing, because people like myself who had passion for this game for whatever reasons, are now leaving and moving on. What once was mostly positive reviews, now ""mixed"" are now changing to negative.Lots of bugs, Developers losing focus, Updates also losing focus and making changes that were perfect already, Developers re-working items that were fine, instead of working on important areas so that users could just play the game (even simple elements of the game), They are now redesigning a few things which initially caught my eye, and brought me here to this game in the first place, ..these new update changes now make me want to leave.One thing I can't stand is when people start messing with things that are perfect, especially when they have ""core"" elements they should be working on, not visuals and designs which again were simply perfect.I really enjoyed this game at first, as many did that are also leaving this game for various reasons and also changing their reviews to negative. But the more I see from the new update the more I already dislike it. I was loving the Buck Rogers, nostalgic sort of look it did have with the ship. This will be disapearing quickly, and it's slowly changing and starting to look like every space game/sci-fi costume movie/tv/game theme out there right now. Some other video I've seen, show some costume changes that really are ""not my cup of tea"". I'm not sure if they are getting rid of the original Spacesuit yet, but the one I saw recently was not cool to me. The original ship will be history though which is a disappointment.Many will like the way it's changing far as visuals and design, but it's not for me. I'm very picky about what games I test, or play. If I like how something looks, feels, and controls, I'm probably going to test it if I'm interested in the content. But once you start changing those elements that got my attention in the first place, I'm out of here.The game really does have promise, when that will be? God knows. With the exception of bugs, bugs and more bugs, (they don't care to want to deal with much of them either), very little content, hackers, more hackers, server resets because of hackers, limited playability, crashes for some, and Network drops,....you get the idea,.. it's a decent game, ..even fun at times but don't expect too much from it right now, (you can get everything in just a couple days if you play wise). Don't expect too much to be coming out far as content, ..because when they say they are working hard, they probably are working hard, ..but it's just in the wrong direction!Not much feedback either from Developers, very limited. I have great communication with many Developers when I'm testing or playing games. Communication to the users testing the game is key to progressing in the right direction for not only an enjoyable game, but a completed one. It also keeps the community more interested in the game, to which they will keep testing and want to play, to see a completion."
76561198225105012,Recommended,402710,27580731,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Nimthos,"Great game so far, lots of potential."
76561198070044517,Recommended,402710,27586093,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,plutarch360,"Recommended! OSIRIS New Dawn is a game about colonizing. The premise is quite simple. Your on a planet (not actually Mars but kind is) and you need to get your kit together build a colony and survive. After purchasing this game on the first day it was release in Early Access, I have seen all of the issues that people have raised. Being in EA, one expects that there will be issues. Although the issue that OSIRIS had was pretty big, You could not save your progress and you have to start again each time you come back. THE HAS BEEN FIXED, for most of the community with another hot fix coming out today. Which leads me to the big plus, the devs are communicating in the forums and letting everyone know when the servers will be wiped and give you a heads up on what content is coming, which there is a big content patch mid December.The gameplay is reasonably solid and you are punished hard if you don't make it back to your corpse to loot your sidearm. It is a survival game after all, if it were easy then you are not surviving.  The tech tree won't allow you to craft another till you get a fair way in and trust me YOU NEED YOUR DARN PISTOL. After a rocky start, OSIRIS seems to be on a firm trajectory to be a fun solid game.The art style I find particularly good. Unlike other games, OSIRIS has gone for the more realistic approach to their buildings, requiring airlocks and coupler seals that give it a more contemporary feel.All in all this is an EA game that I would recommend to anyone that likes the colony building survival genre."
76561198006209157,Recommended,402710,27644463,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Kry,cool game but have many work w it
76561198240698974,Recommended,402710,27582195,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,NinepointRider_Official,Lag is unreal guys but great game judging by youtube and the one time I actually got it to work wish ther was a third race to play as I have already described in the suggestions section. Got a really good opportunity for a really awesome game.
76561198344022891,Recommended,402710,27563438,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,MasterMind,"An excellent game this is a must have game, do not let early access put you off this game is truly spectacular you will not be disapppointed. The planet itself is gorgeous the music is ok the storms and complete darkness are epic the build mechanics are superb, can't wait for the new items and planets.The devs have done an amazing job well done keep the new content coming this game will the best survival out it has all the thing nms was missing the only thing it doesn't have YET is other planets to explore or reside upon but that is all coming soon so guys plz buy this game and support this you'll be glad you did.EDIT Just wanted to applaud the devs here with this Aziel update I gotta say wow really niceupdate it's taken the game to an entirely new level keep it up and well done.I'd like to suggest adding new npc's as there isn't a lot of variety also expanding the terrainsize for building and reducing the amount of servers this would get more players on anyone server creating the community some what."
,Recommended,402710,30789906,Posted: 28 March,all,UIQZ,Takes a couple of hours to do all things in the game. Good game :)
76561198063085387,Recommended,402710,29595333,Posted: 30 January,all,Nukeaon,"Fantastic game thus far, looking forward to more updates, which do come relatively quick imo =)"
76561198144146568,Recommended,402710,29619804,Posted: 31 January,all,Bakmow,This is a very good game and I would recommend playing it.
,Recommended,402710,33132769,Posted: 2 July,all,Senpai Vilius [ArCoEn],Fun and enjoyful but boring alone
76561198074998021,Recommended,402710,28079038,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,o_O,Make long story short -> really great game and a must have for all survival fans.
,Recommended,402710,31108795,Posted: 12 April,all,"Airwipe (Read Profile, away)","I haven't played much at all, because of my 10 FPS. But from watching YouTubers playing thsi game, and from just looking at the possibilities it looks AMAZING! I'd definatley reccomend it. It's like Subnautica but on Mars and not in water."
76561198271926673,Recommended,402710,31095411,Posted: 12 April,all,lets get right into the noose,Spawn inside deadly plantdierespawnjump out and heal myselfdo stuffrealise all the minerals are inside the deadly plantdeadly plant randomly spawns on me10/10 would repeatedly die over a ♥♥♥♥ing plant again
76561198148824852,Recommended,402710,31109685,Posted: 12 April,all,FateWeaver71,A great game!
76561198064480010,Recommended,402710,28942505,Posted: 2 January,all,Tom Renegade,i made a full video review herehttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z7pPOFZoHooI hope it helped!
,Recommended,402710,31716862,Posted: 12 May,all,Ch4ffon,"First GAME is FUN, graphics are literally amazing. No downsides spotted by the ideas, schemes, enthusiasms throughout the game. BUT watch out for bugs. Bugs screw this game so damn hard that might have a chance to ruin this game. Meanwhile, multiplayer s still an issue, constipated servers, losing items, no anti-hack in place, malicious players everywhere.Game is still in early access, if u are not ready for it then just wait.Would still recommand due to the potential of this game"
76561198105073569,Recommended,402710,29737926,Posted: 6 February,all,wolfcry1385,I Love this game!!!
76561198286404084,Recommended,402710,26566908,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Bootz_OIF,"Review Version 0.1.072Now that I have had a decent amount of time exploring this game I can give a decent and honest review of the current build.Osiris is a game to keep an eye on going foward.  A shout out to the developers.  This team is pretty responsive to the player base and have been giving updates on up future updates.  I hope this continues as the game progresses.In the games current build it is playable and fun.  That being said do not expect a large amount of depth to the game just yet because there is a long road ahead of adding more content.  I am not going to go into specific bugs because after all this is Early Alpha and bugs are expected.  I want to be clear though, in its current build Osiris is very playable.The last major update did a bit more to balanace resource gathering.  At first I was not a fan of the change in Resource Nods to Base and Precious.  After playing I undertand why they did this.  Before you could gather resources a little too quickly.  This made it a bit more challenging as it slowed your speed of progress down.The visual scenary in this game is very enjoyable.  I am sure better resolutions will come in the future as well.  For single player its very entertaining to explore a harsh, Mars like world with some creepy crawlers.  Beware, exploring caves can be horrifying, take lots of ammo, & medical aid when going into harvest rare resources.  Cave exploration will keep you glued to the screen for sure!I do miss the ability to turn off the aliens in single player on a current saved game.  This gave players and chance to just explore without be viscsouly attacked every few minutes.  So far this is my largest complaint, the creatures behavior and agression rest time.  The respawn time for enemies needs to be turned down and the render distance for enemies needs to be increased to at least 200 meters.  It is annoying to have enemies spawn directly over top of you & when enemies actively spawn to hunt you down every few minutes even when you are just standing in your HAB minding your own business.  Hopefully this is adjusted in the future only time will tell.Sound wise, not expect the best quality in the current build.  Sound transitions are rather misleading and often annoying.  Do not turn off the music, this will be your soul indication if enemies have targeted you.  The wind effect does get on your nerves after about an hour of game play.I will not give this game an offical rating on a scale of 1 to 10 yet because it is far too early to do so.  For $24.99 on the steam market it seems a bit pricey in its current condition but I feel I am getting my moneys worth so far.  Osiris will hinge on the developers of this game to keep positive momentum, which is what they have been doing since the release date.  The Developers are correct when they stated Osiris is ""Really big & ambitious"" hopefully they can deliver :)"
,Recommended,402710,28662903,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Kattmat,"So far, haven't had any terrible issues with it. I do like it and I believe during the course of the Early Access, this game will become even more fun and catchy to play. It has had me since the first time I pressed to join a server.What is the only bad I've encountered so far is the structure limit on planets. I do understand many people play on same public server, but a structure limit on a server/ planet is stupid because all new players who can't build more than a dome and a habitat will be stuck to choose singleplayer or private server instead of playing publicly. I can see this is not an issue on PVP servers where players can destroy your structures but on PVE, it easily gets overfilled with unused structures when people quit the server for good and only PVE can destroy their bases.. But most of these people have turrets up that stops that happening.It's really good, grindy and I hope for more stuff to do, as I am aware this is Early Access, I can only say hope since many EA titles gets a good reputation, then crashes their game right into the desert wíth gamebreaking updates that no one likes. And this game has good reputation already... I hope it stays that way so this game doesn't die out. Some gamedevs here on Steam has lived through the positivity in reviews to negativity reviews and to came back strong to overwhelmingly positive. Just my idea on how the Early Access games works so far.As with many others, I do like the grind to setup a base, I like the PVE and I like to farm and explore.This is what No Man's Sky should have been. Only thing missing here is ships to explore other planets. I hope that will come in one way or another since I did like No Man's Sky when it comes to exploring planets.. But I disliked the missing survival/ building part of it that sadly came after a refund. TL;DR, this game gives me more chills than No Man's Sky when it comes to exploring, and so far I've only seen a small part of the planet ""Proteus 2"".I wish to see more hide dropping aliens since I've not yet come across a single one. Only crabs and the larvae that just drops meat and some other stuff I can't use in the game so far.Graphically stunning even on low settings with that 3500m view distance that I can't change. Runs alright on ASUS G752 ROG-gaming laptop. But if we look aside from graphics and the fact I play on laptop, I would really like that the 3500m view distance could let me change to half that distance for an increase of FPS to maybe 100 in multiplayer."
76561197982025552,Recommended,402710,28961548,Posted: 2 January,all,Sugarshrimp,"This game is turning out great. It's got a long way to go yet, but even with what it has now it's fantastic.If you like survival games and/or space games, you should definitely check this out. It's like Ark mated with Empyrion and had a baby named  Osiris: New Dawn. The feeling and atmosphere of the starting planet is simply amazing. The storms, the alien animals, and that damnable worm.Like I said, it's not finished and has a ways to go. Supporting such a stunning effort is, I believe, worthwhile."
76561198028430129,Recommended,402710,29916262,Posted: 14 February,all,Gazpacho[Meat Overlord],Hadn't played for a while. Started it back up. Went to mine some rocks - got assaulted by monsters with actual AI this time.♥♥♥♥♥♥myself harder than a startled rabbit who had one too many laxatives. 10/10 game design.
76561198064677145,Recommended,402710,31527785,Posted: 3 May,all,Skarinou,"Started playing this game just before and recent big patch, ran great before the patch and not so good afterwards but still playable and enjoyable. i only play singleplayer so my experiance is totally from that point of view.the idea of the game is to survive and  build a working base (think the Martian), you start off with basic supplies and have t farm up everything else you need, you get a mining tool and rubbish pistol and a tracking device to help you along, its not a hard game and the options to make it harder or easier are simple and changable after you have started which is a nice feature, you can build a base with various addons and furniture for the inside to help you survive, there are a good selection of vehicles each with there own stats. my personal favorite is the G.A.V while it has less storage space its much faster and easier to handle than the Rover.there are monsters to fight and kill and they will come looking for you when you make noise either during the day or night, you can craft a small selection of weapons both melee and range to help you along. there is no armor sadly which would have been nice or the ability to upgrade your spacesuit but through levelling up you can incrase your health pool along with other stats.the maps (there are 2 working planets at the moment) are a good size and you will have to travel to find the resources you need, you can build more than one base if you choose to and lots of storage. the menu design is brilliant, so very simple to grasp unlike alot of survival games who make it very hard to get hold of the basics let alone anything complex.there is a spaceship which you have to make which you pilot yourself to leave the surface and go into space where you can spacewalk, there is nothing else to really do up there for now, and there is a 2nd planet which is much harder to survive on but yeilds rarer ore for you to mine adding something extra to your experiance.you cna play in 3rd or 1st person views depending on your preferenceall in all while this game is still in its early stages its an enjoyable game, i find it very relaxing (even with the monsters) and i look forward to seeing what future patches add to the game. well worth a look if your into survival games."
,Recommended,402710,31640750,Posted: 8 May,all,Mezzo,"Looking forward to the future updates. Graphics and planets are gorgeous (though I hope they make the volumetric clouds look better) and the atmosphere, music, sfx and creatures are terrifying."
,Recommended,402710,31675148,Posted: 10 May,all,Tank,2 Creepy 4 me
,Recommended,402710,31693167,Posted: 11 May,all,TheSteroidTaco,STILL NOT BORED !!!!!
76561198105115341,Recommended,402710,31693325,Posted: 11 May,all,GiGaBit,"This games is really good with the survival factor, i enjoy it much, but an issue has occured i played the game before the Proteus II Unearthed Update (1.110) update and got back on afterwards a while later, and now when i respawn in my home/inflatable home/ spawn home, plus my other structures are now 100 feet in the air, but overall its a good games"
,Recommended,402710,32074853,Posted: 30 May,all,Fire Warrior,"Multiplayers servers are empty. Howver, I can't deny I've spent hours gathering resources and exploring... I suppouse it is because I really enjoy open wolrd games"
76561198086433904,Recommended,402710,32245740,Posted: 7 June,all,Cheesemaster,"I've played this game on and off for a few months, and each time I come back to it, I find something new and exciting to do. I've only played single-player and I've had plenty of fun times in it. Many of the reviews say that its too hard to kill the aliens, or that there are too many. Well here's your solution: turn down the spawn rate of aliens when you first start a new world/avatar. It's that simple. Once that is done, the game becomes a hell of a lot more fun. The only problem right now is that resources are very far apart for when you first start out, but you can easily prepare for the journey at the spawn of the map. Collect the sap from trees people, it serves as water lol. Overall this is a great game, I can't wait for Aziel to be improved with more content and for space itself to have more things to do."
76561198058997220,Recommended,402710,33578842,Posted: 16 July,all,[LeetPro]Foxbat,Early acces game a bit difficult but fun. The new update with different classes of Characters makes it more fun still figuring out wich class is the best for me. All and all not a bad game.
,Recommended,402710,33819604,Posted: 26 July,all,Cygnus,"I've been checking in on this game (3-5 hrs/patch) for a long time now.For a small team, they keep the updates coming pretty regularly.I don't think its quite there as far as really regular playability (as of 07/26/2017) but it's getting closer and closer.Tips:Turn off structure degradation while you learn the ropes.Learn to ration your jetpack fuel in battle."
76561197973129069,Recommended,402710,33834983,Posted: 27 July,all,mikeshanaver,Space explorer/survival/crafting gameit's like a upgraded space version of  age of empires but 1st/2nd person viewstill in Alpha but really fun to play if you can live with the every-so-often bug as they try new stuff and finish the game creation
76561198397151566,Recommended,402710,33961401,Posted: 1 August,all,kevbubbalawrie,"Good so far, not sure why this game gets as much hate as it does, the main complaints seem to be not being able to find stone and that it's to hard, to this I say go explore to find stone, there's loads of it around if you just look and yes it's hard....it's a survival game, you can change the settings to make it easier ( or harder if you're a masochist lol), aliens aren't to bad, loads of resources ( if you look for them lmao) and blueprints/shcematics open up regular enough if you don't mind grinding a bit, will update if i feel it is required.Edit...The open beta is amazing, for all you who complain the game is to hard you should try it now, it's easier than ever and just a small tweak to xp gain and points gained per level means you can open up schematics at a decent pace allowing for a very ""build heavy"" game for bases whilst still being enough of a survival game for all but die hard survival game fans (for those I'd recommend putting difficulty settings on high and then see how it goes, (tried that and OMFG it's way hard lol)"
,Recommended,402710,34963783,Posted: 14 September,all,Crowsshadow,"Osiris :New Dawn is a first/third person space survival game, it shares many aspects with other space survival games like Emporium, Space Engineers, Etc. I have not played this while its beginings but what i have played one thing is for certain the SinglePlayer side is something that need more work on and while i do understand its in Beta phase it still is unfortunate that the single player side feels empty after a few hours of gameplay and grinding, aside from that i will say the game seems to look beautiful and its on the road to something greater lets hope the creators dont drop the ball."
,Recommended,402710,35002173,Posted: 16 September,all,Cute3nough,"The game looks good and I feel it could have the potential to be. One nit pick is that I was testing the game out on Easy mode and I feel there should be a limit to which creatured will follow you. I was followed for 600+ Meters before dying to an adult crab monster that I walked a little too close to. Even in real life, a predator would not go through that much trouble to catch it's prey."
76561198314769614,Recommended,402710,26572422,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Eric,"I love this game very much, it is so fun and addicting being able to build and roam the world.I also like how you collect resources, I cant wait for another update!"
76561197997074466,Recommended,402710,31654910,Posted: 9 May,all,MisguidedMisfire,"This is hands down one of the most enjoyable games I bought on a whim and started playing --Your frame of mind is your avatar's frame of mind and the game has me playing more just because I can. As a geochemistry student, I also take great joy in seeing the landforms in this game, which I haven't had a comparible experience with since The Crew. Getting into the field is just as immersive as I imagine it would be on a new planet, with the added bonus of now being able to carry in excess of 250 kilograms.The gameplay does seem a bit grindish at the start when first looking for materials, but now I'm at the point that I'm waiting for the update to allow connected habitats for additional inside storage space. I'm excited to see where the game goes, and the developers are definitely implementing a number of material properties that I enjoy purely for being tangible to the course work in material science classes.With that said, there could definitely be some improvements that will undoubtedly come in time --the main point being the story. Knowing so little is fascinating and focuses your role on survival, but now I'm to the point of figuring out how to survive in a practical manner. I can't wait to play this with friends!As an added note, KEEP DIRTY VISOR ON!!! The immersion it provides is unparalleled and worth sacrificing heavier rendering effects like anti-aliasing. It's an equally as satisfying appearance and makes you stress just a bit more in storms. It's like a cross between No Man's Sky and Dead Space.Definitely worth 25 smacks in the face --even more so if the game jumps to a full $60 at the time of the official release."
76561198083043009,Recommended,402710,32480738,Posted: 16 June,all,Sapmi,"This game is actually very good in my opinion. Still has alot of polishing to do as it is in early access and everything can happen. And i've only played this game for a few hours, so i can't exactly give out the best ""review"" of it.i'm just gonna give out something constructive about the gameplay i've experienced so far which i hope gets attention!The smelting seems weird as it is manually and not automatically.When we jump the character stops and makes a really loud sound for a brief moment which can be annoying in length. and this happens everytime.Gathering resources is a bit hard considering you have to go  2000 - 4000m radius in every direction, to find everything you need to build a base.there is no mod support yet (That i know of).some buildings is restricted to me only even in co-op which can be unconvenient, but it is not that big of an issue.Water is a big issue in the ""early"" states of the game and can't be crafted or accquired from rivers as the water in the game has no physics YET, but that is subjected to change i believe.And like with every early access games there is glitches/bugs and tweaks etc that will eventually get fixed. Other than that this game has ALOT of potential and i will for sure follow to see what happens next.Thumbs up from me!"
76561198277424391,Recommended,402710,33324756,Posted: 6 July,all,[TAC]ACTAVISx,its a good survival game Lots of things to do and has good progress in development. but it has more room to improve in the  combat area.
76561198037626642,Recommended,402710,33830669,Posted: 27 July,all,Admrilowl,"novel, roaming beasts give you a run for your money, at night.....hide"
76561198028021241,Recommended,402710,34997728,Posted: 16 September,all,Lt.Col.EpicFi,I love this game! Can't wait for more updates!
,Recommended,402710,35120579,Posted: 21 September,all,BongzGaming,"This game is awesome! I love how it feels like a nice mix of survival and exploration, you don't need to grind a ridiculous ammount. There is already tons of structures and vehicles to build, and they also have a creation mode where you don't need to grind for materials, just build your heart away.Every time I start up the game I get the feeling like I'm Matt Damon in The Martian. EPIC!So if you enjoy games like Star Citizen or Ark this is a nice middle ground, I highly recommend it!"
,Recommended,402710,34965156,Posted: 14 September,all,Bad-Raccoon,"I can't believe how good this game looks on runs. For the Small developement team, they did hard core optimization. At 4k on max settings at over 144 FPS. I havn't seen a game run that smoothly in a long time.The gameplay is interesting. Its a survival game where you land on a planet with only a few items, you have to build yourself a base, vehicles while the enviorment and alien creatures attempt to kill you. You can either play COOP or Single player and it gives you options to tweak the settings for yourself to make it feel better for yourself.  Definately a interesting game to grab up and play. If you have a friend, you might be playing this for a very long time.ProsFantastic OptimizationUnique Vehicle Selection4 Outfits to choose fromDifferent guns / melee weaponsDecent Paced gameplayFun Base buildingLovely sceneryMultiple planets to exploreQuest line that involves dungeon delvingConsBase defense turrets dont do enough damageEnemys can spawn right ontop of your baseEnemys in dungeons respawn randomlyAll in all, If they keep updating it and actually add more stuff to do, I see this game becoming a pretty great surival game."
,Recommended,402710,35130191,Posted: 22 September,all,Lem0n(OP),nice game but can u fix game crash??
76561197962492925,Recommended,402710,35134774,Posted: 22 September,all,LampyCakes,"I've been watching this game for awhile and was pretty hesitant to get on board with all the issues coming up in reviews. Last week I bought this game on sale and Im really glad I did. Overall considering early access I'd give it a 7/10 being worth the purchase on sale, maybe not at full price. That said, the potential for this game is huge, see the full review below. Note: I've only played single player. Havent tried multi.Gameplay:There are a few awkward things about gameplay that simply take getting used to. For one, the game uses F as the interaction key. After years of using E for interactions, F feels odd. Not a huge deal, just takes getting used to. Another thing is running. Running is interrupted by stepping off a rock that is slightly too tall whileyou...land?Again not a huge deal but it feels clunky. Once you get used to it you'll be running around no problem only running into the issue when going downhill mostly. Other than that gameplay wise the game feels pretty good. Survival feels good and could be made a little more difficult (maybe it is on harder difficulties, only played on normal) but there is enough there that you have to think about it without it bogging you down much. In all 8/10 gameplay. Imo only minor tweaks needed.Skill Tree/Leveling/Experience:The system works though could use some minor tweaks. One thing is that getting combat and science experience is tedious compared to engineering. For science you can just farm gas, empty tanks, rinse repeat. Crafting mostly provides engineering xp but some items provide science. It would be nice for a tooltip to tell you what kind of xp you get from crafting an item. Combat experience is easy to get but enemies are so easy to avoid for the most part that it feels like you could just avoid that whole portion of the game. More on combat ahead. I havent had any of the issues with skills being unlearned after rejoining. 6/10. The system is there but needs more work for sure so that the grind is still there with a little variety in how you gain xp to round out science and combat.Combat: When you do decide to engage in combat, each enemy type engages in different ways. At first it was fun to analyse the pattern to kill each mob but after 5 or so enemies you get it and its the same dance. Guns are underpowered and leave you using melee in most instances to save resources/time. On top of that the best melee weapon I have is made from the engineering skill tree, not the combat skill tree. Now to be fair I havent researched all the melee weapons in the combat tree but, I feel no need to. Oh, the Gun vehicle dual laser turret does less damage than my engineering melee weapon. Definitely needs some balancing and attention to this area of the game. Lastly, enemies are so easy to disengage or dodge and you can largely avoid combat all together if you so choose. 4/10.Building:This seems the most polished aspect of the game and my main draw. At first you'll flounder around figuring out certain aspects of building like the multi-tool and why you cant build a fabricator. Once you figure it out you just have to play your base accordingly. Really the parts are all here and the system works well. All it needs is some sort of tutorial to tell you what is going on. 9/10Crafting:Honestly, crafting itself feels right and balanced. I give it a 8/10. Now for my wish. Machines should be able to be placed inside or have a building dedicated to their use. Maybe a laboratory? Wait thats for making cars only. Eh, its kind of petty and you can get around this by designing your base properly but you'll still need to go through the airlock sequence each time you want to use the fabricator. Just let me put them all in one room or at least don't make me do the airlock every time.Graphics:Beautiful. I really love the landscape and feel truly immersed in the game. My computer is decent but not top of the line and I have no issues running the game on Max settings. Again, I've only played singleplayer. 10/10 even with some artifacts and whatnot but thats EA for you.Compared to:Space Engineers - The games are too different to really compare imo. SE is minecraft where you build what you want and interact with your creations. Osiris you build what you need and interact with the environment. Its just a different mindset for me and they fill different niches.Subnautica - This is the closest comparison I can come up with. Subnautica is a much more finished game at the moment. However I have high hopes Osiris will get there with the latest update."
76561198067580335,Recommended,402710,35182445,Posted: 24 September,all,Nacho Kinda People,"I'm not a huge fan of survival games, but this one definitely works for me. Even playing in single player has it's own eerie vibe to it. It has the potential to be a solid space survival game!"
,Recommended,402710,35192426,Posted: 24 September,all,Jonny2Bad,"Great game. only issues ive had so far are that; a buddy and i have a co-op game and weve lost one ship to client crashing. cannot enter the baldur mine unless its just me in the game. even when its just him he cant get in. weve had multiple crash set backs. losing ore, losing crafting materials....ect..my overall opinion is that the game is fantastic. i love the combat and mining. its a great change from zombie survival(which never get old for me). i come from console so to have variation is fantastic. just because its early acess dont let that spoil your opinion on the game. crashes and set backs happen. its great, totally worth the price."
,Recommended,402710,35196401,Posted: 24 September,all,Specter,"The game is tons of fun, although in 15 hours you can do most everything in it, but it keeps the element of ""Whats around the next corner"" throughout. It has some hiccups, vehicles like the GAV randomly dissapearing or minor bugs with repairs. Id 100% recommend this to anyone."
76561198020414274,Recommended,402710,35201389,Posted: 25 September,all,Konsept,"Enjoyable game, fun to play with friends! not much bugs that ive seen so far"
76561198054200836,Not Recommended,402710,28538552,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Kurt Nobrain,"this game has tons of patential but currwntly the ""talent system"" does not work. i have access to blueprints for talents i dont have and am missing one for talents i do have. i also con not find carbon anywhere. this brings the game to a stand still."
76561197997693416,Not Recommended,402710,29658881,Posted: 2 February,all,soul&breaker,nise game but still to early to buy  + creature animation poor looks unrealisticbut views from planet is fantasticgiving 6/10if you looking for good survival subnautica is much better
76561197970834739,Recommended,402710,27079012,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,stevehl,Nice game i love it
76561198032547669,Not Recommended,402710,28013301,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Nickanokalis,"Liked the harsh, eerie, strange environment but the gameplay felt more like work  than gaming. After a few hours of frustrating gameplay I realized I never experienced the game and it's mechanics as entertaining. It may be great someday but I don't feel it's worth a play at the moment."
,Not Recommended,402710,26622807,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Pinocchibro,"I know I have less than an hour's playtime, but that is because I wanted to stay well within the refund period for this... ""game"". Please understand me when I say that it is unenjoyably difficult in its current state.Immediately after spawning onto my starting planet, I was given a short few missions that served as a very poor tutorial. After completing them, my first real mission was to collect minerals to build what I can only assume would have been my base. I began to look around, and was thankful that there were mioneral deposits very near to my location. I ran over to them and was immediately swarmed by aliens, which made short work of me. I died, and was respawned in a little dome that I assembled during the ""tutorial"" at the beginning.I open the door to the dome, and lo and behold, the swarm of aliens was waiting outside. I ran back inside, assuming that the dome was a safe haven, but the aliens, for whatever reason, were able to hit me through the walls, and I was killed. I was spawn camped... by the games AI.Since I was able to reach my body this time, I looted it to discover that I had a pistol and assault rifle all along (the game never tells you this). I equipped them, ran outside, and--- sandstorm... with aliens. The sandstorm was so dense that I was shooting blindly, hoping that a stray round might hit something (enemy hit boxes are about the size of a dime, by the way), but I was killed yet again.My entire 0.4 hours of gameplay was spent dying, and dying, and dying.The game looks great, it has interesting looking enemies, and it may hold a lot of promise later down the road, but in its current state, it is, again, entirely unenjoyable. I have played early access games, I have played betas, and I have paid to partake in both, but this game should not cost anywhere near $24.99."
76561198038209174,Not Recommended,402710,28499257,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Blackghost,"Bad game, the devs are.. realllly slow at adding content.Hackers are masters in this game.Stay away"
,Recommended,402710,33216850,Posted: 3 July,all,SK8DSTRY,"I follow this game for a while and decide to brought when it on sale, Game mechanic it's good but it's quiet hard for every new player because in-game tutorial is not explain much a thing.Survival aspect of this game is really ""hardcore"" you start with almost nothing useful and this game need a lot of grindish thing,resource food etc. But if you can get yourself some tool it's will be easier and building your base is very fun part for me you can craft and expand a base as you see fit.Visual in this game is very impressive and make me feel immersive.Combat in-game I must say it's very buggies and clumsy and need much more improvement.If you are looking for survival game with sci-fi setting try this one you will love it,or hate it lol."
,Recommended,402710,35449168,Posted: 3 October,all,Lastgrub167,mememeh
76561198178531574,Recommended,402710,35461943,Posted: 3 October,all,ezza_6996,osiris new dawn is laging so much its proberly 15 frames a second for my computer
76561197971576633,Not Recommended,402710,35499117,Posted: 5 October,all,Patoche,The construction of the base remains mysterious! I removed a structure then I wanted to put it back. But I never could do it ???? Why ? The phantom of the construction remains red without knowing why!Very bad !
76561198013812528,Recommended,402710,35499029,Posted: 5 October,all,ajseagle,Good game
76561198192645070,Not Recommended,402710,35498882,Posted: 5 October,all,WoolyWings,To hard to get stuff and way to hard grind if you have time for it go for it
76561198080557360,Not Recommended,402710,35507583,Posted: 5 October,all,Aaron Lichen,"I do not recomend this game for it's rubbish FPS I don't see much potential in it, the games basis is grinding with no real objective, if you want a fun early access get ASTRONEER it is more fun and it includes fun space exploration with more planets to come as well as good FPS."
,Not Recommended,402710,25801435,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,StanseW,"Apparently this game has nothing to offer but building some structures and exploring at its actual state. Graphics are much worse than the ones shown in the screenshots, it bothers my eyes. I would recommend to wait till v. 1.0 before buying Osiris: New dawn.Note: I'm aware of the fact that the game is in early access, and i'm writing this review to prevent people buying this game NOW as it isn't promising as it looks."
,Not Recommended,402710,25793437,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,SLRRP,The game is at a point in time where the sticker price is simply unwarranted. For $25 you can get a ton of early access games that are much more advanced and provide a ton of bang for your buck. I'm 4 hours in and the game is just walk to and from node points while easily killing whatever pesky bugs wander into your path.
,Not Recommended,402710,25771677,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,PurpleMentat,"This game is not currently worth the asking price in it's current state. After seeing many Early Access titles remain in Early Access for years, and seeing such innovations as Early Access titles offering paid DLC, I no longer believe the label to mean anything about the future. As the Early Access Game banner warns you,""This Early Access game is not complete and may or may not change further. If you are not excited to play this game in its current state, then you should wait to see if the game progresses further in development.""At this time, Osiris: New Dawn is not worth buying. The game is very buggy. Most of the content is not yet implemented. Building recquires many hours of resource gathering, at which point you will have access to buildings with functions that are not implemented. Food and water concerns are non-existant (I have been alive for multiple in-game days without draining the food or water bar.) Buildings are indestructible, unless you press the no-confirmation 'destroy' key with your multitool out (which is the same as the 'put away multitool' key). Finding specific resources to harvest and hauling the wide variety of recquired resources was how most of my playtime was spent. The payoff for accomplishing these feats was... nothing. None of the advanced buildings (laboratory, large sattelite dish, biodome) are mechanically implemented.The creatures are imaginitive. The ideas of the game are grand. I look forward to checking back in on this game in three to six months to see if it has progressed to the point where it is worth buying. For now, save your money and keep an eye on it."
76561197989451256,Not Recommended,402710,25802904,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,NightSchade,This game is currently only playable in single player or private server.  The public servers have too many buildings in them so you arent allowed to build anything in them.  This game looks really good so far but is very much early access.  Support the devs now or buy it later when it is more playable.  Your choice.
76561198247381434,Not Recommended,402710,32029666,Posted: 28 May,all,ComeHereCupcake,"Don't get me wrong, this game is fun. The only reason I don't recommend this game is because of the lack of materials and the latest big update. Before the update the game was really fun and easy. And had losts of progress on my base. And it ran smooth on my great PC. But after the update, things went down hill fast. All of my bases were floating because they changed the terian a lot. Then they made materials hard to find. They Made hydrogen hard to find. I played the new update for about 6 hours now. I looked every ware and can't find hydrogen for water. Which is important for your survival I have only found oxygen and clorine. And they got rid of a little floating robot that helped you alot. So in conclution, do I recommend this game. No I don't think so. Not for now. If they fix all of the material problems and the lag. I would recommend this game 11/10. but for now. save your money."
,Not Recommended,402710,30919398,Posted: 3 April,all,Hydra,"I love these kinds of games, but this sucked. I had no clue what i was supposed to do.This game had AWFUL sli performance, was getting avg 40 fps with 2 Overclocked 1080sAlso i got spawn killed over and over by aliens and had no weapons to defend myself."
,Recommended,402710,25946442,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,[Knife]-Chris,"Although the game is very good picture. But did not bring Chinese, this game should Chinese players a lot, so I hope the official will support Chinese so much the better.!!"
76561198101948134,Not Recommended,402710,34988859,Posted: 15 September,all,ChosenOne,Could be an amazing game if only it had solar systems with planets. Will give it a possitive review when it will have more planets..For now it has only 2 planets with almost zero content..
,Not Recommended,402710,29290946,Posted: 15 January,all,"Prof Dick Cancer, AIDS.","This game has a decent idea (that it stole verbatum from other games) and executes it extremely poorly. What you end up with is this weird and tedious jumpscare simulator with a bad camera, awful controls and extremely linear progression. Although if you enjoy mining, getting jumpscared, killing an alien and repeating then maybe this is the game for you."
,Recommended,402710,31582150,Posted: 6 May,all,UNIT28,sandboxpretty good graphicsi will recommend to stay away from multiplayerinteresting stuff that u could saw in a moviesand bugs =0
,Not Recommended,402710,34532276,Posted: 27 August,all,tjosas,"On a planet consisting of sand and rock i found plutonium before i found rocks...The problem with this game is balancing, as in there is none. Resources are spread at a random pattern possibly making your session annoyingly tedious. And so are the enemies,. They are spawned randomly, so you might get a pair of gigantic crab monster spawn on the location you set up you first base. without anything to protect you with. and alot of other small things adds up to the annoyanceItems degredate to fast.Walking animation is annoying.Combat is attrocious.etcetcBut ""Reaserch and Development"" is the worst part.Unlike other games here RnD is done by leveling up three seperate branches. Engineering, science and Combat.Which not only doesn't make sense but it is poorly implemented. Meaning that you will have to grind like a MF just to get some basic usefull tools.And to top it of the game is littered with bugs that stops you from creating the item you have been grinding for.The game has potential.But the developers needs to get theire heads out of theire asses and take another look at what they are creating because now it is just a booring mess."
76561198034554530,Not Recommended,402710,26071588,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,CyberTron,I really love this game but i'm from South-Africa. I am unable to join public servers due to it keeps on crasing or the server kick me for 198-230ms Ping :( i want this game really bad :(
,Not Recommended,402710,31868639,Posted: 20 May,all,MadSam,"This game is a lie , dont get fooles by the videos on the store page!!!"
76561198254524586,Not Recommended,402710,30739523,Posted: 25 March,all,Radaarr,Gets old pretty fast.
76561198208260572,Recommended,402710,25819059,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Space Hobo,10/10 would get jumpscared again
76561198348029265,Not Recommended,402710,30917226,Posted: 2 April,all,Justin_760,"Got this because it APPEARED to be a more polished early access game. I was wrong. This is the third EA game ive struck out on. Besides the dozens of glitches I ran into in my VERY brief playtime, the main thing I hated was the balancing. Right when I started maybe a few minutes in I get smashed by some ridiculous giant worm and my suit gets wrecked and I die. Then walking around looking for resources and I walk by this red plant and a loud yelp sounds and my suit gets wrecked, I die. My third time I went out, mining resources, and I notice im over encumbered, some titanium and lead in my inventory and its already maxed out and making me walk at a snails pace. A crab alien attacks me, and you guessed it, smashes my suit, low oxygen, so I crawl towards my base at 1mph and suffocate and die halfway there.A game like this needs to have SOME kind of tutorial or tips or something. Its completely arrogant for a dev team to just assume that people are going to take the initiative and time to find and study a detailed guide just to make it past the first five minutes. There is literally no explanation or context on what to do or how to do it. Which means a whole lotta frustration and confusion, which is totally unnecessary, I mean how hard can it be to make a few messages pop up in the corner of screen, to give tips?People boast about the graphics being so great, I think they are utter crap. Im running it maxed out and it looks like a game from 2012. Visuals are super fuzzy looking and objects/aliens that are further than 100 feet away turn into 16 bit cartoons with wonky animations, and thats with view distance pumped up. I guess I just didnt have the motivation to study a walkthrough and learn everything, mainly because the game just doesnt play well, guns feel like toy cap guns, movement feels strange and the gameplay is overall mediocre. The UI and inventory/crafting menus are irritating as well.The game is just so unpolished and unfinished, but thats the point right? With early access. Well I think EA is just NOT for me, I dont know why I keep doing this to myself and getting these total cash grab scams with devs that dont fix anything and only add new content. It will probably never leave EA either like most. So I figure EA just isnt my thing, Id rather just not play it until its actually playable and legit, which based on this product is MANY MANY years off, and even then I give it the potential to be a 7/10 game MAX.This is just my personal experience, so if you dont mind playing a borderline broken game then go for it. Youve got to REALLY REALLY like space survival crafting games to put up with this one, in my opinion. So be sure this is what you want if you purchase it."
,Not Recommended,402710,32691579,Posted: 23 June,all,Ron Swanson,"Don't let the negative review or my time on this game fool you. This game has HUGE potential. Like every game in it's early stages it has it's pros and cons and unfortunately at this given moment the cons of this game are greater than the pros.PROS:- Great idea and concept.- Visually pleasing graphics.- Great for Sci-Fi lovers.- Great if you like games like RUST, Forest, ARK etc.- Great if you like to build bases and colonies.- Cool and creepy creatures which surprise you and make the game fun.CONS:- A lot of grinding is required in order to gather the materials to make buildings.- Newer updates just add more to the grind.- Unnecessary smelting of materials into ingots to create items and buildings.- No tutorial whatsoever at the start of the game, it looks a bit over-whelming.- The creatures at night are EXTREMELY unbalanced. (Too powerful)- Entering the building is not very optimized. (You get stuck in the door)- The neutral creatures AI is very poor. If you shoot them, they don't do anything.- Enemy creatures just perform 2 or 3 attacks over and over again.- When a creature dies and you loot it, it sinks in the ground right infront of you. Visually displeasing.- When you die, you see your body on the ground and the camera zooms out, your body is on the ground glitching like hell broke loose while you are having epilepsy attacks.- Hard to identify resources unless you see them online or have read about them.- The weapons you start with literally do nothing to the creatures (Again, they are over-powered)"
76561198020944472,Not Recommended,402710,29906755,Posted: 13 February,all,Azgard,"Nice graphics, nice OST, very nice effects, but extremely bad playibility.Errors that must be fixed ASAP:1. Building is extremely difficult (THIS I FOUND THE MOST ANNOING OF ALL). The orientation of the building, the position of the player combined with the heavy terrain makes it almost impossible to do it propperly. I spent half an hour trying to build an airlock. Make it more lego like... more Minecrafty. Otherwise I dessist and go play something else.2. Very poor instructions. One must gamble arround with all the materials and the tools to finnaly realise that, in order to build the walls of the habitat, the repair tool must be used (cmon).3. Very poor graphics in third person playing. No actions that are seen in first person... no digging, no minning. The avatar just stays still.4. Bugs are everywhere. For example, from a considerable distance you can see three solar panels (near the huge abandoned antena). Once you get three meters near it, it suddenly dissapears.Conclusion: to BETA-ish game for it to cost 22 euros.I hope you improve it soon."
,Not Recommended,402710,31404050,Posted: 27 April,all,Frostic,"♥♥♥♥ no, another early access game that promises to be great, I've got some experience with these type of games now and I'm having mayor preformance issues besided the gameplay is not even that fun. 3/10 would maybe in 10 years or so play again"
,Not Recommended,402710,34910605,Posted: 12 September,all,The5JewBankers,"Fantastic concept. Doesn't run well at all. Which is expected for EA. At this point I can't recommend. My game is locked to 15fps and there is no visible way to turn it off. Even though the game says its set to 100. At this framerate, it's unplayable. Don't care to invest hours to figure it out. Will try and buy it once more later in development. 3rd time is a charm.specs =  980ti x2 -  i7 7700k - 16g RAM - 1tb ssd. Really don't think it's my system but eh."
76561198001243446,Not Recommended,402710,25873053,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Death,"At this point in time, I cannot recommend this game for its current price.Its a shell of what they show in the preview video.You cant make a mechthere is only 1 space ship (that is horrible to control)there is no space station or any way to build a space stationyou cannot tame alien creaturesthe game is buggy, yes this is EA, i completely understand...but when you have player made bases disappearing 3x... its a little much'hot swapping' items from inventory to inventory also seems to get the item stuck in limbo randomly.  the item just hovers over where you are trying to place it.  Cant get it back, hovering item stays there until you log.vehicles;the space ship.  has a hover mode that litterally hugs every curve in the ground.  if you are hovering at 100ft and fly over a hill, your ship will tilt to the curvature of the hill (divot, rock, pebble...).  worst implementation of 'hovering' ever.GAV - looks amazing.  gets stuck on everything.  vehicles get damaged just by driving them over the native terrain.  for some reason the 6 wheeled vehicle is front wheel drive.  if you try to drop in to a crater slowly, as not to break the gav, you will get stuck with your 2 front tires hanging over the edge.  you also cant push it...Hoverbike - best vehicle in the game.  though it breaks extremely fast.  just over 1 min of driving full speed until you have to get out and repair it.building - nothing special.  gather all the requirements and you get to place pre-made structures... then have them disappear multiple times. good times.building is also extremely limited.  I had 8 pieces of structure down, tried to place a 9th, 'limit reached'.  yea... ... ...Multiplayer - completely unplayable.  though there were people playing somehow... ping @45ms getting frames from 0 to 5.  no, its not my rig.  everyone in my party had the same issue.  Cant shoot enemies as they lag way to much.Frame/lag issues only seemed to start turning up when 3+ people are on a multiplayer server (judging by the private server we made).The Map - though the world as a whole is extremely large... the playable (populated) area is roughly 4km square.  the rest of the world is completeley devoid of anything.Conclusion - I do see a lot of potential for this game.  but in its current form, im suprised it make it here.  if you resource and build everything it lets you, explore the entire populated map and fly in to space to check out the asteroids... you probably have 3 hours of game play (most of the time spent running).And yes, i completely understand that its EA.  There are a lot of EA games that have A LOT more to offer than Osiris (Empyrion for example, yes it currently has been in development longer than Osiris, but when it first made it to Steam it still had much more... everything).I did enjoy the game and am looking forward to seeing what becomes of it, but for the time being... save your $30 and wait until they have something more to offer."
76561197997950250,Not Recommended,402710,35105265,Posted: 21 September,all,Hellborne,FIX THE DISSAPEARING BUILDINGS ISSUE! PLEEEEEAAAAASSEEE!!!
76561198108074217,Not Recommended,402710,26705125,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,The Corgi King,this game seems to be shaping up from last time I reviewed it but I would like to point out that there is a new glitch that I take damage from fauna while in vechicle
,Not Recommended,402710,35363335,Posted: 30 September,all,CapStrax,"Great game, beautiful, a nice twist on survival for those of us of the sci-fi mindset, so why am I not recommending it?  Because it's freaking frustrating trying to figure out the gameplay mechanics.Droid got destroyed?  Good luck.  Droid ran of out batteries?  May as well start a new game.  Can't figure out why you can't access the droid's inventory?  Oh, that's because you're not equipping the multitool while you're staring at it.  Can't figure out why putting ores into furnaces doesn't give you the option to smelt anything?  They don't have to leave your personal inventory, didn't you know.  And a million, million other seemingly small details that all add up into one endless Googling exercise.Seriously, the game it awesome, but you'll spend far more time googling how to do some of the most basic nonsense that it will grow tiring VERY quickly.  There's no tutorial, no hand-holding, and no explanation as to how things work.  I've played enough survival/crafting games to know that they usually follow the same format, but just think for a moment if Minecraft wouldn't let you access the contents of a chest unless you were actively equipping an axe.  You'd just never think to do that so you don't try it.This game looks great, has a great feel, has a unique setting, and I believe will grow into something amazing to play...especially on multiplayer.  But if you can't get past the basics because they're so obtuse you'll never reach the enjoyment phase.Hoping the developers do a better job with the gameplay.  Otherwise this is a beautiful dud."
76561198011399560,Not Recommended,402710,33421956,Posted: 9 July,all,Splinta,This game is not ready for sale. I would like a refund.
76561198012146731,Not Recommended,402710,25931070,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Dyderich,Needs to get some loving on the bug side....just had my habitat/storage/forge/etc disappear on me....as well as all my other structures I had just built....so now I cannot survive at all since I have nothing anymore as storage/building are both gone.....that needs to be fixed ASAP.
,Recommended,402710,30887456,Posted: 1 April,all,Alpha BRO,Good Game
,Not Recommended,402710,30707934,Posted: 24 March,all,Tampa Powers,"After the initial tutorial there is no more info available on where to progress next. Had to go through guides to figure out what to do. The mechanics hint at some very grand ideas, but overall lack depth. In its current state it really isn't fun to play, equivalent games offer more and are more engaging too. Too much lense flare and overall gimmicks on screen all the while lacking in visual fidelity. Barely any options and those should be basics by now. For the price, even in EA, it simply isn't worth it."
,Not Recommended,402710,30901955,Posted: 2 April,all,TheN0VA89,well ive had this game since it came out noiticed it gets usless updates that dont add to any gameplay mostly bug fixes map size dramaticly srunk base bulding is linier meaning evey one has the same look only one class to pick from other are locked have been from the start the spacestation on the vid aint even in the game its just a placeholder floting in space once you get a space ship and move you do the same thing as on the starter planet.some fetures of base building are usless like bio dome no use for it this game need gameplay there is nothing to do but gather resources.
76561197992398908,Recommended,402710,25876122,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Doogie_78,Trump 2016!
76561198172911173,Recommended,402710,25772653,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,rongraith,Oh god the worm.... the WORM
,Not Recommended,402710,28905559,Posted: 1 January,all,MasterIvey,"I am actually pretty upset with almost every early access game lately.This one looks NOTHING like the pictures. The floor of the planet keeps disappearing, just... STEAM in general needs to stop with all of the early access games that seem so great, but never actually finish production."
76561198162556757,Not Recommended,402710,31714364,Posted: 12 May,all,Lj,Used to be a good game until the Proteus 2 update.
,Not Recommended,402710,33006381,Posted: 29 June,all,zsapp16,They spawn you into a world and tell you to survive with a broken space suite.. great right?? no there is no way to even fix the suite. The patch tape doesnt exist in my inventory so i guess with a broken suite and no oxygen i should find the materials and craft some. Great planning guys. DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY
,Not Recommended,402710,33475206,Posted: 12 July,all,Beaztea,"Takes 5 minutes to get through the beginning credits to the title screen, 5 minutes to boot into a server and 5 minutes to close the game. It takes so long Windows thinks it's unresponsive. Also the gaemplay for the first 2 hours is just awful. There is no tutorial to firgure out how to build a shelter. You start with a knife or chisel both of which break quickly. Osiris has been out for a year now and it's still a piece of trash. Don't waste your money on this. Get a game that actually works."
76561198033665082,Not Recommended,402710,31369105,Posted: 25 April,all,Hazmat Hoodie,"Built everything, went everywhere. Shows promise. Hopefully it makes it out of early access. Decent visuals, enemy ai could use some work, the only time enemies are scary are at night when they swarm. There are hardly any enemies that require any strategy besides jump and shoot."
,Not Recommended,402710,28905695,Posted: 1 January,all,McLovin,I log in for the first time. Being left handed I map movement to the numerical pad. Try walking around and my toolbelt items start switching around then I realize that the 1-8 hotkeys still prevail no matter what you map to the num pad. Instant fail. Don't buy this game if you are a left handed person like me. (I will try this game again in a few months if this ever gets fixed I will update this review).
,Not Recommended,402710,30887331,Posted: 1 April,all,Solitaire,Not too bad of a game but there is so little in the game so far it feels far from complete or being complete. I would give it another year if you're expecting this to be something to sink your teeth into. For now... uninstalled.
,Recommended,402710,26603195,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Now_U_R_Dead_XD,ONLY PLAYED LIKE TWO HOURS ON RECORD IT KINDA REMINDS ME OF ARK BUT AT THE SAME TIME IT DONT SOME CRAFTING SIMULARITYS YET WATER AND FOOD DRAIN ARE LIKE NOT THERE AS MUCH SEEMS LIKE WHEN YOU GET ATTACKED OR HURT BY SHARP PLANTS OR LIFE FORMS THATS WHEN YOU NEED TO PATCH SUIT AND EAT FOOD FOR HEALTH  PISTOL DONT RUN OUT OF AMMO AND MULTI TOOL IS INDESTRUCTIBLE  AND AS FAR AS THE DUCK TAPE GOES IM NOT SURE HOW THAT ACTUALLY WORKS IF IT RUNS OUT OR NOT I WOULDNT LOOSE IT TILL YOU FIND OUT HOW TO OBTAIN MORE ALONG WITH THE TOOLS .leveling is a bit slow  only level 2 or 3 atm after two hours play time  it definitly takes as long as vanilla ark does  but it seems like a freash atmosphere and not an exact clone  looking forward to new updates to see what they have in store for us... will update when i know more about this game thanks for reading!...
76561198166465396,Recommended,402710,27731418,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Cockney Thug,This game is amazing..... Enough said. Buy it!
76561198006533071,Not Recommended,402710,28496586,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Hard Boiled Egg,"It is in very very early access, there is a very limited amout on content, it shows promise but its very far away from being finished from what is on EA build. I havent played the beta EA build so i am not sure whats coming, but within about 6 hours you can do almost everything the game offers, and then there is nothing more.Summary:Very little contentGood atmosphereAbout 6 hours of play time in current build (Aziel patch Dec 16)"
76561197970841514,Not Recommended,402710,31209174,Posted: 17 April,all,McNeeds,at the start it is fun hard and scary and seeing the massive work made me♥♥♥♥♥♥my self.but after a while and proggrestion speed up to just being on for 30 mins means you can get reasourse to build half a base and a mech suit.there are limits and how many building you can own and how many doins anr vehicles as wellbut that dosent matter becuase there is not much in the game anyway just waiting on updates that are where coming at a stady pace but are taking years to even show proggrestion
76561198138210588,Not Recommended,402710,29546565,Posted: 28 January,all,wh31an,"Diamond and lithium keep dissapearing from my storage locker inside the habitat. Your space suit over heats while space walking if you hold the shift key to move faster, space is pritty cold and your weightless so over heating shouldn't be a problem. Played 30hrs or so and im at the stage where there's nothing else to do. Limited crafting and no objectives expect the ones you create your self. I thought there would be more too it to keep you occupied while the updates came but sadly not the case. More of everything PLEASE ! What you've got is good just theres not enough of it, look how little choice you've got when it comes to crafting. Where's all the weapons and buildings. Storage full of resource and nothing to use it on. Shared storage as well for colony's you can share everything else but the storage WHY ? To describe the weather in one word i'd say ""repetative"" it just changes too quick can't we have a couple of days were it's solid sunshine. I'd suggest weather seasons for earth like planets but that might frazzle your brains would bring a different dynamic to the game prepping for winter hunting in summer. leave it with you. I've not recommended the game on the fact its £18.99 and there not much of a game to play you'll soon get board if your into survival crafting games. Forest for £8.99 will keep you playing longer."
76561198113969848,Recommended,402710,30895470,Posted: 2 April,all,-=SniperCat=-,Great game.Uses most survival-space things... i think.The aliens are a plain in the a*sso ya. great game.Solid 8 out of 10.#Firsttimewritingreviews
76561198030393157,Not Recommended,402710,28908162,Posted: 1 January,all,Streptokok,"Looks promising but has alot of work to do.Some anoying stuff in game will hopefully get changed like sand storm every 5 minutes that last for 10 minutes???Its not like you cant get lost on your own, no need for a sand blizzards all the time (btw wtf is with that? no map beacon for base?)..."
76561198158743272,Recommended,402710,30867716,Posted: 31 March,all,KingApe,"well first id like to start off by saying i do love this game,Honestly i dont know much about science but i feel as this game has alot of realism to a scientific level. but i also feel thats it can kinda be a lil too realism in a bit detail.  i dont have much complaints about this game aside from the fact that the graphics are great but i think they need fixed . i mean i play other games that require about the same or higher graphics but my frames are extremely low even if i play the game on low settings and it cant be my ram cause i got a 32 gb ram i dont know but i would just really love to play a little bit easier ... thanks devs for a really great game needs some work on in game things but im sure you guys already know this :)"
,Not Recommended,402710,28422758,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Heeissenberg,"The idea of the game is good, but the bugs make this game unplayable. I don't recomend to buy it, wait for updates, now it's a nightmare and isn't fun to play it."
76561198131653261,Not Recommended,402710,31146585,Posted: 14 April,all,derrick7986,"Well... I was looking forward to playing this game. I download it, start it get to the main screen graphics look good i see my mouse snows blowing. I see in the center of the screen it says "" enter"" I TRY to click on it...NOTHING HAPPENS. Does anyone know what to do? I really would like to play it. I really don't want to ask for a refund"
,Not Recommended,402710,25932036,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,CR4CK,Dont buy it at this stage. its a early pre alpha.it looks really good but is way to buggy at the moment.my droid vanishes without any reason.To many core bugs that can destory the hole funtrust me its a waste of money in this stage.the game needs more time to raise.
76561198294709167,Not Recommended,402710,30926507,Posted: 3 April,all,fabledoblivion,"TURRETS ATTACK ME NOW INSTEAD OF ALIENS!- In the first two games, I built 3 turrets at my base. I went on for the third time, and now the turrets won't stop shooting me. I can't leave the base now without losing 50% of my suit."
,Recommended,402710,33035265,Posted: 30 June,all,Morgan ||,"This game is alright, better to play with friends though!"
76561198141142355,Recommended,402710,32901942,Posted: 27 June,all,RobnessMonster,Pretty good for an Early Access game.
76561198109340802,Not Recommended,402710,30881183,Posted: 1 April,all,The Townsend,There is just nothing to do. Its very dull and depressing. It rains too much and for too long... Only a few buildings to build aswell. Id give it a few months for more content updates.
,Not Recommended,402710,31871816,Posted: 20 May,all,Redamus,"Osiris: New Dawn, like many games of its kind suffers from the same issues they all do...""Stagnation"". Lucky for us its still in its ""Alpha"" stage and changes may still be implimented. Some changes i would like to see is a global VOICE chat, with colony options, an ALIEN race with thier own build options and maybe a lucky colony can steal some of those options for their own purposes,...obviously more planets, ....BETTER wall building system...the ability to fix your inflatable...alien creature taming....SPACE STATIONS....tameable alien toons (with colony build options and programable defence strategies)...a colony limit (maybe 10-15 to a colony)....better dungeon design....just a few thoughts guys, im more of a muse than an artist, but so far a very entertaining game till you spend about a week playing and run into that stagnation thing...ALPHA is the sole thing keeping my hopes up for a great finish."
76561198079490661,Recommended,402710,30858078,Posted: 31 March,all,Katakuzi,The game was really awesome with friends until a hacker showed up and f'ed♥♥♥♥♥♥up. Probably would be a great full game or early access if they fix how to catch hackers
76561198060920010,Not Recommended,402710,29811665,Posted: 9 February,all,Valkyrie,"I really want to like this game, but for me, it seems almost unplayable at this point in its Early Access Release and I would be happy to change this review with updates correcting the below bugginess, granted I have played a bit more than an hour. (I have not watched any youtube tutorials before playing) I died within the first 2 mins of playing this game as I had no idea what to do, you start off with a puncture in your suit so you're basically panicking with no idea what you're doing. Ok got over that second time round and started the game. Then I died again when I realized I was not able to pause the game and I wandered into too many aliens. Ok fair enough. What made me stop and write this review was that after I watched a bit of a tutorial on youtube as there is none in the game. It was going ok, then the first night comes and I'm in the inflatable tent, and some aliens come and start hurting my robot buddy. So I open the door to shot at them. They are quite large and I didn't want to jump out into the pitch black night so I was gonna shoot them from inside the tent as they would be too large to fit inside. Nope, they still hit me as I guess they were running through the tent? Which would be impossible, as I was inside a structure so they should not be able to hit me. I closed the door and was still getting hit by the aliens and I would see their parts of their bodies inside the tent and run past me occasionally and critically damage my suit. So as I was just repairing my suit over and over it seemed pointless so I force killed myself, expecting all my gear would be either in my inventory or on my body when I reloaded like the other times. Nope. My whole inventory was gone, and there was no body for me to loot. So I tried to move my tent to see if it maybe went through the tent to the ground, as it seems there are mesh issues. I accidentally destroyed my tent, and there was still no body below. So I stopped playing and probably will wait until it's released."
76561198187181713,Not Recommended,402710,31721282,Posted: 13 May,all,FATLIP,"This game has potential, but the devs need to be improving this game more frequently, too many bugs and glitches, e.g. getting stuck on nothing, getting attacked by invisible enemies, constant server issues, i could write a book on the problems in this game. BIG DISAPPONTMENTNot worth the money, wait for full release"
,Not Recommended,402710,32146302,Posted: 3 June,all,justsomeguy1999,Cluncky and boring no one seems to be playing and feels like ark would not spend your hard earned money on this.
76561198006737653,Not Recommended,402710,32307791,Posted: 9 June,all,wolfpup6,"Picked up this game hoping for a good survival game or the makings of one,  End up wasting 5 hours trying to figure out why i was getting 10 fps in multilayer , switched to single player and the problem go's away,  i got maybe 1 hour of play time  before the crash to desktop!    I would not even say this was Alpha yet  save the bucks  wait 1 or 2 years  if this game is still alive by then  be worth another look,  i tried for a refund but i have 5 hours of trying to make it work."
76561198110168217,Recommended,402710,32331430,Posted: 10 June,all,毋壤,"tell us how to get water!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!why I can't buid buildings in the sand?????????????????give some tips!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!fk these monsters, can you make this game eaiser for new players????????"
76561198022691024,Recommended,402710,32708315,Posted: 23 June,all,junk.mail.me.here,"Very promising future.  It needs more content, but what is there works very well and is fun to play.  I also tried Empyrion Galactic Survival and Space Engineers which seemed similar but they were very clunky compared to Osiris New Dawn.  I look forward to when this game gets closer to a release version."
,Not Recommended,402710,33321964,Posted: 6 July,all,Diesel Uterus,I refunded it. It just isn't that great....
,Recommended,402710,33949078,Posted: 1 August,all,Sir Nailcutter @420NoScope,"Started over afer the ""big update"" and my first experiance were to stuck between nonsense, throwing my only knife away after crashlanding (an industrial combat knife juged by the skin) because it went dull after like not sure - 5 ingame hours ?... so i ended up looking at a parasite slowly hitting me to death cuz the insanly big rock planet has no rocks...so im not sure how to rate it since its a huge pile of potiential wraped in♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198015738505,Not Recommended,402710,34964220,Posted: 14 September,all,Beherrscher,I bought it yesterday... can't really do anything else..  the only planet you can get to is very simple and boring to say the least. The only thing the Ice planet is good for is materials. only really 3 rare one's that you need to carry on...This game might be a good buy for what's to come but for now I'd recommend Empyriom. Like this game but just not enough content at all.
76561198061747115,Recommended,402710,34974265,Posted: 15 September,all,Sk8_,"I went into this game expecting the worst. I was expecting another no mans sky, however this game blew me away. Performance has its issues here and there, its in early access true, but still really good. If you're into this sorta thing you'll love this game. The fact you have to use a keyboard kind of turns me off because its been so long since I played games with the keyboard but still an awesome game. I wish the graphics menu was more detailed in terms of what you can tweak."
,Recommended,402710,35010973,Posted: 16 September,all,EarlTheChef,hi i have a problem with your game it will not load after i hit enter it turns black and wont load
76561198133934136,Recommended,402710,33446150,Posted: 10 July,all,jwirecom109,"So Far, its good.Very Basic but good.Needs more work done, BUT the creators are fast to fix issues and we do see updates.So time will tell if they fully develop it."
76561197994554776,Not Recommended,402710,31478229,Posted: 30 April,all,Bushwacker,"Great potential! By no means is this game ready for any kind of game play what so ever!!! Way to many things WRONG with it as it stands!! Give it another year at least!!! Note: I was playing this EA game on a fresh install. Installed the game the day after the latest release. If you do take the plunge and buy it and you wish to end your game just build a ship and head out in to space!! Your game with be over at that point. Because you will never be able to get back to Proteus!! One of the biggest problems on the starting planet was panels from the walls DISAPEARING. Specifically the Airlock hatch panels. In 23 days I had to replace all 4 of them 4 different times. And usually it was when I logged back into the game. Another issue is when you try to enter a mine usually on the first try after login you immediately get booted from the game (Local game) Some kind of authentication error. Sometimes it would do it more that once consecutively. After surviving for 23 days I decided to see if I could find another planet. The first time I tried to enter space I immediately got booted from my local game just like the mines, Authentication error. Reloged and tried again. Sure enough, as soon as I entered space I see Azeil..... Then I get a message that says visit Azeil press ""spacebar"" . Thats when your ♥♥♥♥ED!! Running around on Proteus is okay for the most part. The mines are barely playable. Loot in the mines are random so there's no guarantee what you get. So you could run a mine 10 times and never get diamonds. I ran mine 1B probably 6 or 7 times and never got 1 diamond. On another note when I did get to what I thought was Azeil I could not see anything what so ever. WAYYYYYYY TO MUCH FOG !!!! Finally found a spot to land and saw a geyser and thought oh boy what do we have here!! Just an oxygen geyser.. Didnt even waste my barrels on trying to harvest it because I already have 10 barrells back on Proteus full. So I thought the hell with it lets go back home. Left the surface and quickly found out that I did not get a popup asking me if I wanted to warp any where so I headed to what I thought was Proteus. Watching the GPS in the top right of the HUD all was looking good until I actually got past the planet I just left. Then the GPS was saying that I was getting further away from my spawn point. 1 hour later flying toward home (Proteus) Still not popup to warp there, and GPS says I am like 50k meters away from spawn point. Looking and my food and water I realize that I will never get back in time to eat and drink before I die. So a friend says he just stop the ship get out and eat and drink because you cannot access anything in the cockpit except flight controls. So the end!! As soon as I stopped and hit ""F"" to exit I was ejected and my SHIP DISAPEARED RIGHT IN FRONT OF MY EYES!!! Good luck !!! I hope you have more patience for this game than I do. In my opinion this game is not stable enough even for early access. I mean there is only so much you can do on a planet before you get bored.  And even on the planet things are not functioning properly either. As of right now THUMBS DOWN on this one."
,Not Recommended,402710,26701418,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Sitchoazdown,"Mine a bunch of stuff, Build some structures. Save game and find all structures are gone. Maybe I will come back when the game actually works. I understand its Early Access, but you think ""save game"" would be part of the MVP."
76561198056299933,Recommended,402710,29137888,Posted: 9 January,all,Leon_Luis,pertty dank man
76561198005849860,Recommended,402710,31532116,Posted: 3 May,all,Scorpenis,Every name i type in for my universe is taken even when i do jalkfdsj;sdklfjl;kasdfjal;ksdwfjsdal;kfjweaiop;fjoip;ewfjoidsjoiajeriofjaoifjoiwjefoij game is good but need to fix that♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,402710,33937611,Posted: 31 July,all,Trick or Tricki,"At this game current, it is not worth 25 dollars. The game is buggy, you need a beast computer to run it, and just overall gets very repetitive over time. Save your 25 dollars and go buy something better."
,Recommended,402710,34823543,Posted: 8 September,all,LoRDHitMan,"great potencial, but multiplayer is broken( and thank's to unity, optimization is meh... game would've performed much better on unreal 4."
76561197997983747,Not Recommended,402710,34254220,Posted: 15 August,all,Donewell,Hitting rocks with rocks for endless hours must be fun for someone. 9/10 would instantly uninstall.
76561198203341116,Recommended,402710,28579500,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,gnarlgrunt,nicely awesonme
76561197991313739,Recommended,402710,34354819,Posted: 19 August,all,Jwlr,I've been playing single game 15h and i'm in love with these game!It is so hardcore but the gameplay is very tasty and comfortable! <3
76561197992805753,Not Recommended,402710,30914992,Posted: 2 April,all,Echos,Good Idea for a game and eventually it will probably pan out but right now i couldnt get it to run faster then 10 frames a minute. When it did run faster for a minute it was extremly buggy. One of the few games ive absoutely had to refund to steam because it was unplayable. Hope it works out eventually cool idea for a game.
76561198064434466,Not Recommended,402710,34117040,Posted: 8 August,all,FBI-Feed by internal,"I got this game on really eraly stage which they only have 10 available structures, and after this long period, I didn't see much improvement to the game, very disappointed. This game took years to get like ""early stage"" to ""early stage 0.1 version"". Gave up now, and strongly not recommend you guys buy it."
76561198005616872,Not Recommended,402710,30894763,Posted: 2 April,all,ben_sodos,"I only played it for 2 hours after reading many many reviews... I needed something to distract me from Andromeda for a bit, so i could casually game on something but this game just made me more and more frusterated. It is not well setup and not well guided... I believe the best review i read simply stated, ""by the time you can build even a single vehicle you have already done everything in the game."" Thats how it feels playing this... a million hours of farming to get a vehicle which you will then use to farm some more...THe alien speawning is also ludicrous! They come from no where, i can stand on top of a mountain and look off into the distance with my settings on full! and they just walk over the next rock and attack 5 seconds later. no scaling of difficulty, no pre-preparedness... it's just a farming game with insane aliens and decent graphics.No Thanks."
76561198015848283,Recommended,402710,28769366,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Console [CONTEMPT],"Early Access Review - 12/28/2016So far, so fantastic.This game has a ton of variety (most at early development stages) - solid FPS, tower defense, horror/suspense, vehicle combat, space ships/exploration, mech combat, building and crafting, customization to name a fewEverything that's in the game works pretty well, but not incredibly deep yet.  Some minor bugs and polishing required as well as some optimzation.That being said, the foundations for all those great elements listed above are in place so the future looks bright for OND; lots of solid gound to build upon."
76561197971023724,Not Recommended,402710,28862016,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,76561197971023724,"If yur character gets hit, you get disorinted to a point you want to smash your monitor.Is this by design ?Thats the ONLY thing that makes me sick in this game.No way to know where beacon is.No way to set way points etc so u get lost eazy."
76561198073655156,Recommended,402710,27839007,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,RapidLeopard,10/10 would get frustrated again
,Not Recommended,402710,29451924,Posted: 23 January,all,NATO55645,"At the time of writing, i have only logged 4 hours in game. While this game shows an extreme amount of potential, and it is quite entertaining for a while, there simply is not enough content and it isnt varied enough to keep the game fun without friends. Note that i do say that, i believe that the game would be much more entertaining with a group, and without the ever persisting skill tree. Faster mining systems need to be implemented, so that that is less of a pain and more of a game aspect."
76561197984355172,Recommended,402710,28788282,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,AzureDemon,"Fun game, was able to join a pvp server with a friend and destroy everyone's base on the server with our trusty default pistols10/10 would ruin a server worth of peoples efforts again."
76561198064593922,Recommended,402710,28736830,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,WebBrowser,The uninstall button works
,Recommended,402710,28732008,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,RCOAS Randy,The install button works.
76561198074568647,Recommended,402710,29008225,Posted: 4 January,all,So Lucky,we need chinses！！！
,Not Recommended,402710,28961340,Posted: 2 January,all,deck galli board,negatives
,Not Recommended,402710,29495190,Posted: 25 January,all,The_Vulcan,"I'd rather STEP IN DOG♥♥♥♥♥♥while bare foot than play this game.15 hours in game....Thats about 12 hours of boring grind forcing myself to play and not enjoying it.Could this be a good game ?Maybe after a lot of development but in its current state its not even up to Alpha standard.77% positive at the time of writting this is giving this game way to much credit.Normally in Alpha I feel you shouldn't give negative points for stuff that will be fixed up along the way. But there is just so much basic garbage that should have been fixed up before a Alpha release that this should be commented on.If it was released in full in its current state I think 30% score would be to much for it.AVOID this until alteast 2018 if they are even still working on it.Just after posting this review I died at a cave entrance while going to get my first diamonds...My body is gone (so my weapons are gone)My robot is gone (so his weapons are gone)And what do you need to make new weapons ????  Diamonds....So now I have no way of making new weapons or new robot so its game over, 15 hours gone for nothing.If it was fun or a good game I would be starting again instead of updating my review.But I would rather step in dog♥♥♥♥♥♥than play this again.....Now to un-install and try to forget I ever played this....."
76561198070897406,Recommended,402710,31747512,Posted: 14 May,all,texas_hunter,the newest update was porbably a bad one for the land because THIS IS MY BASE AND IT SOULD NOT BE FLOATINGhttp://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=925688772
76561198362958052,Not Recommended,402710,29573485,Posted: 29 January,all,baxent,"So, love the concept. And I expected some glitches. But seriously, figuring out the controls is a nightmare. I don't think this game is ready to start charging to play. I'll try it again in a few months"
,Not Recommended,402710,25743886,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Huxley,"So far so good, little slow and hard starting out but that's the way I like it.EDIT: After putting in some more hours I can safely say I have seen and done everything. imo there is not enough content to be worth the price currently, I would wait for significant updates before buying."
,Recommended,402710,32923644,Posted: 28 June,all,BikerSmoke,What do you call it when worms take over the world?..Global Worming.
,Recommended,402710,28904603,Posted: 1 January,all,{HB} Android D Rex,"Epic Fun, 10/10 would let a Meteorite hit me again."
76561198022351599,Not Recommended,402710,31801014,Posted: 17 May,all,frikazoidzerg153,I have been following this game for a while now and i must admit that the idea seems to be good in general... stranded on a planet trying to survive on your own and make due with what you have... you know the drill.I enjoy the crafting collecting recources although i must admit its nothing new or ground breaking still that side of the game seem pretty solid to me. I also enjoy the 'talent' tree that the developers implemented again nothing unique or too special but if you are into a survival games it will feel weird if there were no such mechanicks.My problem is with the combat and the game performance during combat. I have a pretty good PC for games and the moment i get attacked by 1 or more mobs the FPS drop to 2-3 per second which makes the game unplayable for me. You siply don't know what is going on and are just hoping that you will hit the mobs.The other problem i have with the game is the actual monster hitboxes. The mosters seem to have much smaller hit boxes then the graphic you see on the screen which makes hitting them all the more annoying. I am literally going in melle to the set mob and swinging and somehow although the leg of the mob is right infront of me no dmg is displayed. There also seem to be plenty of gliches and bugs which i guess is to be expected for early access game. All and all unless you are really starving for a new survival game my advice to you is to AVOID this game until atleast they manage to fix the fps during combat.
,Recommended,402710,34177140,Posted: 11 August,all,Designation,I love this game... I did a whole review on youtube: Check it out if you likehttps://youtu.be/r2f3Bp7S4Rk
,Recommended,402710,32783493,Posted: 25 June,all,Greniewicki,"So I'm only about an hour in and I love it.  A lot of reviews here complaining about the patch recently adding stone constructions and more difficult resource gathering, but I find starting from the ground up to be more rewarding.  I've only built three structures so far in the last hour as I spend most of my ingame nights cowaring on the tallest boulder awaiting daylight once more.  The concept of building from the ground up all the way into space, playing with your friends, trying to survive on a planet so well detailed that I feel like I'm on LV426 at night and in the world of Dune during the day, it's just an amazing experience.  Well worth the money in just the first hour.  Movement feels appropriate and fluid.  Well done and keep it up Devs."
76561198131095415,Not Recommended,402710,29412824,Posted: 21 January,all,Ranger Cary,Great concept...had a bit of fun...UNTIL you realize the amount of stuff you can build in the world is EXTREMELY limited...You can show up on a planet with 3 or 5 guys who have used up all the availible building slots...and find yourself unable to build anything. TOTALLY UNACCEPTABLE.
,Not Recommended,402710,28948074,Posted: 2 January,all,χλβεζ,"Bought the game Yesterday, going to ask refund Today. Servers went offline for more than 13 hours now, not even one word from the devs. Everyone is complaining and no one from the devs give a damn. Its not worth 18€!"
,Recommended,402710,34192446,Posted: 12 August,all,WotanRexus,"This genre has a hard past, with many chosy players, as a fanbase. Anyone trying to make such a game, better do it good, or they´ll get outright ignored.Ive played this game a few months back, and made my base, got the vehicles/ships etc. Tried the space-thing and next planet over and such. I had a pretty good time, overall. Aside from the normal EA-bugs and optimization-issues.Visuals are pretty good, without being too heavy on the PC. The mechanics seem to be coming along alright too. They have just announced their focus on hitbox-issues, farming-stuff and basebuilding, so it seems to be rolling along nicely again, after a small hiatus of progress. I sure hope the game turns out to be good, in the end. The ambience, the isolation, the Martian-feel and hopefully the content/story/exploration will make the game even more fullfilling to play.But as in so many other slightly failed EA-projects, who knows... Seems to be a very chaotic time for the industry, where hardware, software & communities change so fast, they cant keep up with it all. I prefer a long but steady Dev-process, to an ARK/Wildcard ""jam everything into the already pushed envelope, for cash""-type of Dev-ing lol.Lets cross our fingers for this title, because so far, its still on the narrow edge of being cool enough to support. And the end product might actually become something really great. I dont regret buying it, and that says a lot, im my case, when it comes to EA games..."
76561197993928581,Recommended,402710,27700695,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Jackpile,With all the graphics settings set to low or off I was pleasantly surprised to find that this game runs on my laptop with an intel HD 4000 graphics card. Fantastic!
76561198029126408,Recommended,402710,29597788,Posted: 30 January,all,Tool,Its ight
76561197971321976,Recommended,402710,29607988,Posted: 31 January,all,Klabusterbeere,geile pimmelscheisse!
,Recommended,402710,33151250,Posted: 2 July,all,Kappa,This games music. Terrifies me. Crap update tho. Skilltree is poo and is missing a couple of blueprints. Good game tho.
,Recommended,402710,31183386,Posted: 16 April,all,rajkchhatwal,"GREETINGS,I WAS HOPING FOR A GRAPHICS ENHANCEMENT TO EMPYRION.  THYERE IS NO SAND ,EVEN IN THE GRAPHICD DEPICTION OF ASSETS, SO NO GLASS AND NOTHING ELESE A BE BUILT."
76561198124548863,Recommended,402710,31440525,Posted: 29 April,all,TheEveryThingBagel,"10/10 Defenitely reccomended!The only problem I have with this game, is the robot, once it finishes doing something, it wont come back to its starting point! Also make some of the more advanced resources easier to get. Currently, you'd need a large team of people to aquire materials for a working vehicle."
76561198104718142,Recommended,402710,31437168,Posted: 29 April,all,Wolfsquad,"Yes this game is a bit empty but it is amazing. The graphics are amazing and I like the whole idea of the game but sometimes it is a bit buggy. A game breaking thing for me sometimes is when i go into crates, and then try to exit them, the whole game just crashes. Actually the real game breaking thing for me was drones. Not only are they slow and get stuck behind everything, but every time you leave and re join, they completely re spawn. So everything you have kept inside of them is gone, which is especially bad if you had lagged off after keeping everything you owned inside of them and the name that you re named them to is set back to default. That really annoyed me. But its understandable as the game is early access, and it is amazing for early access. Another glitch really quickly then ill go to the positives lol. Me and my brother were playing, and he landed his ship on the new planet and then it only gave him the option to destroy the ship and he wasnt allowed inside of it anymore. So i had to fly alllllll the way back to the starting planet, Proteus II i believe, and grind and grind for another labaratory, then flew all the way back and had to build it just so he could make another space ship and yeah. We never really returned lol. But this new update is really awesome at the moment. The game has really amazing graphics and an awesome levelling up system where you can improve your character. Also building and exploration gets fun, exploration especially when you get vehicles, as you can gather resources faster for building. I didnt even care about those bugs I mentioned earlier because the game is awesome anyway and they will be fixed and the game already has awesome conent"
76561197962822145,Recommended,402710,30862586,Posted: 31 March,all,--=[VIX]=--,"Huge potential, lots of fun already to♥♥♥♥♥♥around with friends."
,Recommended,402710,26568735,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Krow777,"Basically this game is what I thought No Man's Sky was going to be.  I haven't checked lately to see if the buildings saving during a private multiplayer game has gotten fixed, but the game overall is pretty damn good and devs seems to be moving pretty steady with updates, etc. 8/10 would buy again."
76561197993727582,Recommended,402710,31367292,Posted: 25 April,all,Hollowdude (Stridor),Looks and plays fairly well!
,Recommended,402710,31394589,Posted: 27 April,all,Frosty,One of the most addicting games I've had the pleasure of playing!I got this game recomended by one of my friends. After watching a bit of him playing it i decided to buy it aswell. And wow. What a game!Played it for 22Hours now and i can just keep playing it.
76561198158498103,Recommended,402710,31401385,Posted: 27 April,all,weecammy,when do the other classes other than scientest unlock
76561198298803632,Recommended,402710,31414384,Posted: 28 April,all,^ ^1👌MASKEDMOOSE,i realy like osiris new dawn its a realy fun game but there's one thing missing creative mode that would be awsome
76561198007231844,Recommended,402710,31423563,Posted: 28 April,all,jon [KingGimli],"the game was ok but limited in the early days needed to be mor ehands on and be able to construct the basics more easy and then other items to be researched before they could be built more team play and trade and space travel with more planets, more construction.  to discribe the game i would like to see  space engineers meets ark type of game."
76561198083587084,Recommended,402710,31636448,Posted: 8 May,all,DoggedMocha,"It's a great game that needs a few updates, but is still amazing. Make sure that you meet the requirements though because the frames tend to get slightly choppy at times even with a high end computer. However im sure they will fix it."
76561198148732361,Recommended,402710,32110898,Posted: 1 June,all,BigDaddyJakey,the gameplay is great but you need a good computer
,Recommended,402710,32133039,Posted: 2 June,all,Corn Slops,"I Love this game, i just got it and i've already spent days playing it, i love the graphics and the difficulty of survival. My one complaint would be the bug where the aliens can attack you while you are inside of your structures. Other than that however, i think this is a great game."
,Recommended,402710,32161760,Posted: 3 June,all,Obscurenamedigit,"It's OK at the moment, but needs more content either on Pro2 or at least somethin on Aziel, there's a lava river there.If you know the map a bit you will be sorted with a base within 2hours i.e the outdoor utilities, it takes that long because of how far you have to walk, I found the handiest thing to do is head straight for Mine 1_A grab the ammo on the left, kill the 3/4 beetles n gnats, go to the queen and hit a node, kill the two beetles or whatever she spawns and loot the rest of the nodes. then exit and repeat. you should be ready to set up a base now. Also on a note it seems like the dungeons are seperate instances' for each player on MM. You just spawn together outside when you're done. you'll want to make a Habitat now, so you'll have to grab some food (walk) down to the ""pond"", and fill up on Sap(makes sense) then go resource mining, drop beacons if you have them when you find a good mining site. Then you go (walk) to get hydrogen (only usable gas atm) and then to the rubber tree for rubber. Now you should be able to make a Laboratory, then if you haven't been eating the locals, you should have some legs and meat and eyes to make a Mech Crab! After that it's basically rinse n repeat."
76561198068326816,Recommended,402710,32181046,Posted: 4 June,all,christopher-hard,"Ive had alot of fun with it so far, yes there's bugs that's to be expected, nothing game breaking from what ive experienced. It's fairly difficult at the begining trying to collect all the recources and get a lay of the land but whats a survival game without a little bit of a challenge, once i found out there are other ways to stay hydrated rather than just water it got alot easier, the fun really began when you get your first vehicle, start expanding your base and explore the caves. I love what they have so far and am extremely excited for what they have proposed for the future, especially space stations and more content for the ice planet. My only complaint would be the fact that my computer had a hard time running it, but really, it's hard to complain about a game for having good graphics :)"
76561198197991033,Recommended,402710,33145902,Posted: 2 July,all,Alin,"I bought this game a while back thinking ""yeah, finally a cool looking crafting survival games kind of like 7 days to die but with no zombies"". After 2h I asked for my money back.Got the game on summer sale yesterday seeing a lot of updates for it and thinking it might have improved and I wouldn't lose too much money if it was too bad. Sadly, I was wrong... I don't foresee any future for this game in the current state and judging from the engine and how all the mechanics are implemented, there won't be any for it.I won't ask for a refund this time around and really hope the devs will start working less on content and more on controls and mechanics.The game feels very plastic and very strict, it doesn't give me any sense of space like 7 days to die does it for example. Yes, it looks good, but that's about it, the fun factor is like a 2 out of 5 tops.I really wish you guys best of luck on turning this into a proper surival crafting game, but in it's current state I'd rather stick to Empyrion. I'd still recommend it to people new to survival crafting games, maybe it works for others."
76561198087568489,Recommended,402710,33255569,Posted: 4 July,all,VAZGHOUL,"very good game. super graphics. and its feel so real the environtment, monster,..this is one of the best adventure or journey space game.highly recommended,"
76561198016425260,Recommended,402710,33288458,Posted: 5 July,all,Yas,Best survival game ever played. Lot to learn and progress. I think this has more room to improve in combat area .
76561198298062184,Recommended,402710,33513696,Posted: 13 July,all,noobieROOKIE,really enjoyable game! guys keep up the amazing work! very hard to believe that the team was only 2 guys! defo getting rewards for this game in the future
76561198070907820,Recommended,402710,33689662,Posted: 20 July,all,One Tap Dirt Nap,"This game is amazing, graphics are amazing and its great because you can fly to different planets and experience new monsters. Although online mode is a bit hard to play because everyone scatters, its always fun to play this alone."
,Recommended,402710,33690059,Posted: 20 July,all,SkullEater117,"A little buggy, but nonetheless, a great game to play with friends. Needs a little work, but has great potential. Can't wait to see what the devs have in store for us!"
,Recommended,402710,33818397,Posted: 26 July,all,the_slasher257,This is an awsome survival open world game. If u have enaugh money defenitly pick it up your not gonna regret buying this game couse this game is gonna be the game that No mans sky should have been.
76561198272010444,Recommended,402710,31366046,Posted: 25 April,all,UNSC_AlphaWolf... the squirrel,Very Fun but at times it can be glitchy and annoying but still its very fun and i would recommend it to a friend
76561198366973873,Recommended,402710,30401693,Posted: 8 March,all,Willahondro,"Hello!  Noob person to Steam here.  I fired up Osiris and the game crashed.  it does this from time to time, but I'm not sure how to view the crash logs much less how to get them over to the game Dev so they can do what they do.  Anyone have any tips, tricks, etc?"
,Recommended,402710,25770469,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Seva,"Impresionante:...Tormentas de arena, Niebla, Lluvias de meteoritos, Viajes espaciales.Un poco verde en su estado actual, pero con un poco de contenido y arreglo de bugs será el survival espacial definitivo.ARK, tienes un seria competencia aqui :)"
,Recommended,402710,31431602,Posted: 28 April,all,Nobledroid Gaming Stream,love this game
,Recommended,402710,35354134,Posted: 30 September,all,Butterfly Rasmus,"it looks really good and i can tell from the 5min of gameplay its quite fun, unfortunately i run it on 10fps with toaster settings. Give me some time to save up to a 1080 and il come back with this reviev. 10/10 still worth buying."
76561197983609959,Not Recommended,402710,27806118,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,sentient,"I like this game quite a bit, but at this stage of development it feels like an alpha release.until key areas are improved i will not recommend for purchase.right now the main problem with the game is the Tedious resource gathering.[ this sentiment is echoed by others ]it is so much of a grind to find resources it becomes work, and not fun.resources are scarce and spread so far out, and you need so much of them that you have to do multiple runs to each location for different ores and metals. it doesnt sound like a problem to gather items, but the reality is that you need so many for simple constructions that it really is a chore. and in the early game it becomes even more frustrating having to run on foot across vast areas to gather meager amounts of ores metals required for construction of base materials and vehicles. not only because of the time lost on foot, but also because there are randomly spawning creatures every 100 feet you travel, and im not kidding.as you progress through the base building and vehicle building and exploration of the planet it becomes quite clear that there is no end game. currently all the focus is on early game, and perhaps the reason why the game is so heavy on grinding for resources: to keep people too busy from realizing there is no mid or end game substance. yeah i get it: early access.i do like this game, and it really does look like a good begining, but like all early access titles there runs the risk of the developers just cut and running.I would be happy to change my rating to a recommendation if key areas are fixed.[earlier review]______________________This game feels like it should have good potential to become a great game if some areas are buffed and tuned.while this game is just 2 months from its initial release on steam, it is still in early access, and as such has the usual bugs and glitches that go with EA titles.base building.like other survival type games, you need to collect resources to build. the recipes are not too complicated, but the gathering of resources is just too much of a grind to enjoy.lack of customization also adds to the tedium of resource gathering. while you can add a splash of paint to your walls, and place connector halls from one building (habitat) to the next. there just isnt any unique features to the build system that make you feel like you constructed something from your own imagination.you are given cookie cutter buildings, and finite possiblities of how they function together.i feel like resources should be more abundant or recipes less demanding to relieve the grindyness of cookie cutter base building.aliens.while there are a few different types of aliens that spawn, they are not diverse at all, you are basically presented with 5 types that will attack you, each with a slightly meaner variant of different grades. and there are 2 types of neutral species that wont attack you unless provoked.one major annoyance is that the npc aliens will just spawn into an area even after you've cleansed it. so you're constantly having to fend of baddies, with no real reason for them to just appear. (albeit you may have 10 minutes of freedom).alien ai is absurd. if they spawn close they will just rush and attack you. if you shoot at one from a mid range to long distance, they will just turn and head straight for you. oh and when you get the common aliens down to one or two shots from a kill they will then turn around and run away, potentially robbing you of wasted time trying to glean XP from the kill.once you have killed an alien baddie you have to be fast enough to harvest the body, and the loot isnt much of a reward: you are given typically 1 unit of alien meat. which is another strike against the current alien enemy system. there really isnt much point in killing them other than to protect yourself and your repair droid.current enemy ai behavior is 2/10 (abysmally stupid), and needs a huge overhaul to how aliens spawn into the map, just appearing in cleared areas is a disgrace.the dune inspired sand worms are epic, but once you see them, you, your gear and your carried inventory are sometimes converted into worm poop.missing and odd animations.while the option of switching between 3rd and 1st person has become somewhat of a staple in survival games, there are missing animations in 3rd person, that leave you to wonder what your avatar is doing (repairing, customizing.)oddly the 3rd person mode is set with your character in the lower left of the screen with no current way to adjust the 3rd person positioning. while this is fairly unique, it makes for a rather unnatural cursur/crosshair movement and placement.your character looks fairly goofy with your chisel in 3rd person, and looks more like someone trying to fence with an epee sword.personal assistant repair droid.while i find the personal repair droid companion a fantastic idea, it has its short commings in current form.the particular areas that need attention is navigation and remote commands. currently the personal assitant bot will get stuck trying to climb steep inclines such as the lip of a crater or very steep hills. and as such will cease to move until you provide it with a new path or instruction.  (again navigation of npcs in this game needs work)and secondly there is no way to remotely call or command the bot to your current location, you have to run to it and tell it to follow you, or catch it running by on a mining run.i am enjoying this game at the moment, but base building is way too grindy in regards to resource gathering. the current formula kills the fun. the constantly spawning aliens is also disappointing. the game as you would expect just lacks polish that accompanies a fully released title. plebs will say ""hey its early access, how dare you criticize the only game ive ever been good at."" and i say, i know its early access, take my criticism and make it better, pleb."
76561198053104059,Not Recommended,402710,29379037,Posted: 20 January,all,thomas.wells,this is the 2nt time that I saved the game and with starting anew I had no inventory. This bug is a game killer....I like this game and the idea and work behind it.  But this bug must be fixed.  Once this bug is fixed I would reommend this game.
76561198267280337,Not Recommended,402710,26766563,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,BeastMode,"I find this game very dull and not really  open world. The only thing that i find myself doing is looking for resources and at certain points shooting aliens. it is very boring and not fun to play at all, i roam around on the same terrain constantly finding nothing new. I do not recommend this game"
,Not Recommended,402710,26325598,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Sensei Weasel,"Looks good, and runs smoothly - but that's about all it has going for it at the moment. The UI is difficult to get to grips with, inconsistent (to build one type of structure, you have to press F and then left mouse. To build another, left mouse, then press F) and breaks frequently. At one point everyone on our server lost their HUD, losing all map markers and becoming unable to interact with anything. Logging out and back in fixes it, but resets your spawnpoint compass and occassionally deletes your inventory as well. Moster AI is terrible, if they aggro to you they will chase you forever, even if you get long out of sight, eventually they'll catch up. Monsters spawn over and over in the same place, and occassionally these spawns move. We built our base in a safe area, got a couple of hours of building done and came off the game to have dinner. When we logged back in, giant crab monsters started spawning in the middle of our base, every 2 or 3 minutes - this never stoppped, so we had to restart.It might be that there is a deep and rewarding game underneath the poorly polished UI and frustrating enemy spawns, but after 5 hours of pure frustration, which included logging out and restarting the game at least half a dozen times to fix broken UI bugs, I've had enough. Buy this if you're a masochist, otherwise wait until it is much, much further along in development."
,Not Recommended,402710,29328983,Posted: 17 January,all,VicToMeyeZR,"So far the game is fun, BUT!The big BUT is only when you can stay connected..  Their sever netcode is terrible, and instead of fixing it, they are just adding content.  We don't need content, if you can't fix your connection issues.I am worried about their ability to fix it, since they pretty much NEVER talk about the disconnect problems, that riddle this game...And before you bash me, yes I KNOW its not full release, which is my point!  fix the infrastructure of your game FIRST, and foremost, without that you are wasting your time."
76561198134087428,Not Recommended,402710,28009844,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Thanks For Carry,"Public server have performance issues, are low populated, and on top of that, the game mechanic is simply terrible.Another ""walking and bashing simulator"". Original rust on space, minus the fun."
,Not Recommended,402710,29104470,Posted: 7 January,all,Alexandriel,"Space ARK? ARK in Space?Stay away from this game's servers. Its people are awful.I say No, but from a very close yes...The game is in its alpha stages and therefore I can't judge too harshley on its current progress. It has a wonderful potential to be the next Big ""Survival game!""For now though, save your money, and you may want to avoid this based on the community alone. It's HEAVY on Griefers... we're talking like they'll pretend to be your friend and then gang♥♥♥♥♥♥you and destroy all your stuff... some real sick people too. I'm guessing it's so wide spread because of how cheap it was durring the holidays. It's very easy to destroy someones entire progress (a week or so) in less than an hour.As for PVE... the same issues ARK had. Land grabbing and utter annoyances of having to deal with a lack of resources. The community is attrocious as you'll feel like you are the one adult in a playpen full of 10 year olds. Save your money... we've seen how these communities destroy immersive games before, they grief the server until people have no choice but to leave, all the while building. and growing with other griefers and ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s. until they are the dominant ""tribe"" and basically make everyones free time a living hell of stress.If you end up buying it anyway, it's a decent game. It has core mechanics that I enjoyed and a decent leveling system based on what you do within the game, which is kind of cool for a survival game. There is a single player option and a private server option. I found some games with strong griefer communities to be much more enjoyable on private servers... it's basically surviving with friends. Fun, right? Right, right.I would normally recomend a game like this to people who want to play a fun survival but I have to say if the Dev's intend on this game to be more focused on its public servers, then they need to develop a system where a base isn't obliterated by some♥♥♥♥♥♥with a car in less than 5 minutes. It's very expensive in materials to create a defense platform and it takes forever to level into it. Some people didn't have enough time to get there before being ransacked and murdered over and over again until they left the server."
76561197995653427,Not Recommended,402710,29364695,Posted: 19 January,all,icebeat,"For the price I will not recommend this game. I guess it is too early. Fun for the first 10 hour, then nothing to do. By the way the IK of the character sucks."
76561198302628515,Recommended,402710,34241508,Posted: 14 August,all,Op LITTLE_Ox,I RETURNED IT SO YAH
,Recommended,402710,29697136,Posted: 4 February,all,QRP,>
,Recommended,402710,29789036,Posted: 8 February,all,Gun Tech.,"This is the third game to make my favorites list, after 10 years on Steam. You could say I'm picky. ;)After ""only"" 15 hours?? Well I have this good measure ""what will putting 50 hours into this game get me"", and Osiris already delivered after 9 hours really :) And I've just built my first vehicle and explored basically nothing of the first planet! I just think it's totally worth it...Made a video saying why I love it :)https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qMVF0cib8BcI love immersion and survival, and Osiris: New Dawn surprised me by feeling much more finished than I feared, with lots of progression and gameplay already!+ mining is addictive and enjoyable+ forces you to go explore when you 'want more'+ sense of urgency and taking risks to get what you want, making you plan+ not grindy, no micromanagement, the game motivates you to achieve what you want+ first vehicle feels like hallelujah :)- ok that dinky droid just doesn't work. goes the opposite way and gets stuck :) I think of him as a pet and leave him at home for missions.- right now survival is not taxing. Could be a + to you, it's not really a - to me cos I see they know what they're doing and can easily create difficulty modes. (I'm a dev.)OK I'll rant some more :DEasy to pick up and just play, there was basically no need to read the Wiki (contributors did a great job though - it's better than most I've seen).It plays like a Scifi mix between The Long Dark and Subnautica, and with AAA graphics, too. It's a looker, OMG! So immersive weather, lighting, caves...Don't be fooled by the Multiplayer tag: You can play this in Single Player, and then um... progress to searching for a PvE server near you that stays up and really is PvE. You can also play PvP.It's more optimized than most EAA games I play, I get 100-120 FPS (1080p ofc) on my good but not super expensive gaming ring with everything maxed. The beautiful graphics come at a price, don't expect to run this on your mom's laptop (unless your mom is a gamer and just got a GTX 1070 laptop hahaa!)Note: Reviewed 8 Feb, after 3.5 months in Early Access."
76561198152086701,Not Recommended,402710,25793286,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,geoff,"In its current state, this game is pretty visually. Movement is clunky. There is also nothing to do. They've got a long way to go."
76561198038126953,Not Recommended,402710,25762173,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Reber,"In a nut shell this boils down to a pvp, with pve(pv-animals) game. With some building and crafting. Nothing new here.negSingleplay mode:Resourse nodes respawn in the same place where you collected them before, everytime you load your saved game. Same with animals. Kind of lost the realism of survival there.ProNo lag.negMultiplayer mode:Was a little disappointed in the server limit. in 2005 I would have been happy with that limit. but this is 2016.ATM its 12 and will be increases. i'm guessing to the standared of 64. Nothing new here. maybe more, but from what i read no more then 100.As it stands now, there are 50 pvp servers, no pve servers. sounds familar to other games. Get ready for the griefers.(I heard pve is coming, but so is xmas)ProThey added more public servers(40pvp for the total of 50)As for overal preformance:Runs smooth on a G1 970 with AMD8300, GTX 750TI. 2VRam 8GB Ram , SSDThis game does not support non-wide screens in the settings.You will have to adjust your monitor res. manually. If you dont, while in the game in first person. The hit boxes will be out of alinement.But,I use my mouse inverted, and had no issues in the game.Would I recomend this? no, the biggest reasons why I said no is. No pve servers atm, No support for non-wide screen. And lastly server player limit (limted to under 100).Can it be fun? will it get better? Sure. Maybe then i'll recommend it."
76561198009658155,Not Recommended,402710,25758755,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Baribandit,"The game could be promising, but in it's current state it's clearly not worth the price of admission."
76561198006605505,Not Recommended,402710,28484974,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,DanteYoda,"Was nothing like the screenshots or trailer, very very barebone."
,Not Recommended,402710,25992876,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Genzume,"This feels more like a concept piece than an early access game. Beat it in 8 hours, lots of little bugs and things to be expected. I was expecting more content even as new as this game is and was disappointed. For $25 I feel this game isn't ready for even early access, so I wouldn't recommend it. However it holds a lot of promise."
76561198182566874,Not Recommended,402710,25858032,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,matthew.grann,"Has Potential. 5/10Starts out nicely enough with beautiful graphics, nice music and interesting landscape. So the grind began pretty standard with the basic go here collect this to build this and eventually make what i really wanted (a Spaceship). However, as time went on i began to notice something bizarre, the survival.....is not what i would consider to be much of a survival element, whereas your character rarely gets hungry or thirsty. In fact, i still have my potatoes you receive in your survival pack after playing the passed 10 hours. I was surprised by that to say the least.So my focus upon noticing that was to keep grinding for materials to get that damned ship. While doing so i also wanted to build my little base, create a biodome (which is pointless considering your character doesn't need food :/ ) and a barracks with the computer desk for studying ""new"" blueprints for whatever.Upon building my barracks i ran into a bug resembling to Empyrion Galactic Survival. My barracks, connected to my Habitat was placed on the ground somewhat going uphill, therefore my Barracks was placed into the ground rendering it uneffective with the ground textures showing inside the building, lame. Being the waste of resources it was and time spent, i gave up on the base altogether. I wanted that Damned Spaceship.So a few hours of more grinding for the same materials, while doing so discovering i can be overencumbered and move quickly by unequiping my on hand item and use my jetpack. Alas i had enough to build the Damned Spaceship and it spawned somewhat inside the Creation Center. Took some time but luckily i got it unstuck. Yay!! Let's explore this...... planet...... that has nothing in it after I get approximately 2km from my Spawn Point IN EVERY DIRECTION!?!?!?!?!? WTF!?!?DAMN IT EARLY ACCESS!, well fine whatever, surely there has to be something in space right?You bet there is, a small field of asteroids you can't land on, let alone ""Crash"" into, and a Space Station that also is there but not really there. It was at this point i realised what this game is. This game is not ready, there is serious potential but not enough to justify 30 bucks. No Mans Lie would be worth 30 bucks, and that game is ""INFINITE"" pffft.If you've bothered to even read this far, i would suggest to not spend the $30 until more content for this game comes out. i will be removing it and check in on their news page from time to time to see what gets added,"
76561198314707744,Recommended,402710,25766758,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Scoobs,Absolutly love it!i will be streaming this alot ;) please head on over and follow!https://www.twitch.tv/scoobstergaming/v/92029667
76561197990068860,Not Recommended,402710,25775294,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,BournE,"I would not purchase this game at the moment. There are so many flaws to list that I don't want to waste my time. I only played for one hour and was sick and bored of it. The run meter needs to be corrected, if I run around I dont want to sit idle for 10x as long as im playing. The game is meant to be enjoyable, this is far from it."
,Not Recommended,402710,25772843,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Star-Lord,"Well, I purchased this game for myself and gifted it to a friend, Took us 2 hours of trying to actually get into a private world because neither of us could create a game -_-, after finally getting into the game and running a solid 60fps for maybe 20 minutes only to slowly watch my fps getting lower and lower until it hit 3fps, turning all the settings to the lowest settings and seeing it no longer hit any higher, 90% of the things within the game dont work even though the devs sell the game as early beta/ beta ready, Worth a look if you are willing to play something so broken that even the devs behind no-mans-sky wouldnt want to put it up for sale then go ahead, Really isnt worth a purchase at the moment as its so broken, Amazing concept and idea, just isnt ready to be put up for sale yet"
76561197967807212,Not Recommended,402710,25773014,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,BRUTUSdakilla,Osiris is not ready yet. Don't bother buying yet. Maybe in 12 months it will be good.
76561198184896637,Not Recommended,402710,31678230,Posted: 10 May,all,TacticalFear316,"Downloaded game was excited to play. Load up for first time to main menu can't click the enter button. Hit literally every key on keyboard eventually hitting escape to pull up an exit game menu yes or no for options but I couldn't even click an option. After some research it looks like it's an issue with Touchscreen displays and I have a 4k touchscreen display. The workaround posted by the support team said to go into device manager and disable the touch monitor I did that. Tried seeing if i was a driver issue for my mouse, or anything everythings up to date. Tried putting the touchscreen back on and using that to make my selection and still nothing. Reached out for answerers and nothing! During research apparently this issue goes back as far as April 3rd 2017 if not further. It is now May 11th 2017 how in the world does the dev team not have a fix out for the main menu. Atleast a couple dozen people complaining about this in forums and all were told is ""Touchscreen known issue use workaround permanent fix coming"" So I'm suppose to wait till the dev team fixes touchscreen issues so I can use my mouse to play the game but have no timeframe on when this could be complete and the issues been ongoing for over a month. I don't even know if I'll stick around to play after this is fixed Requested refund and just wiping my hands of this one!"
,Not Recommended,402710,25862768,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Juggernought,"I am writing this review now having played 11 hours, both in a single player game and a multiplayer game and in that time I have done everything this game has to offer in its current state... twice.That being said, this game does have some really high potential but right now it feels there is not enough in the game to warrant the price tag and several of my friends agree.This game feels very barely ready for alpha with the bare minimum features included to be able to call it a game and that is the biggest reason I cannot recommend it at its current state and price tag.Despite all this I will be keeping my eye on it because it has a great idea and a good base to develop upon. Hopefully it doesn't become another non updated early access game like so many others just wanting the quick cash grab."
,Not Recommended,402710,26123040,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,"Nux, The Shiniest Warboy!","Currently, I don't know what there is to recommend. I'd definitely say to watch this game and see where it leads. But I've spawned 3 times so far, and never can you find all of the resources you need within any normal distance. One one save I was walking for about 20 minutes and had no sight or iron or aluminum, the most basic and necessary or items needed to start this game.Beautiful graphics, well optimised, and hopefully the game will progress in the future. As an early access title this looks so promising, better than almost everything else I've had my eye on, but at the moment there are some major design flaws which detract from any possible fun."
76561198025633477,Recommended,402710,25746790,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Sinnaps,"Emperium is pretty much an identical type of game but better pollished from what I have seen thus far. That being said both games seem to have huge potential. Emperium seems a bit more my flavor but that is just personal taste. I will be watching this one with sharp eyes. Regardless, both are light years better than One Man's Lie, I mean No Man's Sky.Time will tell."
,Not Recommended,402710,33428521,Posted: 10 July,all,jphoen1x,"I used to LOVE this game, but after their big update few months back, totally killed it for me. Massive fps drops make it unplayable for me when more complex/taxing games run smooth w/ epic graphics, for me this is so janky now I can't even kill anything in a gun fight. Parts of my base have disappeared totally which left me with no shelter. Lots of other problems/broken things i don't feel like going into (wou;d just be repeating other review).  I've played this game from the start and used to be a fav of mine but I just cannot stand to play it anymore. Hopefully devs will fix these problems but at the moment i cannot recommend or play this anymore. Will reinstall and check back in a few months hoping it's back to it's original glory, but for now im going back to Empyrion for the time being."
76561198185748971,Not Recommended,402710,35069798,Posted: 19 September,all,in your butt,The developers need to focus more on the gameplay and less on the buildings.
76561198055684649,Recommended,402710,34899931,Posted: 12 September,all,Übermensch995,Best slideshow ever
76561198015754320,Not Recommended,402710,28879213,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,meep,"On a GTX970 this game was still so laggy with 5 FPS at best, and the terrain doesn't even show. There's also no way to do multiplayer or co-op like it says, and there are just a ton of glitches with everything you try to do. I would describe it as very clunky."
76561198241806098,Recommended,402710,28755309,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Mythoclast,I have one thing to say about this gameWhere do you report bugs?
,Not Recommended,402710,25972552,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,peterssen,"At this stage it's not a game yet, not even an early access game. It's more of a concept. Just a few bits hastily put together. It looks promising but not worth spending any money ot it just yet. Give it a couple of months and it may become something that's worth your money..."
76561198063548726,Not Recommended,402710,29022023,Posted: 4 January,all,Supercurse,I buy the game I love the game I make a space ship I travel to hoth I build a base and then my ship disapears and I have no way to get home this is a seriouse problem plz fix
76561198029225406,Not Recommended,402710,26008599,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,Sean Da Shadow,Pretty fun and ingaging game but 6 hrs of  solo play time on the clock and the game lost my save file. All that hovering and mining for nothing.
,Recommended,402710,30858601,Posted: 31 March,all,Jesus,Step 1: Get friendsStep 2: Play privately with friendsStep 3: Fun
76561197964323681,Not Recommended,402710,25879753,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Neembe,"This game is EARLY early access, possibly too early.The content is minimal, the development of the game does not feel structured. You can build a spaceship and go to space and do absolutely nothing. Yet there are more basic features that still need loads of attention before they are properly functional.It is a no on recommending until the developers can show a bit more promise in how they structure and prioritize the development."
76561197972720249,Not Recommended,402710,30516048,Posted: 14 March,all,boingomw,"So, sorry to be all picky and♥♥♥♥♥♥about what seems like a pretty good game, but I really think you should work on the game debilitating bugs such as ""everything in your robot helper's inventory DISAPPEARS when you log out"" and ""The monsters that attack you every night can just go right ahead and kill you even though you are inside your base structure, thus making your base much less useful than your blow-up pup tent."" before you bother with ""hard at work on a brand new, completely free, companion app for Osiris: New Dawn""Cause I, for one, want an actual playable game for $25.  Not bug free, but not one where I lose 2 hours of work because I had to log off and forgot to transfer stuff from my robot helper.  Picky me.Edit:  You know what boggles the mind?  Now that I read more into the 57 pages of posts on known bugs, I see that the inventory bug has been around for a really long time!  It's trivial to reproduce, and breaks gameplay completely when it does, but MAN I hope that new companion app works on android! :|Edit 2:  As of the latest patch 1.1.05 they still haven't fixed the inventory bug that has been around since the beginning of the game."
76561198118769405,Recommended,402710,34385529,Posted: 20 August,all,DcJuggernaut,Yo Where The ♥♥♥♥ is the Diamond is at i'm trying to look for the cave -13 lat -0.6 but can't find the♥♥♥♥♥♥where is this ♥♥♥♥♥ at i can't get♥♥♥♥♥♥done without diamonds dude
76561198018000686,Not Recommended,402710,29225157,Posted: 13 January,all,Cromley Bloatington,"After 109 hours of testing I have decided this game needs far too much work to be priced at 24.99 atm.  If I am testing a game for you, that is this underdeveloped then it might be better priced at 9.99.  This game is FAR from ready for full release let alone Beta.  I would say its more in Pre Alpha Stage and MUCH of the future promised content will not be ready for long into the summer.  I say the summer based on the trends of updates that have been released.So If you want to play a game, this isn't for you.  If you want to spend a large amount of time looking for bugs in a small universe with a very limited gameplay, this is for you.Either way I hope the depelopers all the luck in the world with this one.  Ill be watching and waiting for the Beta to return."
,Not Recommended,402710,25775729,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Skynet,"Early Access Dynamic Review. Current Status: Negative (30.03.2016) and wait for more Updates.Positive:- Graphics (For such a Small Studio its Good)- Big Worm (You know why if you know NMS :P)- Private Servers with Invite SystemNeutral:- Performance Singleplayer/Private (It runs OK with my Computer but sometimes FPS Drops)- Content (Need a lot more Content but because its a new EA its Neutral)Negative:- Game Break Bugs (Heavy Bugs of Building Stuff)- Performance Multiplayer- Official Server Pings (From Switzerland ALL Servers has Bad Pings)- Price (Too high for the Current Game Status)- Settings (No Keyboard/Mouse Settings, No FOV and lack of Graphic Settings)In the Current State its only a Short Fun Game with a lot of Heavy Bugs and the Price it definitely not worth. Because of the Beta Status of the Game this Review can Change recommend anytime."
76561198012685148,Not Recommended,402710,27778767,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,CPL_Buddha,Not worth the money!
,Not Recommended,402710,28676365,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,t.Minimal,FOV designed for square monitors . Have FUN !
76561198245321936,Not Recommended,402710,30973562,Posted: 5 April,all,asharazizkhan,"this game is a reall pain in the♥♥♥♥♥and has a lots of bugs i am really surprise at how buggy this game is, after playing for 6 hour continously i have to quit because i was not able to progress due to some bugs and have to delete and create my crachtar for the 4 times .first  when i folded my inflatable dome it just disaappear,in second attemp when i respan after once i died my robot companion was not visible in third attemp when i folded my inflatable dome and stores in my inventry and tried to deploy it again to my surprise it was not there  plus there are many other frustrating bugs like your robot companion gets stuck at high cliff and u have to be cautious where u take him"
76561198044406739,Recommended,402710,27475419,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,DANK_Briandutch,"there is more to come to this game , and i msut say its already good , fun with friends to , cant wait for the next updates"
,Not Recommended,402710,25959848,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Darthun,"inventory management is painful. Machines has inventory but can't craft from them, you have to carry everything on yourself. This makes it a pain to move all the ressources you need around.  Machines should be able to use their own inventory to build stuff.The inventory system is slow, too many buttons to press to move stuff around. It should get a shift+click feature.I'm hopping the game will get quick updates. I hope money will go towards improving the game way beyond what it is instead of supporting yet another incomplete survival game."
,Not Recommended,402710,29430129,Posted: 22 January,all,Mello,"Miserable experience, already refunding."
,Not Recommended,402710,31721776,Posted: 13 May,all,swan_electro,"Drab colored monsters against drab colored rocks in the dark with really jerky frame rates.Resources have some variation in look, but it doesn't matter.  Everything has the same chance of being aluminum or iron, or whatever no matter what it looks like.Wheather you are chipping away at rocks with a chizel, of chiping away at monsters with your little blister (not  quite up to par for a ""blaster""), it's still a Royal grind fest.I recommend you turrn down to play, unless you are really into listening to the same wind loop over and over."
76561198050389820,Not Recommended,402710,32978194,Posted: 29 June,all,ersindmr,"At first it looked like a promising game but once i bought and tried it turned out not a good game. Cheap graphics, bad story, avarage gaming experience...Not recommend it"
,Recommended,402710,33148045,Posted: 2 July,all,HaroldFishy,Really nice game
76561198314206408,Recommended,402710,33416195,Posted: 9 July,all,TopRockDeBabu,"Hi, i wanted to dispel the confusion here led by some butthurt early release players. This game is what no man skies should have been and it's still in development so bear that in mind when you play it in early release. So far the graphics are really good and the immersivity is alright. The fact we can build a lot of things makes it fun and it's also realistic (like you need to fuel your vehicules so they can work) and all. Play this game if you love space and building things, exploring and to empty your mind. So far i've had a lot of fun and the game is not even in beta yet. It's promising"
76561198032260611,Not Recommended,402710,33999027,Posted: 3 August,all,42istheanswer,"No tutorial, no hints, nothing. You're basically just there. Good luck trying to figure out where the heck you're supposed to go to gather materials. Good luck trying to figure everything out really, because the game does nothing to help you. Yet. So, you can either a) spend time trying to figure things out, b) look for guides, c) play something else. I'm going with option c.Pretty sure I'll come back when there's a tutorial in place. For now, it's a no from me."
76561197974459940,Not Recommended,402710,34961607,Posted: 14 September,all,Cosmic,Picked up the game and if your a lefty get ready not to beable to  use the mouse in the left and keypad in the right. You can remap the keys but there is keybindings not shown in the keyboard map  UI. You will end up moving left and selecting something else to equip. Combat is 100% pooched.
76561198030028900,Not Recommended,402710,31335492,Posted: 24 April,all,Draimond,I really don't like the GUI for inventory ect. Same as Ark. Just not my thing sorry
,Recommended,402710,25758463,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Sweex,Good
76561198010823322,Not Recommended,402710,31014935,Posted: 8 April,all,Trollghal,"The game was running, I tried it one time, then they patch and it wouldn't lunch at all. Asked for some advices, no answers from the staff.I do not recomend this game at this point."
,Not Recommended,402710,28522131,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,DeathMachine,"Great Hot fix. Enable mecs with no health so they cant be destroyed. so a player comes over and wipes our entire work in 10 minutes. Player ""Daddy"" in game name is spawning items in on your public servers. Might want to look into that too."
,Recommended,402710,29147839,Posted: 9 January,all,OkemaN,Just get it :d
76561198088945261,Recommended,402710,29137957,Posted: 9 January,all,Palarama,while wayting for STARSITIZEN to be finichedthis is a great alternative gamemake sure to get more planets and more to do ;)so far this game is GREAT!!!!!!
76561198055573480,Recommended,402710,32018528,Posted: 28 May,all,wolfstergames,its a fun game but if was creative it wut be more fun
,Recommended,402710,29044307,Posted: 5 January,all,Eric Cartman,"What the developers have done with Osiris New Dawn so far is encouraging. I already know this will be one of my favorite Survival games and I eagerly await each update. Can't go wrong with this if you are a fan of Survival games, but understand that it's lacking in content at the moment. Devs are very active though!"
,Not Recommended,402710,27469889,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,HighFlyer15,"Still needs a lot of polish and balance.I've watched many Youtube videos of the game and decided to finally give it a go. People who played it promised a mix between Subnautica and ARK. I was disappointed. Those two games should not be put in a category as Osiris: New Dawn.The early game is so annoying I stopped before the refund time limit was up and got it refunded.Mining resources is an annoying task as the hit detection on resources is horrible. Having to hit the perfect sweetspot to harvest rocks gets old very fast.Enemies just spawning out of the ground is a very bad mechanic as well. They should already be burrowed down or walking around. All enemies I ever encountered popped out of the ground. Lazy difficulty.Sure, it looks nice in the screenshots and the videos, but don't be fooled. Remember the refund time limit and don't force yourself to fight through the early game. Refund and give the game more time if it's not what you're looking for.I'll be back later down the line of development to give the game another chance and change my review if the game changes for the better."
76561197973035416,Not Recommended,402710,30502383,Posted: 13 March,all,Jackelmyer,It's not there yet.  Lots of potential. But just no where near there. This games current state is Very early alpha.
,Not Recommended,402710,29151744,Posted: 9 January,all,[CSGC] Turok,"Osiris: New DawnAs an avid Space Engineers lover, a recent 7 Days to Die Fan, and a long time player of minecraft I like to think that I know what I do and do not like in a survival game. While first impressions wise I really enjoyed Osiris, within 20 minutes into the game I found it unplayable.Pros:-Graphics-Massive worlds-Multiple planets-Variety of enemies-Challenging environment and resource management-Character classes (Yet to be released)-Modular base buildingThe negatives are not game breaking by any means but they were just annoying enough to make me drop this game.Enemies:-Enemies are in a wide variety which I really enjoyed, crabs, worms, you name it. However when a 10 foot tall giant crab sneaks up behind me with no alert system or sounds, I had gotten ambushed nearly 5 times before even able to break a single rock. Games such as the ones I mentioned initially all have key sounds when enemies are approaching. In the Forest you are so intune with the environmental sounds that even the steps of the cannibals rings loud when they approach. Sure they have stealth mechanics and sometimes get the suprise on, but hulking giant mindless crabs should not be able to sneak up on anything. The only tip off that there was an enemy at all was the quiet still sound of being hit as the damage indicator upon being hit. It makes players who otherwise pride themselves on being aware of their     surroundings and environment almost feel like a joke knowing they are repeatedly ambushed.Drone:The drone command from what I could tell did absolutely nothing along with the fact that my last con specifically targets the fact that there was no indicator of enemies approaching or even when they were in the base. The drone stood idle when an enemy nearly trampled it. I would expect at the least for the drone to send alerts, help to defend, or at the veey least distract the enemies. I got the feeling that the drone wanted me to die at times with its neglagent disregard for the enemies that would pop up.Combat:When I actually knew an insect was attacking, I actually found the critical hit system enjoyable. It made sense that shooting the soft looking spots or joints would do excess damage. Thats about it though, avoiding the enemies was futile as attempting to run would get you hit in the back and flying would only have the enemy sit underneath you until you landed. When you are hit the entire screen shifts and there is a delay before you can move again. While understandable I found it annoyig that I could not switch weapons or reload when flying. Combat is an endless cycle of shoot, duct tape, heal, repeat. It gets old very quick.It has potential sure,and im sure there are pleanty of people who  love this game. I am not one of those people however."
76561198124719991,Not Recommended,402710,29701148,Posted: 4 February,all,Fire,"As of 04/02/17, I don't really recommend the game.I might recommend it when it's later in development but for now, I don't."
76561198368373893,Not Recommended,402710,30479048,Posted: 12 March,all,kealhofer69,Like no mans sky meets minecraft without the fun of minecraft. Grind fest 4/10. Not finished and not worth $25
,Recommended,402710,31544711,Posted: 4 May,all,Inoe Candra,"The forest , Mars version"
,Recommended,402710,31976201,Posted: 26 May,all,DATO!,7/10
,Recommended,402710,32859696,Posted: 27 June,all,Wave,"Could not stop playing for 15 hours, ran out of things to do, will play again in a years time."
76561198330547665,Not Recommended,402710,28719918,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Brogaming 499,you should make it so when you are on local singleplayer you can put down rendering distance my game didn't work because of t hat problem
76561197982832501,Not Recommended,402710,28955303,Posted: 2 January,all,wirdrockstar,Servers are down with no information from the developer. Seems like the support for the game ended during early acess.
,Not Recommended,402710,31875899,Posted: 20 May,all,mikos,Graphic not as per video and bugs. Need to wait more if you want to play this game.
76561198148902547,Not Recommended,402710,28619706,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Undeadassassin25,I Was Really excited about this game but i cant play it for for then 5 minutes without it crashing. I dont know if its just me or other people have this issue but it is super annoying.
76561198030622817,Not Recommended,402710,30906639,Posted: 2 April,all,Monopoli,"Game is really good, but so glitchy you can't play it on multiplayer."
76561198125825724,Recommended,402710,30878572,Posted: 1 April,all,jaco,this is a good game
,Not Recommended,402710,29170119,Posted: 10 January,all,markdinosaur,Probably could become a decent game but mp is useless and no one seems to be bothering with the game much so maybe it will stay early access forever.
,Not Recommended,402710,31793233,Posted: 16 May,all,thomaswb,It won't even get past the main menu!
76561197998859226,Recommended,402710,31231319,Posted: 18 April,all,celgb,"starts up fine, but after the 2 intro logo's then the screen goes black and its like it freezes or hangs :( not greatly concerned becacuse it is early access but would like to be able to play it haha :Dwindows 764 bit"
,Recommended,402710,26422700,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,ICE_Player,good game
76561198253511863,Recommended,402710,31091248,Posted: 11 April,all,+Kreuzritter+,"Crashlanded on a red planet, damaged my suit, looked for materials, ran out of oxygen and died.......felt like Mark Watney, just dumber.10/10 would run out of oxygen again!"
76561198119254330,Recommended,402710,31443711,Posted: 29 April,all,lunar gaming,Really good game you have desinged really fun and entertaining
76561198244982016,Recommended,402710,31427044,Posted: 28 April,all,CrazyClone55,"really good game, my friends and I got it at the same time and we play it a lot would definetly reccomend this game to anyone you likes anything having to do with space survival"
,Not Recommended,402710,29410399,Posted: 21 January,all,SirFrolo,Bad game. Another early access cash grab with poor optimization. Would not recommend.
76561198043931968,Recommended,402710,27741858,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Snitlock,"Great, me and my friend love it"
,Not Recommended,402710,26673568,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Twitch.tv/SpamShot_,"I know its an early dev game but its way to easy, I killed 7 mobs and got hit 1 time at lvl 1. And you walk to slow for how big the map is"
,Recommended,402710,26579275,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,itsyaaboyray,I like space games
76561198291714453,Recommended,402710,32233177,Posted: 6 June,all,Geralt of Rivia,"It's great. You spawn on a planet and explore it. You collect things and build things with those things you collected to help collect other things to build more things and keep collecting stuff until you can build a ship and go to the snow planet, where you collect things and build more things. The graphics are great too."
76561198031713759,Recommended,402710,33510125,Posted: 13 July,all,*KoV* Emskinz,Wakes up on big rock in spacepicks up space junk (game tells you to)Follow a marker round and round for about 30minsFind empty space station (starts to loot)Finds NOTHINGTurns to leave to see ground shaking?!?!?!?!GIANT BLUE SPACE CRAB THING PICKS ME FOR DINNER SPACE KNIFE DOSE NOTHINGDIESFailing space missions is hard. :(
76561198079564823,Recommended,402710,33750012,Posted: 23 July,all,tommytheguy,really fun for the most partsome bugs so be aware of that but its still in EAso there forgivablegood game overall7/10edit: holy♥♥♥♥♥♥i made this review when it first came out why are people hating it
76561198047130535,Recommended,402710,33770715,Posted: 24 July,all,Lummas,"Awesome game! Played it now for ~12 hours (~2x 6 hours) in 2 player multiplayer and it´s not getting boring, repetitive or anything! Despite many people saying it´s too hard, we think it´s actually a good thing as finally we found a game which is challenging! Anyhow - you could adjust the settings of your world if you still think you can´t manage.For being an early access game, nearly everything is without any problems (we didn´t encounter any bigger ones so far yet). No annoying faults are there, so it´s totally playable!We are looking for the next major update and will keep playing until then! :)My recommendation: You don´t need to wait until the game is completely finished to buy."
76561198213572145,Recommended,402710,34315643,Posted: 17 August,all,josephruck,"Osris is a very good game that has the potential to be a great game.  The scope of the game makes this game sucessful, and it pulls off what it does well, very well. Obviously this game is still in early access, so lets hope the additional content, corrections of bugs get fixed.If your looking for a space survival game, I think this one does a good job of realism, multiplayer co-op, base building, and exploration. Combat needs some more improvement.Can't wait for some colony vs colony battles!"
76561198332118021,Recommended,402710,31642021,Posted: 9 May,all,I_Smite_You,i uninstalled the game reinstalled it again and viewed the downloading and it all looked then i try to play the game but it came saying that osiris new dawn for the windows has stopped working can you please the problem i would really appreicate it thank you.
76561198084247030,Recommended,402710,33872001,Posted: 28 July,all,Csnipes,"It's a very cool game, but requires time to play as in you need a lot of items to craft things"
,Recommended,402710,34001828,Posted: 3 August,all,♛Chazzious,"This is a very fun game with lots of pros and cons, you have just have to remember that it is early access game so it will have its flaws, but it does have potential by the time it is out of early access"
76561198017387072,Recommended,402710,33713797,Posted: 21 July,all,Bunnylove81,"The game is fun. There is a lot to do. love the worm, wasnt expecting that ;) however, the aliens that spawn directly on top of you once you start to mine is very unrealistic. I'm sure its just testing out different ways to increase the difficulty, maybe having mobs that spawn out of view but are attracted to the noise of the mining would work a bit better... I know its still being developed so knowing all of that, I give this game thumbs up... looking forward to future updates"
76561198045738110,Recommended,402710,35372452,Posted: 1 October,all,Sir Mighety Krane,Minecraft is an excellent game its incredibly diverse and probably the reason all survival games are around today with this in mind Osiris: New Dawn is definately worth a buy. If you buy it and are unhappy with the game then that's also fine but with reviews as detailed as mine everyone can say we told you so.
76561198051812546,Not Recommended,402710,26695690,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,SIXM6N,"The game intermittently loses your progress in all modes. Ever spend days building something and lose it all? If thats what you like this is the game for you . Totally disappointed. Read several reviews if you have the a lot of time to kill. Too bad, the grahics and game play were actually pretty cool."
,Not Recommended,402710,28091922,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Tempus,"No custom keybindings. I'm a lefty and I can't play without this. No excuse to be in early access and not spend a few minutes building up a key binding and serialization system. Amature hour as hell.The animations are poppy. There are some horrible blends back to idle that make me not want to see the character. The sounds are just annoying. I'm not sure who thought oppressive breathing sounds were a good idea but it gets old fast. Less than 5 minutes in and I want to just turn off the audio. Overall the sound design was unimpressive.The core loop is horribly unpolished, even by EA standards. You'll be spending 10s of hours harvesting if you get into this game. The animations are choppy and feel unconnected. The impact particles aren't. The chisle hitbox isn't all the nice and the arc from the animation means its hard to tell if you are in range so you end up pressed up against anything you want to interact with.Maybe worth looking at in 6 months or so if they go back to the drawing board."
,Not Recommended,402710,29489832,Posted: 25 January,all,Lensky,"Good atmosphere, but extremely stupid multiplayer. This game has no balance! Your base can be destroyed with a simple hatchet, and every time you trying to build up and cooperate, some ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, who joined a minute ago can destroy hours of your work. That♥♥♥♥♥♥must be fixed..."
76561198032555418,Not Recommended,402710,30947468,Posted: 4 April,all,[Risen]Fessaer,"Game lacks content. ""Huge"" update was anounced to be released at March - first it was delayed, because developers wanted to be on Expo, then we got wipe and ""anti-cheat"" patch instead with very doubtful story about major ""cheat-issue"".Not a best way to keep dedicated community of players interested in game.In it's current state, I wouldn't reccomend it."
,Not Recommended,402710,30944982,Posted: 4 April,all,liquid_gold420,"Game is unplayable.  Monsters are too quick to kill, when you die you lose all your gear, then when you spawn the monsters are outside your house making it impossible to leave and you can't kill because you lost your weapons.  Cool concept but needs work.  Save your money and wait for future updates."
,Not Recommended,402710,27986361,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,TouarΞg,i try to build since 2 days a habitat and the rest of the base.... forget it.. one part always does not fit....i tried it on flat ground... no.... i tried it on hillside... no... NO CHANCE..... waste of time.
76561197966558357,Not Recommended,402710,25821945,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,sinsro,"I can only vote yes or no for recommending this game, so it will be a no although it should be more a maybe. It has a lot of potential, but instead of focusing on fun exploring and building, the game is entirely about inventory management and tedious hauling of items.  Building anything is made uneccesarily boring and time consuming as you have to keep all the items you need for building in your carried inventory. You need to constantly move stuff from various storage areas to your inventory so that you can bring them to where you will build. A boring task made even worse by the fact you can barely carry anything at all before you become encumbered and slow down to a crawl.The game is basically, explore the planet to find deposits of minerals, mine them, haul only a small part of it so that you wont be encumbered back to base, store, go back, repeat until you have enough. You need a huge amounts of resources to build what you need, so you will have to take a seemingly endless trips back and forth to the mining areas.The experience system is slow, and it seems like you never gain any experience no matter how long you play or what you do. Generally, the game has very slow progress and little in terms of rewards.Maybe there is some fun to be had at the endless hauling and inventory management, but I don't think I will bother to go all the way."
,Not Recommended,402710,25801131,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Speciaal agent Jaque Brauwer,"A bit too early for early access, needs a lot of basic functions and optimization.In a few months this will be an awesome game though."
,Not Recommended,402710,25776448,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,WaftyTaint,"While I gave this review a thumbs down, don't let it be an immediate deterant, this game has plenty of potential, and if you don't mind a very, very slow paced game with the hope of more to come, then it isn't too bad. However here is my experiance so far:First upon spawning I wasn't paying 100% attention, and then I noticed that I was sufficating to death, and there was very little instruction on what anything does or is intended to do. After a couple seconds of testing everything out I had a general idea of what was going on but I found simple tasks like placing objects harder than they needed to be.It took me awhile to realize that you can use your map to switch waypoints to your dead body which allows you to pick up your starting items in the case that you die, so that was helpful once I figured it out, but even aftewards the game requireds you to mine substantial amounts of material, which sometimes feels near impossible to find.After all of the grinding and scouting for materials you finally build the very few items on the tech tree, and there isn't much else at the moment. I understand this is an early release, however other early releases feature much more of their intended content ahead of time, Oriris simply just doesn't have very much at all.Last, the aliens are interesting at first, and I do enjoy the artwork, however in terms of combat, they are all very basic, and anyone who has played any game in their life will not find them a challenge. I feel the game has potential, but I wouldn't pay what they are asking for it, seeing as there isn't much going on at the moment."
,Not Recommended,402710,27747258,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Your Quiet Afternoon Crush,"Refunded it, gonna wait till about a year or so to get it again because theres barely any content in the game"
,Not Recommended,402710,34927039,Posted: 13 September,all,Bobcards,bad optimization
,Not Recommended,402710,35052874,Posted: 18 September,all,gamingneeded,"I HOPE YOU READ THIS, IT WILL BE HELPFULLI really really wanted to love this game, but after a year of being in early access i can say that this game is broken, and instead of fixing game breaking bugs developers added filters in graphic options.Lets get the big stuff out of the way first, these are game breaking things-budged computers CANT run this game, don’t even bother.-Every time you leave the game it fails to save correctly (i lost a lot of stuff because i left my items in creates that were spawned in the world, i didn’t make my own, and they reset every time you log in)-graphics look good at first but there is way too much glossy (reflective surfaces) where there shouldn’t be any reflection. (ground is made out of glass basically) and this will strain your eyes to much.-character control is really bad and inaccurate, hover pack (jet pack) CANT be controlled, sometimes it wants to go up, sometimes it hovers but always cuts you off when you are flying even though you have fuel.-if you transfer item from you inventory to storage (or other way around) to fast item will just disappear. (♥♥♥♥♥ gone forever)Now for the stuff no one thought to test and see if it is good (they are not good)-every structure, every piece of equipment, every wall, floor, celling and door needs to be selected from menu, placed on the ground and then you need to hold left mouse to build them (for like a second but for each wall, and there are a lot of walls) It is stupid.- Structures CANT be moved, once placed they can be destroyed or left alone (there are only few small structures that can be moved)-There is no point in building a structure in the first place, you don’t need one, you can live outside and have all your machines cramped close. If you try to put them in structures you can only put one per floor tile.-every creature (even lvl 1) is way stronger than you and can kill you. Even with like 4 mags you can’t kill one creature-resources are scattered all over the map, which means you sometimes have to travel kilometers just to find one resource you need if you get lucky.---There are more minor bad stuff but ill just skip for nowNow on to the good stuff (no spoilers)-The game really knows how to be cinematic-map is just beautiful, large, very open, full of structures (useless ones tho)-it will give you just a right amount of scare, keep it interesting.-look very nice on first sightCONCLUSION ---i would refund if i could---sry for bad english"
,Not Recommended,402710,25777159,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,GloryAndPain,"UPDATE:  Pretty quick response from Devs on major bugs, if they keep this pace up for a month this game will be an easy recommend.  So stay tuned for an updated review in a week or two.  Not far from getting a recommend. :OOriginal review below:NOT READY!!~~Don't get sucked in by the positive reviews from PEOPLE WHO GOT THE GAME FOR FREE, it's NOT READY!!~~Far too broken for early access, do yourself a favor and wait!  I didn't and regret wasting the money right now.  Not refunding as I am wanting to play it, just not in this state.Saw the trailer and thought that was what the ""pre-beta"" (a direct quote from devs) contained.  NOPE.Read the EA reviews and youtube vids that glowed about how far along the game was and  how functional it played. NOPE.One planet, no flying, no space, fundamentally broken crafting means its good for about a dozen hours until bugs break your ability to progress, or features are simply missing.Barely developed wiki and support info means you have to basically figure out on your own if your problem is a bug or feature.It's got a lot of potential, but several months too early for Early access, and I have little faith in thier ability to deliver other worlds, let alone space before the year is out. So save your $28 CDN and give it a bit more time, it will be in early access for probably a year more, play it in the spring when stuff works.  Singleplayer at least will still be new and fun to you then.Bug list i've got so far:Major:- When creating structures they count towards a global max, even if you delete and create a new profile. Pretty soon, you are unable to build any structures at all! **KIND OF A DEAL BREAKER**- Cannot create 2nd profile, it simply overrights the 1st profile!- Loot in robot storage does not save- When using the tool on starter tent to ""destroy"" it simply dupes it. Lag ensues.- Mobs can clip under the habitat and attack you while you are inside.Minor:- If I have my Saitek X55's plugged in, my usb keyboard wont work for nearly all the keys including wasd and esc.- Starter tent seems to dupe on reload, spawning a 2nd one nearby, even if you didnt lay it down.- Caves have ore and mobs spawning in ceilings, inaccessable.- Mobs can get clipped under the terrain, they still chase you.- Robot auto-mining seems to mine closest or last mined ore, even if you point it to a different ore, annoying.- Sometime the jumpjets get a bit of a supercharge, its -very- nice and can be sustained by not releasing the space key, when it happens it's -wonderous- for exploring around the area, 1km distance is nothing.- Ore sometimes sits too low in ground, making a full 100% mine of the rock inaccessable- It is possible to dupe accidentally the structures and their walls, usually by using the hand tool and destroy function, lag ensues.- When reloading a saved game, your food/water stats get reset to 100% (not that I mind)- Your robot respawns on server reload, kind of nice if you lose it to damage, but a simple repair function would be nicer.- Beacons do not work on map, better remember location names, because they aren't filled in on the map either when found."
,Not Recommended,402710,25946352,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Hippo ♫,"Very limited gameplay, might become good later, but not worth even $10 (let alone 25)."
,Not Recommended,402710,25775975,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Sioux Faux,"Osiris: New Dawn may seem like the promise land for space exploration and survival, much as we were promised from NMS...but most often times, we have to look at this and think ""Is it better or worse?"". This is a Early Access Game, so its difficult to say what there is to expect from here on out. This review will talk simply about the experiences that I had and what I believe justifies this game is either good or bad, both subjectively and objectively. Before you read the wall of text, I've decided to put the score up here.-------------------------------------------IMMERSION: 9/10SOUNDTRACK: 8/10GAMEPLAY: 4.5/10FINAL SCORE: 6.5/10--------------------------------------------Subjectively, I think it's a pretty good concept. As most sci-fi survival-like games, we often yearn for the idea of exploring space and what it has to offer for us. In this game, it's pretty easy to imagine that as you see a Saturn-like planet in mere million miles away from the planet, and question what it may offer to you. There's also all of the simple nuances of maintaining your suit, HP, food, water, etc., but that comes with territory. You knew what you were getting into. Now, this is where things will get a little bit more heated now that I'll be talking about what makes a good game.Objectively, this was by far, the most scariest game I've ever encountered. The music, the weird atmospheric moments, and the ""screaming"" monsters made this a living nightmare for those that wanted to survive on this planet. I'm getting to a certain age where heart attacks are more common now than ever (plus the fast food), and this game could definitely strike one up on me. Legitimately fearing for my safety, I couldn't be happier to know that this game takes survival as seriously as it does, unlike NMS where it's a beautiful sight but then you see wacky characters, sentinels, or the occasional play -- oh right. There's no players. Plus one for O:ND as it has multiplayer which can certainly enchance the experience for everyone. Oh, I should also mention that the graphics are objectively the nicest I've seen in a pretty long while. Makes you love to look forward to what's coming.As for the gameplay itself, it's unfortunately empty and bland. Combat seems to be straight forward as you shoot to kill or use your wrench-thingy (which does a significant more amount of damage than your other weapons). You have a Droid that can't be remotely controlled so that makes managing it much harder, but it helps a lot when you're in battle because the Droid is like a floating BB-8, but with guns and badassery. Crafting is similar to ARK as you gather materials, press a button, and boom! You made it. Simple and clean. However, the downfall is that finding these resources are a pain in the butt. NMS made it easy to find resources, but asked for a lot of it. O:ND doesn't ask for much, but they're spread so far apart that it takes forever to get it. Normally, this would be a good thing if the pay off was worth it, but I spent my 2 hours finding materials for the Forget and I was no more happier than the moment I realized I might've wasted my money. The enemies are absolutely frightening, especially in the dead of night. I still have to wash my undies.So, what could be changed? I'm not a fan of the UI. I can see that they went for the Metroid FPS look, but I much prefer that than this. Everything is so far spread apart that I have to turn my head to see if I'm okay or not. The lack of animation for anything, especially for first-person. It's not appealing to look at, but I do enjoy the 3rd-person view, but I'm curious why there's a strong difference between the two. The breathing when you sprint (or job because I can certainly believe that this guy is jogging) is absolutely obnoxious. It's pretty annoying to hear him breathe like a Klaus out of whater every time I press the shift-button. The Multi-tool seems absolutely useless, I'm still wondering why it's called a Multi-tool when it repairs and builds walls. Wow, that Multi-tool ಠ_ಠ...Movement could certainly be adjusted to make the player walk faster. Crouching and sprinting and the man is still having a asthma attack may be a bug.What could be added? Configurable keyboard settings! I'll never understand why that seems like something that developers seem to forget that PC Master Race gibbers like myself love to customize their controls or at least see what it is. Could be nice to have a difference in music that's more sci-fi ambience than feeling like I'm about to go into a war in LotR. The delay in movement is pretty obnoxious, but that may be due to the fact that I was playing with 40fps avg. Who knows. Certain sound effects like the ""clanking"" sound when you're placing down buildings is absurdly loud. More awareness in the suits UI that says  ""Yo, you're hungry."" or ""Bro, you're dying. Eat some pills!"". Something to signify that I'm in danger other than ""BREACHED SUIT! STAY AWAY FROM THOSE SPIKEY BALLS"". NMS had it, but it was something that I certainly liked, the binoculars. Add some of those, and people will feel like a real Louis and Clark!At the end of the day, is the game good? It could be, but right now; it defintely need some work. A lot of it. Is it worth buying? For the long run investment? Can't say, there's not much to go on to say that for sure. What about the first experience? I wouldn't say it's worth the $25, but if you're rich and read this review, you knew exactly what you're getting into. For the Early Access version of 9/29/2016, it's not worth buying it. Wait until they add a lot mroe content and then give it a shot."
,Not Recommended,402710,26102779,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Ozilir,Don't buy it yet!The game has to little content to be worth the price.In total you'll get around 6-7 hours of content if you play with 4 friends on a map with max everything.- The map is about 4km by 4 km large with an attached desert so you feel you're on a planet.- Space is full of placeholders and nothing to do.- The only part of the game that has any challenge is finding resources.- The game was completed with only 1 death amongst 4 players over 6 hours at max settings. .(I didn't moving fast enough at a dune worm)- Game content is about 1/4 done. far to many things that does nothing.
76561198045583618,Not Recommended,402710,25779406,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,valden,"Not worth an investment at this time.Pros:-Beautiful game engine.-Runs at a consistent 60fps.-Diversity in terrain makes land navigation feel natural.Cons:-Structures attached to a pressurized structure are not considered pressurized.-No raw material returns for destroying part/whole structure.-Although modular, structures cannot be dismantled and moved.-Poor predator A.I.Pros:The game engine runs like silk and does an amazing job at simulating weather effects. Rain, fog, day, night, sand storms all look and feel natural. The game will most likely take hits from critics because they will feel everything looks the same and lacks color. If a player wants a planet that looks like it came out of a Willy Wonka movie, they are going to be disappointed. Instead the player is treated to the most natural looking terrain ever adventured across in a game. Every rock formation, although cut from the same stone, is unique enough to use as landmark. Trees and other plant life are just as divers. No clump of trees looks like another. It makes land navigation feel intuitive and natural. My old bones served as a Scout in the Army before the proliferation of the GPS. I had to know where I was at all times solely based on the lay of the land. I cannot stress enough how this game makes that possible.Cons:Much of this game is structured around base building, and it is here that it fails the most. True extra-terrestrial settlements would be prefab structures assembled in trenches to protect the buildings from the elements. I don’t expect that level of realism, just a little would be nice. To have a pressurized structure, in the game, it has to be attached to an airlock. Makes sense, that’s how they truly work. What does not make sense is why another structure coupled to the pressurized structure is not considered pressurized. Walking through the archway into the other building places the player into a non-pressurized environment. Apparently each structure has to have its own airlock. No big deal I will just dismantle the structure, move it and attach an airlock. What, I can’t do that?Each structure in the game is assembled in parts. First the frame then the walls. Very similar to a real modular design. However, in the game the structure cannot be disassembled. The whole thing has to be destroyed and start over. This means another four hours of resource gathering and fighting the most nonsensical predator A.I. since Monster Hunter.Apparently, despite all the vegetation, every creature on this planet is a carnivore. Not only that, but they don’t eat each other, just me. Not sure how they survived this long until I showed up, but they did. Besides the complete disregard of any natural food chain, every creature wants to come visit. So every night I stand in the door of my inflatable indestructible home, shooting at four different indigenous life forms trying to eat me. This goes on until I decide to run out and die, or waste half the day plucking at them with a pea shooter. Just to do it all over again and again and again. Well you get the idea. No thanks, once was enough. I am out."
,Not Recommended,402710,26138560,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,themalorkus,Searching for resources for hours to make beginner items is not fun. Only gets worse the longer you play.
,Not Recommended,402710,30873470,Posted: 1 April,all,ape child,"Unless you have a nasa supercomputer, you will not enjoy this game.On a moderately high end PC, you'll be lucky to hit 40fps at lowest possible settings due to the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ optomization by the devs. Now surely this should still be playable?Except for the fact that for some ungodly reason the majority of your shots will not register as hits in this game, and do no damage in the server. Additionally, this game has a habit of spawning monsters in the dozens as soon as you spawn, swarming you and camping your spawn, whilst you cannot defend yourself.If there's a game that I could completely remove from steam, this would be it."
76561198044770882,Not Recommended,402710,25783702,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,jordie098,Graphic dont look anything like the pictures. Not worth getting yet might be a good game one day
76561198230063892,Not Recommended,402710,32154079,Posted: 3 June,all,Utter Trash,"This game is fun and has a unique survival style however this game can be very hard when maneging everything. This game also requires a RAM and graphics card to run as the fps can drop if you don't have a good enough gaming PC, also after a while I could not click on anything on the screen. Until this is fixed and there has been proper updates to gameplay than I cannot recommend this game."
76561198008562132,Not Recommended,402710,25824581,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Ronson,"Could have great potential. In terms of immersion, the open world scenery is super, with fantastic graphics.However, very disappointing to discover that the Game Play is simply roaming the environment, searching for elements to convert into useful objects. When you have done that, you do it again and again.Was killed immediately upon joining numerous games, on different eservers, by other players.Tired of these people ruining game play."
,Not Recommended,402710,26124091,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,South Paw,Wait for it. There is not enough in it at the time of this review to be worth the price tag. Remeber to buy on what you see not whats on promised (IE NMS) and the like. Has promise but there isnt alot of content in it.
76561198334109251,Recommended,402710,26756923,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,VortiniMC,O_oBESTGAMEEVER
,Not Recommended,402710,30341088,Posted: 5 March,all,MickeyUSA,just a bad game and does not deliver anything new or interesting.
76561198050939092,Not Recommended,402710,26746221,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Vibe,"This game is a demo at best. There is nothing to really do beyond mine MMO level predictable deposits, a hand full of structures, and fight aliens which spend most of their time clipping into you making it hard to fight them. Most features that are avalaible dont even work right... or at all.Now before anyone tries to jump to their defense and say ""Oh its an alpha game... blah blah blah"" I've had this game two months and their only progression has been a hand full of bug fixes. There are tons of extremely easy to finish implimenting features they flash you with saying 'Coming soon' all over the place. How hard is it to put in 10 more lines of code so stat points actually do something?Also they dont allow adjusting render distance (Which is rediculously high by the way) so if you have anything less than a high end PC like me you're looking at very low fps WITH what little graphics settings they do let you adjust.Save your money. Dont buy this game. Its not going anywhere."
,Recommended,402710,32732454,Posted: 24 June,all,Kulowen,"LOVE this game. i got no words that ca discribe this game, it's just love amazing to play. 11/10 if you ask me <3"
,Not Recommended,402710,27682759,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,NEO-JOKER,so boring everything you see is sand and sand and nothing excited to play
76561198001341834,Not Recommended,402710,34984683,Posted: 15 September,all,ecbrookie,"huge sci fi fan, but honestly bored with this one. just couldn't get into it."
,Recommended,402710,30843314,Posted: 30 March,all,Cereal,Got this game today went right to multiplayer but there is a couple things to mention that- Laggy AliensThey will sometimes lag over the place so becomes hard to shoot (If playing on multiplayer)- Awkward miningYou have to get the right angle to mine the thing- If playing PRIVATE then make sure your steam name has no spaces in it because otherwise for some reason it wont make a serverSome other bugs but from what I can remember these are the most affecting the game. Other then that it is a game worth getting because it is fun with FRIENDS depending on your imagination.
,Not Recommended,402710,26071609,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Dreadbaron,"When I saw the trailer for this game it looked pretty awesome, and it looked that way too when I started playing. So I got my Inflatable Dome proped up, put down a depository, and went out mining. The last thing I build before I desided to log out of my singleplayer world was a forge.The next time I came on my singleplayer world, everything was gone and I did not know why.  I tried this again by making new singleplayer games and the same thing kept happening, so I refunded the next day.However, I see this game could be something really good in the future, and am thinking about getting it once issues have been resolved."
76561198007620168,Not Recommended,402710,25968147,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Grimvyn,"Servers are a max of 12 people and every server wont let you place any new buildings because of a server building cap.  You cant even complete the tutorial because it requires you to place a building you are not allowed to place.The combat system is pretty terrible too.  If you get hit once your screen goes red and shakes so violently you cant tell which way is which anymore, might as well just make the game one hit kills instead of that rubbish."
,Not Recommended,402710,25891677,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Retsurai,"I'm sure I'll change this later in development, but for now hold off. Fun gameplay plagued by bugs - corrupted saves (dear god don't log off in the cave system - loading back in you will be stuck under the world, and even after force killing yourself the world will be this gray mass...I assume none of the textures are loading?), mobs killing you through walls, etc. Like I said, the gameplay is fun, but the bugs are a bit frustrating (most specifically the corrupted saves). Hold off till it's a more complete product."
,Not Recommended,402710,26280308,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Vergaerd,"Not worth your money at this stageGameplay: 5/10Movement is clunky. You are using a jetpack to boost urself jumping short distances across the surface of the planet. Later on you get access to vehicles. The game is very grindy. You gather resources to build up your base and protect yourself from alien creatures. Very repetitive and uninspiring as there is little freedom to be creative with building.Innovation: 3/10The game uses cloud technology to save games which is not something you see a lot. Not a good thing though, because it doesn't really work up untill this moment.Difficulty: 4/10Wouldn't say it's hard at all. Once you figure out the AI patterns, it offers no challenge.Replayability: 2/10Next to none. Once you killed and built it all, you are done.Content: 3/10Too little at this point. The game gets frequent updates, but at the moment just doesn't offer enough content to justify the 23 euros. Of course it's an EA game so this is hopefully going to change soon.Customization: 5/10You can colour almost all buildings and parts of the character spacesuit, but to a limited set of colours.Graphics: 6/10Nice atmosphere, Poorly optimized and the models are placeholder (I hope).Audio: 6/10The sounds are okay overall, add to the atmosphere. Luckily the annoying radio static can be turned off.Settings: 2/101 point for the audio setting described above. 1 point for having minimal settings.Controls: 4/10Clunky. UI is clunky, poor design.Overall: 40/100The game has a lot of potential and room for improvement. At this point I would not spend more than 2 hrs in this game, so you can still be eligible for refunds.Worth:5 euros max. Ill re-evaluate somewhere later down the line."
,Not Recommended,402710,26369022,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,SKD-007,Game concept is nice..Game needs lot of work to improve it but its surely worth buying if they fix control and improve graphics to pay at 4k.Its not so easy to understand what we should do as the game started..  Mission information is not enought to guide me through. controls are locked which is a big no no for me.Not good...1 Graphics2 Controls3 Mission instruction
76561198323521519,Not Recommended,402710,31766751,Posted: 15 May,all,PixelBill,"Not worth it.  After you play for a few hours you start to discover how little there is to do and how many bugs there are.  I wasted my money on this garbage, don't make the same mistake."
,Not Recommended,402710,31904442,Posted: 22 May,all,Bull Frog,Looked great when I bought the game. But then I got in game and was harassed by creatures that was boring to fight and a really stale gameplay. Refunded.
,Recommended,402710,25760163,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Shiny Mew <3,played for 30 minutes. Got eaten by giant Worm. Guns are pulse rifles. Blew up a inflteable tent from being on the inside. Made a chest and put things in it.10/10 would worm again.
76561197994450237,Not Recommended,402710,26172840,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Kal Manto,"The start of the game is amazing.after 7 hours you have done all there is to do. Most of the objects you have built, have no function.I'm not saying this wont be a good game in time. But it was released to early even for early access.BTW: It's a old school GRIND resources like crazy style game. Be prepaired for a lot of running around when starting.I will say once more, in 6-12 momths with the small crew working on this. It may have enough content to be playable. I'd  follow the game an wait some time if you're interested."
76561197985168315,Not Recommended,402710,25778319,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Grinis.Sharni,"I was playing on single player on my own and there is heap of stuff and it take awhile to collect building materials but I have hit a wall, you can only build 36 things and for some reason that only means jack all, as i have some becons i cant even build a barracks or anything else due to the planet build limit. Means you get like 2hrs of game time them shut down uninstall, you can test it a little but that is about it!"
,Not Recommended,402710,31407023,Posted: 27 April,all,KRIEGER,Buy Grav if you want the fun side of being disappointed by an early access game.
,Not Recommended,402710,26278580,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,GalacticGhost,"I think this could have potential however, there are some issues to boot. For now I've experienced no bugs however, the walking speed is a bit slow. The player really needs to start off with a spawn vehicle, otherwise you run into having no oxygen and 1+k away from base camp with no way back (aside from really, really slow walk)."
,Not Recommended,402710,25766911,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Ling Ling,"It's multiplayer needs a lot of work, I am interested in the game but couldn't play even five minutes of multiplayer. You might say ""You can play singleplayer"" well I say to that its primarily a multiplayer experience and if they can't provide that even from early access then I am very concerned for there overall competence.Don't get it now, wait and see if it gets better or tanks, as so many of these do."
76561198250309720,Not Recommended,402710,25973251,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,montipithonart,"This game has a ton of potential. With that said, I hope the developers utilize it.There is about a 3 to 4k meter distance worth traveling. outside of that there is zilch. No aliens, resources anything. its barren. There are many things in the game that are not yet implemented, so hopefully soon. You can leave the planets surface and travel to space. Though at this point in development its pointless. Tried to travel to a few of the planets, set max speed, pointed it at a planet and went and smoked, made dinner, ate, did dishes and came back. still not even close to the planet. traveled some 300,000 meters and never made it. So hopefully this is fixed soon. Be warned. even if you set the slider to no aliens, you will encounter the sandworm any time you get near the magnesium deposits. when you hear it, just run. My rig has well over twice the reccomended specs to run this game and Its still a bit sluggish. Dont bother with a controller as its infuriating how slow the responsiveness is. There is no options at this moment to adjust it. The aliens are cool, and they all will attack. Your personal droid is useless against them. Doing a whopping 1 point of damage lol.I feel 25 bucks for this early access is a bit steep. This game feels like its about 10% finished. so at 25$, I feel a bit ripped off. Once this game is complete, it will be worth the money. Though like many of the early access games here on steam, Im not holding my breath that it will be completed. Until this game has reached a 70% completion, I feel as though it should be free with an option to donate to help its development.So buy at your own risk. And hopefully this game will see completion.Still better than no mans sky lol."
76561198077523611,Not Recommended,402710,28693296,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,jksthegate,"Game seems decently fun, however for a PvP first/thrid person shooting game to have no sensitivity option is a joke in my opinion, I understand this is not a problem for some, but for people who regularly play fps/shooters it feels terrible and it is an instant deal breaker for me."
76561198067231842,Not Recommended,402710,31349721,Posted: 24 April,all,ps3program,Wow seriously you still have not fixed the the damn bug where you have to unplug all of your controllers and hotas from your pc to play this game? Really really stupid.
,Not Recommended,402710,25778577,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,The Punisher,Super buggy. And storage containers randomly delete items.
76561198138542113,Not Recommended,402710,31906012,Posted: 22 May,all,A N G E R Y,Since the recent Update is this game completly broken and unplayable.I would rather get cancer than playing this ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥again.
,Not Recommended,402710,25871354,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,BroDator,Save your money at this kind of early access. It's a pretty much an unpolished heap of rock. Go back in next 6 months.I bought this because i played subnautica. It was a mistake.
76561198121685831,Not Recommended,402710,25874981,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Racism is Fun,"Broken multiplayer, glitches out the♥♥♥♥♥id wait  awhile before buying."
76561197963149576,Not Recommended,402710,30915952,Posted: 2 April,all,scootly dee doop bop bop,"Refunded quickly.My computer isn't amazing, but it isn't horrible.  This game was unplayable."
76561198031149787,Not Recommended,402710,26332200,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Capt Stern,"I like the game, but it is not at all ready to be any fun.There is no compass or map so navigating in an exploration game without these means just aimless wandering.There is no pause buttonThere is no pause buttonThere is no pause buttonThere is no pause buttonrepeated because this is so stupid it boggles the mind.  Even in solo play.  Go in to your inventory and you may be dead before you can come out.  Have to take a potty break, well you die.  Phone rings, well you die.When (not if) you die you spawn with no weapons beyond a mining chisel and most of the time there is no ""old body"" to get your gear back from.Night happens fast and there is no way to wait in your hut for daytime.  In the night bugs will continue to randomly spawn and attack even if you are standing in your hut.  If you are out and about, and they score a hit on you it might be all over because you can't move fast or far and the hit will force you to go in to your inventory to use up your precious (and irreplaceable) healing items and bandage your suit.  In the meantime attacks will continue so you might get stuck in a loop of constantly repairing yourself and your suit until you die.When you die and have no gear, no way to get new gear and no way to get your old gear you will typically be several hours in.  Several hours thrown away every couple of hours makes for a SUCKY gaming experiance.Even the start of the game is designed to annoy you.  You start with a leaking suit (every time) and then must go in to your inventory and apply your duct tape before you die.  How about just telling us how to patch our suit the first time and not rub out noses in it over and over and over.The spawn point points to where the game began not where it left you your blow up tent.  Again stupid.  Have it point to our base since that is where we will actually respawn.Show promise.  But far from ready to be any fun.  Most positive reviews are based on a hope for a better game that isn't there yet.  Meaning they are BAD advice to perspective purchasers.  You should know what you are buying not what someone hopes the game will become someday."
76561198034697603,Not Recommended,402710,26683612,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,russetthestone,"So, I like games that involve a lot of building, and crafting, and that kind of nonsense. I suppose it all stems from my early days, as a child in a house with little money, repairing things when they broke, and generally making do. I get a bit nostalgic when starting a new game that necessitates building shelter, and finding food, and fighting off predators, and generally being creatively unsupervised.That being said, this is not that kind of game. I already have a boring day job, now that I’m a fairly responsible adult. If I wanted an ugly simulator about fighting off giant cockroaches as I labored for enough resources to put up windows and walls on my poorly built house, I’d go into the break room at work and pretend I was a spaceman."
76561198034293215,Not Recommended,402710,29491774,Posted: 25 January,all,Goldy,What a load of garbage.
,Not Recommended,402710,29196281,Posted: 11 January,all,man0fgam1ng,crashes way too often. the game freezes however the sound still plays in the back ground then it crashes. please optimise it a bit better and i will gladly purchase the game again
76561198098731588,Not Recommended,402710,31214324,Posted: 18 April,all,munkua,"♥♥♥♥ing unfriendly game. Monsters aggro range is ridiculous. Just they never stop + too high difficulty for single player. Also, to get lithum there is no way to find unless to get lucky in this huge map or googling it."
,Not Recommended,402710,28393880,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Chiff,Boring grindfest with terrible combat. Shame
76561198038387055,Not Recommended,402710,30357826,Posted: 6 March,all,TheShadow76,"the vdieo's make you think that this is a game simiular to no man sky, just with multiplayer options, its not, the planet to space transfer isnt as seemless as the video shows u have to press a key to get into space then there is only one other planet that u can go to and once again it isnt open for u to just fly to it, then once u get to the second planet, teh planet glitches out and you cnat return to the starting planet it would seem with out dying and loosing all your items in your inventory, and once you start building vehilcles to explore your starter planet they crash and lock up your game totally everytime you enter the vehicle. so my recommendation is buy it if it goes on sale for $9.99 or less but the devs alot a work on this one before it was released as early access, players should be refunded and more work needs to be done on this one before sellin as early access. This game is not ready imo. it does have a lot of potential but not enough for me to recomend paying $25 for it, steer clear."
,Not Recommended,402710,30546591,Posted: 16 March,all,Makkiduperz,"It seemed full of action, exploration and crafting. Turns out it's sitting around, gathering resources, horrible PvP, want to explore? oh- it's raining or foggy or simply nothing there to see except what you see around you already within 15 meters. Want to craft? No, no, no, you have to do these 20 steps first, then you have to level up 20000 levels to learn this to craft this, but you'll still need all of those resources you don't have! - That's pretty much how I view this game. (thumbs down)"
,Not Recommended,402710,29344854,Posted: 18 January,all,↨ ISK | csloungebet.com,This product has big potencial but it isn't playable. Limits of the structures kill this game.
,Not Recommended,402710,25769307,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Nelathi,"DO NOT BUY!It's far from alpha-worthy even.. smells like just about any other survivalgame that is stuck in alpha for 3-4 years, then dropped.."
,Not Recommended,402710,25854404,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Be$$eR,wait a while no good unless just wanna single play
76561198322318023,Not Recommended,402710,25767874,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Mighty,"These people with great reviews are out of their minds. DO NOT buy this game in its current state.I understand this is in early access, but do not give these devs $25 for the current mess of a game it is. I have played early access games for $15 or less which are leaps and bounds in front of this game.I will start with some good. I like the concept and the idea. The graphics are plausable and your character handles okay overall. The shooting feels nice besides the speed of your characters movement which is a problem i will get into later.The creatures are unique and intruiging.Scary to look at and range from small to very large.Now for the bad-The game runs at an abismal frame rate and it's choppy as hell.-The characters walk/run speed is laughable and ultimately why i turned the game off. 5 minutes into the game and your on the 3rd quest which has you spending 15 minutes walking round to find resources to build a forge. That's right 15 minutes holding W on the keyboard and doing nothing else.This sinful act doesn't just stop there, it poisons the otherwise good fps combat side of things. If an enemy  gets close you will just be trading blows without being able to retreat, which results in unispired unrealistic firing at point blank 10 times till its dead.-Inventory encumbered threshold is an absolute joke, your char can barely hold anything which results in mindless back and forth between exploration and your base. (mixed with the walk/run speed it will have you pulling your own hair out)-The sounds are not synced or missing completelyI really could go on but i'm not giving this game anymore of my time until they put in some SERIOUS effort."
,Not Recommended,402710,25769622,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Oninous,"This is game has some great potential and beautiful graphics. That being said, as it stands (early alpha) it is pretty broken. With randomly vanishing base parts, getting stuck on objects, parts just plain not working, or the ability to accidentally delete your whole base without any confirmation, I don't feel it was worth the $25 price tag. The game just lacks content, refinement, and common sense optimizations. While this fruit may require a bit more ripening on the vine, I will say that at the right time, it will be sweet. Until then, I would keep a close eye on it's progress."
76561197971018238,Not Recommended,402710,25770686,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Xanoid,"As of 30th September 2016, the trailer is misleading. There are no vehicles and there is no space exploration as they show in the trailer.Save your money and stay away till these features get in the game."
,Not Recommended,402710,26062678,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,kherby,There are tons of multiplayer glitches. Also seemed to ocassionally have animation issues as well.The game seems like it has potential but in it's current state I can't recommend it.
,Not Recommended,402710,26070252,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Fate_Prophecy,This game looks awesome but yet i am still able to find a server where i can actually build i paid £18.99 for me not to be able to play multiplayer because all servers are full on structers....
,Not Recommended,402710,25769490,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,BattleRL | Twitch LIVE,"Alright, so I bought this game for myself and a friend of mine because I thought it looked pretty promising in terms of a space survival game. I wasn't wrong. Theres a lot of cool things to do in this game, and I feel as if I've barely scratched the surface. The reason i'm not recommending this game right now is because of the current state that it's in. Creating a private server doesn't work, and you can't back out of the server creation screen without having to fully exit your game and relaunch it. There are multiple audio and graphical bugs and glitches, some that are absolutely game breaking. Now I fully understand that it's early acess and there will be bugs, however I feel as if they've released the game just a bit too early. In trhe future I will definately be re-purchasing this game, just better to wait and save your money until a more stable version is out. On a scale of one to ten in it's current state, I would give it a solid 8/10. Theres just so much you can do already, the world is beautiful, the aliens are scary, and I love how it throws you into this huge open planet with barely any guidance. Playing this game with a friend is a blast so I do recommend buying and playing it, just not in it's current state. Let's just give it a bit."
,Not Recommended,402710,25768990,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,[Tech] Knoar,"With all the over-hype and dissapointments going on in the gaming community, I can not and will not recommend this game.  Even if all the bugs are fixed, and even if they add more content, the game won't be near-complete for at least a year, and that's a generous estimate.  Even then, what is it?  A prettier Empyrion with less freedom?  Ark in space?  Both Empyrion and Ark (and subnautica or whatever other game this is compared to) are and will be better options to buy/play.I still suggest following this game (because miracles happen), but patience will be required."
76561197971421694,Not Recommended,402710,25771346,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Raygun,"First 3 attempts to play. Sufficate before being able to drop an inflatable bass.4th Attempt join server unable to place new build as there are too many on the server already with 3 other people on it. ♥♥♥♥♥♥ Graphics and controls, ripped off again. Will try again in a few months. ♥♥♥♥ing start up games.. grrrr"
,Not Recommended,402710,26258429,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,rwhwilliam,"Don't waste your time or money on this, maybe in a few months"
,Not Recommended,402710,30885756,Posted: 1 April,all,worisonTV,"The game has cool graphics, and gameplay, but there is still some bugs to fix in this game.and it has less people playing it, if you even go to a multiplayer server you will only find one or two or even three players in the server.so after the Beta I wish they would fix the bugs, it has really many bugs still, like the chat bugs, i'm playing in 1280x1024 and I can't even see the whole chat...and not only that, they added a new option that you can boost abilities of your character, their is stamina, health, running etc...so if you over boost the running one or just boost it a little bit, you would run so fast than a flying machine or car or anything that you can drive, you can really run so fast wich made it unrealistic...I think I can run across the whole map in only few seconds...xD (I haven't discovered the whole map but I'm just saying..lol)Anyway I'll still not recommend this game yet untill they fix it well."
,Recommended,402710,30871786,Posted: 1 April,all,__TRON__,most please add Russian language... I have something very hard to play....
,Not Recommended,402710,29075895,Posted: 6 January,all,RulfieForAll,This game is really laggy :l
76561198094083297,Not Recommended,402710,29037501,Posted: 5 January,all,Meowsters,"Just to start off this game is beautiful the graphics are lovely and the whole gameplay upto a point is really nice, there are a few niggles like the constant beeping when inside structures and other bits but its no biggie and I can live with it, so why don't I recommend this?Well there is a HUGE game breaking bug that needs to be addressed before anything else and this is if you travel to the other moon Aziel and log out your ship disappears along with all your resources, so lets take a look at this:You spend days with your friends mining gathering resources having to put up with constant attacks from aliens and then the constant dark and when it does get light you have a storm which makes it dark again but its all part of the survival experience who said it would be easy, ok no problem.You gather everything and more make your habitat and everything else build your workshop and start to make vehicles which makes it easier to go get more resources, nice.....You finally make a spaceship and load it up with the goodies you need to start again and a new planet....koooolYou get to the new planet Aziel fly around it looks nice and your looking forward to exploring you land put up your dome and save, you say ok lets start this tomorrow cause its getting really late and we can make a day of it setting up the new base and fly back and forth getting extra things we need,... so we all log out.Next day comes..... log in exited to explore the new world....wait....where are the spaceships with all the resources.....GONE!!!!!! oh wait the radar shows them 3000m away lets go.....we set off....3000m later spaceship is 0m away um nope no where to be seen, temperature in suits dropping lets get back home, night comes temps drop fast starting to die....dead.....respawn still no ships no resources, bodys miles away lost weapons....greatWell thats it done with this game we aint starting over glad we bought it was nice while it lasted but we aint starting all over again as we cant get back to the main planet where all our stuff is... if we make new characters we cant get into our old bases only way would be to make a new spaceship stock it fly to the new planet get invited to the colony then go from there which would take a few days again cause we would have to start from the beginning.SO in its current state I can not recommend this game wait till its more finished then take a punt, this wont be my last EA game i purchase I like to test them out but for me this is a game breaker that from what I see is not being sorted rather things like beeping sounds are more important.Anyways pick it up it you want if you don't do what we did and log out after we got to the new planet and build some stuff like a storage container and put ur resources in that you should be fine just for us spending all that time for things to disappear is a kick in the beeps.Have fun whatever you decide to do.------UPDATE---------I made a new character got back to Aziel put a dome out moved my resources to a box then spent the next 10 mins inside my dome because of an ice store where you cant venture out cause you freez, pretty much you spend 10 mins outside and 50 mins inside, totally useless planet zero fun to be had, i like a good challenge but not being able to leave my structures cause of freezing then having 10 minute maybe longer storms is gettin way out of hand, total garbage, steer clear wait 6 months then spend your money. if its get better I will edit my review otherwise play something else."
76561198300461934,Recommended,402710,33233738,Posted: 4 July,all,noahkrogh2007,det game er god and willy fund
,Recommended,402710,32108119,Posted: 1 June,all,Game OveR,Like a boss ! 😂
76561198284392989,Recommended,402710,32712600,Posted: 23 June,all,CrunchMunchSlurp,"so far ive played this game for about 9 hours and I love this game, I jumped stright into the game with 2 friends knowing nothing about it except for a trailer or 2. with the constant challenge of monsters attcking you, you never seem to have a lack of challnges and you always have somthing to do like build a sorage find somthing to eat and drink explore mines build Your own little colony, ill be honest It was not all great trying to find 1 matrial (Carbon) just to build somthing that I needed to progres or trying to find some thing to drink like tree sap, Kinda wish they gave me a tip about that on my HUD other than that collecting marials constantly can get kinda boaring but when you Finaly build what you collected it for It accualy feels like you accomplished somthing, yea this game is still in early access yes water doesnt have physics but It has Quite a bit of content. I would recommened this game if anyone is looking to buy a space survival exploration game."
,Recommended,402710,33443613,Posted: 10 July,all,Mashi,"Please, for the love of god, buy and support this game! I would love to see this company finish this game. All of the hours that I put into this game were nearly consecutive. I couldn't stop playing.Getting to travel to other plants is straight up amazing!"
76561198050306980,Recommended,402710,32710451,Posted: 23 June,all,No_Money_No_Honey,well. the game is lagging once againg 7/10
,Not Recommended,402710,26009964,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Duckroll,"Not really playable in current state, as food/water resets when you load game, meaning no challenge at all.Lots of potential."
,Not Recommended,402710,28581262,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Darrell (Duh-Rel),Tried everything to fix my ground textures from disapearing until that's fixed I can't do it
,Recommended,402710,26344358,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Kilroy5150,"(For all you ""Sympathy for the Dev"" people) YES, i know it's in development stage...I'm revising my review, for this game, because it's come a long way in a very short time and i'm impressed with the Dev's speed of keeping up with patches.Also, a good %50 of this game has been HIGHLY upgraded / rewritten since i last played so there have been major additions and improvements.If any of you have seen the movie ""The Martian"" then this game is going to feel very similar to you when you play it because it's got a LOT of the elements, of the book and the movie, in it...I even came across the ""Watney"" expidition, a long time back, but it could have been removed (due to copyright violations) by now, who knows....Andy Weir might be watching :)This game, to me, is much more enjoyable than ""No Man's Sky"" (a game that fell from the ""atmospheric"" heights and crashed on some remote gamer's planet...lol) and seems to be a lot easier on the ole graphics card.A word about graphics: I do not (like some more anal reviewers) consider every pixel and detail...if it's good enough to look at, without giving me a headache (for bad graphic design) then i'm okay with it. I'm not some d-bag who has to see every grain of sand on a beach.So you don't really need an ""ultra"" graphics card to enjoy this game. A $75 4GB card can handle game play quite well.The great best part about this game was that i was able to get a hold on it's workings without too many runs (to the Wikis) to find out ""how do i do this?"".The last time i played, the AI ""helper"" robot worked but often got stuck or didn't do it's job but it IS a GREAT distraction when creatures come roaming in from the wastelands.The ""sand"" worms were a nice touch, Frank Herbert would have enjoyed that effect.The vehicles ground or space, have gotten better over time and are easier to control.Really, i could go on about how enjoyable this game is but...you get the idea. It's not overly-difficult to figure out and it's gotten past it's ""infant"" stage so they've worked out a LOT of the bugs.And, a word for people (who bother me with their nonsense) who live by the ""you've only played it 'x' amount of hours, how could you judge?"" gamers....If it takes 'you' more than 10-20 minutes to figure out of a game's got problems...then you need to question your own skill in evaluating a game....a qualified gamer (or tester) can find flaws in minutes....get over it.DEVELOPMENTAL GAME NOTE - While this game is still in developmental stage, i think it's far enough along (in it's stability) for people to play and enjoy and not have to put down every 6 months..PS - I repeat myself because, often, people pick and choose what they ""want"" to see rather than what i really wrote, so i end up writing specific parts over and over.CON(s) - Last time i checked, you couldn't host your own server. Any survival game i play, that can't do this, loses some points from me when i review if they don't allow for private server hosting. No offense dev guys :)"
76561197993960704,Not Recommended,402710,25841076,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Ishtar,"[What If No Man Sky's had Multiplayer but server compacity of 12 people?]They need a neutral comment mark  - So far so good.. but I dont know how this is was marked as a MMO prior before? - These games devs need to figure out what a MMO is and take up responisbility for mislabling their product. When you log in you are given over 100 servers to connect to,  each server has a max of 12 users - If by some chance all 12 users builds a structure the server will reach its compacity which means you have to go some where else.12 people on a big planet?""So far not a MMO"""
76561198140903419,Not Recommended,402710,32047278,Posted: 29 May,all,yiannis_v,"After patch 1.122 the game is broken. On GTX980 with best settings on graphics I have 3-30fps, with patch 1.116 same setting I had 45-60fps. Also with new patch resourses, plants and trees are floating above ground. I can not recommend the game in this state. Pls fix this, I was rather enjoying it. As a side note after the new patch there is a huge mountain grown in the middle of my base, but I am not complaining about that"
,Not Recommended,402710,26410934,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Ankido,"I am doing this with a heavy heart.  I wish I didn't have to but it needs to be done.  I'm one of the biggest fans of this game.  I believe the game is headed in the right direction.  Unfortunately, they are adding taming to the game.  Just like every other game, it will turn into another Ark.  I mean come on, does taming need to be in the game?  This is a space survival game.  Who runs around with Aliens as pets?  I'm sorry Devs, I really put my trust into you.  You disappoint me with this taming feature you want to present.  This game is going to turn into a typical clone of Ark.  Next thing you know, you can ride aliens.Sorry, this game is not for me."
,Not Recommended,402710,35030784,Posted: 17 September,all,Nickenator8,"this game is painfully difficult to learn how to play. You get no instruction, no player tips, no tutorial, just a brief 30 second intro where you learn how to switch weaponsthe games UI is also very scattered and confusing, not telling you materials needed for numerous items until you unlock the ability to make it (making gathering resources for future builds/for friends impossible)The game has the potential to become something, but is currently a VERY rough alpha.would recommend waiting a couple years before trying it..."
,Not Recommended,402710,31656772,Posted: 9 May,all,sean_,Step 1: Fight crabsStep 2: Build a fortStep 3: Realize they forgot hydrogen and you literally can't do anything elseStep 4: ...Step 5: Dev makes money0/10 would not play again
76561198060245070,Not Recommended,402710,25827034,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,TicoTube,"I can feel the potential, but it's hard completing missions when I can only get 15 FPS on average. I'm running a GTX 1080 and that's what I get playing online. FPS improves to about 45 FPS when playing offline. This is all with average settings with 1080p resolution."
76561198153064286,Recommended,402710,25793135,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,❄ ❄️ ❄️ ❄️ ❄,"WENR5UI2O34J23OM42O3IJFOPDW,L;E123412DSAE124126TUIY9TY87567567567"
76561198277454680,Not Recommended,402710,32026773,Posted: 28 May,all,pretzelcat,"my god, you know what I would love, if I could actully get past the screen that says""enter"" oh yeah, I can't get past that screen, the game won't allow me to click enter so i can play. I got past the screen once but when I did and made a character and whatnot the game was laggy;like,batman arkham knight laggy,granted the game is beautiful, and I appreciate the detail put into it, but good graphics don't compensate for poor performance issues. also I have a slight problem with the A.I., remember when I said I got the game to work? well during that time when I tried to gather resouces, every-time I started to mine i would get attacked by a skeliopod and they took huge bites out of my health leading me to spend a solid two minutes on one skeliopod due to lag, poor sensitivity controls, my pistol barely damaging it,and, the fact that I would nearly die every time i would try and fight. all of these problems happened at the same time and these instances happened multiple times. please at least fix the entrance screen because I bought this beta full-price and i would like to play it"
76561198214303753,Not Recommended,402710,25951909,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Arbitrary Adventures,"Had to get a refund as the game simply wont open, (fails to initialize, requests i open the game through steam... which i was already doing) re installed, same problem. Looked up the problem on google, realize there's no fix. So all in all, can't play because ehduno?"
76561198098076552,Not Recommended,402710,35009990,Posted: 16 September,all,Auserna,"Before i could even start the game, i couldn't start the game as once you create your character or ""avatar"" and set up server rules i couldn't click ""create"" to start the game.... there was no pop ups or warnings or anything, the option highlighted but did nothing when clicked...So i went to google and found out it couldn't start because the username for my avatar had a ♥♥♥♥ing space in it...No in game help forcing me to go to google around 5 times in the short span of 2 hours..Too many hoops to jump through to build basic structures with no explenation on where to find the primary resources or what they look like nor where to craft the secondary resources..... and... sigh...Too much running around taking hours to find resources leading to frustration which isn't fun.REALLY.. i spent 1hr just looking for titanium... I don't want to experience that again..When did i break and finally throw it all in saying ""♥♥♥♥ it i'm done"" ?Found out i needed rubber to build walls to a single structure unit that once build didn't even come with walls, so i searched looking for rubber before resorting to google which described a tree with mushrooms which luckily i found, harvested, went back to base and i had no idea where to craft tree bark stuff into rubber... so what do i do? ♥♥♥♥ing googled... again.... found out i needed to unlock and craft a chemical station...♥♥♥♥ it..I'm tired of seeing google.Really would love to get into it as the game looks great... but i am getting sick and tired of games where i spend most of it running around and googling rather than enjoying myself."
76561198052740618,Not Recommended,402710,25780935,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Glade,"The game looks promising, but too many bugs, the current state is pre-alpha. Textures not loading, noclip. I wish all the best to the devs, hope they will make it in to awesome space survival. Not reccomending the game in this current state."
,Not Recommended,402710,25761186,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,TerrorAU,"Very limited options in character setup, Display resolution settings are in reverse to normal (why?). If you are an Australian gamer, probably best to wait until they have Australian Servers. I was unable to connect most of the time and when I could connect I would get disconnected 30-45seconds later."
,Not Recommended,402710,25782590,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Ryuuhei,"Playing for just a while, but I'm more disappointed.First thing is, the game is laggy in multiplayer. So much, it's barely playable. And because in singleplayer it runs smoothly, then there is some weird thing going on.Second thing - the structure capacity is limited to 40 buildings for one planet, then unable to complete missions, because one of them is to build inflatable dome. It realtes also to missions disappearing and unknown method of gaining XP.This game has very huge potential, as you probably can leave the planet and visit the other ones (why there would be rocket option then), it has also really nice graphics, but functionality of alpha is barely any good. Better to wait for updates."
76561198254731264,Not Recommended,402710,28576134,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Twitchy,"A drudgerous, ugly and artistically uninspired crafting survival effort that is best avoided completely given how many other great titles there are in the genre. Absolutely not worth the price it's being sold for in its current state of playability.If you've ever played subnautica, you will be familiar with the crafting system and...well, pretty much every other mechanic, system, and mode of objective in the game. It is, excuse me, merely  a reskinned, re-themed version of Subnautica. There are some noticable differences, and those are:A) The alien life encountered in Osiris is trite, unvaried and predictable. One common species is the 'Crab Monster'; WOW creative department, you really knocked it out of the ♥♥♥♥ing park! I've seen better monsters sketched in crayon on butcher's paper and stuck to refrigerators. Very, very low-rent stuff. Oh--sometimes you'll run into the odd trilobite and dead space esque multi-limbed arachno-man monster. The AI is garbage, incidentally, and the fights are unchallenging.B) The terrain and general topography is to the landscape what the crab monster is to the alien species; boring and banal. a mars-like area punctuated by the odd rock and hillock, some more trite botanical species and sometimes a cave, containing more of the same ♥♥♥♥♥♥ monsters you see everywhere else.C) The movement penalty system is the worst I have experienced in any game, and that is not hyperbole. Expect to spend 85% of the game running, waiting to get back oxygen, running, waiting to get back oxygen, over and over and over and over again ad nauseum in an environment that is about as visually stimulating/ interestingas the surface of a gram cracker.  Physics and gravity are well below expectatios for a game set in space/extraterrestrial environments.In fact, if I had to sum this game up succintly it would be thusly:Osiris is a game in which you spend a lot of time moving around slowly in an empty landscape collecting  insane, completely insane amounts resources to build things you don't care about that will help you better survive encounters with aliens who weren't a challenge to begin with and there's no practical advantage to defeating anyway.D) There's two weapons,--a pistol and assualt rifle. Neither feel great, That isn't to say the shooting mechanics are awful, thery're just meh. The structures you can build are, like everything else in the game, limited and predictable.E) Because the game is so very very boring and there's so very little to do or look at, the devs have ( like  parsimonius Coprophagiacs spreading s h i t thinly over toast to stretch it out for future use) tried to expand the gameplay by making you gather absurd amounts of resources to build any of the high end structures or items. It's beyond grindy and it's about as enjoyable and intelligible as drawing out a prostrate examination over 24 hours having first equpped the procotologist with one of those novelty foam fingers you see at baseball games.Look, if you're after a crafting survival experience, and haven't played subnautica, go buy that instead, because it's superiror and more enjoyable in every aspect. There is literally no aspect of Osiris that does anything better. Or simply buy No man's sky. Or Ark survival evolved. Or seven days to die. Or the forest, or alternatively a bottle of vodka and a box of chicken fingers. Anything other than this glitter-sprinkled turd of the genre. My most regreattble purchase of 2016. Was not issued a refund having played a mere 3 1/2 hours.score:3/10."
,Not Recommended,402710,27777208,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Frosted Franks,refund button works! 10/10
,Not Recommended,402710,26122754,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,👉RaZ👈,"Joined the game. I'm all happy to start building my base but when I am about to place a structure it says ""this planet has already reached the building capacity"". Apparantly I did some research and this bug its been sitting on this game for 3 weeks and still no fix. This is unacceptable and will demand a refund because this game is garbage. You can't build but all you can do is run around like a retard and shoot aliens...LACK of players in multiplayer as well.DO NOT BUY!!!!"
76561198088840739,Not Recommended,402710,29902659,Posted: 13 February,all,Badcat118,"ive played this game for about 10 hours now and from what i can see its very fun but it has major drawbacks 1 being THE ♥♥♥♥ING CRYPTEXES they are so awfull. theres very little satelites on the area of a planet thats not completely flat and barren with nothing around but a few rocks so people dont see how lazy the developers are that they build anout 1/10 of the ""planet"" and these satelites can be mined and you get these cryptexes from them 1 or 2 from each satelite and you get about 3 goes to try to i guess hack them and get a blueprint but they are sooo bad that you end up gett ffrustrated at the little ♥♥♥♥ers because you only get about 30 moves which sounds like a lot but its not and if you fail these then you lose the cryptex and the path light blueprint you get from them. the only blueprint ive found. secondly the map shows all these planets but i spent about 40 minutes flying to one and it didnt get bigger or closer. ic an only assume that they are just textures to make it look like the universe is populated EVEN IN NO MANS SKY YOU COULD GO TO MORE THAN ONE ♥♥♥♥ING MOON AND 1 PLANET. the game doesnt have that much in the way of things to do after you build a spaceship which only really takes 2 hours. there is a bio dome which you can grow stuff in. BUIT THERES NO ♥♥♥♥ING SEEDS TO PLANT SO ITS A WASTE OF SPACE. i know this is an early acces game and its being developed but for 20 ♥♥♥♥ING POUNDS theres about 10 pounds of content here. when you start you have these missions to complete. like little tutorials but theres about 2-3 of these so your constantly searching the internet to find out how gasses work and how to get lithium. so to conclude lazy planet design. useless structures. planets youll never reach and cancerous blueprints which decode into the same thing. and its 20 ♥♥♥♥ING POUNDS. tell you what go down to the docks and ask to see old meg you'll get more for your money down there than with this♥♥♥♥♥♥excuse for a game. now onto the good thingsruns really wellmultiplayerand thats it£20 seriously?"
76561198046164389,Not Recommended,402710,25868661,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,OVER DRIVE,"Pretty good for an early access.However you can still feel the similar emptiness that was in NMS, it's just less in this game due to better assets and diversity. Once you pass a certain threshhold you will find there's nothing else to do.But overall still got good potential, but I wont recommend it for now.2016/10/5"
,Not Recommended,402710,26539428,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Perkele,The FPS in this game blows no matter what settings you change. Logged in the game on the next day after purchase just to see all bases and items disappear. I wouldn't recomend the game cause it's nothing what trailer showed me.
,Not Recommended,402710,31470755,Posted: 30 April,all,BillyBad,"The latest version makes the game unplayable. Yea, another ""Early Access"" which will never go to release."
,Not Recommended,402710,32753701,Posted: 24 June,all,joacko02,you need a computer made by the nasa to run this damn game!!!
,Not Recommended,402710,35082845,Posted: 20 September,all,I4P3T0S,DisconnectByServerLogic all the time. Can't login every 2nd day!
76561197981296097,Not Recommended,402710,26406210,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,aperfectcircle_21,"ok- THIS IS A WARNING!!! this is no where nedar beta or playable. Many of the items you need cant be built. many of the monsters cant be killed with the weaponry provided, and monsters will follow you for kilometers...if you can out run them.Sad, but it may have promise once they work on it some more. not for 24 bucks. burned me on this one. I undertand a beta game andx have several in my library that i play often as updates come about to see progress. this simply isnt ready. its not the bugs....its nothing it ready. this should still be in early development....not early access."
,Not Recommended,402710,25937849,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,twitch.tv/HealableZero,"I'm probably going to get flamed for this review but I cannot give it a good rating until it's more progressed. I originally saw that it had 'Mostly Positive' reviews and about 2,000 active players. With that, I thought ""Well... Looks fairly successful so I'll give it a try."" I spent a couple of weeks debating if this was going to be the game that I wanted to spend money on as my new 'early access binge'. Well, I spent all of 6 minutes in the game and realized I shouldn't have jumped the gun. This is my personal opinion so keep it friendly... This is only based on my play style and what I enjoy in a game and what my personal expectations are for an early access alpha asking for $24.99.Dear Diary,As soon as I booted up 'Osiris: New Dawn', the graphics and vibe felt nice. Looked familiar. Felt familiar. It currently has very basic character customization but you can't be picky when it's this early into production and the game looks like it promises a lot more if you're into that kind of thing.I thought ""No big deal... Still looks sweet..."". I made my neon-green space pirate and entered the main menu. Basic but simple enough. I clicked 'multiplayer' because that's what I personally look for in a game. There is an option to create a private server, most likely to play with friends and there is also a single player option if you just absolutely refuse to play with others and you get satisfaction by endlessly floating around on a moon in the vast space by yourself against angry alian bugs. I can't imagine very many people choose this option... But again thats MY taste in games. A game like this(to me) needs to be enjoyed with a group of good friends or online with strangers who want to seek colonization and survival.Server selection popped up. If I remember correctly, it's very blunt. You get to pick from Server 1 all the way to server 7 and half of the servers have no players while the other 4 servers have between 2 and 6 players on them out of 20(might have been 10)... The point i'm trying to make is that my initial vibe that I'd be playing with 2,000 other players sadly became severely wrong. What I thought would be an epic spawn of players all searching for the same goal to destroy the hungry, relentless alien onslaught while building a base to live out our final days in hourly fear that ''TODAY JUST MIGHT BE MY LAST DAY ON THIS DEATHROCK!!! MY LAST HOUR!!!'' Actually turned out quite lonely. So, I picked a server with 6 players. Joined it and was kindly greeted by another player... And theeeeen I realized that my helmet was cracked, the oxygen was leaking, and I had about 2.2 seconds to use the tape in my hands to patch it(NUM 3 on the keyboard ;))... Which I did NOT do(BTW) and ended up getting to 0% oxygen before I finally patched it, so my character stumbled around like a drunk chick during mardi gras...First mission statement.. I repeat the FIRST mission after you patch your helmet is simply ""Build an inflatable Dome"". I figured ""Okay, cool, this is probably exactly what I need to catch my breath(literally) and relax. So, I opened my inventory, right clicked on the Dome and selected ""build"".... Error.... ""This planet is at max structural capacity"" ...ooookay. Sooo I can't even finish the first mission? Fine... I'll stumble around the planet drunk and meet the townsfolk... I got a few steps and the server crashed. Fine.... It booted me back to the main screen so I tried to enter the server... Crashed once more... FINE!... This time I closed the game entirely and restarted the whole thing. I picked my neon green space pirate and decided to pick a less populated server(6 is hardly populated -.-)... so I went with a server that had 2 whole players on it. Once joined, I knew... I KNEW to pop out my tape(NUM 3 on the keyboard) and I taped that ish. I figured ""this is a great time to start my colony... What do I say when I meet the new townsfolk? What will we call our colonoy of space heathens?...SPEATHENS... AND again, I was greeted by a player and he just stared at me with his flashlight... I started wandering away and he kept running in front of me... with his flashlight.. ""BRO! I am trying to find a good place for my dome. Step aside or be an outsider to the Speathens."" he said ""sorry"". I went into my inventory, I right clicked my Dome annnnndd!!! error ""This planet is at max structural capacity"" ARE. YOU. SERIOUS...FINE. I DON'T CARE. I DON'T WANT A DOME OR THIS DUMB MISSION... So Flashlight and I decided to wander around.. what did we find? Ore... Ore... Aliens... More ore... I paused and looked at Flashlight.. I said ""Flashlight... Why are we collecting ore If the whole point of the ore is to build stuff if we can't even build stuff..."" He turned off his flashlight, walked up to me... Helmet-to-helmet, looked me in my reflective mask and said ""iunno"".All of this took place in under 10 minutes. I wandered around on a giant empty rock for a little bit longer and logged off... The community of online players seemed just as lost and the only ones who knew what was going on already created the Speathen nations and they were either offline or long gone and their structures remained so that nobody else could enjoy the servers.Even though I made a new friend named Flashlight who had a mutual goal to create the Speathen nation and unite our people against the bugs... I couldn't even build an inflatable bubble to rest. With that said I didn't buy this Pre-Release Alpha to play in offline mode alone... Until this game progresses way beyond where it currently is, I simply cannot recommend it as a game worth trying right now. If any of these things are what you want in a game just wait a bit. Little to no customization. Little to no explanation of current play. Literally no online community, unless you bring your friends along. Dead servers. Can't build anything. Buggy movements. No scenery to enjoy, beyond rocks, since you can't build on public servers to even test bugs to report unless you decide to play alone.All-in-all the online play should just be taken down for now until it's in a better position because it doesn't even function as it should if it's not showing any promise of near-future trial."
,Not Recommended,402710,25911833,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Comrade Term,"It has potential right now, but I would wait until it gets some serious reworking. Multiplayer is broken at the moment and resource generation seriously needs to be reworked. Overall, this is something to keep on your wishlist and wait until it gets more updates."
76561197971828236,Not Recommended,402710,25969115,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Shriker,This game is unplayable for me at the moment.Rebinding the movement keys got borked in some previous update and cycle through weapons as well as moving your character.Game is way too Alpha for me.
76561198018926443,Not Recommended,402710,26035043,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Yohi,"I got this game with moderate hopes and unfortunately it barely delivered on those. Don't get me wrong, this game has excellent potential but in its current state it isn't worth the price.I play a variety of space and survival games but Osiris managed to some how dodge a lot of the good elements of both of these genres. I found the world generation tedious to traverse early game (which is what you spend the first few hours doing). The crafting is good in its system but there isn't enough variety to immerse yourself in the world. Without the apparently glitchy multiplayer this game comes across as if I've gotten very lost in Rust and more lonely than my Saturday evenings."
,Not Recommended,402710,29173137,Posted: 10 January,all,Joker,Log in for the first time and in 1min I'm already out of air? then the game dosen't tell you how to get more air just died after 3-5min of playing... A game that kills you in under 3mins when you first start and dosen't show you what to do to breath... that is not fun!
,Not Recommended,402710,26063741,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Keelah Se'lai | Wildcase.com,i ♥♥♥♥ing walked around for 4 hours just to find one material and i still couldnt find it.
,Not Recommended,402710,26041624,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,bubbiee,"played for almost three hours straight and about 45min of it had clear weather. the sandstorms have very low visibility and are nearly constant. the other weather type, this weird smoke storm, is just as bad.i spent most of my time trying to find my base that i built because no gps, or any instructions on how to mark locations.. or how to do anything really.this game is not worth the money right now, its not even worth a detailed review."
,Not Recommended,402710,29881037,Posted: 12 February,all,TheModernMan,"I play a LOT of games on Steam, and this is the first one I got a refund on for performance reasons. This game is horribly optimized. Changing tabs in any menu caused huge pauses and freezing even on the lowest settings, while being above reccomended specs. On more than one occassion it crashed while doing so. This game is so hopeless, I requested a refund. I don't see performance that bad ever getting fixed to a point where it'll be enjoyable. Right now it's not even playable."
76561198002448848,Not Recommended,402710,25780487,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Pipuk,I have a GTX 780 Ti graphics card and a i7 4960x processor there is still stuttering in the game play and the screen does not fit inside the window boarders.
76561197997708628,Not Recommended,402710,25875878,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Pirate,"Save your Money and watch the youtube videos instead of buying this demos called an ""alpha"" game.Pros-awsome graphics-cool beasts to kill-great fluid gameplaycons-the demo is 25 bucks-the map is a single little area and that is it-only a few items to craft-on multiplayer servers you cant build anything because other people already have-you walk around for hours trying to find some materials and cannot and end up realizing that you have accomplished nothing-terrible glitches and horrible menu interface-unrealistic intro, you basically spawn, pick up some items, walk around , shoot some stuff, build a few things, then die, then give up because the game is only 10% completeA word of advise to game devs.Stop charging people half of the price of a complete game for a game that is 10% complete.Gamers will feel ripped off that you sold them a demo instead of a game that you called ""alpha"""
,Not Recommended,402710,31824592,Posted: 18 May,all,tautvydas.naudziunas,its very low fps and new content is garbage.
76561198083046118,Not Recommended,402710,29374320,Posted: 20 January,all,sainsbury is jewish,DONT BUY THIS GAME IT WAS TOO LATE FOR MY REFUND NOT TO LATE FOR YOUthis game suffers from terrible bugs-game crashes almost every 10 minutes setting you back about 2 minutes of gameplay-when you die your items somtimes disappear-vehicles disappear-flying and driving is buggy-terrible hitboxesBUT MOST OF ALL THIS GAME IS ONLY WORTH 5 HOURS OF GAMEPLAY THERE IS NO REPLAY VALUE ITS BORING AND REPETITIVE      DO NOT BUY THIS♥♥♥♥♥♥GAME
,Not Recommended,402710,34380820,Posted: 20 August,all,locutis692003,"I want my money back! The day night sheduling is too fast, you can't mine even on casual because you will get attacked and it's entirly to glitchy to play. I want a refund, this game is garbage!"
76561198017736898,Not Recommended,402710,26236753,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Nature Nik,"Alright, first off... I'm not recommending this game as of now.. For the cost of the game, there is very little content. Is the game bad? Not at all. It has a ton of potential, and is much more promising than the other ""space survival games"". Here's some pro's and con's.Pros:-Fancy graphics-ACTUAL Multiplayer-pretty decent crafting/building (simple)-weather is ""realistic"" in a senseCons:-Cost.. $25 for yet another really early alpha.-a little laggy, graphic settings aren't 100% customizable-Monsters are always hostile, and ther are only a handfull of species-It's really, really slow to start.. Took me and a friend at least an hour just to start a basic storage/forge.-Nothing to do aside from build a base and explore a completely barren planet.I may reconsider the game when it has much more content, but as of now there is hardly a few hours of worth while gameplay."
76561198368651057,Not Recommended,402710,32525223,Posted: 17 June,all,MoneyMan9932,I would not reccomend getting this game if u have a windows computers (especially with windows 8-10) because for some reason the title screen is glitched and u can't actually play the game.  I hope the devs fix this soon.
,Not Recommended,402710,26266282,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Rivan,"i am disappointed, i cannot join multiplayer server, hope you guys fix it"
76561198004610721,Not Recommended,402710,25774938,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Neriken,"In its current state its unplayable; the lag on EVERY server is beyond fustrating. Shame on them for releasing so early in the condition multiplayer is in. If you dont mind single player, buy it; but this game clearly meant for multiplayer; WAIT till they clear up the horrendous lag issues to buy the game. Definately promising if and when they can get it sorted out. Though not sure i have alot of faith  with smaller developers; takes them forever, if at all to fix issues. Take ARK for example. VERY promising game, with serious mob lag issues that werent touched, matter of fact leap frogged to a DLC. It wasnt budget issues clearly, can bet its an issue that mostlikely unfixable. EA doesnt excuse a NON functioning game; especially when you charge money. Dont mind bugs, random disconnects, items disappearing, normaly EA issues. Ultimately can be a very promising game; but safe bet they scared off a very large number of players; in this generation loyalty lasts half a second; which will drive off tolerant players due to lack of community. Killing the game slowly. Need to fire whoever advised you to release without more testing on multiplayer servers."
76561198175318859,Recommended,402710,31363816,Posted: 25 April,all,( ),It is a great survival game even to rival minecraft!
,Not Recommended,402710,25757891,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Lilin,"I love space survival games, but this is not the only new space survival game in development, and it's not really doing anything new or interesting just yet.Right now this game has too many issues to be playable for very long.Multiplayer is entirely unplayable, not because of server issues, but because of bugs such as inventory boxes not syncing correctly and deleting them selves or overwriting items added by other players, and various similar annoying bugs like that. Forget co-op entirely.Initial looks based on developer decisions on design choices tell me its probably going to be a very mediocre game.Right now, there are very few things about the game that won't annoy you and it feels much more like a tech demo than something that is ready for early access players.Based on what I have seen so far, I'm still in question if it's even worth supporting.In my opinion, they could have polished it a lot more before pushing it to early access, as it doesn't take more than one person to tell all the issues this game has.Try again in 3 months to a year when they have had time to fix the huge list of issues and added some actual content.This review will be changed or deleted after a few major patches."
,Not Recommended,402710,25811295,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,=^_^=,"Just another sandbox game. The slider on customizability is a bit lower than things like ARK or Rust, but in return you get nicer looking stuff. The game does't seem to do anything fresh or new, but if you're in the market for sci-fi themed (instead of post-apocalypse) sandbox or just haven't played the multitude of other games in the same vein it might be worth giving it a try."
,Not Recommended,402710,26185586,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,A320VaporTrail,NEW ISSUES - when you tell your bot to flank - you can't get him to come back to you.  SOOOooooo I had put a bunch of resources in him to carry.  told him to flank me and could not get the resourse back.  I reboot to get him to stop flanking me and that cleared out all the resources I collected about 45 mins. down the toilet.I know this is early access but still ticked me off and I quit playing.  going to give this game some time to let someone else work out the bugs and not waste my time.UPDATE TO ISSUE BELOW - restarted game - that reset hitmarks to workYou need resources - you find resources - you try to harvest resources - NOPE!The hit markers are horrible - beyond horrible.  there is a HUGE block of resources in front of you.  You walk up and it hit nothing - you're swing at nothing.  move mouse one tiny tick to right and bam! hit. move tiny tick and nothing.   it's like trying to hit the side of a barn when you are two inches from the middle of the barn but the barn is coded so badly that only one invisible spot of the barn will actually register a hit... frustrations to the max.
76561197999122279,Not Recommended,402710,28029177,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,wykkyd,clumsy and boring...if you have no life and want to spend a ot of it doing nothing this is the game for you
76561198348872843,Not Recommended,402710,28263250,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,jakewooley2003,This game lags too much. It needs some fixes and a better fps. My computer meets all the requirements and it still runs slow.
76561198191425227,Not Recommended,402710,30606636,Posted: 18 March,all,(╯ಠ益ಠ)╯︵ ┻━┻,"I would not recommend this game to anyone yet, it still needs a bit of work done to it from the game mechanics to the graphics for example: i can get at most 20 fps and to note i don't have a crud PC but it's not at the top of the line either it's an inbetween and i can run games that have better graphics even in low settings at 70fps, there is no consle commads which sucks for me because how i usually play a game is that i mess with cheats  first, then play it for real (examples of games that i mess around in: fallout nv, 3, and 4, unturned, killing floor, ETC.), and i honestly like the premise of the game it reminds me of Ark: survival evolved and the movie martian the creatures are interesting in their designs and movement, the vehicles are nice aswell so if this game gets some more improvments like a consle command promt and more graphic configuration i will come back to this game"
76561197970823126,Not Recommended,402710,30947891,Posted: 4 April,all,liteglow,"This look so promising, open map full of.... nothing...Walk for 1 hour, allien kill me and you start all over again searching for a med kit..Walk for 1 hour, alien almost kill me, serching for a med kit... alien kill you and you start all over again.Walk for 1 hour, alien kill you, start over again.Walk for 1 hour, alien almost kill you, search for med kit... you died... start over again.Uninstall game..."
,Not Recommended,402710,26650472,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Killian Jones,Was enjoying this gamer untill i encountered PVP. I just want to point this out. If you do not get the first shot it is imposible and i meen imposible to fite back because you loose controle of your player and you start flailing about and turning round. You cannot turn to shoot the other person you are Done for. Its the worst PvP system i have ever enconterd.
,Recommended,402710,26692802,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Jihadi Jones,SUCH DANK MUCH WOW 10/10 WOULD REFUND AGAIN
76561197963631250,Not Recommended,402710,25792723,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Drunk_nescafe,This can be a good game. BUT fix respawn time of enemies and that all material taken in storage can be auto crafted. It’s a nightmare to run back and forth different storage to figure out where items is stored.The AI for the robot is so bad. It works fine as a follower but to guard your camp or go mine of its one.And cut down at production cost of items. It’s just run back and forth different minerals at this time. It’s not a survival game but a sightseeing tour of mars.Again this can be a good game with time. As it is now I would have waited for a lot of minor bug fixes and AI fixes.
76561197970335957,Not Recommended,402710,26213376,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Sickboy,"Right now i'd say no, stay away and save your money for a time when it's running right.Imagine doing a load of work in Rust, building a wee house, collecting lots of things, only to come on the next day and your house and everything you collected is gone. Well that's kinda what Osiris: New Dawn is right now.There's a saving game bug that you're not told about and will inevitably come up against. It has also been an issue from day one (if you read the forum) You'll start a game, within a private server and do all the setup work and play, when you come back everything you have done will be gone, lost somewhere in space forever.Not only has this not been fixed, but they've not removed the ability to host a private game and therefore people keep running into this issue without even knowing when they 1st start. It's a broken feature when it does not have to be, as all they have to do is remove the ability to host a private server, as the public servers save without issue.Lots of in game bugs and half the things in the game don't work or do nothing, it should not been be shown in early access, this game needs a few light years."
76561198281342850,Not Recommended,402710,25784086,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Tic,"Who knows what this game may become in the future but paying $25 for it right now... NO! It's not worth it.It's a shell of a game that is understandably buggy and un optimized. There really is little to nothing to do in the game outside of gather a handful of resources and craft a handful items on a map that can be completely explored in 20 minutes. To make it even worse you can't even play on the official servers because all the servers have ""reached their structure limit"". If they were asking $1 for this game i wouldn't have requested a refund but it's not worth anything more than that in it's current state.DO NOT BUY right now."
76561197972632139,Not Recommended,402710,25950543,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Crux,"I can't bring myself to recommend this game in its current state. If you are OK with a single player experience then maybe it will work out for you, but multiplayer is completely broken.For starters, there's 100 servers, and every single one of them has reached max build limit. That's right, you can't build on ANY of the 100 servers, which basically means there's no multiplayer. It's been like this since launch, and their only solution is to add more servers (which quickly hit this arbitrary build limit). I mean how hard is it to make buildings decompose, or put a limit per person? The devs really messed this one up. Total thumbs down for this reason."
,Not Recommended,402710,25860338,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Thrallord,"An Early-Access game that feels like a fantasy Mars expedition simulator, or a spiceless Arrakis.It's not that I believe this game isn't good, I just believe that in its current state the game should probably be put on a waiting list for you to purchase if you enjoy survival games. It has potential, but it also can be VERY similar to already established ""Early-Access"" survival games (Which seem to never escape that title). For more information I have provided a link to a quick review that hits some bullet points.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rPmG-mInDNA"
76561198167001546,Not Recommended,402710,31558316,Posted: 5 May,all,tryst49,"This is EA but really, even a newbie developer tests their code before they release it for others to test. There are so many bugs that are blatant and should have been picked up in development before it even got to the game. It's a shame because the idea of the game is pretty good, I just wish it was developed by a team with the intelligence to test their code before they release it as updates.Although I have said I wouldn't recommend it, I will leave that open. Maybe in a few months it might be playable but right now, it's riddled with bugs which make it totally unplayable."
,Not Recommended,402710,25870368,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Jarmenkell,I cannot connect to the multiplayer at all. servers are just awrful right now.no support from anywhere. until this is not fixed. i cannot encourage anyone to buy this.
,Not Recommended,402710,26056066,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,DDC | Bula_ZA,"I can't believe this game is so broken. It truly is a great game and I love the fact that it's so much like the movie Martian. I love to collect all the minerals and build stuff, but to spend 5 hours a session playing th game and collecting everything. I lose connection and everything is lost. My character is still there, but all the things i collected and crafted is gone!!!I would really appreciate it if I could have my money back as this game is not playable at this point. I believe this game has a lot of potential and I have already spent so many hours playing it. At this point I don't recommend spending money on this game and wait for the game to launch next year as the developers said. Hopefully they launch a complete game by then and something unique."
,Not Recommended,402710,25926713,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Krug,"This game is totaly bugged, good idea but their is to many default.The map is to little and monster are no dangerous."
,Not Recommended,402710,28766953,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Quack,"Honestly, i bought the game expecting a MAJOR world explorer. A fun, adventure filled environment filled with monsters that glitch out and break everytime you kill them. I tried to join my friends server, and the game kept on crashing. Also, the graphics were nothing like the screenshots, even on max settings. Lastly, Everytime I tried to go exploring, a giant worm jumped out of the ground and ate me. There's no point in the game. Mindless grinding for materials that you can only carry five of before you're encumbered so badly that you walk like a midget with autism. It just wasn't fun. The game was deathlt slow paced, the guns feel like crap, everythings buggy, it's not ready to even be in early access. It should still be in development. this is a product of rushed work and I can't stand paying good money for a game that isn't ready to be released. Hope you guys find this helpful, It's too sad seeing people buy stuff then hate it because it sucks."
,Recommended,402710,25957657,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,The Prince of Darkness,I have to say this is only week sence the launch of erly accsess. And by god im loven it. As to be expected when buying a game still its infincey there are alot of bugs. but thats why we buy it. To report the bugs and send feedback. The game as is now. Is awsum and i cant wait for the marine and eginear classes aswell as all the other cool content yet to come.So now to the ultimate question....is it worth buying? In my openion hell yeah it is. keep in mind guys the devs are a two man team. So  this is some impresive♥♥♥♥♥♥to have right off the start. Thers also a sorta Base diffence mechanic. if u stay at base at night. its alil buggy sometimes they never attack. Sometimes they spawn right as the sun comes up and the fun is shortlived. (supposed to attack at dawn of night.)  But yeah support the devs buy the game. Lets see If we as gamers can work with the devs send feedback and make this what no mans sky should of ben. Its only goona be a Solar systum keep in mind. However trust me Biger isent always beter no mans sky obviasly proves that.
76561198133320291,Recommended,402710,32044216,Posted: 29 May,all,ChocLover557,I have a problem with the fact that when I press enter to get onto the game I cannot load any of my saves or even start a new one. The game is running and the start screen is displayed but I cannot do anything
76561198017702155,Not Recommended,402710,26238321,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,intelligentperspective,"Multiplayer servers are hopeless.They have build caps and you start on a ""starting world"" unable to build anything. You get griefed quite often trying to destroy someones elses stuff just to open space on the world to build a basic structure.People will roam around and kill you for your starting gear.The game is visually attractive and has a lot of potential but until they fix multiplayer start world build caps id stay away.Unless you start your own multiplayer server that is."
76561197973290072,Not Recommended,402710,28474483,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Liability,"Looks like the game could be fun but the airlock to your structures keep telling you to fix the issue before it works and you cant fix it! So you build a new one try again and the same happens again..... Did it 5 times looked online for help tried 5 more times got fed up and now will wait till they fix it! Got loads of EA games so not complaining about the bugs but without this working you cant progress beyond the most basic structures. NEEDS TO BE SORTED ASAP as its a huge problem! Gutted really! Wait till you buy, seriously WAIT TILL YOU BUY!"
76561198004895838,Not Recommended,402710,28491032,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Wargasm,No mouse sensitibility option? Really?
76561198007578067,Not Recommended,402710,25876250,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,False Compassion,"Well to sum it up      (paid $24.99 US)*Single player ...what you build stays there*Private multiplayer,,, server you make stays on your list to join but what ever you make vanishes when you leave, I was wishing I could make my own private world with my friends, something like Terraria. (building limit stinks)*Multiplayer server....dont bother*Price... at one time they gave out some free, then some for a few dollars now its $25 US dollars. I understand they  need money to progress the game but to be fair the game is worth maybe $10 and down the road they could do some add on for a small fee once the game works to help with funding the game.*I think....there is a 25% chance this game will be made into something fun to play, the rest is up in the air to the point where we will forget it ever existed and it will be in the bargain bin for games that cost under $5 dollarsRate.. (No) I do not give a recommend due to I seen to many game in so called alpha/beta that charge like the game was almost finish and in return the game is stuck in limbo with no or very little progress **example** buying games like ""No Man Sky"" for $60 dollars that were worth $15 or lessWait until game is more complete or on sale"
,Recommended,402710,30845318,Posted: 30 March,all,Narsh,>__< freaky creepy planet!!
76561198124706762,Not Recommended,402710,28719786,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,KGHOST,There should be a creative mod to allow people to build and explore without getting bored from collecting resources
,Not Recommended,402710,31161230,Posted: 15 April,all,SB,"quests are only limited to tutorial stuff...looks nice but animations need some serious revamping...3rd person sucks completely...need to have more custimization for keybindings, plus fix help text etc. so that it gives proper keybinding...flashlight is extremely limited range, width is huge for how short distance is...needs to have better LOD distances...mining is odd, weird combinations of metals/minerals/etc.refining ore/etc. into products has odd outputs that are not correct...no NPC's to hire/recruit for your singleplayer game etc...proper PvE is lacking completely...cannot imagine how bad PvP is like any/all MMOsneed more automation/robots/etc.need to not be a similar (or direct) clone of ARK..."
,Not Recommended,402710,26360875,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Lozo [Sealand] Trioxide,Its an ok game from the short time i played it for but it is very laggy. Im getting about 15-20 fps on a pretty good system.Ill probably recomend when it becomes less laggy
76561197976770935,Not Recommended,402710,25775075,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Murder Boner,"Tried it - refunded.I like the concept.. kinda like an ARK in space - it just fails on delivery.I spend the majority of my trial time looking for minerals which involved very unfun running around a huge area. None of the wonder and excitement i felt in ARK is present, I just felt like I was playing a game designed to cruise past 2 hours of content with no real idea or hope of good things to come after that period.The icing on the cake for me was when multiplayer just did not work on ANY server even though they say they are populated I could not connect.It has the potential to be a good game in the future, it feels like it has some decent foundations but at present it just really is too early to access.NO for now."
,Not Recommended,402710,25917923,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,madlarkin8,None of the (few) systems so far implemented work properly. this is hardly alpha stage IMO.
76561198044060889,Not Recommended,402710,28643044,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Gigoveth,"If you are looking for a game you will enjoy - this is not one of them. Reasons? Plenty.First of all I tried PvE server - just to learn something about the game, but in contact with other players. Logged onto first EU server just to find out that for some reason my helmet got damaged (no idea what caused it though). Found some tape (!!!), patched it, 3 more steps - again - critical breach, loss of oxygen (I was still in spawn zone). Still no idea what damaged my suit. And the spawn zone is literally littered with starter buildings of other players. After 1 death and a few close calls I decided to go for single player. Game started, I picked up some stuff around spawn point... and got attacked by an alien of some sort. Bloody quick alien too. By sheer luck,  when running for my life, I found a robotic assistant. It killed that alien - YAY! And word of advice - when playing in single player - set alien damage to low. Otherwise you might not go too far. Found first nodes with resources, built shelter. But... this strange feeling that my char was moving like a sleepy snail was a bit too much for me. Literally as if the game was ""swimming in the tar simulator"" (not laggy though - no idea but it fel like a slow motion movie)This and weather - abbysmal would be way too delicate description. Rain, wind and what not seems to be normal conditions. Got the briefest possible spell of fair weather (don't not blink or you will miss the sun!) and back it went to the regular♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥rain and wind that tears your limbs away. And aliens - did I mention those buggers spawn every few steps? You kill one, get your stuff damaged (helmet needs patching again), off you go the the next node and here we go again - ALIEN!!! I did not play long enough to find out if there was day/night cycle - weather was enough. And anliens seems to be spawning regardless of time of the day/night. So after a day or two the helmet would be made mostly of the tape :)All this makes this ""survival"" game feel more like a torment. Bloody torture. So luckily there is the refund on Steam :) I am not the one for whips and handcuffs - not my kind of ""pleasure"" at all. So I shall keep my distance from this game."
,Not Recommended,402710,32304657,Posted: 9 June,all,theefetus,ummmm another♥♥♥♥♥♥ea game? hm.....
76561198039041537,Not Recommended,402710,25774228,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Ruby Rhod,"Looks cool, but so buggy it won't even play. Everytime you hit customize in the menu it just crashes....:( game needs work never can get it work."
76561198067797753,Not Recommended,402710,28515699,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Illuminati,"The game developers are allowing toxic players to stay around in the game without suffering any punishment for either bullying or asking people to kill them to commit suicide in real life for money. I've went through the proper steps to report this to steam, and osiris and no response yet. There were a couple nice people I have encountered on this game, but the vast majority of it are players who swarm you for trying to report something that needs reporting and as for the community they find these types of things a joke and flame any posts you make of it. Game developers if you are reading this  then I do hope you find a solution to weeding out players who are putting a bad name on your game before its too late. I do NOT reccomend this game!"
76561198043176786,Not Recommended,402710,31435402,Posted: 29 April,all,Miqel,A beautiful massive map with like 3 things in it. Takes forever to get anywhere in this game.
76561198129640218,Not Recommended,402710,31648171,Posted: 9 May,all,UKzSTILLFIX,DONT waste your money on this game it could be good but the freezing every 2 seconds for 30 seconds gets too much untill the devs sort it unplayable such a shame
76561198051161205,Not Recommended,402710,25799283,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Pennywise,"I would have to tell you to wait to get this game, I previously played it with my Friend and found out the lack of actual content in the game. The mineral's that you have to collect are not in any specific location other than randomly scattered around, so you might find a block of plutonium next to a berry tree.The game graphicly is amazing and I enjoyed the graphics alot but that is about all I enjoyed. Every single Mob wants to kill you, other than looking cool they are annoying as hell. I would not recommend this game in this state, it's got a long way to come before I think of buying it again.Its only 1.5gb to download, and oh yeah the space buildings are kinda fun to walk around."
,Not Recommended,402710,28701136,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Sylar,this game is a waste of time and money... Map is to small structure damage is silly easy no real point of playing this on MP.
76561198015936451,Not Recommended,402710,26011995,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Plebtonnia,"Prior to the recent patch I did not face any real issues, however in the last day or 2 everytime I have left the game all of my structures have been wiped. (Private Australian server with friends that have also experienced this). I hope the devs can fix this quickly so I can get back in to this game and change my recommendation status to positive!- a lot of potential here!"
,Not Recommended,402710,25810134,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Elmo,"After playing this game for over 8 hours, I was starting to have a very good time. The planet is empty for the most part, and the creatures just glitch around and are almost impossible to attack using melee. I was still able to find joy by making teamates and going on mieral/gas runs to further our base. Well now I have gotten on to our server only to find that a few of  our building pieces say they are owned by my Colony... BUT every piece of furniture I have placed inside is labeled UNOWNED. Multiple restarts and force kills did nothing to fix this. Everything all of those hours of work has now been rendered useless because the game doesnt recognize its mine, thus preventing me from accessing it and all the items in their inventories. Game ruining to be honest. My review will change once this is fixed, if it is fixed in a timely manner. Be careful investing your time into this game.. you might not be able to use your structures after you log off :D!"
,Not Recommended,402710,25955165,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,LoneDog,"Game is extremely buggy and crap.Me and a friend spent about 8 hours building a base, then when we got back the next day everything was gone....Seems to be a bug thats been around for 2weeks and they don't even give a message about it.♥♥♥♥♥♥game."
76561198008751762,Not Recommended,402710,25973612,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,naughty73,"Well I really like the game but don't like the glitches. For instance one resource you have to get is diamonds. And the only way in and out of a cave is 1 direction, Out is climbing and jumping up on rocks . I have tried 2 times and get wedged between the rocks and have to exit the game. SUCKS. It took me 45 minutes to get through the caves to get to the diamonds to just get stuck and exit the game And you can not see 1 foot ahead in the caves. Sick of trying over and over. Also Trying to gather gases with a small gas can sucks. For some reason game will not let you build a larger tank yet. You have to blow 2 yours running around to just get enough gas to make a few pieces of rubber. This game is a time trap with no outcome and that is what it is. A TIME TRAP.A trap like no mans sky to get past your refund time.  Done with the game. Plus the light you get is so dull it really does not help at all.  GAme is to early in development for purchase."
76561198044178008,Not Recommended,402710,26097012,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Caliclan,"I have obviously not played much so I can't comment completely on the games quality. As of now my game crashes every time I try to take the loot from the spawn crates. Also crashes if I try to close my inventory. This is an alpha game so it has very little to do as well. In the half an hour I was able to play without these crashes suddenly happening I did almost nothing. I set down the inflatable hub as the mission said, built a depository, then walked around looking for a resource until my game crashed on me for the first time. As of now its a negative on quality."
,Not Recommended,402710,26023316,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,✪ Gøøby ✟,"I'm incredibly interested in the future of this game, but as it is right now, I don't want it. Even at the lowest setting, it runs at 30 FPS max. The textures on the world seem lazy as of right now, even though most other things have a crazy amount of detail. It's not a bad game, but it isn't where it needs to be for me to spend my 25 dollars and keep the game. This game has serious potential though, and I expect it to be great in the future."
76561197974565488,Not Recommended,402710,25848151,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Psylencer,"Couldn't get it to run myself, all controls were locked out. no mouse and most keyboard controls non-functional."
76561198013301822,Not Recommended,402710,28720799,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,spud,"have just come back after 2 week layoff.The Screens are pixelated and barely legible, colours are bizarreI would blame my graphics card but I am running a GTX Titan X which has plenty of poke. Has anyone any ideas?"
76561197992011374,Not Recommended,402710,26049459,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,123,game not exacly in the bast shape to be played. whait for more content to be relased.
76561198059742327,Not Recommended,402710,28952794,Posted: 2 January,all,Cougar One,"I am giving it a thumbs down,  mainly because the servers has been down for over 12 hours  and not one response from anyone.I just got this game  and to me this is a deal breaker.  If you care so little about your fan base that you just don't even acknowledge them or let them know what the issue is  ,  this is just bad.  The game itself is okay  its a bit shallow  and feels just like the other exploring building type of games.   They all use the cheesy bad graphics  with the monsters and aliens that well looks like they don't spend to much time in designing them.I will say that the minerals that you mine, are pretty good looking.   I havnt been out in space yet  not sure whats that like.The game is umm it might be fun   but i wish  someone woudl spend some money for once and make a game with great graphics.Building is okay I guess nothing stands that makes you go wow this is cool,  well maybe the air lock part is okay.All in all.  if u get it for $20  its worth it,  anything other than that.    No its not worth it.The lack of response from devs,  makes me really  shake my head at this game,    and chalk it up as another game that could have been a decent one.  but as most of the games that steam supports,  they have♥♥♥♥♥♥poor follow through."
,Not Recommended,402710,26184223,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,merelyhere,OK. Once you play private univers and save you are screwed. When you come back into the game - all your buildings will be gone. Fine. It's early access. Let's delete universe and charachter (since they are bugged as hell). But wait. You can't delete it. I am stuck in a universe without buildings and I can't reset the universe or delete it. Even for early access it's bad. Will keep it negative untill they fix it.
,Not Recommended,402710,25776196,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,CH\/RCH,"Not ready yet. But soon, maybe."
76561198048623882,Not Recommended,402710,25862580,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,RobRemix,"This game has a lot of potential but DONT BUY IT NOW! .....it lacks a LOT. And it is ANNOYING AS HELL. Every server has a maximum amount of structures you can build....and well you can NEVER BUILD ANYTHING ANYWHERE ON ANY SERVER, without first destroying someone's base....but guess what....you log off and someone destroys your base so they can build theirs and you have to start over all that crap. and most annoying is that the planet is EMPTY!!!! how is it possible to meet the maximum structure when there is almost NOTHING built on the planet.like I said, the current state of the game is crappy and I stopped playing and regret the money I spent....I wish I waited for it to be a real fun game.oh and there are tons of bugs which the devs are warning you about...."
76561198136348231,Recommended,402710,28197267,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,GL9106[Now with New HDD!(yay)],Better than No Man's Sky
76561198151386067,Not Recommended,402710,35382623,Posted: 1 October,all,d_d_c_95,great game with the little bit i could play but too cpu hungry for non gaming oriented machines even on lowest setting was excessivle clunky and laggy to the point it was almiost unplayable sux cause i really wanted to play it
,Not Recommended,402710,28574507,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,k0ne,At least you can ALT+F4
76561198128638563,Not Recommended,402710,25812837,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Jon™,"Wouldn't recomend at this monent in time, however this game has potential. Feels like it was put in EA too early."
76561198020870984,Not Recommended,402710,25850976,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Jackerback,"This is my second thumbs down review. Reinstalled after the patch today. Saves still not working as they should in single and multiplayer games, and items missing from mine and the robot follower inventory including weapons. Each time I have to start a new game. I simply cannot progress in this game...whats going on...? The game itself looks superb and runs very smoothly, thats the only positive for me, but its not good enough. Ive spent over five hours fiddling with the various workarounds and now ive had enough...no more messing around.Most of my time in the game consisted of testing the saves and missing items problem. I would start a game set up camp do a bit of mining etc. and then save and exit and then reload game to see if it was all as it should be...but no. Stuff still missing or even everything gone and a new restart  required. Maybe I'll try again in a few weeks, but right now i'm out."
,Not Recommended,402710,31970992,Posted: 26 May,all,ShadowTail,"It's like every other ""survival"" game out there currently."
,Not Recommended,402710,28580021,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Yamist,"Yet another piece of early access garbage with loads of ""potential""."
,Not Recommended,402710,31449055,Posted: 29 April,all,Foamy,Unfinished. More suited for a cell phone than a PC.
,Not Recommended,402710,31353879,Posted: 25 April,all,Paradox,"I have not refunded anything faster; the game looked great, and it probably could be, if it hadn't succeded in igniting my anger issues within the first five seconds of gameplay. I'm not even joking, I loaded up a singleplayer world and had about five seconds before I died horribly with no instruction on what I need to do, what I can do, or anything in-between. I you had just put a message on-screen saying ""Press 3 to select Patch Tape to fix your helmet"" I might have given this game a chance. I died then, respawned, and, lo and behold, all the starting resources scattered around the area were gone, and my helmet still smashed. So, I deleted that world, googled a beginer's guide so I could figure out what I am actually supposed to do, and made a new world.The next world went about as well as the first one, I spawned, now knowing to use the patch tape, used it, then collection my weapons from the crate next to me. After that, I went to grab the medical supplies create, and jsut by simply walking near it, my suit helmet was shattered again, further inspection revealed it was perched atop a field of dome-like plants with over-the-top spikes brsitling from them; there was no way I could get near. I then died horrbily again due to oxygen deprival.Until this beginning phase is fixed, I cannot recommend this game at all; if you don't know what to do without googling something in what should be the tutorial phase of the game, it is not something worth my time."
,Recommended,402710,31588421,Posted: 6 May,all,SunnyDizzle,10/10Didn't assume my gender.
,Not Recommended,402710,25785547,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Nii-san,"It's a great game but as of now it as way to many glitch like making all you crafting station, water & food station all unowned or sometimes your whole base.so you can't used them. Best to wait till the glitch are iron out cause you can end up watching hours on end for nothing."
,Not Recommended,402710,34567274,Posted: 28 August,all,KFGO Tech Talk,"I was interested in this game for a while.  Played a copy which was given to me by a listener of my radio show when this first came out and felt it was so/so.  I bought the game recently after watching a couple ""Let's Play"" videos of the newest update and downloaded the beta version.I changed to a very strong approval and was going to recommend this on my show, then the Devs made a choice to remove the beta and revert everyone to the alpha which, in my view, is not much better than the game was back when it first came out...so I'm back to rating this as a ""WAIT"" not a ""NO""...because obviously the beta was good but I can't recommend anyone buying this game as it is now and will be stating so on my  ""Indy Games you need to see!"" segment."
76561197976825033,Not Recommended,402710,25885858,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,ahrensy,"Expecting (and hoping) to change this review someday from a negative to a positive, but right now this simply isn't ready even for Early Access.TLDR: If you've enjoyed ARK: Survival Evolved, you'll be severly disappointed by Osiris: New Dawn - at least in its current stage of development.The game looks really interesting. The game sounds really interesting. But as early as this into Early Access, the game simply isn't.Official servers are limited to 12 players. For real.Unless you play single-player or a private server, you can't progress through the tutorial (or do anything remotely useful) because the servers have reach their (severely limited) structure count capacity, which doesn't resolve itself by destroying other people's structure.The map goes on and on for what seems like forever (if you feel like wasting an hour walking in one direction you'll still be wondering where the map ends - if it ends at all?), but there's definitely nothing bar empty canvass beyond 1km from the spawn location. Hand-crafted map not really. It's all the same beyond that 1km radius.I suppose there's a few hours of gameplay on single-player to be had, which is totally worth the US $25. Or not. This should be a $2 Early Access.Suggesting this game to be early-beta rather than early-alpha (as the developers have done), is basically criminal."
,Not Recommended,402710,26134168,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,Mattius,"This game in its current state is not recommened. Once you create a new private world you cannot either delete the world of create a new one. The enemies are terrible, mainly poorly designed and glitchy. The robot you get is bugged to the point of not being of any use. The fluidity of the game is really bad, where one of its many many bugs will either leave you smashing your screen to bits with your keyboard or pressing ctrl alt del.One plus is the soundtrack, but as a BSG fan you cant go wrong with lifting the melodies of bear mcgreary. I hope they sort this game out in the future and they probably will hense ONE DAY it will be good to play but for now avoid like a cheap hookers dingle berry."
76561198048297192,Not Recommended,402710,25812018,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Snoopy13,"Launch game and everything works. Then I load into a world and it happens, unable to do anything besides select hotkeys 1-4 and hit enter to chat. I know they game sees the keys, since I can type anything I want into the chat. Nothing else works. Restart, reinstalled, tried every key, tried single player and multiplayer. Nothing works."
,Not Recommended,402710,25830050,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Exarch Isodo,"Until they flesh out the game, its not worth the 25 bucks youll spend on it.  Get Space Engineers, or Subnautica instead."
,Not Recommended,402710,25942125,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Kether,"This game, as many others have stated, has great potential. It really does a good job of putting you in an alien environment but...it is way early for it to be a good game. Give it time, and I'm sure it will unlock its full potential. Up till then, buy it only to support the devs."
,Not Recommended,402710,31426904,Posted: 28 April,all,Raptor22,"While I like the look, and it is an amazing concept, it runs HORRIBLY. I have a beefy PC. I have a GTX 780 and 16 gigs of ram. Yet, even at the lowest graphics settings, it runs SO SLOW. I get 20 fps at max, and that's the absolute max.This game SERIOUSLY needs to be optimized. Even now, it is so slow that it is almost unplayable. I cannot aim at the fast-moving aliens when the camera is all herky-jerky due to the lag.Not recomended until the devs figure out how to optimize it."
76561198025008184,Not Recommended,402710,25942762,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Yoness,"As of the current build, I can't recommend Orsiris: New Dawn. Once the game becomes more fleshed out, maybe; but the game feels as empty as a No Man's Sky planet. Don't get me wrong; I know its early access and that this is only the first step in the building of the game. But in roughly 3 hours I'd already completed most of the ""Goals"" this game wants players to experience; including crafting multiple vehicles and exploring the ""Ultimate Fog Cave Experience"".In the future this game seems to have some very serious potential. But at the moment, its very empty and if you're looking for a game to scratch the ""Survival itch""; this isn't really the game for you right now.I WILL state however that the first time I saw the sandworm the only thought I could think before it obliterated me was ""Shai-Huluuuuuuuuuuud!""."
,Not Recommended,402710,26539476,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,daveranan,"Game sucks some serious balls. It does help to defeat patriarchy, Hugh Mungus should ashamed.But seriously, the game has big issues with saving in multiplayer. Me and my friend played for 2 and a half hours yesterday, and our base is missing now after relog next day. That blows really bad.Performance wise it has glitches and lag spikes."
,Not Recommended,402710,26246328,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Skeletor,"Hey do you like No man LIES? As if they ain't edgy enough we got this♥♥♥♥♥♥ This game would only get better if they injected more elements from Pitch black.You like Minecraft? Well tough luck you kinda paid for it either way didn't you. Hey everyone likes minecraft i mean why else do they keep remaking this formula again and again and again and barely add more original idea's.I swear this game has found ways to infuriate me to the point i needed to cheat my load capacity just to get somewhere in this game. I am not sure if its just the way the planet is made, or if its randomized. but i continued to get the crappest of planets. For the first 2 days in game i was either eating sand or trying to see in the dark, Even with the light.Speaking of light, let me make something very clear. I am a space man in this game, alright? I should be capable of thought that you know, i can in real life. Now my light in game sucks, I am not sure if you can upgrade it or what, but i immediately noticed that the Plutonium glows FAR brighter than my light. So me being a space man, you'd assume i'd take a rock of this crap and put it around my suit OR just strap it onto a stick with a string and throw it places to make things light up. Is the cancer worth it? Yeah sure. I spend 2 days trying to find carbon, i had plenty of everything else but no damn carbon. And in the dark all i could find was minerals with their brightness on 100.On day 3 after finding a spooky old destroyed base, ooo the folly of man~ My immediate thought was: Why can't i salvage all of this? Why is there not like a chest of cool supplies? (I have no idea if i could actually repair the base, i am assuming i couldn't cause my hud glitched out.) and as i was about to give up on my quest for carbon, BEHOLD. Mountains of Carbon.Now again, me being a space man, I know quite a lot about rocks- i mean minerals. And i am pretty sure carbon is like a main building block of most things. So why can't i hit trees for carbon? What is this giant skeleton? Can i mine that for Boner points? No. Oh look an alien surely that has carbon- no just meat. I have no idea why, out of all the elements, Carbon is the most difficult to find. You'd think Plutonium would be but nah. Anyways i carry about 50 carbons to my base thinking ""Sweet i can make this fabricator and then i can make some barrels this ♥♥♥♥♥ gonna be awesome""It is at that point i realized i needed hydrogen. ""ok cool. What do you need to make Hydrogen?"" A barrel. ""oh."" And this is the beginning of my lifes many mysteries. I have empty glass jars, but can i not use them to fill them up with gases? Maybe they're gas retardant i have no idea...I kinda wish i could make a speeder bike easily enough to go place to place without having my character gasp for air every 5minutes. But that'd probably require tree bark or some kind of rare mineral...like sandstone. Also hey you get a probe that mines infinitely- Cool. If it didn't fill your box with useless♥♥♥♥♥♥ I wish i could set it to look for certain minerals and instead of  setting a spot, it just went off to look for it. or my Mini-map had some kind of Mineral sensor. It'd save me a lot of hair.Conclusion:This game is incredibly difficult to play on your own,It's a squad game with Squad goals and all you're gonna be thinking while playing is ""This is like Minecraft & No man sky had a baby, and then it was put on life support while they try and fix it""Is it playable? Sure. If you have a few days to waste while you try and make a Barrel and finish the 6th? objective.P.S I know there's rubber trees, but ♥♥♥♥ing Tattooine or w.e planet i got didn't have any within a 30minute radius."
76561198124704753,Not Recommended,402710,31473546,Posted: 30 April,all,Erma,"Since  this new update the game  is broken  and pure crap  its not worth playing,  mines  have  invisable enemys,  transport gets stuck  this game is just  broken  dont waist  money  on it  the devs ♥♥♥♥ed up  and killed there game  may they rot in hell for  killing the're  own game. How can  u trust a dev team that for gets to put in there own  items  like hydrogen spots to mine   carbon or diamonds now its imposible to find the stuff you need  they killed the're own game  so ♥♥♥♥ them  and the're game"
76561198145554532,Not Recommended,402710,32747696,Posted: 24 June,all,mwarner_57,needs creative mode
76561198185146310,Not Recommended,402710,31784828,Posted: 16 May,all,GN-001,Lag as hell
,Not Recommended,402710,31430473,Posted: 28 April,all,Ecru Tether,"Before the latest update, the game was a little empty and Barren.After the update, the map was greatly improved. But...Certain resources are impossible to find.Everything seems to bug outHaving troubles with buildings not saving so they cannot be used at all.Maybe wait a little longer for the Devs to sort things out before buying this game."
76561198217613437,Not Recommended,402710,26354397,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,deepblue43,"I don't recommend you!The latest updates made the game more difficult to play so I stopped playing it.It is almost impossible to build a spaceship or vehicle,you must collect too much resources.(You must play for weeks).No enough ammo,no easily production and aliens can easily kill you because there are too many of them and they often attack you.When you collect resource they aware of you and attack in a short time.If you have no ammo you have no chance!"
,Not Recommended,402710,26506006,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Amos,"It seems a good game but if you have ultra wide resolution then research it first, problem with this game is, on wide screen dunno about 4k but on 5760x1080 the helmet view you can see the textures they used just 2 triangles and a top piece, but on ultrawide those textures are in the middle of your screen and side monitors you can see through it, and it looks utter crap, very lazy devs, maybe I come back to this after a few months years perhaps, overall the gameplay seemed ok, sort of stupid mission  at the begining taping up your helmet so oxygen does'nt come out, graphics were pretty good too, but for me I cannot reccomend this game at this time."
,Not Recommended,402710,26264306,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,jf3000,In its current form you cant change the key binding.
76561198350443700,Not Recommended,402710,34957145,Posted: 14 September,all,Lord Hohenheim (KOR),Game wasn't worth the buy.All I'm gonna say.
76561198185116051,Recommended,402710,26339043,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Downward Thrust,"Osiris: New Dawn is a space exploration and survival game.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mYknm6hDILkAfter playing many builds and alphas, I've come to a decent conclusion on the game:Pros:Atmosphere, The Price Point, The Gathering Mechanics are simple and intuitive, and the game has great potentialCons:Some optimization issues, cave development needs work, combat needs work.Here are 10 ways to improve the game:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VkqCR0XdXyo"
76561198013624825,Not Recommended,402710,28599641,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,bob,"I played 4 hours Could not find RUBBER in 3 hours,  GAVE Up.   The game takes WAY to long to do anythng WASTE OF money now,  Wait.  I even bumped everything up.  Very hard  to find anything you need.  So it makes the game a Grind and NO FUN."
,Not Recommended,402710,29584214,Posted: 30 January,all,ϟϟLuftwaffeϟϟ hellcase.com,"Lack of content, gets boring 2 ez"
76561197982796646,Not Recommended,402710,26084967,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,theBQ,"I played this game for roughly an hour. Sadly during this time frame I did NOT manage to craft the very first item - a resource box. I scoured the landscape for an hour, searching for some iron, and what little I found either dropped through the ground, or wasn't harvestable at all (picking it did nothing). This wouldn't have been such a huge problem if resource nodes weren't 10 minutes of walking apart (with resources set to ""maximum"" at world generation). As it is, I recommend waiting a few more months before giving this game a shot."
76561198255953473,Not Recommended,402710,26034865,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Terminal Byte,"It was pretty tough learning all the mechanics of this game. Not enough missions to help you get used to the way things worked. It was hard do anything without having to look up how to do it somewhere online. And just when I had gotten used to everything and was having fun, an update came out and deleted all my progress. I'm not happy with that. And it makes me want to stop playing the game. Yes, it is in alpha, but I had worked really hard to get all the materials.I would not recommend this game at this time. Maybe I might if it was a bit better and further along in development."
,Not Recommended,402710,26036863,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Kamstkurf,Wait. This game is earlier than early. I'll be back.
76561198042711578,Not Recommended,402710,25848145,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Two-Time Slim,This game looks awesome. But unfortunately I can't say anything particularly substantive about it because it crashes everytime I try to start a game. The main menu looks nice though.
76561198084098826,Not Recommended,402710,26048590,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Subman60,sooo is this happening with anyone else because  im getting crash indicators everytime i load a world or try to join one i dont know if its just me or if its a bug.the not recomended is so i could post this it means nothing.
,Not Recommended,402710,25846993,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,AngryAngler,"Dont buy it just yet, multiplayer is terribly unoptimized. And the game is sorely lacking content. It does look promising however so DO keep your eyes on the development of the game."
76561198006889979,Not Recommended,402710,26010972,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Pops,"Basically I bought it, tried it, and requested a refund.  This game is for high end systems...I have a medium system with a low end graphics card and it can't push the polygons as much as the game needs.  There are many bugs...the one that got me the most was just trying to gather in first person...it's totally broken.   Creature clipping is horrendous...the critters can clip through your shelter and attack you.Looks like the Dev's are headed in the right direction with some neat concepts, and the gameplay was fun (what I was able to see of it), but it's not for an average pc setup.  If you have the horsepower, I recommend trying it out.  But if your rig is only average, don't go near it right now."
76561198295343790,Not Recommended,402710,29367911,Posted: 19 January,all,TheLaw,pretty terrible
76561198291105906,Not Recommended,402710,25910868,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Ghoster_Prime,"I'm sorry, but despite all the sympathy for this game, I feel that releasing such bugged versionfor over 20 euros so early is painful. Being able to reliably save your progeess should be a must, in order not to frustrate and force an EA player do the same things over and over again. The amount of content is low, backpackload is nigtmarish. Lots of glitches, like monsters coming through buildings, vehicles beingstuck, etc. Aligning airlock to habitat is most of the time ridiculously difficult.Game has potential, but it's severily underdeveloped, even for an Early Access.You should definitely wait few months before buying it, and the price shouldn't be higher than 25 euros."
76561198007234340,Not Recommended,402710,28576017,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Sky Fox,"If your looking for a multiplayer pvp experience this is not the game for you.All pvp servers have the similar Arc style, alpha clans, but unlike ark it's incredibly easy to destroy an entire colony.Defence turrets - pointless, players can shoot at range.Landmines - waste of money players can see and avoid.If you want to play single player there are many better games.Don't waste your time"
76561197972000326,Not Recommended,402710,26597995,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Red Mage,"There is nothing I could say about how bad this game is, that hasn´t been said already. Not worth the money, 23€ that I will never see again due to steam´s ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ refund policy."
,Not Recommended,402710,25780803,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Geo the Rabbit God,"- crashes onto planet- percentage at the bottom of screen dropping rapidly alarms are going off, think to myself we gotta fix this- no instructions but i figure out to use duct tape- put down a little dome home- sees robot flying around, says is owned by me, gonna get done by robot rights groups for slavery- without any sound a giant worm jumps out the ground and lands on my head- respawn- go back and get killed by worm again*Intermission*- come back on the game decide to build myself a house- spend around an hour getting materials for my base- build base, its not much but im happy- without any sound meteors fall out the sky onto my base- this is get absurd- go out to get more materials- the loudest ♥♥♥♥ing screaming ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ spider alien falls out the sky onto my head- respawn getting a little tired now- go to customise my base, ive got an airlock on it now so things are looking up- press to customise a wall, accidentally look at base frame- base is deleted completley try exiting the game by just closing it- load back in, base is gone, materials are gone, time spent on this game gone,- i feel dead inside as i realise the mistake ive made- uninstall, refund"
76561197998187767,Not Recommended,402710,34782268,Posted: 6 September,all,Don Dark,Made a Character and a server. friends needed an invite to join. but the box needed to invite them was Bugged/gone .Possible fix required that i deleted the server- that feature got taken out by mistake . but the Devs told people they were gonna fix that next patch.. (10 months ago) so i got a refund.. Stay away as of right now
,Not Recommended,402710,34909244,Posted: 12 September,all,Dead_Banana,This game looks really good but everytime i try to start it up the game crashes
,Not Recommended,402710,25763380,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Mr. Snuggles,"PROS: Nice graphicsCONS: Awful fps, awful sound settings (some sounds are not accounted for in the sound settings), awful forced camera bobbing, awful forced camera filters such asfilm grain and this constant static noise every now and then, forced motion blur, horrific controls when hit by enemy/player (your camera shakes and you lose control of your camera as well as dropping below 10 fps). Game ran at around 1-40 fps. Never above 60. At all. I have a gtx 970 gpu, i7 4790k@4ghz cpu, 16gb ram and it struggled badly. The fps was never constant, always fluctuating.Needs some SERIOUS work if you want people to play this game."
,Not Recommended,402710,25773566,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,MeRgZaA,"So i bought this game. and all it seems to be for the first 4 hours is walk in a direction, smack some stones, bring back resources and repeat. While in the meantime you shot some monsters which are either ♥♥♥♥ easy to kill or the keep hitting you unless you stand on top of a player made construction, which makes them ♥♥♥♥ easy to kill again. Game does not feel rewarding and very unfinished. I understand that this is early access, but for 23 euros i expect way more than this.... very dissapointed"
76561198055523189,Not Recommended,402710,25836267,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Brofessor Rex,"For the price, this game isn't quite there yet. It took me half an hour going between public servers trying to find one where I could at least place the starting tent, after finding one I spent another hour stocking resources. I built a forge, storage box and then a habitat. My next mission was to build walls for my habitat. I had enough resources stocked to do so. Immediately after that mission, I was supposed to build and place an airlock on the habitat. Another hour walking around gathering resources. I made the glass and iron plates for the airlock, mission complete, now to place the airlock. BOOM! ""Server has reached structure limit"" or something along those lines.The whole time I was walking around gathering resources I did not encounter another player or his/her base. I logged out and I don't plan to try the game again until the devs increase the server structure cap, or remove it completely. Even the single player menu says something about single player just being there to learn the game, and ""we hope to see you online soon."" I guess the multiplayer aspect is more of a walking sim at the moment."
76561198292016890,Not Recommended,402710,29862896,Posted: 11 February,all,kevin.dthuot,a total piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ the game just bug really intense all my building or now abandond so now everything i touch is destroy i just waste a mouth of my life on the garbage game
,Not Recommended,402710,25811536,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Marco,This review is on 10/1/16:I get that this game just got released to EA but there is no way that it should have. It feels like nothing more than a glorified tech demo.Pros:game looks decent.Cons:All the public servers that I joined had a max building count already.server only holds 12 people.Ther are only about 8 buildings and seems to lack a variety of what you can do in game.the game feels sluggish even on a high end PC
76561198016987832,Not Recommended,402710,25835228,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,RoboZacharias,Beware! The game won't save your structures in private servers and public servers are laggy and won't let you build.The game itself is great but right now it's unplayable in multiplayer. Singleplayer is lonely and boring.
,Not Recommended,402710,26007783,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,[SVFT] Majored Laxness,Garbage. Wait until further development.
,Not Recommended,402710,34400395,Posted: 21 August,all,RMX.exe,I really want to have fun with this game. I barely got to play it but it just won't launch on my system.
76561198062513611,Not Recommended,402710,29522914,Posted: 27 January,all,Chupakabra,"God awful game, crashes either on the launch screen, or when you try to start the game. Shame on you, developers! Early access does not mean the first 20 lines of code!"
,Not Recommended,402710,25768996,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,therealshakur,"I will say first that this game has a lot of potential, but in it's current state it shouldn't be released even for EA. there are too many game breaking bugs that force you to restart for the same thing to happen again and again. The game in it's current state has maybe 5-6 hours of content and you will find yourself getting bored really fast after you build the 4 main structures and 4 vehicles.- missions stop working with no way to get them back if you exit the game at certain times.- resources vanish from storage crates.- corpses disappear- if you lose your starting weapons due to the above issue you should probably just restart.- certain craftable items disappear when you exit the game making your progress halt.- many more issues (some are being fixed so + to that)I am still having a little bit of fun just exploring and learning the area, but I find it is useless to build or collect materials for them to vanish.as they update the game and get more communicative with the community I will change my review. I understand they are a 2 man crew so hopefully they can up that count to move progression along faster. If they had a star rating I would currently give it a 3 star out of 5.on a positive note, I will say that the game is beautiful and runs great on my system."
76561197970723411,Not Recommended,402710,26081271,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,ThisIsPatrick,"No keybinding options, so guess us lefties are stuck either conforming to the ""right"" way or play with a cramp.After last patch you bind your character to a server. ""so be sure to choose server carefully"" - according to devs.Great job there. So if i play the game on a server and find out my friend play the game on another server, we are basically screwed. Yep.. Brilliant thinking."
76561198150362017,Not Recommended,402710,32357875,Posted: 11 June,all,ajang.akoy,"Uninstalling this game IMMEDIATELY. Died, Lost all my items and my body despawn. Over 15 Hours Wasted. and lets not even get started with the enimies. I WANT A REFUND. This Games is a waste of time. Its completely demorilising, no matter how much progress you make. DONE WITH IT"
76561198116320490,Recommended,402710,32954529,Posted: 28 June,all,Ninjaras,10 out of 10 BEST GAME EVER!!!!!!!
,Not Recommended,402710,25842727,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Kr0mat0se44,"It's an early access game about exploration, crafting, and survival. The emphasis on ""early access"" is heave, because there are many bugs that could break the game for you. My experience was very poor due to these bugs, therefor I cannot recommend this game from that.However, I can see what some people are coming from and the framework is there, but for me, it is too boring, too many bugs, to little content, and too expensive. If 25 dollars is nothing to you, then get it and give this good game a shot, but if 25 is alot for you then wait for an update."
76561197975449131,Not Recommended,402710,25877726,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Dunravin,"The price should reflect the product, this product should be half the price, no, half that again and that's about what I'd be happy to pay for this amount of issues which require a client restart every few minutes. Opted for the refund. Best of luck to the developers though but I'm going back to Empyrion Galactic Survival."
76561198014445198,Not Recommended,402710,28492894,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,crazylegs78,SORT YOUR GAME!!!!So with the new update so far i have to keep rebuilding my bloody airlock everytime i join also my my stuff is gone out my lockers and i dont mean all the iron and so on as that would be easy to get again. NOOO it takes all my eletronics and wire and plastic and everything else that takes a♥♥♥♥♥♥load to make!! really wish i could get my money back for this crap
76561198109189717,Not Recommended,402710,28569029,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,dave_H,So much Laaaaaaaaaaag. Game unplayable atm. A shame. looked like it might be OK.
76561198031752760,Not Recommended,402710,25846492,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,JUST-DIE-ALLREADY,"latest update messed up fps game is now acting like half refresh is on and its not ,, can not fix it or turn it off fps drops to the 20s ......"
,Recommended,402710,32598591,Posted: 20 June,all,michaelmoscarelli110,"IT WONT LET ME EVEN START THE GAME, I CAN GO INTO IT BUT WHEN I TRY TO PLAY THE GAME IT WONT LET ME START IT"
,Not Recommended,402710,25847058,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,OediblePantries,Not yet.
76561198331088844,Not Recommended,402710,26275814,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Spooky★Ghost,How does it work it keeps saying that im in offline mode though im not?
76561198063026294,Not Recommended,402710,25843941,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Donsharko,Una parola...INGIOCABILE! Speriamo solo per ora...
76561198140454627,Not Recommended,402710,26174359,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Real_Obnoxious,"bought it had resolution issues looks like it has potential refunded it after 30 mins of trying to play, might try again in a few months"
76561198236977982,Not Recommended,402710,30879631,Posted: 1 April,all,Cyndivian,NEDARABOTANAYA GAVNO
,Not Recommended,402710,28517416,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,jdshef,slow very little to do boring
,Not Recommended,402710,28537758,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Carraway.,♥♥♥♥♥game
76561198120120855,Not Recommended,402710,28494003,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Aki秋,"To be honest, it a very great game that is early access but there one i like to say.the planet felt empty. and there nothing on planet. it is not worth the prices."
,Not Recommended,402710,28547222,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Austin Neo,"when to play this game, looked fun but when i started it, it was empty and boring."
,Not Recommended,402710,28008898,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Melodramatic,Poop
76561198134561653,Not Recommended,402710,25786315,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,gemmaster22,"I couldn't play more than 15 minutes, just enough time to place the first structure. loaded way to much at once."
,Not Recommended,402710,25929256,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,stop skillshaming me,"has maybe an hour's worth of content atm.looks promising, and could be a great game, but simply not worth buying into, considering the absolute barebones content currently available."
76561197997407759,Not Recommended,402710,28491912,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Quest Hunter,Boring.
76561198040387134,Not Recommended,402710,25823413,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,CCMD,"Has potential, but too many irritating bugs in the current version."
,Not Recommended,402710,34927563,Posted: 13 September,all,Beltum,"i5 6600k (oc 4.2ghz) 8gb ram, gtx960(oc), FPS drop, mouse lag, I tryed to turn it to the lowest and still have the issue..."
,Not Recommended,402710,25761078,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,1 kill only dot com,"15-20 fps the whole time, cannot interact with things like other people can, animals are standing still in the sky, the ground disappears frequently, the only thing I am able to do is walk, which is mostly impossible because of low framerate and the ground disappearing."
,Not Recommended,402710,26250144,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Marmofeels,"-Early Access multiplayer review-After hearing good things about the game for a friend, I figured I might give it a try. Initially a bit concerned with the ""Early Access"" disclaimer, I figured there's a 2 hour refund window now anyways, so I might as well give it a try.And hooo boy.I started the game, starter boxes weren't there. Had to restart for them to appear.Went to my friend's place, tried to build my dome. Didn't work, I had to almost get half a mile away from it before I could place mine. Dreams of co-op tarnished.Googled it, someone said you could form a colony faction and do it that way. Pack up my dome and start going all the way over there.On the final stretch to him I apparently ran a little bit too much, so my oxygen reached 0%The whole while Oxygen just magically regenerated, but the moment it got to 0% it stops regenerating and you gradually take damage instead. Only way to fix it is to get to a dome, I figured.So I walk ALL the way back out of the area, unable to run while constantly taking damage and hearing my character's annoying gasping sounds. I also had to spend 2 medkits not to die.I rebuild my dome, go inside and get my oxygen back. Then I pack it up and start the long journey over to him AGAIN.Finally there, I found out that I had only packed up the dome, and forgot to actually pick the packed up dome up into my inventory.So I walk back out AGAIN, to go pick it up.When I get there, I can't find it. I looked around for 5 minutes trying to find the tiny thing before giving up. For all I know it could've despawned.There's no way I'm starting over a second time, and its been an hour by now. And I'm not gonna go past the refund timer trying that♥♥♥♥♥♥again."
,Not Recommended,402710,35008319,Posted: 16 September,all,Silver Elite Potato,Terrible game... If you die you do not respawn at a nearby spot to your friends. You will just repsawn somewhere far away. I was done with this game in 2 hours. Everything is just so dry and unfun.
,Not Recommended,402710,25846652,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Z-enzyme,"Might Be a Good Game Some DayI enjoyed the game but rated NOT RECOMMENDED. Why?================================================It's actually NOT RECOMMENDEDYET.================================================And - I do know it's an early access.This game might be a killer when finished. Now, it's like 10% of what I've expected really.You start off as a survivor from a crash landing. You have to make your way through a desert planet to mine minerals, build base and everything needed for survival killing hordes of alien animals and huge bugs on the way. Beginning is well done, tutorials are not bad. And, you can do that alone, with friends or on a public server.Why it is only 10%?Cause most of the things you build doesn't work. It feels like a presentation how this game could look like when finished. You can build a bio dome, plant green there but it's just a placeholder really, you don't have to have anything to plant there and it gives you nothing back.You can build a spaceship to fly off planet but there's nothing there, just a bunch of asteroids (broken) and a placeholder for a space station.You can build a computer for blueprints but... It's just a decoration for now on.You can build sniper rifle ammo but... Not a sniper rifle. Or, I wasn't able at least.So, my guess, wait. Wait for the content, because the gameplay is enjoyable, the graphics and sound is amazing, the feel is really nicely done.Now, onto the multiplayer. There are like 16 players per map if I remember right. But, so it happens that the public server run out of structural limitERYfast.What does this mean, it means, that when you build a dome it does -1 to the structural limit on the server. And it's like a 50? 100? I don't know. So, I've built a habitat, an airlock and... I'm done. Can't build more.But, there's a solution. You can start your own private server and invite friends from steam. And this little feature is a GOLD. Very good system to get 5 friends to play with you. You go on publick, you gather 5 people who listen and are not raging kids and you start a private server. You can enjoy the game there, but...Um...There's not much to enjoy really. I've hit the end game in like 6 hours on my private server with a friend. We got everything we could, all the vechicles. And, well, we flew to the space, looked around...Landed and...Meh...What now?Won't play the game till some major update comes round.tl;drPros:- great graphics and sound,- nice gameplay,- got just the right atmosphere,- the feel of danger, survival, it's all there, incredibly well done,- private server for mutliplayer- friendlist invites,- it's fun.Cons:- not enough even for an early acces,- some stuff is just too easy to achieve, it's not balanced,- well, there's not much of a game in the game yet. I know, I'm repeating myself but, really, there's just so little of it.- lotta bugs, but that's an early acces,- after some time it feels more like a demo, a presentation, not actual game.IF this had like another 10 hours of finding blueprints, materials and a bit more stuff that worked I'd say 7/10. Now, 4/10."
,Not Recommended,402710,29868019,Posted: 12 February,all,GUNrcTeR,Lame
76561198252096704,Not Recommended,402710,32206874,Posted: 5 June,all,Epicar700,I HATE THIS STUIPID GAME YOU CANT GET PASSED THE 2ND MISSION. AND I REFUNDED IT YESTERDAY AND THE MONEY STILL IS PENDING AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
76561198129621457,Not Recommended,402710,30969491,Posted: 5 April,all,Mewtwo Chainz,Game is boring and trash barely has even 100 people online. I would rather have a♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ sit on face then play this doo doo asss game again.
76561198134566810,Not Recommended,402710,25830509,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Lethallady,"My first review I gave this game a thumbs up, but after I spent time pondering things a bit more, I came to the conclusion that it really didn't warrant a thumbs up.YES it is in EA, but it lacks content, which leaves me a bit upset to say the least for the money I spent.Some key elements of this game are not available yet and that makes me very wary about the future success of this game, despite the fact it is an EA.The main idea behind the game does not exist.  You also can't build some of the stuff that is in the build menus.  Also, you can't interact with some of the stuff you build even though the information in the build menus sugest you can.  Why did they include these things at all if they don't work or are unbuildable?  It is false advertising.I played the 11 hours on record and that was enough time to gather all the materials needed to craft all these things, but that was all I was able to do because that is all there is to do. It was also enough time to learn that the game was far from being complete because of these issues.Twenty-seven dollars for only 11 hours of game play is VERY BAD!!!! IT is too expensive for me, anyway.  I am hoping I get my refund.So be aware, if you are seriously going to purchase this game, you are purchasing a game that is far from being what it is supposed to be (based on promises) in it's current condition.Will it ever get there?  I don't know, that is yet to be seen.Is it worth keeping an eye on?  Absolutely!  But I cannot and won't recommend anyone buying the EA of this game in the current state it is in.   Cleary, they released it WAY TOO EARLY.  They should have waited and made sure that what they were giving you the impression of releasing was actually what they were releasing.  Such a disappointment.If and when they get their shtuff together I am willing to give it another try, but not till they actually have content to play."
,Not Recommended,402710,25771364,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,HENDEO,this game is empty and online there is still nothing to do and is very very very buggy and laggy
76561198042771326,Not Recommended,402710,25849094,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,GITTING GUD INTENSIFIES,"dont buy this yet, its still a far cry from being finished,  if you want a good early access game with planets, space, survival and crafting and whatnot, there are plenty of better options"
76561198047818286,Not Recommended,402710,26703600,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,TwilightTime,"Aziel update review. even worse than base game.ok so i had requested a refund but was past the 2 hours a month ago. so got stuck with 3 copies. we tried to play again with the new update..as my title said. what is the point?we choped the same rocks. got the same minerals and made basically the same stuff in 5 hours.then flew the space ship to a new moon. and flew around an empty planet. same more rocks to mine.but what is the point? what do we do? took 5 hours to get to moon on fresh start. nothing to donothing to donothing to do.multiplayer pvp is broken 100%. its not even been concieved. there is no point to the game.PVP prevoius comments below ALL still apply.PVP multiplayers does NOT WORK. do not purchase this game.me and a couple friends were excited about the pvp aspect in a space survival game. we currently have a full base with vehicles etc.we had a player make a base near ours, and after some warnings to move as he was infringing on our mining robots, we shot and killed him and his robot.It was Too easy to kill his robot. it stood there after he died and did nothing. in fact it did not even fire a single shot at us.1.) is there supposed to be away for the robot to defend the player from other players ( the base turret auto fires, though my grandmother can hit harder with her broom)2.) the person we killed spawned in his inflatable hut and came to get his body, my buddy decided to shoot him again and for some reason his body became un recoverable. ( not cool) thus he lost his guns etc..3.) so now all he has is the 4 starting items and a inflatable hut, 1 forge 1 resource collection box.NONE of which can be destroyed???? WHY?so for the next few hours he spawns and runs to our base to melee hit our buildings with his hammer. the Turret in base is basically useless. it does so little damage it doesn't even matter. you can stand on building to avoid it. or run inside the laboratory and hide in a nook to not get shot all the time selecting to damage the ""frame"" . the wall panels are pointless then.so we kill him and rinse and repeat. theoretically and endless scenario where the superior force can not win. he has basically nothing to loose by just spawning in his undestroyable inflatable hut ( which he could move closer) and run to wack our base a bit. at some point WE would have to log off for real life, when he could just come and destroy everything but the the same 3 buildings. I dont know if he can destroy the vehicles but i would imagine he should be able to...?so whats the point of making stuff if when your offline it can be destroyed?We ran across a fully built hab with an air lock attached to it. it took me 1 min to destroy the entire airlock by selecting to attack the ""Frame"" with my hammer. That was ridiculous. we then walked into his hab and could have destroyed every structure. we took his fabricator down to 10% and felt bad that this was so lamely easy and NOT what PVP is meant to be.so the turret is basically just an alarm. as it starts to fire we know an enenmy is near. it takes forever for it to kill anything, even a lvl 1 creature.. ( the flat ones that slide around with a tail something ""poid"".the RAV is cool with the mounted turret but only holds 1 person. you can NOT even stand on it as it is moving. lame... its big enough it should hold 2. one to drive the other to turret? or just sit as a passenger as we head off to some remote place.So the player was able to destroy the vehicles and the remainder of the base..I am requesting a refund now for this copy and the two i purchased for my friends."
76561198073765276,Not Recommended,402710,25801659,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,luigi,"Way too rough, some things make absolute no sense.It looks promising but there still a long way to go to have a complete product."
76561198088555356,Not Recommended,402710,25811889,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Torque_Lewith,This game as of 10/1/2016 will not launch for me I don't know if any others are having this problem but it is really making me mad. I just go the game today and I can't even play the darn thing. If they do not fix this soon I will be contacting the developers and getting a refund. >:(would not recommend
,Not Recommended,402710,26029914,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,-=]ES[=-Heavy D [BOoOM],Not fun game very boring and always lock up after 3min in game
76561197976388864,Not Recommended,402710,26157368,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,Toothpick,"Multiple bugs will prevent your progress and make you have to start all over from scratch. So its a gathering game + you have to gather the stuff like 4times more since your having to remake new games time and time again.Put your habitat on a non-flat plane? Guess what? start again!Play on a multiplayer server? Guess what? Maximum structure count for planet has been reached, have a nice day.Forget to save before you exit the game? Guess what? Start again!Forget which server you saved on? Guess what? Start again!"
76561198174413093,Not Recommended,402710,26500939,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,willy,"i do not not raccomand this game at least for now,reason :1- always night is much longer than day2- storms are very very often .. 2/3 times a day , wich is unreal ..3- if you try to farm a material, crabs and other monsters attack you , when you kill them and start farming , they instantly respawn , and you don't even  get 10 seconds to farm!!!you kill one , another one instantly falls  from the sky , its an infinite war ...4- pistol is stronger than assault rifle5-i've been dropped from server several times...so many issues , i hope they fix it"
76561197974026700,Not Recommended,402710,31435723,Posted: 29 April,all,Yusho,not very promissing
76561198019686483,Not Recommended,402710,34582880,Posted: 29 August,all,Saturnus,After loosing my Avatar (and so all my progress) for the 3rd time I guess I've seen it here...It's alpha and so on ok. But I'm too old to restart a medium interesting game for the 4th time in a row.
,Not Recommended,402710,26096497,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Blix,Nai. Hold dokker vekke. Einaste spillet eg har refunda noensinne.
76561198094764769,Not Recommended,402710,25936969,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,natekamrath,"TLDR: DON'T BUY, UNPLAYABLE SO MANY BUGS.  Can't believe you have to pay money for an alpha with this many bugs.  Ugh.Ok, this game looks AMAZING and the first 20 minutes I played was GREAT.  Then, I wanted to leave my private server and when I went to rejoin, it failed to load.  Just sitting at 0.  So, through about 30 minutes of trying different things, I have discoverd that private servers are COMPLETELY BROKEN.  So, I went to play on public servers.  After trying 6 different ones, they were all at building limit, so I could not do anything.  All I wanted to do was play with my friends.  Just wanting a cool SciFi builder game to play with friends, and I WASTED 25 dollars an this piece of crap.  There are no dedicated server files so don't kid yourself about hosting your own.  The devs are un supportive, the game has over 1k bug reports and almost no answers.  Don't be fooled by the hype or the cool game play footage.  This game sucks and is unplayable for a few small reasons which is REALLY sad because it looks like it has a lot of potential.Yes, I understand being a small team and launching a game in Alpha.  However, it is the studio's fault for launching a game with SO MANY bugs that it is unplayable with friends and then STILL charging money for it at the same time.  This is pathetic.  Let the alpha be free and charge for it when you actually have something worth paying for.Getting my money back for this one.  You can't just put, ""Alpha, expect bugs!"" in there and expect people to swallow complete trash."
76561198355676576,Not Recommended,402710,30901662,Posted: 2 April,all,ahmed.belfadhel,ìt doesnt work !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198127057254,Not Recommended,402710,26066036,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,DeLux,"9/10  would see through map again.    I understand that this is early access, and when this is fixed I will change my review accordingly."
76561198050609525,Not Recommended,402710,25915787,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,123,please fix the structure cap
76561198044839189,Not Recommended,402710,25950580,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Razorline666,Beware private server currently deleted all items placed on ground once you exit.
76561197984806134,Not Recommended,402710,28772017,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,dantepace,To many bugs and Item storage and use is too tedious. Therer should be more stream lined of resource usage. once you gather a resource it should automaically be accessable by any structure in the surrounding camp. I think it was a waist of money at this point.
,Not Recommended,402710,26570005,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,srJogatina,"Well, it's kind of weird to write a review withtout playing the game. To be honest I bought the game but it didn't work on my PC, or even loaded. Every single time I wanted to play it crashed before it open. I really want to say good things about it but I've already asked for my refund.My specs:Intel Core I5-4670k16GB RAMNVidia GeForce GTX 970"
,Not Recommended,402710,26142835,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,Magnivilator,This game is not my cup of tea. Simply grinding until u reach space and do nothing in the space...I got refund and maybe I will buy the game when I will have a reason to play.
,Not Recommended,402710,25776073,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Meldity,no optimization: the game
76561198126048384,Not Recommended,402710,31285981,Posted: 21 April,all,MightyLoaf,lost my spaceship from some glitch and i was stranded on a planet 1/10
,Not Recommended,402710,25757972,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Icynova,"Slow, very slow game pace. Most of my time playing was just me searching for one item to continue, and being mauled to death by aliens. Switching between menus can sometimes lead to lag, and loading making for a slower experience.Screen resolutions don't match the screen size very well and some sounds in the game are much louder than others which lead to bleeding ears. Along with that I couldn't find a screen for the key bindings (not saying there isn't one, I just couldn't find it if there is). Overall the game has the makings to be great, but it needs a ton of elbow grease and dedication from where it stands now to get there. Would I recommend it as it is? No. Maybe in a few months when they fleshed out some of the buggy parts, and setting issues then maybe."
,Not Recommended,402710,29534418,Posted: 27 January,all,Fr1d2,And Yes for they who loves exploring!
,Not Recommended,402710,26358906,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Grumio,crashes all the ♥♥♥♥ing time for no ♥♥♥♥ing reason
76561198354613902,Not Recommended,402710,28832920,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,TrippyStikks,i just bought this game and it freezes on me everytime i try and play it. i want my money back this is ♥♥♥♥in ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t
76561198339288648,Not Recommended,402710,26493815,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,moneyzmademan,this game is hard to play because the loadig screen keeps freezing
,Not Recommended,402710,28494711,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Technical,I'm only 40 minutes in and so far I'm thinking about trying to get a refund. This game just is not fun yet. I am hoping it will get better soon.
,Recommended,402710,35011949,Posted: 16 September,all,Pixlminus@pvpro.com,sandworm-sandworm-sandworm-sandworm-sandworm-sandworm-sandworm-sandworm-sandworm-sandworm-sandworm-sandworm-sandworm-sandworm-sandworm-sandworm-sandworm-sandworm-sandworm-sandworm-sandworm-sandworm-sandworm-sandworm-sandworm-sandworm-sandworm-sandworm-sandworm-sandworm-sandworm-sandworm-sandworm-sandworm-sandworm-sandworm-sandworm-sandworm-sandworm-sandworm-sandworm-sandworm-sandworm-sandworm-sandworm-sandworm-sandworm-sandworm-sandworm-sandworm-sandworm-sandworm-sandworm-sandworm-sandworm-sandworm-sandworm-sandworm-sandworm-sandworm-sandworm-sandworm-sandworm-sandworm-sandworm-sandworm-sandworm-sandworm-sandworm-sandworm-sandworm-sandworm-sandworm-sandworm-sandworm-sandworm-sandworm-sandworm-sandworm-sandworm-sandworm-sandworm-sandworm-sandworm-sandworm-sandworm-sandworm-sandworm-sandworm-sandworm-sandworm-sandworm-sandworm-sandworm-sandworm-sandworm-sandworm-sandworm-sandworm-sandworm-sandworm-sandworm-sandworm-sandworm-sandworm-sandworm-sandworm-sandworm-sandworm-sandworm-sandworm-sandworm-sandworm-sandworm-sandworm-sandworm-sandworm-sandworm-sandworm-sandworm-sandworm-sandworm-sandworm-sandworm-sandworm-sandworm-sandworm-sandworm-sandworm-sandworm-sandworm-sandworm-sandworm-sandworm-sandworm-sandworm-sandworm-sandworm-sandworm-sandworm-sandworm-sandworm-sandworm-sandworm-sandworm-sandworm-sandworm-sandworm-sandworm-sandworm-sandworm-sandworm-sandworm-sandworm-sandworm-sandworm-sandworm-sandworm-sandworm-sandworm-sandworm-sandworm-sandworm-sandworm-sandworm-sandworm-sandworm-sandworm-sandworm-sandworm-sandworm-sandworm-sandworm-sandworm-sandworm-sandworm-sandworm-sandworm-sandworm-sandworm-sandworm-sandworm-sandworm-sandworm-sandworm-sandworm-sandworm-sandworm-sandworm-sandworm-sandworm-sandworm-sandworm-sandworm-sandworm-sandworm-sandworm-sandworm-sandworm-sandworm-sandworm-sandworm-sandworm-sandworm-sandworm-sandworm-sandworm-sandworm-sandworm-sandworm-sandworm-sandworm-sandworm-sandworm-sandworm-sandworm-sandworm-sandworm-sandworm-sandworm-sandworm-sandworm-sandworm-sandworm-sandworm-sandworm-sandworm-sandworm-sandworm-sandworm
76561198180807826,Not Recommended,402710,26221030,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Milo Yiannopoulos,Already beat the game. game dosen't promise everything. cant build everything. very glitchy on the bright side you can go to space but thats it you cant go to other planets you cant build nothing. leave this game alone untell there is more to it. other that that it was pretty fun but. that was 1 hour of trying to figure what to do and 5 hours of grinding materials. basicly no man sky but with less.
,Recommended,402710,30851665,Posted: 31 March,all,mefisto,but i dont have the game in my inventory and can write here
76561198090125604,Not Recommended,402710,25951326,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,jonisolorio425,The Game Crashes after it shows the 2 Companies who made it.
,Not Recommended,402710,25763975,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Calkura,Completely unplayable for me.Walking 2500m without a single monster/resource is terrible at the beginning of the game.When moving my camera the game would loose all textures and I would be stood on an invisible planet.I love playing these types of games and have sunk thousands of hours into them. However on this occasion it's come out too soon (most of my games are EA and understand some games have issues but devs need to know when a game is really ready for mass testing like this)Have requested a refund and will re-visit in six months.
,Not Recommended,402710,25790522,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Jehan,"The game is good, looks great and has good potential. As of right now I spent 9 hours unlocking everything and building everything there is to offer in the game except for the mech which requires Azurnium ore ( i think I spelled it right) which I have not found. The game has some bugs which some have already been fixed and im sure the rest will soon but as far as replayability or content its Very lacking. So I would recommend not getting it until they have added A LOT more content to the game. Hopefully it doesnt flub and turn into a cash grab because this game could go places. THOUGH I DID FIND A SPACE STATION and went about 10-15 mins in one direction towards the blue GAS giant to turn and suddenly be back on my starter planet. Mind Blow maybe a dev or someone can explain to me what happend.https://youtu.be/vpWFyIkFKG0https://www.twitch.tv/j3han/v/92296997"
76561198037781139,Not Recommended,402710,30857248,Posted: 31 March,all,chriskrazz,Does not load after I tried to start my first game. I tried for about 4 times. I'm giving up. It's very disapointing because it looked promising.
,Not Recommended,402710,31053802,Posted: 9 April,all,itsrohm69,Was extreamly glitchy
,Not Recommended,402710,26467772,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,JDohg | CSGOSpeed.com,"(THIS GAME SHOWS AMAZING POTENTIAL)Pros-Decent Graphics-Cool Crafting-Base Design Looks Really Cool-SPACE-Multiplayer is Pretty CoolCons-Absolute Garbage Optimization-Insanely Buggy-Planets are Prety Similair-Not Much to doOverall - I am 100% going to buy this game when it gets better, but ATM, it runs so bad, and is ridiculously buggy, people that are willing to support the game until further notice and can play games with bad FPS, then go ahead and play."
,Not Recommended,402710,25808332,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,XoDs01,"TERRIBLE GRAPHIC SUPPORT! I have plenty of GPU power (dual gtx970's) and its still running at 12 fps, also, i run dual monitors, and there is zero support in the settings for such setups. The game looks fun, but when you have to spend, time at the beginning tweaking things to make it work, it takes all of the fun our of it. Bleh."
76561198258569580,Not Recommended,402710,26559422,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,[AS] DogeBond,cant even luanch it
76561198145660188,Not Recommended,402710,25894648,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,DJ_Hercules17,its a good game its just to much like a space minecraft with good quality
76561198062365315,Not Recommended,402710,25762945,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,DoubleYou,"Awful optimization issues, crashes constantly, unplayable 0/10"
,Not Recommended,402710,30931357,Posted: 3 April,all,DragonLord1066,"One of the most idiotic games you could play, once you die you lose absolutely everything in your inventory with no way to get it back at all, I lost my inventory which consisted of items that took me hours to grind for the resources, you die far too easily and your suit becomes breached after one or two attacks against you, its a complete and utter joke, avoid until this piece of trash is completely developed."
,Not Recommended,402710,28320418,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,SIXGHz,needs 21:9 support added
,Not Recommended,402710,25954208,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,virenex,"Why are people playing this? It is ♥♥♥♥ing horrible. Every server you go on has reached a maxiumum building population... why is there even a building limit?This game is horrible.. Graphics are not impressive as in the videos presented to you. Game play is lackluster and meaningless. buildings do not work, there is zero fun."
,Not Recommended,402710,25745269,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Stadl0r [No. 4],"I am aware this is an Early Access title but my honest opinion is don't buy into it for a few months down the road. As of now it feels like it's trying too hard to be ARK (ex. the inventory management UI is identical) but without the same level of enjoyment as other survival titles such as Ark, Hurtworld, and Space Engineers.The multiplayer functions are broken right now we no server being accessible."
76561198075226703,Not Recommended,402710,26422065,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,xXNineLivesXx,"First of all it dosent promes what it shows in the video, you dont get a ship, no vehicles and most of the stuff you cant even use because its just for looks. i mad baracks computer and shower, guess what you cant even use them, also you cant make guass tanks. Anothere thing is you can only find lithium in one place well diamond is basically none existent? even if it is early acces you would think they would update it at least once in awhile. Lastly the game is really anoying / a lttle to hard core you get attaclked by monsters ever five seconds and they always know were you are, they even sometimes drope right ought of the sky right on top of you. its deffaught setting need to not be on infested planet cause its bad. If the game developer reads this (Dont falsly advertise what isent in the game) -> you eithere implemt everything what you show in video or loss buyers, its bad when you implement less in game than whats in video."
,Not Recommended,402710,34893040,Posted: 11 September,all,pSychRite,"I can't craft a shovel. I spent a long time away from this game knowing they needed to improve it and I come back to it to try it out, and I'm cockblocked in my crafting d1. I have the skill, the forger, but still can't craft a shovel, which you need to get get to any sort of a decent save point. This game is not even in early access status yet... I really hope they do SOMETHING with it bc they have my money lol. ♥♥♥♥in shovels."
,Not Recommended,402710,26031731,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Conargle,"No Man's Sky a heavy graphically stylised empty game with very little gameplay depth.Osiris: New Dawn Is a slightly graphically realistic empty game with very little gameplay depth.Whats the difference aside from graphic styles? This one is slightly more empty. No flying, no vehicles at all, a single planet, resource collecting is even more grindy.  At least, that's what was in the version i played. Yes the trailer was misleading, yes i did still enjoy the two hours i got from it with a friend before a refund.TL:DRIs it worth the £19 full price i paid? no. at least not currently. Maybe later i'll repurchase..."
,Not Recommended,402710,25803695,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Xiberius,"I've tried to play this game but on the start point i try to build the first structure and it says 'planet has reached structure capacity' and thats on a planet with 0 people.I then try a different server and if i'm lucky to get one without the above message it places you right next to another player and wont let you build next to them. You can't get far enough away as you only have a few minutes of oxygen.Graphics are really nice and the creatures are well designed - Given time this will be a very good game, but the devs need to first clean up the servers so that people can actually play it, or disable multiplayer for now and have people play single player only.As a sandbox single player game its looks interesting, not a lot to do yet but this game but have high hopes for it in the future."
76561197999631901,Not Recommended,402710,25792281,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Souma,"I know it is still in development stage, but 25 bucks for this is a no go.- I have a rifle and I have to empty 4 clips of ammo to kill another guy? Needle ammo? or BB gun?- Graphic frame rate is terrible (maybe my rig is not good enough, what about u?)"
76561197991324365,Not Recommended,402710,25842638,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Eagle Eye ™,"Waste of $25. It's a joke to consider this mess ""Early Access Game"". At least ""real"" early access games have a few hours of playable content. The bugs are horrible to the point the game is unplayable unless you restart you character a dozen times in order to get the mining to work. Do not waste your money on this hunk of junk."
76561197976405171,Not Recommended,402710,30421715,Posted: 9 March,all,Pestie,"As a rule of thumb, avoid buying any ""early access"" games."
76561198287401885,Recommended,402710,34893308,Posted: 11 September,all,monstergiant11,"the game lagg a LOOOOT i can play skyrim, shadow of mordor without any lag and i have a lot of difficulty to play because of the lag :$"
76561198210078525,Not Recommended,402710,25950038,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,ChumpyKnuckle,Its ok. Slightly annoying as i get gobbled by a huge worm thing evry time i moved on to find reources. The game certainly has potential but i would not recommend until a bit further down the line.
76561198045367778,Not Recommended,402710,31658313,Posted: 9 May,all,viper102012,"It broke my pc cant even start it back up, it froze up my pc i couldnt ctrl alt del had to hard reset now it freezes on start up"
76561198043403759,Not Recommended,402710,27829234,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Winter Soldier,NO GOOD
76561198036997440,Not Recommended,402710,25998036,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,Loli Fondler,"I'll keep my eye on this but for now I'm refunding it.I couldn't even get through the tutorial because resoucres are so spread out from each other and I couldn't find any useable titanium to build a forge with. I was hoping I'd start out with like a buggy or something, or at least be able to use any basic metals to make a forge so I could build one.The titanium I did find I was unable to mine with my chisle, and it seemed like the hitbox was broken.The aliens were fun until I accidentally reloded my gun too many times and my ammo vanished into the aether, never to return.So rather than spend another 20 minutes with literally nothing else to do I just alt f4'd, deleted local content, and submitted my refund ticket. It's not a bad game, not at all. It's simply not finished at a level I feel is acceptable to charge money for.There's a stark lack of custimization in the options menu. No FOV slider, or option to turn off certain annoying lensflares.It looks promising. And it will sit in my wish list. But encountering a bug in such a short amount of gameplay time just puts me off.Hope this game can eventually draw me back in but until then I just don't see myself enjoying this."
76561198041873863,Not Recommended,402710,25766177,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,afgm_Donk,Just another grind die grind die survival game. Graphics are not great and the UI is a bit clunky.To be honest I don't find this game enjoyable and if you arn't having fun what is the point.
76561198036637358,Not Recommended,402710,25837293,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,HEAVY,i can't play this game.i have ALOTS of bugs and when i move my mouse the screen stopsplease fixed and i relly like this game and i can't wait
76561197997355562,Not Recommended,402710,25840454,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,woot,"Are you kidding me? Early access? This is NOT early access, this is freaking ALPHA!!! Minor bugs? Some graphics aren't even in the game yet? (try 3rd person with a shovel) WTFFFFFFF!DO NOT PAY FOR THIS, YOU ARE PAYING FOR ALPHA ACCESS!"
76561198033456528,Not Recommended,402710,25793305,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Ranger,cant even connect to multiplayer.... droped by server logic??? what is that????
76561198004538351,Not Recommended,402710,25771972,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Buzzerker,"I would not buy it as it is now. Great graphics , but it has issues. I got a refund for it."
76561198383359240,Not Recommended,402710,31380607,Posted: 26 April,all,plemmonsdillon19,Tried Playing Cant Even Get Off Main Menu where It Says Enter! No Matter What I Do It Just Shows Enter!
,Not Recommended,402710,32161386,Posted: 3 June,all,MoXZ,DONT BUY İT UNTİL İT İS OUT OF EARLY ACCESS AND THAT İS İMPOSSİBLE THEY ARE LİARS THEY SAİD NEW RESOLUTİONS AVAİLABLE BUT İTS NOT
76561197999546591,Not Recommended,402710,25758258,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,natashagmt,"Potential 8/10Curent state 4/10Very frustrating for now as such basic things as checking the keybindings so I know what button does what is Not Posible! so switching on the flashlight is a trial and error process. (its L for Light by the way).The innitial mission's (tutorial?) are in need of some love. If you accidentley skip a mission, going back to it is not as far as I can see possible, so now what do I do?. Annoying.The innitial missions require you find 3 things to build a forge. Iron (found within 100m of start) Titanium (a little bit more rare but found it within a couple of minutes) and Plutonium. and that last was the rub. I started a circlular search patern 100m from my base, then moved to 200m. Got attacked by some lifeforms, ran out of assault rifle amo, got eaten by a Giant worm (dont tell Frank Herbert) there IS plutonium around, but it was a real pain to find it, like NO fun at all, as without it I cant even build a forge to make more amo for my rifle so basic mobs dont eat me alive.I move TOO DAMN SLOWLEY!! Getting anywhere seems to take forecer, and as my o2 meter gets low I have to start WALKING!!. sorry but I am a child of the digital generation. My patience is measured in Microseconds. FORCING me to a slow as hell walking pace for at least half the time is garanteed to realy drive me nutso crazy.If the devs keep up the work and rationalise the starting process to make it less painfull, I can definatley see this game being good. But for now... Refund Please!"
,Not Recommended,402710,28702094,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Hemp,Refunded.
76561198154344647,Not Recommended,402710,30902913,Posted: 2 April,all,DIMI3,♥♥♥♥ing sucks
,Not Recommended,402710,25774326,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Milo Kerrigan,Unplayable... Refund please.
,Recommended,402710,29045543,Posted: 5 January,all,Game Cooker US Rocks VR,"My Specs: FX8320/16 Gigs RAM/GTX 1070Good things:1. Sci-fi space game2. Have a robot drone for helper and he can harvest for you too. BIG + THERE3. Can build things4. Have guns to use5. Have an inflatable bio-dome home6. The quests give hints as to what to do. I wasn't paying much attention so....7. Meteor showers, weather, wind storms8. Graphics are good but I thought they would be much better than they actually were. I hope they improve upon them with some more realtime rendered environments.9. You can make your own server and customize it. YES !!! Me no like PVP. PVE co-op /thumbs up. ;-)Not so good but not bad either as I expected them in this game:1. Inventory limited but you can use drone for storage if need me2. Monsters can be a pain and difficult to battle for their elusiveness and damage they cause especially when you are hurt/broken/over burdened with stuff/ near death3. Night time.....we should just be able to sleep it off if we choose. Going out at night is not really productive even with flashlight4. Weather can be a nuisance too as you can't see well and get things done effectively. I'd rather go eat and wait for the storms to pass than hear the noise of it. Yes it adds character to the game but I would like to have a different suit to wear that accommodates us during certain scenarios so we can do things without being annoyed. Realism is realism. Game hardcore realism can be frustrating and not fun.5. Single player is not as fun as I am sure co-op would be. I don't think I'll do single player anymore. Better to get more done with a friend or two.My complaints are just the annoyances I had with the game. That does not mean I do not like the game. Survival games are usually a love hate thing for me anyhow. I hate to say it but I don't think the game is worth $24.99 right now. I only played about 1 1/2 so there may be a lot more to the game. I hope so. Anyway I say this is a must buy if you like the genre in a sci-fi theme.Some video of my first noob lazy late night play.https://youtu.be/sRiENZyNQTY"
76561198093248691,Not Recommended,402710,25777028,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Kisstantari,"Fastest return in my history of gaming, log into the floor of some one,s stucture, respawn same thing."
76561198254694080,Not Recommended,402710,30128950,Posted: 23 February,all,Muffin,How do you get a refund?
76561197973637917,Not Recommended,402710,30858352,Posted: 31 March,all,"Deathy McSeltzer, DMD","well i just bought this today and have died like 9 times in 30 minutes of play.  It dumps you on this moon with a breached suit leaking air.  I only died about 5 times before I figured out how to set up a shelter.  A help file would be great.  I died from thirst with 5 containers of water I don't know how to drink. I can pick them up, select them and attempt to activate but I never figured out how to drink.  Also the controls are so sluggish, I don't see how I could ever survive a fight.  I press walk and its a full 1.2 seconds before my avatar moves. Strafing consistently overshoots my target, then i overcorrect like a drunken noob.  I've played a lot of shooters and no one could compete with these awful controls.  I can't recommend it now, maybe if I figure out how to tweak the controls and get some guidance on commands it will get better.I played for another hour and as I feared I'm no match for the giant bugs that come after me apparently materializing out of thin air.  The little ones I could never hit and the big ones seemed to ignore the pistol.  I think the game has a lot of promise but there is a lot of work left to do."
,Not Recommended,402710,25761100,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Azthetik,"I dont know how this game is getting such good reviews when it runs like a steaming pile of garbage. Refunded, I might come back when the game works better. There is no reason I should be running this game at such terrible FPS.CPU: Intel Core i5 4590 Quad Core 3.3ghzGraphics Card: Factory Overclocked GTX 1070Ram: 16GB (2x8GB) Corsair Vengeance 1866MHz"
,Not Recommended,402710,34989732,Posted: 16 September,all,Simple,First time trying to play- can't mine anything- can't build anything- got killed by a giant worm10/10
76561197971655121,Not Recommended,402710,26057079,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Frobozz,"As of this review you can't bind keys you are stuck with what the game has as a default.   I use the up down arrows on all games (I know its weird) . I have never ever run into a game that you can not change this.  This is a really really basic thing and should have been done first. I was hesitent to to buy this at $25. I feel is a bit on the high side for a game in alpha state so once I saw that you can't bind keys I thought to myself ""you have got to be kiddin"".  I wish the devs the best of luck but I am out."
76561198058484204,Recommended,402710,30860074,Posted: 31 March,all,StarFlights,"To all of the cries babies who said ""begining is too hard"", ""i don't find any mineral"" or also ""aliens are really means to me =(""I will only say .... GIT GUD !!!"
76561198038685365,Not Recommended,402710,29647753,Posted: 2 February,all,calicovi,i dont understand what you are ment to do were you are ment to go and what the goal ishaving some sort of sandbox mode would help but overall i had no idea what or where to go
76561198097415986,Not Recommended,402710,25758899,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Chas 3 Sticks,"Don't let the trailers or gameplay/screenshots that they have here fool you. The game does not run as well as advertised, it does not have functioning multiplayer, the one time I was actually able to connect the server constantly crashed allowing for a total of ten minutes of gameplay. There is multiple bugs. I CRAVE space games. I live and die for space sims and survival games but this takes the cake of the most unoptomized game I've ever played. I have requested a refund and will consider buying it again/playing it again when it is in a playable state.TL;DRWait for LOTS of progress otherwise else it's pretty bad"
,Not Recommended,402710,26427653,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Nameless Gentleman,Are you an idiot that enjoys watching popular let's players scream over nothing?  Then this game is for you.
,Not Recommended,402710,25840343,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Corbenik,nothing to do
76561197962908893,Not Recommended,402710,31053918,Posted: 9 April,all,Fake News,Trash
,Not Recommended,402710,34905097,Posted: 12 September,all,저스틴,I'll try again for sure. Maybe next time.
76561198285467881,Not Recommended,402710,25917676,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,mike44081,sucks
,Not Recommended,402710,25785835,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Sadpling,.
,Not Recommended,402710,25913991,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,^0-=]^7X^0.T.^7C^0[=-,"This is the worst ""Early Access Game""  I played so far. The developer claimed to be somewhere between the alpha and beta status in terms of process, but they are far away in my opinion. There are so many things missing and the gameplay just sucks so hard. This games has a lot of potential but will it be finished in an acceptable timeframe?I hope so, since I threw in some money to receive a playable product."
76561198061365547,Not Recommended,402710,25760763,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Rocken,"I purchased this after watching a few youtube vidoes that appeared to show flawless gameplay, it does show some promise as the visuals look amazing. I was however; completely unable to play multiplayer, I was getting about 3 FPS and I have a pretty solid machine. I requested a refund and will be watching for future updates on fixing the optimization."
,Not Recommended,402710,25773295,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Thalestr 💜,"For some reason they thought that it would be a good idea to make the starting crafting station require surprisingly rare materials to actually build. This resulted in me doing literally nothing during my playtime but wandering the landscape looking for these extremely uncommon materials only to either not find them or to die and lose all my starting supplies.  The one time I actually made it to nighttime, the creatures of the night ripped my robot to shreds and destroyed it and nearly killed me while I tried to defend it. This was with reduced enemy AI setting.Apparently there are cool buidings and vehicles in this game. Couldn't tell you, as I can't even build the starting crafting table/forge/station.Refund submitted.Update: After doing some reading around, apparently extremely long resource grinds are common in this game. If you want to build even the most simple structure then you will be doing a LOT of smacking at rocks. I stand by my refund."
76561198044739636,Not Recommended,402710,25843129,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Donald J Trump,"This review may or may not change depending if the devs are good or are complete trash. First thing first, you should leave a little note saying you need space in front of the laboratory since vehicles spawn in front of it. Me having no idea how this thing works, I spawn my spaceship and it instantly bugs into my habitat. It takes me 10 minitues to get it free, and then its legit impossible to fly. I set my mouse to the highest dpi it goes to (16400). And I can not steer it no matter how hard I try. I eventually run into a huge♥♥♥♥♥mountain thing and there is no way for me to reverse so my vehicles is permentantly stuck. Before this I made a G.A.V. and guess what? That got stuck too, and since there is no game mechanic for me to fix my vehicles which I spent 2 hours getting resources for. I do not recommend this game now, I will infact suggest it once they fix these issues which might take a month or two or three. Untill then I am not going to suggest anyone this game since the late game objects, are utter♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Not Recommended,402710,31944630,Posted: 24 May,all,「MLG」☠Rare Damage✈BOING☁Main,Есть подозрения что проект будет заброшен или долго развиваться ...
76561197998961585,Not Recommended,402710,25916270,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Delta Kilo,"I don't understand early access.  So many broken things.  All this game is, is resource gathering.  Walking forever to get a resources and repeat.  Hundreds of times.  It's like work.  Games are suppose to be fun not feel like work.  The droid can't even gather resources because it can't figure out how to get home.  You can't summon the droid to you.  Resources are WAY to spread out.  This game is 95% gather resources.  Then you try and make something only to find out your short an item that will take you 15 minutes real time just to get to then 15 minutes to get back and you probably wont have have enough carry capacity to grab enough so enjoy this hell.  I uninstalled.  You get one chance to make a good impression.  If the game isn't to the point of making a good impression through descent game play it should be released.  A complete waste of money and time.  I wont ever come back to this in the future."
,Not Recommended,402710,28405417,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Toxicscorpion,I WANT A REFUND PLEASE ;-;
,Not Recommended,402710,30637302,Posted: 20 March,all,Bonger,Not FUn
,Not Recommended,402710,34904034,Posted: 12 September,all,Pigeon379,"this game looked fun but i had 15 fps on lowest settings, you need a REALLY GOOD pc to handle this."
76561198084358693,Not Recommended,402710,34980265,Posted: 15 September,all,kagehyo6,"BORING!!!From the start you're just running around hitting rocks and it is very slow to progress. There's no way to heal yourself until you move further along in the game and can craft bandages or med kits. You can heal yourself with items you find but, after that, you're kinda just stuck, unable to heal until you can find the items necessary to make bandages; which requires a 3D printer, which requires scarce materials...  :("
76561198038169657,Not Recommended,402710,25952673,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,indelko,"YOU CANT BUILD IN MULTIPLAYER CAUSE THERE ARE LIMITS TO HOW MANY BUILDINGS THERE CAN BE ON ONE PLANET. THIS MEANS YOU ARE STUCK IN THE FIRST WORLD AND CANT PLAY THE GAME, DONT BUY THIS GAME."
,Not Recommended,402710,25781677,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Enot,Titanium search simulator 2016.I would write a proper review if I could find titanium to progress the game further past the point of placing inflatable dome.
,Not Recommended,402710,25772688,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,[GG] The Fabby [NL],Extreme no go.So many bugs like people spamming you with colony invites and then missclick once happens and bye bye base.
76561198351002149,Not Recommended,402710,34783006,Posted: 6 September,all,jadair123,I think this is a great game and has a lot of potential but one problem is that the game needs a amazing computer and because of that i had a lot of lag and i did not look at the requirements vary much because i have a good computer that runs most games vary well and if i had to much lag i turned down the setting and i have not seen a game that needs a vary good computer well one better that mine now i would not recommend this game for every one this is a good game if you have a computer that can run it and it does not lag just a little bit for me i get about 3 to 5 frames per second with lowest graphics i can set them to now what i would recommend is to know that your computer can run it without lag and i think the developers will and should work to make it the lesser computers can run it like being able to lower the graphics more one of the ressons i think this game has a lot of potential is the graphics but you don't need to have perfect graphics now i think you should be able to have awesome graphic if you wan't them but it's not needed osiris new dawn can be one of the best game ever for every one but it's only good for the people with computers that can run the game vary well and if they make it so it can run on more computers they make more money that is one resson i think they will make the game able to run on more computers that are not as good if you are reading this now check the date of this because it could of been changed by the time you read this could be fixed or not but look at more up to date comments before you make your choice and know if your computer can run it that was one mastake i made but it is a good game and to the developers i think you should work next to make the game run better
,Not Recommended,402710,25772394,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Spin7ion,The game is really piece of bug. The terrain is glitching and disappears sometimes.I tuned master sound to 1/3 so it should be ok and sounds were ok unless I tryed to place the building. I swear I thought I will start bleeding because of sound at 100% volume of building UI! It is 100% volume for aliens too!
,Recommended,402710,25742988,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,ZEE,> Wake up on an abandoned planet> don't fix your suit with ♥♥♥♥ing ducktape> die> repeat10/10 would die again.
,Not Recommended,402710,34983531,Posted: 15 September,all,THE_BRONY_GAMER,ok dont get this game this game isnt noob freindly you always die on the first day and its very very hard to get used to no matter what class you choose so dont even bothering getting.
76561197975345660,Not Recommended,402710,25830117,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Barthy Burgers,Downloaded game.Launched gameCreated toonLaunched into MultiplayerMade it two steps before killed by another playerChoose another server with less playersMade it three steps before killed by another player.Guess I can't really recommend this to my friends just yet. Will jump in again in a month or two depending on reviews. Enjoy all who made past the two steps.
76561198013051062,Not Recommended,402710,25798035,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Mirza,Bad Opt. Low Fps (8 Ram GTX950 I7 1366X768) Lack of Content Not even a 7DAYS ...... High Prize Lol İts Early Access Dont Rob Player. Before Studios was giving Demo for player to Try and Buy Now they show content and promise we pay first then they run away... Early Access is ......
76561198325328490,Not Recommended,402710,30899231,Posted: 2 April,all,cudelalex,I have a high end pc laptop with 16gb of rm and and i7 prosesor and this thing ran horribl even with the graphics on the lowest setting possibe do not buy unless you have a supper desktop computer
76561197989498775,Not Recommended,402710,26305970,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Ninjajohn,"stop with the bug fixes, it toke me and a friend 6 houres to be done with this game. build it all.. it needs more contence.."
76561198062941366,Not Recommended,402710,28552296,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,PilotLaunch,this game sucks i want a refund
,Not Recommended,402710,28766965,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,SirKnight,"It might be a good game, but right now at 1080p on lowest settings, on i7 6700K, gtx 1070 and 32GB of RAM I get an average of 38FPS, flucuating between 30-59FPS. ON LOWEST SETTINGS... this game isn't graphically spectacular, and the 1070 can run witcher 4K at a solid 40 fps so... yeah.Refunded.I'll wait till it's finished and polished, if it ever makes it out of Early Access."
76561198074917155,Not Recommended,402710,25809627,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Dodge1977,The game is hardly playable. full of bugs. Tried to build a greenhouse two times it disapeared with all resorces for this building....just vanished
,Not Recommended,402710,30915088,Posted: 2 April,all,AcydRayn,"Literally.... I have literally, never written a review... This game is garbage. Tehre's no indication how to start and all you do is die... These developers are, literally, moronic."
76561198130463752,Not Recommended,402710,32137956,Posted: 2 June,all,Solarcode red,Trash
,Not Recommended,402710,34846926,Posted: 9 September,all,d3br0wn,"Nice Idea, nice look, crafting & farming is okay if you allowed to cause every cool thing is on ""Coming Soon""way to few on the content .. 10h with 2 players and we did everything ... ;)On Sale ~10€ okay but not for 23€"
,Not Recommended,402710,29194224,Posted: 11 January,all,Getting Crunk Off Cuck XD,Just me but this game sucks
,Not Recommended,402710,25760348,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Boobie Pillow,"|_________________________________________________|BEFORE YOU READ ON!just have a look at how many hours people who both Like and Dislike this game have played. most are sitting under 3 hours... the devs say there is about 40 hrs of gameplay in this at early access release... so.... why is nobody playing so much for such a ""great game"".... here is what I think.|_________________________________________________|I bought this game hoping for a more action varient of Take on Mars. and... I think that's what I was playing? I don't really know because I haven't done much and I am refunding the game. Here is why:Taking into account this game is in early access and as the developers say in their plans that the game is somewhere between Alpha and BetaGRIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIND CIIIIIIIIIITY.  You start out with some basic survival tools (some water, food and a few magazines for your gun). The game also starts you out with a little buildable hab so you can save your game and replenish oxygen if you run out.then the game tells you to build a forge.... like in any survival game its bascially a crafting table to craft more advanced items... you'd think you'd need to grab a few resources that you may have to venture out for so you can build it (which is what a surivival game is all about really). But here is where the game just goes completely downhill.   You can only sprint for a short amount of time before your temp. goes up, your oxygen goes drastically down and your stamina as well. Meaning youll be doing short sprints before having to walk for a decent amount of time to get your O2 back up (be mindful that if your O2 drops to 0.... you cannot replenish it unless inside a building... for some reason...). So to go about 1km it will take you about 5-10 minutes (one way) of walking to HOPEFULLY find the plutonium and titanium (resources do not render into view unless you are about 100 m from them so good luck trying to actually plan where to go before you know where they spawn) you need to build the forge and then try to manage the weight of it to bring it all back. (building a base there would work... but youd have to wait for the resources to respawn once youve got them all... which can take some time). So. Youve finally found your resources and its going to take you 5 -10 minutes to get back. You build the forge, the tutorials stop and leave you out to fend for yourself... but you only have 3 magazines left from all those baddies you killed... Looks like youll need some magnesium to build more ammo... you havnt found any magnesium.... well okay. lets go walking for another 30 - 60 minutes looking for it and avoid every living thing on the planet because you have so little ammo left.THis is literally how the game goes. grinding in a survivaly game in some areas is a necessity.... but usually has some interesting points to it... this game... the grind is literally walking around bored stupid trying to find basic resources which all involve being hit with a hammer so you can bring it back to the base.P.S. I WAS PLAYING WITH RESOURCE LEVELS ON THE HIGHEST. IT DOES NOT INCREASE PROXIMITY OR ANYTHING OF THE SORT THAT I CAN TELL. IT JUST PUTS MORE OF IT DOWN AT THE PLACES WHERE THEY ARE LOCATED."
,Not Recommended,402710,25949833,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,r4serei [FTP],"This haiku explains everything:spend hours making base.take a break and log back in...everything gone!confucius say ""HAHA! Round eye thought early access meant finished game! LOL!"""
76561198069607345,Not Recommended,402710,25813865,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Vvenom,"Played for 7 minutes on lowest graphics. The ground dissappeared beneath my feet and i had x-ray vision like i was superman. Although its a good thing i didn't play long, from what ive seen the enemies would have just destroyed me as i shoot at where they were. Very dissapointed i can't seem to get a decent framerate for this game. From what ive seen on utube vids this game looks fun, however, unless they are going to step it up, this game isnt worth that price. If they add enough, Id definitely support it."
76561197986137699,Not Recommended,402710,25800354,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Alois,"Cool game definitely not ready for release i know its early, but just too early still."
,Not Recommended,402710,26497980,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,RemyS,Booooooooooorrrrrrrrrrrriiiiiiiiiiiiiiiinnnnnnnnnnnngggggggggggg
76561198217954871,Not Recommended,402710,25998509,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,Sammyoungson,"NO POINT In BUYING NOWSo up until today i was absolutely in love with this game and how amazing it was already. I had spent about 20 hours builidng my base and upgrading my tools and had finally built a spaceship to go to space; basically done everything you can do in early access. However when the new update came in today it completely reset my character and character data. WTF????? SO every time they update it this happens, i asked a friend and he said itd done the same thing to his game as well, so in conclusion there is no point in buying this game now until the full version comes out unless you like spending hours on your character and base and vehicles to have it reset every month when the game gets a new update. ):("
76561198166752827,Not Recommended,402710,26092931,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,CurrieChicken,not a good game at all
,Not Recommended,402710,26136508,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,Death Star Pumpkin Guy,Gave me aids.
76561198130817528,Not Recommended,402710,32743914,Posted: 24 June,all,Dom,bad
76561197988077558,Not Recommended,402710,25938316,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Liberator,"Outrageous. You comb the bug and glitch filled desert working, grinding and chizeling your way to your first monument of actual progress such as a spaceship or rovor. Filled with, albeit small, amount of satisfaction, you and your friend go to take a break only to come back to our ""saved"" colony and find it missing. Gone. Nothing. Kaput.  Maybe a blackhole? Nope. Maybe a giant space space worm devoured it? Nope. How about quick sand? Nah. OH I KNOW, maybe the developer managed to develop an ingenious way to not save your 6 hours of tedious work so when you come back, your fruits of seemingless endless labor are all but withered into the abyss of the 3rd moon of proteus 9 and 3/4s. You guessed it. OH BY THE WAY SOMETIMES YOUR GAME DOESN'T SAVE. The developers blame everything from simultainiously running software to your firewalls but can't even admit a little bit that their silly little game has gone fubar.NOTE TO THE DEVELOPERS: Next time you release a game you might not want to overlook a little thing like being able to save, people don't like it when their game defies them.Save yourself the heartache and go play No Man's Sky, even though the developers of that are a bag of cryptic pathological liars, at least your stuff will be there when you get back.Oh and if any body out there tries to scold me saying its an early access game. Remember the time its taking you to state the obvious is time better served giving reach arounds to the developers. Early Access or not, ♥♥♥♥ing up the ability to save progress in a game is like forgetting to attach extra O2 tanks to the next manned flight to mars."
,Not Recommended,402710,30842181,Posted: 30 March,all,Natstir,it is so laggy and filled with crashes and bugs that i cant even play it for more than 6 minutes without the game crashing or something killing me that i cant even see because the game hasnt rendered it yet
,Not Recommended,402710,29048629,Posted: 5 January,all,Yes Your Dead,I ♥♥♥♥ing hate this game and i cant refund it
76561198253450847,Not Recommended,402710,28497927,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,P90mus pRime,"too much grind,  i like cakes cookies and i touch myself"
76561198326212399,Not Recommended,402710,32042932,Posted: 29 May,all,Ghost,Too hard to get resources no guides help and there is nothing to do when you dont know where to go and get resourcesi don't recomend at all.
76561198325570329,Not Recommended,402710,28642144,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,isellcats,wtf it runs at 13 fps waste of ♥♥♥♥ing money kys♥♥♥♥♥holes
,Not Recommended,402710,30853213,Posted: 31 March,all,JoeyJJ,The music is awful. The gameplay is stale and boring.
76561198086079194,Not Recommended,402710,25745449,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Baza7781,"Having a lot of issues currently, I try and get onto single player and when i click the create charachter button nothing happens, tried online too and just logged me off as soon as i loaded into a server."
76561198240561828,Not Recommended,402710,29318819,Posted: 17 January,all,Xixxin,No. Just no. The lag is real. 12 fps. Not cool. I liked to play it until it lagged.
,Not Recommended,402710,30606691,Posted: 18 March,all,lunicorn (serafim),"I thought it to be classic game, with movie intro, multiple characters, with story and logic and easy introduction of the gameplay and controls. However it seems to be more an unrealistic sandbox, you come into planet without any tutorial or movie, without story, you are alone and you beat stones for resources that jump out of the rock as colorful boulders or you beat animals with the same hammer to: again get resources or to defend. Generally this game gives what i call a cheap multiplayer, not a single player. The only difference from usual multiplayer is that you play alone, without other players.Everything is trying to kill you, you are extremely vulnerable to be killed by one stroke of anything and all the time you are repairing your space-suit. But how? With a tape! One stroke of a key on keyboard and the space-suit is repaired and getting back to normal by itself. So unrealistic and so dummy. No story, nothing. You are about to die in a minute. Again and again.At first you think you are lame, but later you find out it is hard to understand what to do. Not that it would be realistically hard to survive, it is just hard to understand how the unrealistic game works. So first you try to proudly start the game again and survive by yourself but later you give up and just always click to continue anyway without having to start from scratch again. You have to find your dead body from before and get the stuff you had before getting killed. That way you at least try to survive and continue learning the game.The thing about learning the game is not that the game would be too complicated, the problem is that the controls are so simple that you don't know what to do to advance at least a bit. ...from the inventory you learn which building needs which resources but most of the resources you have no idea how to get. So you find out which thing you can create from the resources around and when you manage not to die before building it, you have no idea what to do with the stuff you build and how to continue. You have some generator that does nothing visible, you have a storage you dont see how to use and you have a space toilet standing in the open space of a harsh planet.No story, no other characters, no idea how to advance in the game, so easy to die from anything and also no way to save the position in the game! At the same time it is hard survival trying to show you how hard it would be to survive in reality, but at the same time...: Very lame illogical unrealistic game where you beat stones or animals or trees and things jump out of it and you wear tons of iron, copper and lead in your tiny backpack lol. And you repair your spacesuit with tape with pressing one key on keyboard (ok, two keys, you always have to switch the tools). You have a jetpack that refills by itself forever and with several boulders of iron, titanium and plutonium (!lol) you create by hand advanced engineering technology. Lol, lol, lol. So realistic, that you immediately understand that it is just a need and love for realism that needed you to be so easy to kill and to be put without any introduction onto some fictious planet.What the hell happened with the computer games? Comparing to other sandbox survival games and other early access games this one works pretty well, have pretty nice look and have nice music. However is this all that people nowadays ask from a game?? Unrealistic self-tormenting without story, fun or any service? You can't even grab an object into your hands in this game - why bother the programmers coding this simluation detail, right? Since you can just beat around with a hammer and things jump into your magical backpak by itself - why would you code a working hands for the player. Does the player want a simulation? Then he should buy expensive VR accessories and search for a specific game focused on this feature of taking objects into his hands. What the ♥♥♥♥ do you ask, player, from us? This is a survival game! Which means, you will torment yourself in an open space beating with hammer things around. That's all! And we need a lot of money to create this! Where did the actual ""games"" went? All the tradition of having a nice 3D simulation, having nice story and cinematics, advanced user-friendly controls and doing something new which would beat the previous games?Nooo.... nowadays you get microgames packed and priced as big titles and you have to give huge applause to the developers if they manage to debug the virtual space to the extent you don't fall into free space while walking. ....when comparing to real games like Tex Murphy: Pandora Directive, Star Wars: Jediknight or The Witcher 3 and how long and hard the developers had to work on it and how they are priced, all of these want-to-be-games are just a robbery. They cost like almost the same price for doing just a small portion of the work on the real games. And all of this is protected by state law which says you cannot demand responsibility or money back from an author of a software piece.-----------------------------------------UPDATE--------------------------------------------I have an update which supports the robbery behavior of the creator - I tried to ask for the money back, as Steam offers this possibility even though it is longer then the alledged 14 days term for asking refund. Why not to try. And the result is telling us something: Although Steam offers this from its own will and claims to review each request individually, I got automatic rejection in just 1 hour (!) saying money cannot be returned because I violated the 14 days term or played longer than for 2 hours. No explanation, nohing individual in the very automatic refuse answer. Why do they offer the possibility to ask for refund after 14 days then??Well, I played exactly 2 hours. To test the game, in which I found the game is not what I expected from the promotions. Yes I have bought it much longer ago then 14 days, but what does it matter if I did not use the software? There is absolutely no responsibility for selling software and anyone can advertise it as something different than it is. Well, maybe they cannot, according to the superior laws. There is still law that says if you are not provided with what was promised, you have right to get your money back. Even for software. But who will go to court to sue them for it? Exactly. Practically no one. The bone fact is: The policy followed by Steam and developers is to advertise games in fraudulent way and the money are generated by this fraud, not by fair customer satisfaction policy. The goal is not to make good business. The goal is to sell in any possible way, including fraud. In past for each game there was a free demoIf you feel the same, you can contact me so we can gather with other groups to support a mass prosecution. ... I am not that anry on this game, in comparison to others this is still quite a good game with bunch of work done on it, there are many much worse cases of fraud here on Steam and elsewhere. But the principle is against the basic customer protection and software should not be in complete exemption. The exclusion of software products from the obligation to return money was established because a technical problem - if you download and install a software to your PC and then you ask for refund, you still can technically use the software, which would be used for abuse from customers, but here on Steam, you cannot use the software after money refund - the game gets deleted from your account and you cannot use it anymore.....anyway I just wanted to let you know, THIS REALLY IS ABOUT MONEY and their behavior, whether it is managed by the developers, Steam or both, proves that. Why would not fair developers want to return money to those who bought by mistake, who thought the game would be something different, and to avoid negative reviews. The goal of this whole business is to take money from you, not to sell you a good product. That is what it is."
,Not Recommended,402710,34904633,Posted: 12 September,all,SimpleStaple,Incredibly mundane and boring. Very lame crafting interface - like ARK with autism.
76561198044305318,Not Recommended,402710,28558086,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,freddette,WHAT A PIECE OF GARBAGE...IF I COULD GET MY MONEY BACK i WOULD....ABSOLUTE TRASH
,Not Recommended,402710,25763357,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Gruntak,"This game is lagging way to mutch to be plyable at this state. having 10/15 fps, and i have 2gtx 980 ti. and a sick prossesor!"
76561197961554116,Not Recommended,402710,29039719,Posted: 5 January,all,Xrossover,"I went to the funeral and had some thoughts about how I killed my money.My refund request was denied but I really don't want this game in my library.PLEASE, all the potential buyers out there, think twice before sacrificing your or even your parent's money.You will be going to your money's funeral in a black suit."
76561198088143921,Not Recommended,402710,28767369,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,1kHmuFor2Tap,"honestly not worth getting, looks good in the screenshots but its soo trash. You touch a plant your suit breaks makes your guy slow af so it takes years for you to get back to your base. And if your wondering the hours i have its because i refunded the game. :P"
,Not Recommended,402710,25760669,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,AzzAzeL,"The game is meh. ARK was much more fun. Spent an hour looking for Plutonium, can't get any. Would not recommend."
,Not Recommended,402710,34596415,Posted: 29 August,all,Parker,"this was a really♥♥♥♥♥♥game, was a waste of money"
76561198212050161,Not Recommended,402710,35018314,Posted: 17 September,all,toboldlygo,People DON'T buy this game... not while it is being tested ......they should be paying you to test it.....basicly your paying them to delete your game files every time they update so every single hour or days you put into this is a complete waste of your life .......this should be COMPLETELY FREE TO PLAY until beta or better..... once again steam bends you right over and gives it to you up the♥♥♥♥♥.... i think this game as is right now with having to pay for it is a.... complete ♥♥♥♥ing joke.... and a complete waste of time and money in it's current form this is why companies have free open alpha and beta to test thier games so they can move on to retail but these jokers want you to pay them to test thier game and completely waste your time ..............  TWO THUMBS DOWN!!!! ..........once again steam you are giving the people another reason to walk away from your site...and thats 2 strikes with me now .....3 strikes and im gone from here for good
76561198157455390,Not Recommended,402710,30409831,Posted: 9 March,all,Jonnythan,"I understand that it's early access, but ♥♥♥♥ man it's so ♥♥♥♥ing bad hahaha"
,Not Recommended,402710,28482348,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Angelus_Dolor,Last time I played this game it kept disconnecting and had to start over. Is it fixed now?
76561198008857271,Not Recommended,402710,30840606,Posted: 30 March,all,poseidon0024,The game keeps freezing and kicking me out! wasted 19.99
,Not Recommended,402710,25747166,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,CursedTranskara,"its a nice idea, but i start it and get 5 frames then crash... and believe me when i say im not running a potato. ima refund it for now and come back to it when that is fixed.https://gyazo.com/df58e52ff14cb2a015a4a2d47c0eef7aSPECS FROM GEFORCEA little more time with he game after i found out the only way to have the game work was to go into private games or single player. it seemed great at first i mean i like the graphics and my frame rate was really high (140ish unless it was night for some reason that would bring it to 50ish.)... but currently its missing alot of content. it did just drop though... so i am okay with that but i pray they dont just drop this game in a month or two...  bc the way this game is. i like itone thing i truly dont like though is how much everything weighs. (yes i understand metal is heavy okay) but you need alot of it. and there is a bug with the drone losing the items you put into it.. so take that how it is. i really want to like this game. and i will return to it when there is more content to give a new review."
76561198027912484,Not Recommended,402710,25760255,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Xinbak,reskin of ark?
,Not Recommended,402710,26059765,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,misstina68,Some people say this is better then no man sky.  it not even close as good as no man sky.
76561198191586683,Not Recommended,402710,25824780,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Best Town Hall 6 Base,"Went into a private server with a freind snd we grinded for hours on our world just for everything to be completely gone the next day........ get no mans sky, not this"
,Not Recommended,402710,25759736,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Ezikiel12,"Launch day of early access. Specs: 6700k, 980ti (latest drivers) 32GB RAM etc..Crashes a minute into playing, framerate is awful even on lowest settings, and too many other bugs to list."
76561198219014179,Not Recommended,402710,27355127,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,L4s3rwiz4rd33,wurst game ever cant even launch stay away sucks never even got 2 play trash wurster than no mans sky
76561198293132668,Not Recommended,402710,35011323,Posted: 16 September,all,Machismo_boy,purchased game only played 1 hr do not want this game i would like my money back
,Not Recommended,402710,29245279,Posted: 14 January,all,Milo Morbid,"Game is unable to be played on a triple monitor set up if you have your monitors in portrait mode.  I did disable two monitors for a while to try the game.  About as enjoyable as Grav, though quite abit prettier.Edit: Looks like they have fixed the issue with triple monitor set up."
76561198269508997,Not Recommended,402710,25792536,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,captian stanky ass,HATE THIS GAME
76561198302265839,Not Recommended,402710,25790769,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Ostrichman8,It lags like crazy on my HP Windows 7 Professional.Could somebody help me?
76561198053103163,Not Recommended,402710,25758057,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,sylverlyf,Not really my thing apprently. I felt sufficated while playing. Not a bad game just made me queesy while playing.
,Not Recommended,402710,25759733,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,The Kornelious,Game runs like trash and crashes every 2 minutes. Can't even play. 0/10
76561198136299353,Not Recommended,402710,31585507,Posted: 6 May,all,iEchoii,"This is the worst game i have ever played, it is a waste of money so don't buy it.[EDIT] It got even worse now, and erased my save files that I worked hard on."
76561198085223806,Not Recommended,402710,30843560,Posted: 30 March,all,Bob Marley Faruk,"Dont buy this game yet.its not ready to be sold as a game seriously, wait about 2-4 years and you might have some real content, for now if you like fighting crabs with downsyndrome and grinding for no end game and purpose be my guest and try find the fun.you can achieve everything in this game in 3 hours, i wasted 52 hours into it just so the devs can delete my progress because they couldnt control a bunch of hackers, lazy dev team, really boring game lol, not worth the pricetag, dont bother helping these devs they will just ♥♥♥♥ you by deleting the bases you grinded for :)kind regardssomeone who wanted osiris to be great"
76561198137114372,Not Recommended,402710,26077057,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,chrisgenade05,this game is worse than cancer.
76561198018670222,Not Recommended,402710,25744723,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Nightrun,"Not good.  Very limited in what you can do.  Combat is a mess.  Its just like every other survival, yet not finished"
76561198101799992,Not Recommended,402710,25773348,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,tracker53,games sucks
,Not Recommended,402710,30855240,Posted: 31 March,all,-Richy,This game sucks
,Not Recommended,402710,30842564,Posted: 30 March,all,Aluminium,♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,402710,25745199,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Anubiz,Unbelievable .... this is like someone that is  selling a fantastic car and when you buy it you will find yourself with a tricycle without wheels ....multiplayer? sure MMOthen the servers are not working at all plus are 0/24 WTF of MMO is it?REFOUND!!!
,Not Recommended,402710,34897630,Posted: 12 September,all,synthetics420,"So I started playing the game on singleplayer, basic start you crash on alien planet get resources from the crash blah blah blah, so far so good. I venture off into the world the game has givin me and start collecting rocks, metals and alien corpse, so far so good. I try going to the next mission which is three miles away, halfway there i turn around then get♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥i n g butt r a p e d by a  p e n i s monster and die. I say to myself that experience was more traumatizing than the sandy hook incident. So I try multiplayer, starts off the same as singleplayer, I try a mission which is also three miles away, I get two thirds of the way there then get violently a n a l e d by this giant sand spider. I quit the game and instantly refund.6.9/10  Analed by sand spider"
76561198130766088,Not Recommended,402710,25746860,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Screm,I mean options dont even do anythin wtf
,Not Recommended,402710,25765212,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,The Goyim Know,"Played a few minutes, then requested a refund."
76561197985958615,Not Recommended,402710,25744860,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Bloodyrus,Very bad game
,Not Recommended,402710,25743170,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Pibadi,"Another NO MAN'S SKY! Deceptive advertising.Check the TAGs for this game, do you see MMO? Check the wiki what it means.This game have NO MMO features. You can create private server for max of 5 of your friends and that's it.Another one bites the EA dust.I hope this game will never be released and this developers be punished for deceptive advertising!"
76561198116542456,Recommended,402710,30401531,Posted: 8 March,all,K0daLY,"By far THE BEST Open-World Sci-Fi Survival game I have ever seen and play. This game is what I have wanted for the past year in an Open-World environment. I CAN'T WAIT TO START MY LET'S PLAY SERIES ON THIS!Pros:- Two perspectives (Third-Person and First-Person)- Open-World Environment- Different Planets- Many crafting recipes- Guns!!!- Awesome VehiclesCons:- To get to another planet, instead of flying there, you need to aim at the planet and press space. At least if the devs are going to do that, just make it so it actually looks like you're landing on the planet. It's an aesthetic factor. It gives this game a -1 for using ""space""- Bugs when looking a certain direction, you can see through the ground. (MUST BE FIXED ASAP)- Proteus 2 looks vague and doesn't have alot to offer showing just sand, minerals, trees, and a few cliffs. Make it seem interesting!- when getting hit by an enemy, your character sways around. That pisses me off so much...- No attachments or mods for guns.- When aiming down sights, the crosshair is still there..."
76561198013454695,Recommended,402710,30402540,Posted: 8 March,all,chrisjreed,"Ive got about 30 hours in this so far and I really enjoyed it.  I especialy liked the vehicles that you can build.  The exploration was fun and graphics were solid.  The biggest downside for me so far is it needs more content.  However, it is in EA and they are diligently working on that so I am looking forward to going back and playing it again after an update or two."
76561198007101562,Recommended,402710,30424520,Posted: 10 March,all,Drenix,"The only game i ever returned then re-bought, was just too epic not to have even in early access.Yes there is bugs but there is also everything else i expected from other games i have paid alot more for, which fail in comparison to this.The only thing i can think of that's bad about it at the moment is that the dev's should advertise it better, it's a great game but i shouldnt of had to go tohttp://www.co-optimus.com/just to find out about it."
76561198294184361,Recommended,402710,30372625,Posted: 7 March,all,Cherokeedog,"Lots of reviews and media out there, so I've decided to just write a few words in order to give the game my rating.What this game does best is to have you immersed in the beauty of alien worlds, and if you have a taste for old school sci-fi movies on alien planets, you’ll notice a lot of references.As content and game-play, it basically has you play a survival exercise in various environmental conditions. Of course, that also includes the “preferred meal for the local wildlife” condition. This comes assorted with great graphics, which seems to be one of the main priorities in the game’s development.It's not hardcore and it's not a space sim.I’d say the game provides a solid experience for its development stage, focused on casual exploration with survival elements. The development team is active and dedicated, a lot of content is planned to be added and immersion seems to be the main goal."
76561198148942317,Recommended,402710,30381259,Posted: 7 March,all,LegendAnimation,"excellent overall, few notes: improve mob graphics, improve droid follow (they get stuck constantly on rocks hill etc..), improve asteriods graphics, improve building (would be great if you could build larger base buy connecting multiple habitats together), add fluid motion spinning whilst placing objects (objects tend to not be flush due to finite object placement angles), would love to see more planets added, add construction of space stations and orbiting strucures. Thanx!"
76561197990855819,Recommended,402710,30473209,Posted: 12 March,all,Ricardo,Fantastic early access game! Worth every penny
76561198001020423,Recommended,402710,29267356,Posted: 15 January,all,DirtBag857,"What do you get when you combine Interstellar, The Martian, and Alien? Osiris: New DawnPros:- great visuals, lighting and character movements- breathtaking atmosphere that immerses you all on its own.- customizable public and private servers allowing modification of alien presence and resource respawn among others.- intuitive crafting and building. Not too complex but enough to let you do what you want to.- sense of threat without being discouraging. Just enough to make you second guess venturing out at night alone, but not enough to stop you if you have enough suppies, ammunition, or even better - an armored rover.Cons:- as with any early release game, there are small things that are undoubtably being fixed- some animations are simplified for other players onlooking vs how they look on your screen- sometimes unclear point allocation for skill tree progression- space flight can be confusing when trying to travel to the other moon- player and monsters can occasionally clip and and out of structures.Conclusion: The game is still evolving and will undoubtably get better. Even with the few bugs (that keep getting fixed) it's not nearly enough to turn you off. As for right now, it's absolutely worth the price and is garunteed to keep you and your fellow sci-fi fans busy and having a great time. 9/10"
76561197970595380,Recommended,402710,29541210,Posted: 28 January,all,BenTus_XL,"It's like being in The Martian, Prometheus and Ark Survival Evolved, No Man's Sky at the same time.Probably the best Early Access iv'e played to date. This is a genre i like best to! Sci-Fi survival!And this game deliver that to the best, even as a early access.Very good and big updates couple of times in a month.What i like most in this game, is SP. You feel quite alone and the challenge just to survive and go on is satisfaction.Very nice to CO-OP to, but not as a huge MP! But that will change when there comes more moons and planets!I look so insanely forward to more content, the map has been improved alot, nice and many different vehicles to build, like MEC and Space ships and more.Nice weapons to, but i like the most is to build bases and stuff and explore and defend my self from the hords of aliens that appears. Those are M F SCARY!! But finaly got turrets now in my base.The progress of your level is very good to, much like in ARK sort of. Need to lvl up to access more stuff and also blueprints to get stuff.There is much content to build for now, but more is needed. Specially when the game is so huge!I hope to see space station base building to, I think we will see that coming, and there is a space station in the game already, think that will be trading post or something in the near future.This game is simply amazing already and more to come.Definitely worth every M F penny you got, because more is to come, so much more."
76561197988240314,Recommended,402710,29541414,Posted: 28 January,all,Jaeger,Love it can´t wait when you can explore other planets!
76561198084397848,Recommended,402710,29531191,Posted: 27 January,all,Jesus,"awesome game, physics are decent.  crafting is amazing"
,Recommended,402710,29531679,Posted: 27 January,all,KijijiKiwi,"I may not have played this game for a long time yet, but I can say in my experience at least ( playing solo in single player ) it is an absolutely incredible game. It may have some bugs and some things that don't work out so evenly or fair, but that is too be expected with an Early Access Game. I have had several on-edge heart-pumping moments in this game in only 10 hours, which is definitely saying something, and I am going to tell you about the most recent, most on the line, most risky one.I had just died from a long journey to a cave in order to get diamonds and some more lithium to build myself a hover-bike. I had no guns or anything to fight with left. So what did I do you may ask? I gathered those resources, I captured that gas, and I made myself! a pistol...I had no way of making myself an assault rifle as it required diamonds, which was one of the resources I was trying to get in the first place.This was my final gun. I did not have enough lithium to make another one if I messed up and the nearest lithium source that was not a cave was over two and a half kilometers away; a journey in which there is bound to be the greatest monsters. After this I did not know what to do, I made a post on the discussions section of the steam community section for Osiris: New Dawn asking if anyone had any suggestions. One lad gave me information that there was a cave entrance much closer to my base that the original entrance I took, I might be able to make it.I started the journey towards the cave entrance and carefully, silently ( to avoid detection from a nearby monster ) plopped down my inflatable dome kit next to the entrance and saved my spawn point there in case I died. Next, I hopped down the hole into the cave...I followed the cave to an opening into a larger cavern, there it was, diamonds! I started mining them but then I heard the noise. Most players of Osiris probably know the noise I am talking about. It was the noise, of a monster. I used my jetpack and in a complex order of left mouse button and space bar I was able to take it out! After that moment I was in the zone. Two more monsters came after me but I easily popped em' with my pistol. I managed to get two nodes of diamond and two nodes of lithium. I started to head back towards the entrance praying that I would not fall into the same fate as my prior journey, which was monsters guarding the cave entrance on my way out. I heard some, but I blasted out of that cave and ran into my inflatable dome as fast as I could! Monsters of all shapes and sizes were attacking my temporary housing unit, but I took them all out, every last one of them. one. by. one.I had done it I thought, all I had to do was make it back to my base ( heh, should've been wiser ). I started back to my base when suddenly two crab monsters, one young, and one adult, started charging at me. I was dead in less than half a minute. I spawned back in my inflatable dome only to come face to face with the adult crab monster. I just stood there, waiting for my death. 1, 2, 3, 4-BUT WAIT, my memory was blurry but I thought I had read somewhere that if you die in succession your first body will disappear. My last gun was on that body. I could NOT let that happen. I ran, I RAN as fast as my little legs could push me on a planet with much heavier gravity than on earth. I took my stuff back, and I continued running. I was one hit away from dying, yet, in some stunning incredible extreme max clutch moment, I somehow managed to get myself up onto a rock and slowly, yet surely take both of the crab monsters out with my pistol. It was nighttime now, if I tried to make the short journey back to my base I would have a large chance of being ambushed my monsters, yet same true if I stayed. I ran back to my base even faster than before, monsters approached from all sides! I threw myself into my airlock and screamed, I MADE IT! I safely stored away the diamonds and lithium and shot all the monsters down from the safety of my base. I remade my guns and also made the hover-bike I had wanted!TL;DR: Died on resource run in order to build certain item, Lost guns, could only make one more gun. Built gun and clutched a resource run with it, died once, almost twice taking resources back to base but clutched it and survived. Built back guns and original goal item.10/10 Would die on a long journey in order to get diamonds and lithium to build a hoverbike but die and lose their only guns again."
,Recommended,402710,28650929,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Sahand V,"Pros:*Good story*Fun to play*Good graphicsEdit:Less bugsLess disconnectionsNo limit on structures!Now we are all good! Thanks devs <3___________________PREVIOUS REVIEW:Cons:*Too many bugs*Random disconnectings*Few content ( For now. More is coming. ) Max 40h of playing will give you everything and you will explore everything*People come and visit servers and make some domes, then leave them. As a result there is no capacity of making strutures for real players. Server must delete those structures or don't limit structures. (Or make people choose a colony!)"
,Recommended,402710,30572364,Posted: 17 March,all,Qua5r,"Cool game with a lot of potental, hope there will be more soon. This game is like no man's sky good guy brother. so amazing game!!! Good job!!!"
76561198126283716,Recommended,402710,30561391,Posted: 16 March,all,Windows 98,"After a few hours of gameplay, I do agree that this game have a lot of potential and is good to play if you're into space exploring-survival game.If you like the movie interstellar and the martian, you'd probably want this gameThe Soundtrack is good, makes you feel helpless stranded on a planet alone (unless you're multiplaying) just like interstellar ost from my opinion.The salvage system is pretty detail and lots of grinding and exploring to doThis helps you feel a sorts of an accomplishment once you manage to build up structures and whatnotOnly the downside that I face during recent gameplay is that I can't claim the abandon structures once I left it for a few weeks. I hope the dev would fix this.I don't want all my efforts to go to waste after a few days working on it.. PLEASE FIX THIS QUICKLY!I really like this game, it got a lot of potential please don't mess it up"
,Recommended,402710,30578742,Posted: 17 March,all,BeardedBuddha_33,"Love the game has its moment of bugs but it's an early access game, beautiful just started playing the game... so this is a slightly bias comment after I go through the game and get more in depth with it I will have more too say but I can say it is great fun with friends or alone just remember sharing is caring"
76561198007209675,Recommended,402710,30646168,Posted: 20 March,all,D3adNight,My game crashed one time just to let you know i thight it was wierd but i have been moding the files then i launched agian and it worked so not to do with folders :)
76561198177552378,Recommended,402710,30727280,Posted: 25 March,all,CreepyTea,It's like no man's sky but it does'nt suck... I have no man's sky and it is quite boring
76561198216703847,Recommended,402710,30732319,Posted: 25 March,all,tetragohan,I really like this game. Its like a perfect blend of mellow and mayhem. I get a decemt little rush sometimes when aliens pop up. The way the aliens move around on the dunes makes targeting​ a challenge while ur trying to run away. Its fun.  Itd be cool if u could set a password or something on ur buildings and structures so that other people can use your stuff without forming a colony. Or maybe just to lock other players out of certain sections of ur buildings. Sometimes u run into people on the opposite team but u still want to team up with them cause the struggle gets real sometimes. I totally recommend this game. We need more players. So much potential here!
,Recommended,402710,30741381,Posted: 25 March,all,NecroCrane,GREAT GAME!!! I highly recommend Osiris New Dawn is what No Mans Sky was supposed to be. Keep on supporting Osiris! This game has so much potential the whole RPG elements really took me by surprise. I'm hooked on it already after 5 Minutes in.
76561198028465500,Recommended,402710,28319725,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,richie283,"8/10 so far.  Love the concept of the game, and I have no doubt it'll get better.  The Martian meets Subnautica.Positives:Crafting, graphics, ambiance, storms, day/night transition, most of the gameplayNegatives:Most of these are small things that most likely will get fixed, but here goes:-Alien life (you can turn it off thankfully... to me it just kills immersion),-robot AI gets stuck alot and you have to babysit it alot-reconstructing/moving your Hab to accomodate other structures sucks as you lose a ton of resources, which took forever to find.   Wish I could just move structures...or rebuild them easily.-The map tool is essentially useless, would be nice if it was clearer, and able to input waypoints on it instead of using beacons (you know, like a gps...), nights last too long, and the multi tool needs work.  It would be cool to have some work to do in your Hab during the nights/storms, such as research etc and I'm sure that's coming.-the context sensitive F button stuff, I thought it was bugging out at first.  I also accidently skipped the whole tutorial, as I thought I was just scrolling through mission objectives, not deleting them as it were.Anyways, I could go on, but I really do like this game and am willing to wait and watch it get better.#Update# - It's getting better, so I bumped up my score to 8.  Map tool is better, but still kind of useless.  It should point us to where the nearest of x mineral is.  That would be realistic and make the tool really useful.  More types of drones needed.  Interface in lab needs reworking. AI seems a bit better, but still requires babysitting.  Still not much to do in my HAB, hope they can do more with that.  Most importantly, I still enjoy the game a lot, and looking forward to more changes."
,Recommended,402710,30678852,Posted: 22 March,all,Sadiqi,This game is what I hoped No Man's Sky would be.
,Recommended,402710,30653711,Posted: 21 March,all,⋠Reece⋠ ツ,10/10 - Need friends to play it with!
76561198159276624,Recommended,402710,30657579,Posted: 21 March,all,Alex1735,"This is a very good game i like it. There are some bugs but they are fixing them on the way. There are many places to explore (planets,world etc.) so you wont quit so fast."
,Recommended,402710,30662210,Posted: 21 March,all,Power Clit,One heck of a game. Maybe more tier-based content? That'd be cool.
76561198180697873,Recommended,402710,30869317,Posted: 31 March,all,Droid8Apple,Has been good since the beginning and the devs really care about what the community wants. But after this game engine update (3/31/17) it looks and runs so much better than the buggy splotchy game it's always been. I can see so much more potential now and I am still very happy I've supported since the bginning. Well worth it already if you enjoy games like Ark nad such.
,Recommended,402710,30399911,Posted: 8 March,all,The lord o' Jims,"It is a pretty good game. has sum glitches. lost three spaceships by going to the new planet. some of my land vehicles went into the ground and i couldnt retrieve it, so i built another one. Gameplay is pretty good. I dislike the fact that buildings owned become abandoned after a few days without playing. I like the fact that you can build spaceships and fly to different planets and mine materials in space, which is pretty orginal. I would like to see more variety in the buildings, so we could build some unique structures. Overall, it is a pretty gud game :^)"
,Not Recommended,402710,29804387,Posted: 9 February,all,dilipvinu,"The devs seem more interested in adding eye candy than new content and gameplay elements. I'm no longer recommending this.Old Review Below:The only other early access game I had bought on Steam was Dirt Rally which was an awesome product. I was rather disappointed since I had expected something similar from Osiris New Dawn too. Apparently most of the EA games have similar scant content and in that context this is a polished experience. It became pretty boring after a week, hopefully the next update will have more content/features to explore."
76561198001513560,Recommended,402710,27223190,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,The Duke,Matt Damon Simulator 2016
76561198237122760,Recommended,402710,27054784,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Ark Angel,Awesome game!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,402710,26423070,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Thomas_McRae,"Great game so far.  Some times  little glitch but it's an early release what did you expect.  It'd basically ark in space,  which in my opinion is way cooler. Be careful of were you spawn,  the trials role in packs in this game.  All in all it was great all problems squeeze 900 hours out of it"
76561198196167458,Recommended,402710,30948830,Posted: 4 April,all,PazyPlayz,Fantastic!! Looking forward to more upcoming planets to explore!!An amazing concept!
,Recommended,402710,27541403,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Jeramiiz®,สนุกดี รอ open betaต่อไป
,Recommended,402710,27990865,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,KennyFloggins,"Game is still alpha and thus all of the typical alpha woes, but there is clearly a lot of potential for this to be a fantastic sandbox survival game. I am very happy with the amount of progress made by the developers in just a little more than 2 months as of this writing. As it stands, there is already a multitude of structures to build, a well-varied array of aliens, and a reasonably complex crafting mechanic.The only cons are akin to your typical alphas with a few bugs, falling underneath the sublevel, for example, but devs are reasonably quick with patches and updates and are very keen to community input which seems to be a rarity in this day and age. A lot of whats in the preview shots are not implemented in the game yet, so be wary that if you're buying in because of some specific tech, make sure that it's actually implemented first to avoid disappointment.I see a whole lot of potential here. Loving what is out already and have anxiously awaited each and every announced update thus far. Well done, particularly for an alpha release!"
76561198013795289,Recommended,402710,27958718,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,NAZGULL,"I would highly recommend this game! As with any early release of course there are bugs. However as good as it is now with future content added, it's only going to get better!"
76561198018447080,Recommended,402710,27988740,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,TheWarbot,"Pretty fun, would be a lot more fun if I was playing multiplayer. Seems pretty hard to gather the proper resources in single player. Early Access game but yeah lots of fun. Think ARK but on planets in space meets the Martian."
76561198172070975,Recommended,402710,27874972,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,AdictMonkey-T-HYPERR,dont press shift and esc buttons or your game will crash
76561198005776432,Recommended,402710,27716533,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,pbjoker,"Tons of potential, can't wait for the finished product"
76561198052256007,Recommended,402710,27710461,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Eversor,so far game is pretty dead for 22 $ nice
76561198032477128,Recommended,402710,27525602,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Sulu,"Excellent survival game. Still in its early stages, but lots of fun. Highly recommend it."
,Recommended,402710,27517662,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,squ1b3r,"A little bit grindy at the beginning but once you get a hang of it it's really good! The feel of being stranded alone never goes away. Nights and storms are dark and freaking terrifying. Yes, there is not much content to it yet but what's there will keep you busy for at least 10-20 hours. All in all I'm happy with the game so far."
76561198017255670,Recommended,402710,27410122,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,startal,Awesome game keep up the good work devs!!
,Recommended,402710,27597682,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,SoM's D'Vil,"The funny elements of this game is currently limited, but have great potential."
76561198018728977,Recommended,402710,28154100,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Fishin Freddy,"This will be an interesting game when it's less buggy. After spending a few hours building a small base, the program ""teleported"" me into a habitat wall and I can't get out. Exiting and re-starting the game still has me in the wall. I will try re-starting a new game after more updates come out.Fred K."
76561198066520439,Recommended,402710,28278772,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,outsidethebox123,"This game has a lot of potential however at the moment this game seems to be going backwards. Unable to to attach buildings together and when you die and try to recover your corpse it is now missing, floating around underground somewhere, so you lose everything you were carrying.Annoying but I am sure it will get there."
,Recommended,402710,28244193,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Killercod,"Not too far in yet, but I can tell this is going to be a pretty good game!  Stranded on a Mars like planet, scavenging for resources to build and survive.  Nice feel, good graphics, easy to get into.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNBHuRYHBtY"
76561198015596313,Recommended,402710,28245246,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,BricktheGrim,"So my private server got deleted in the last patch as did my character, vehicles and buildings."
76561198338639543,Recommended,402710,28209834,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,=pF= Remnant,"This is by far the most real, life like space exploration game I have ever played! Its actually pulling me away from Counterstrike, which no game has done since Counterstrike came out.If you have always wanted to know what its like to explore an unknown celestial body on foot, survive the wild and conquer the elements, this game is for you! This review is written during early release and I expect this game to become the pioneering game of its kind that will spread the world over by popularity, I won't be surprised this game goes 'viral'.Not only is there exploration, but there is a multiplayer PVP side to this game, so you can jump into a universe with some friends and fight for dominance against the other faction of players, or just try to survive an onslaught of alien creatures trying to kill you left, right and center! This game will require your wit, strategy, common sense, topography and will bring out the survivalist in you!"
76561198259287860,Recommended,402710,28197636,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,killem_89,"Just played my first couple hours. Seems less grindy than some games like ARK but still is grindy thats for sure. Wish it was an MMO instead of servers and hopefully they will change that. Graphics could also be better, no where near as pretty as ARK. I do reccomend the game so far but far to early for me to do a real review."
76561198064340682,Recommended,402710,28264854,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,McKills,"Unsure of how late game is, writing this primarily for game dev feedback. Early game play sucks. I have two giant crab monsters outside my base, and no way to reach my body and weaponry, and the sandstorms make the game play miserable. Please help"
,Recommended,402710,26410530,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,jackstew9,"As of three seconds ago, I got this game, and I don't need any time to say that please, PLEASE PLEASE keep lower end pc's in mind, please make the minimun so insanely low, i understand that it isn't a peice of cake to do this and I am so exicted to play this game. Nevertheless, please make the graphic very varyable. Heck I have a pretty not bad PC, and the ground is missing sometimes (I understand bugs) or dissapers comepletely, or lag is horrible. I hope you take my advice into consideration, I hope this game never stops raising my expectations for space survival games."
76561198092520407,Recommended,402710,26356414,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Rishon Sabri,"I think Osiris:New Dawn (even as it is right now) is really one of the best games in its genre (space and planetary exploration and survival). But I think the developers really need to have a vision for what kind of game it wants - and what kind of gamers it wants playing it. Do you want to attract gamers who like a tough, exciting, fast-paced scifi-based first person shooter (which it is) or do you want gamers who like to a slower pace where they can recce, explore, mine and build in a careful, scientific and more deliberate manner (which it also is). I suspect going one direction will just drive away players who want to go the other direction, and trying to do both will just please neither group. The recent patches appear to be pushing it more to the FPS spectrum - the alien creatures are now insanely difficult to destroy and can attack in packs of 4 or 5 at a single time. But shooters, even good ones, are now a dime dozen. The current space survival and exploration genre still needs to be dominated by that killer game everyone expected No Man's Sky to be, and OND is already showing signs that it can fill that void. Go for it, devs!"
76561198093336317,Recommended,402710,26338350,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Beanie596,Vey good looking grathics cannot wait for the other classes to be added however i would like there to be more options  such as Hud size ive found the hud to be distracting wile playing also not sure if everyone will agree creatvie mode but it is early access so some of this may be added later.
76561197973000281,Recommended,402710,26347463,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,mothermark,good for a alpha/beta might not be wothr the full 25$ but I aam looking forword to where this goes.
,Recommended,402710,26329728,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,ftanyx,"Still early access, lots of bugs and weird interactions, especially clipping issues. However, the base game, while not incredibly deep yet, is fun and engrossing. The score is compelling (although the battle music get repetitive after a while), the visuals are enjoyable, the world is like a cross between ""The Martian"" and ""Perelandra"", and most importantly, massively game-breaking things (like the structure degradation when first introduced) get patched based on community feedback nearly immediately. And, unlike Dead by Daylight, mechanics don't become easier just because people say they're too difficult; this game is punishing and grinding, but still in a good way that brings pleasure when you overcome the planet."
76561198158799578,Recommended,402710,26329318,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Norbott,"Note: This game is still missing a lot of content as it's super early access.Knowing this... It's a very fun game!  I am recomending this as of right now, due to the simple fact that it has a lot of potential and it's going to be fun seeing how it proggresses."
,Recommended,402710,26344149,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Rufus Poppycock,"I was really disappointed when Subnautica abanonded multiplayer, which I'm fairly sure was on their to-do list at one point. Simply put, this game is fun. There are quite a few bugs and although I have a hard time supporting public alphas after the whole DayZ Standalone nonsense, I decided that I'd throw my money towards these folks in the hope that they'll follow through and complete the game. If you don't want to deal with bugs that may waste hours of hard work, this game is not for you. The crafting system is good, the visuals are quite impressive but again, there are a lot of bugs! (So what? It's to be expected.) One thing I would ask from the dev team in this stage of the development is that we have access to console commands. Many have argued that this is cheating or ruins the gameplay. If you're in that camp and it becomes available, dont use it, easy as that. I recommend the game, but hesitantly so."
76561198046957528,Recommended,402710,26333539,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Falk the Shwifty,"This game does not deserve all the bad reviews and complaints its getting quite frankly.so here is my two peneth worth,this game needs work no doubt about that but the idea is solid and the execution is getting there not perfect but nothing iswhen the bugs get worked out this will be a great title like ark used to be.it is still super early in development and as others have said is fairly barebones but they are good bones and the updates are quite often.i do wish the updates were a tad bigger thou rarther than alittle bit here and little bit therepoint is people are complaining about silly things that are all apart of an early access title.i run this on a GTX660 and an 8 core amd chip and get 30 fps so the min specs are exaggerated"
76561198043232022,Recommended,402710,26952733,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Woolfie,"Game is going in the right direction, at a quick pace. Keep it up devs."
76561198054968335,Recommended,402710,27014870,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Jackass,"This game is pretty damn cool, you pretty much start out crashed on some far away planet with nothing but your wits, a few supplies and an inflatable dome.  Best played with a friend :)  Also love how you can fix your helmet visor with duct tape.  Good ol' duct tape."
76561198000831262,Recommended,402710,30917456,Posted: 3 April,all,deathbychickenpotpie,"Just get it!  It is and will continue to be an Epic Game.  Lots of people going to be Nerd raging right now due to new update.  It's not THAT bad and Devs are patching like mad men. It's Alpha, still less buggy than H1Z1.  Totally worth the $25 Probably worth $50 by the time they get it done.Excellent graphics, Great game balance, awesome concept, true sandbox universe, it’s going to be a win.  The Devs understand game mechanic balance.  Better than Ark, because it is not ridiculous survival or effort ROI game.  Nice immersion factor, you will catch yourself going, “Oh crap its 3am”.   It is not like 7 days to die where you feel stressed out and angry, but it is not care bear like Minecraft either.  You may find a big mega worm jumping out of the ground to land on you to swallow you whole :)Disclaimer on typos:  this Review was written at 3:15am, 15 minutes after my ""Oh Crap its 3am"" moment.P.S.  I just bought it for my Wife and Son,  that's how sure I am you should get it."
,Recommended,402710,26903448,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,ThunderSp00n,7.5/10
76561198314959591,Recommended,402710,30916528,Posted: 2 April,all,Bigalmandments,"This is a good game so far but it definately needs more work on the second world. I love what they did with it so far but i feel it needs more rendering with the enemies and more creatures to really give it the umf that i want it to have. But for an early access it is definately worth the money that i have paid for it.If the Editors are listening, if you can give us to option to increase sensitivity to the game controller than that would be great. However i am in love with what you have done with it so far."
76561198355522030,Recommended,402710,30913998,Posted: 2 April,all,DAHALOSBOS18,It's a little to glitchy when I move and I turn as slow as molesasas but I'm positive that the developers will fix thisI love this game and I highly recommend it because these glitches may not appear on your computer.
,Recommended,402710,30918855,Posted: 3 April,all,Hr.Odder,"Great game, but a lot of bugs."
76561198170603795,Recommended,402710,30923622,Posted: 3 April,all,Z-47,"Osiris: new dawn is a realy good game whith a lots of space for improvements and if you like a game were you canroume around on an alien planet this game is definetibly for you.But it´s not perfect, I have played it a bunch and during my time I incountrd a lot of bugs and glitchas that war same time just enoying to game braking. The base building needs work on and the enemy animation are same time bugy but and the multy player experiens is same wat lac lusting and an outo save featcher need to be aded.But despite all of thise problems I still recomen it. It gat grate potential and it´s realy funn to play with a budy to mace survival mor efishent and more fun, it only need same time to fix same ishus. If you like survival games Orison: new dawn is definetebly for you"
76561198359064891,Recommended,402710,30914964,Posted: 2 April,all,Bossotronixx,"this game is amazing. whoever is into ark or any survival game for that matter, you need to play this. why there arent alot people playing this, blows my mind. the music is great the visuals are great. this game takes all the great things out of mass effect and ark and puts them all together. this game has the potential to be major game. something that can compete with battlefield, mass effect, ark, even ♥♥♥♥ing CoD. so i urge you to buy this game and see for yourself what a great experience this game is. 10/10 all round from me."
,Recommended,402710,26822184,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Wilemi,"Really great game! A lot of fan, and still a bit of an challenge. Still waiting for MORE new content ;)"
,Recommended,402710,30918081,Posted: 3 April,all,Obi_WanKanBlowMe,"only bugs ive encountered (besides some of the aliens) is a few texture problems with the structures, but they go back to normal pretty quickly. This game has been a lot of fun for me"
76561198086982963,Recommended,402710,26413540,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Blitzkrieg01,"This game is awesome. there is lots you can do and its only in alpha I like the turrets and i must say they work very well. the only problems i had were poor acuracy and low profile. the turrets cant shoot over anything higher than the droid. i would recomend a buildible unarmed watch tower which you can add the gun to later if you need too. I would love to see if you can place these on the rover. Have not tried yet. also, i like the fact that they operate independent of you and require no mantinence apart from repair, thus you can leave them somewhere and they won't run out of ammo or power. you only need to check up on them once a day (ingame) to repair if nessisary. i think you should add the ability to swap the battery out or use the battery in tandem with; a damageable powercable, which you could link to a generator or your habitat. turret variation would be nice. maybe you could make the turret guns interchangeable. here are some design ideas you could use; single barrel (for those ion a budget), quad barrel (for those with resorces and power to spare), anti aircraft (take out enemy ships), anti tank (like a singe large railgun that takes some time and power to charge up for use against vehicles), rocket turret (non guided mini rocket salvos with long reload time), missle turret (guided heavy long reload missiles), flame turret (keep it stocked with hydrogen for fuel), artillery (set them to scan a certain part of the map and they bombard it but they are highly innacurate unless manned, long to reload, takes lots of power, have limmited range, and the scanning and targeting system could be jammed if you add something to jam it), manned turret (a bit bigger than the normal turret without AI control. it needs a player to work), tesla turret (shocks enemies within a few meters of it), and finaly a water turret (for putting out fires in your base and pushing back enemies) to balance this you could add raids where the aliens attack in massive groups every 10-15 days but become more frequent the bigger your base is. you could also add overheating, power failures, short circuits, dust storms block solar panels and you need to clean them, pirate raids, gun jamms that take a few seconds to fix, and  a maintinence feature where the guns slowly deteriorate. in the maintinence feature, the guns would not be destroyed if you dont service them, but jamming, overheating, powerfailures, and short circuits become a lot more frequent. maybe you could build a service droid to do this for you. more aliens would be good. ideas; ranged alien (shoots acid at you), queen (hidden deep inside the nest as a boss. if you kill it the nest becomes uninhabited but there is a chance every raid that it would be retaken by a new queen) flying alien (something like a hornet maybe. a stinger attack and a short to medium range acid attack), spawner and kamikazes (a spawner would be a slow but large alien that has growths all over it. these pop open to reveal kamikazes, fast but weak enemies that screech when they spot you before running fast towards you, exploding when they get near enough to you or on death), The Hive and The Swarm (the hive is like the spawner, but it flies. it looks like a queen bee and it has honeycombed skin. inside the honeycomb paterns are up to 5 members of the swarm. the swarm is made up of drones and warriors. the drones are light, regular speed enemies that look like bees. the warrior is heavier, but slower), leeches (the leeches [they look like armoured leeches and are about as big as the astronauts hand] dig themselves into the ground  and wait for any person to step on them. then, when stepped on, they latch onto you and suck the oxygen out of your suit. you would have to jetpack boost away to get them off or shake around. they could also latch onto vehicles and do the same for the tyres, slowing down the vehicles), finaly, the shadow or the wraith (its basicaly a floating cloud of smoke that creeps up on you in the night and if you breach your suit it starts growling for a few seconds [giving a quick player enough time to patch their suit up] before it rushes in and instantly chokes you to death. your screen fills with smoke and the last thing you see before you die is two red staring eyes. they would dissipate by morning so you would not have to worry about them during the day. if you shine a light on them, they would also dissipitate, hissing before dissipitating into nothing. the only way you can see them is by looking for the eyes, and turrets cannot track them)just a few ideas for an already awesome game. keep up the good work"
,Not Recommended,402710,30032582,Posted: 19 February,all,Emer,"The game seems to be good. But after you play a bunch of hours you realize it is worthless.The major problem is that it looks like the devs abandonned the game. There's no updates. They promise an update and it never gets released. The game is in alpha, it is full of bugs. That's understandable. But don't you think a game in alpha should be receiving updates every week? Not this one.I expect the game to improve so I can change this analysis. But for now, I regret buying it."
76561198052185668,Recommended,402710,30392558,Posted: 8 March,all,Avatar_Phoenix,"Osiris: New Dawn is a Very Graphic Intensive Game with a lot interesting and Beautiful scenic qualities. I would recommend this game for anyone that likes PvE and PvP style Building, Mining/Gathering.It is currently in Early Access (EA) and the Dev Team is working very hard to expand on current content and small bugs, as any game has at this point in development and even in finished products.I also have to mention/comment on that the Dev team has setup a dedicated ""PR""? person for the Osiris Forums for the Community and he has been awesome in giving feedback from both the Dev team and the forums and implementing in game many of the ideas and wants of the community into the game."
76561198027343714,Recommended,402710,30768315,Posted: 27 March,all,FractalMind,"Single player is great. Very challenging and well put together.Multiplayer is useless. Don't even think about it. It requires about 3-4 hours of playtime to be able to craft a replacement gun. If you get killed by another player in this 3-4 hour window, they will loot your gun and you will need to start the game again from scratch. The game is impossible to play without a weapon.I would give this a thumbs up for single player, but the devs have said that the game is aimed at multiplayer. With the poor mechanics, lack of balance and rampaging hackers, this has to be a thumbs down.Edit is below...Having played this a bit more, I kinda like it. When playing in early hours so I was the only one on the server, I was able to reach the crux point of crafting new weapons. After this point, the game really took off. i have mech, space ship, hover bike and lots of fun.Gonna change my review to thumbs up, but my original point stands. Losing your only weapon before you can craft another means you will need to restart the game. Hope this is improved."
,Recommended,402710,30890143,Posted: 1 April,all,OutLaw,"i love this game.. very hard to get started and find out how to do things, but once you learn it is amazing well worth the money! would be great with a few players to start together online it would be so much easier.. only played multiplayer and it is great."
,Recommended,402710,30884692,Posted: 1 April,all,Bramble Blast,"Nice game, has potential to be fully developped, could be one of those huuuuuuuuge space game with so many planets to explore."
,Recommended,402710,30888825,Posted: 1 April,all,Senrak,"Amazing game with crazy graphics, Been playing for the last two days and after that and making almost everything, I decided it needs a lot of work. It needs more caves/colonies or just more to explore. It also need more TYPES of enemies, not just more enemies. I must say though, im amazed with the work! 8/10P.S. Play with friend"
76561198186647641,Recommended,402710,30909817,Posted: 2 April,all,(EGN)ButtMonkey,"I like this game. Graphics are an A+ and aliens are creepy . Good farming and decent base building. Then only thing i hate whicn made this game unplayabe to me is base defend.. all you need is a vehicle to destroy bases. walls depositories , anything that can be build . Build a lab, Make a vehicle and destroy the server. It is way to easy to destroy bases. makes it no fun at all. whats the point, everything you build will be torn down in a matter of minutes . Games like rust and H1z1 and ark are a heck of a lot hard to break down a base. you actually have to work at it.. this game.. your king of the server if you have a ride. i hope they fix this so i can play this game again. intill then its PVE server for now on..."
76561197990106355,Recommended,402710,30911040,Posted: 2 April,all,Dreepa,Very good atmosphere and good concept. But due to early access not much content...Buy it if you want to support it.
76561198328583472,Recommended,402710,28690203,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,atticusdodo,"Ok, here is my first review after 9 hours. I will update as I play more. I have only started to put furniture in the habitat. TL;DR at the bottom. I will make recommendations to devs. I apologize if they have already addressed one of my recommendations or if some recommendations are unrealistic. Just let me know and I'll edit my review. I just want to be thorough. I have two minor spoilers I find worth preserving so I'll black them out.First impression: Quassi-tutorial. Not too ""hand-holdy"". I liked this but this frustrated a friend that played with me later on (NOTE: that friend is known for being hard to please). The music was fun and appropriate. I later turned it off for being repetitive and missing cues like playing ""bad guy is gonna get ya"" music when there is no bad guy nearby. (NOTE: I generally turn game music off anyway and listen to Spotify). The graphics were impressive. I especially like the weather effects. If I'm not mistaken, these are taxing for games so I'm impressed. Think about adding acid rain. We could be expected to adapt by building armor for it, perhaps from the bodies of some creature that is immune to it. Thefirst meteor shower scared the crap out of me but it was fun. I enjoyed this feature and I'm thankful for the latest hot fix that reduces their accurance and raises their drop rate. Well done. I immediately found the pistol to be pretty useless in comparison to the rifle but it does have infinite ammo and the rifle doesn't so I get it. The increased fire rate didn't change much for me. Something like a bow as a light weapon might be neat. I could retrieve and maybe even fashion arrows out of the corpses of dead aliens. I never meleed. I found this attack nearly altogether but I guess it is the last resort. Hopefully the Marine will have some cool melee options like stealth attack and back stab or a leap. So far, I haven't noticed any indigenous creatures that don't want to attack me for getting too close. I was hoping for some neutral creatures or even quassi-sentient and friendly ones. I'll wait to review classes once unlocked. I understand multiple planets comes first. I haven't gotten to that yet.Overall here are my current successes and improvements recommended:Successes:Huge potential to be what No Man's Sky promised and didn't deliverThe giant sand worm that ate my friend while playing co-op was hilarious and terrifying.A game has never made me freeze up like that. I just stared. More encounters like this please.Graphics are impressive for the size of the gameMusic is pretty goodCrafting and exploring is fun. You have to work for things but the payoff feels good.Dying is not that big of a deal. It's advantageous to avoid but I don't rage quit if it happens.The real potential in this game lies in co-op. The game is twice as fun with a friend or two. Building and sharing a colony together is very fun.Improvements recommended:Add various encounters like thegiant sand worm, such as different creaturesat some point let us kill it like a huge raid of uber levelled astronautsNeutral indigenous creatures to fill the environment even some flying ones. Maybe it should depend on the planet and environmentIncreasinlgly difficult weather effects. (i.e. acid rain, volcanoes, earthquakes, etc.)Add third person animations of actions like shovelling and repairingAllow friends that join universe with the intent to join colony to spawn with line of sight of said colonyAdd emotesDroid has trouble getting around things. Was left behind by 600 meters and when I went back I couldn't figure out what held him upAs far as I can tell, recall droid doesn't work. This would be a nice feature.Music gets repetitive and makes you thinks you're getting attacked when you're notwhat if I could build tree houses/stands and shoot a sniper rifle? I could cover buddies that way or contribute organic material to the colonyMake some cool features that are unlockable without friends. Maybe even go the opposite way with lone wolf features and buffsCan I get some funny or relaxed features? The game is incredibly serious and tense so far.TL:DRThis game looks like it will be what No Man's Sky promised and failed to deliver. Craft, mine, scavenge, build and survive or go find your body if you die. I highly recommend this game if you want a space survival game. Customize it to how you want to play. Keep in mind that this isEARLY ACCESS /b/]. There are plenty of things that will be added, taken away and tweaked. So far I am hooked."
76561198068431321,Recommended,402710,30986862,Posted: 6 April,all,mijxero,"Using a simple Yes/No rating system I would have to give this a thumbs up.  It works and has some decent new ideas, but a lot of things seem to fall flat.  The addition of a mining bot is an awesome idea, but it gets stuck 90% of the time.  The graphics in the trailer look great, but when I'm playing they just look awful.  The music is good and I can see this becoming a really good survival game, but at the moment its more like a 5/10 that was worth I paid for it."
,Recommended,402710,28636869,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,TheNewJavaman,"Osiris: New Dawn is a fantastic game, and I will play much more of it in the future. It's a survival game with a LOT of exploration, stunning days and nights, and great graphics even at the lowest level.Pros:- Great graphics- Random spawn means different play style each time- Space exploration. Enough said. (Cool techology)- Great value- The aliens really define your experience, whether you set them to nonexistent or infesting your planetCons:- Graphics are occasionally buggy, including trees and the habitat. (This is an early access game, though, so it was to be expected)- It takes a long time in the beginning to find the resources needed like diamonds, oxygen, and hydrogen without the help of the wikiOverall, this is an already great game with some improment needed (I'm looking at you, devs! :D )"
,Not Recommended,402710,28650093,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Johnny_Kanuk,"Game looks great but I just can't get it to stay stable long enough to play. I have to swing at the sky to hit the mineral rocks, if I quit and then come back later to play I have to restart my computer, otherwise the game crashes at the ENTER screen. I am sure once they work out more of the bugs it will be a great game. It has potential but right now it is just not worth the agrevation. I can not say get this game at this time. Others may get better milage out of it but I can't. I have a decent rig too so I know it isn't my end. Unless at 1070 with a 6600k and 32gigs of ram doesn't cut it these days."
,Recommended,402710,28518301,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Andrew Jackson,"The game is great. Just fix the game breaking ""DisconnectByServerLogic"" DC ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t that plagues this game. Every 10 minutes you get DC'd... The game is so fun that I will sit there and try to reconnect but damn it is annoying."
,Recommended,402710,28664644,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Im_Bastix,"Osiris: New Dawn is a nice and cool game, but the problem is the capacity of chests and so on.I have all the minerals for a solar panel, but the game says: ""The capacity of this furniture is full""So that is one of the problems in the game.I am not a hater, I only want to help you guys to make a great game.I hope you will patch that problem.LG Basti Black"
,Recommended,402710,28664690,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,B3NNYZOOSE,So far I've been playing this game on and off with friends and it's actually pretty fun also it gets constant updates and the devs and such seem pretty responsive.Very keen to see where this game continues to go into the future but so far has been pretty good and definitely think it should be given a try.
,Recommended,402710,28464316,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Decimus1597,"Awesome, can't wait for the finished product."
76561197974104970,Recommended,402710,30967381,Posted: 5 April,all,DeathKnight,I really like this game !!! It is fun and you can make the game settings just like you want in the single player mode and this is good i think cause when soloing it is nice to know you have a little more on your side.
,Recommended,402710,28087372,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,IFunny.com Watermark,"No Mans Sky was terrible.tbh.. this is the game i feel NMS should have been. Sure (at the time of writing) there is only one planet, and it has some bugs, but its in its early stages. the basics are all there, and it is quite fun. Because i am a terrible cheater when i play Singleplayer games, i found this game quite fun. This game is quite easy to cheat stuff in, but you dont have too. Progress feels natural. Every acheivement you reach, whether the Hab (you are now thinking of The Martian), the Barracks, the Spaceship, every one of them feels worthwhile. You dont feel that you've been cheated by the game. Everything has its pace, and the resource gathering feels good. I assure you, once you gain a hab, have containers filled with goods, and have lots of food/water/weapons, building all the stuff that seemed impossible from the beggining, now is at your fingertips.Just be ready to run a lot, cuz everything is pretty far, until you get a vehicle.All in all, its a good game, for where it is. the bugs hurt a little bit, and the game is a little limited (from writing this), its on  the right track."
,Recommended,402710,28257009,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Awoo!!!! U,"plz fix the diamond ratio.....and the ore's.other then that.if you like space,aliens and want to derp around with a robot and get scared of a giant worm.well then this is the game.and if you want to spend hours farming and having the mission broke and have a start screen glitching throw the map when you log in to your world.its easy to learn and easy to play. just hard if you plan on playing on one of the servers.lat and long doesnt matter its basically impossible to find your friend.and with no tp option.its early access and its in working soi wont complain to much.devs are amazing to acutally listen and respone to feedbacks.would love if they were as active on they're twitter with ingame support"
76561198255028564,Recommended,402710,30970539,Posted: 5 April,all,auzzie635,"Cool game, just wanted to write a quick reveiw because the hareware reccomendations are a little misleading. It says reccomended to have a gtx 980 but it runs on high at 60 fps on a rx 480 a card with quite a bit less horsepower. :)"
,Recommended,402710,28434705,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Mr Machine Head,"First things first, since this game is in Alpha, this is NOT my final review.Second, I know I've not played this game much, so again, my review will most likely change.I think this game looks beautiful and the devs have done a pretty good job with making this look really nice, my only problem is the the floor keeps disappearing when I look forwards, meaning I have to look either down at the floor or up at the sky for the floor to be there, I've tried a few things to fix it but I believe this to be an issue with the game.The floor issue is quite a big thing and this really annoys me.I would still recommend this game though"
76561198094021692,Recommended,402710,28431995,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,My man boobs are better,"Game is taking major steps in the right direction with this new update. Also please please please always do this thing where you release a beta first, it helps with the development of the game so much. Nothing is worse than releaseing an update to soon and it being filled with bugs that♥♥♥♥♥♥people off and having to scramble to release patches to fix them. With the beta there is no excuse for people who play it to get mad over a bug especially since the people who play it are the people who actually check updates and fourms and want to see the game groq.  I would highly suggest you release a beta before every major update for the community to help out with and a fourm for the beta regarding bugs, exploits, etc..Game has so much potential and doing things like this are what will make great and its creation run smoother."
76561198045910950,Recommended,402710,28152775,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,thpa,"Osiris, the god of death and resurrection.Osiris: New Dawn incarnates both. A terrible death, before dawn brings you back to life. The game creates both an atmosphere of terror and darkness aswell as the most soothing first sunbeams of the morning.It incorporates these opposite but connected feelings very meticulously by creating the most convincing graphics, sound effects and music I could imagine.The game play at this early stage is not outward different for the genre so far, but that's not what the devs seem to aim at. The most captivating about this game, to me, is the outstanding artwork of this world and the balance it creates by connecting both metaphorical worlds through a complex and unpredictable weather system and not only by just changing between rainy and sunny days and a bit of fog and clouds. It makes this planet feel so real that it very likely might be Mars or Gliese. (Unlike NML)The monsters summon our deepest fears of giant insect like creatures, deformed human spider hybrids and the likes bursting into the focus of your streamlight.Osiris: New Dawn has the potential for the game of the year once it's finished."
76561198151305562,Recommended,402710,28426438,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Colonel,"Personally,my favorite one ,however,it still needs to be better.Also,the serve for players connection should be more fluent"
76561197988636601,Recommended,402710,28130832,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,KamilKenni,"For an early access game, I have found Osiris to be far more put together than most finished games I have played. Sadly, I cannot play the game to its fullest potential as I only have an AMD Ratheon R7 200s gfx card and have to play on the lowest detail, but even at the lowest settings the game still looks amazing.I have already spent over 15 hours playing, and have found the difficulty curve to be right where it should be, and the crafting system is already leaving me with cliffhangar anticipation about future updates.Thank you all for the hard work that you have put forth on Osiris: New Dawn, and I cannot wait to see what else is in store for us!"
,Recommended,402710,28156675,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,OwnerKing,Game is pretty awesome for this stage of alpha one of the only early access games I don't regret buying!
,Recommended,402710,28849357,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Zeppeloni,Build a small basename it My hutBuild the forge and named it GordonBuild a Dispenserneed to go to toilet so i build waste collector and named it jeffalmost forgot my dronenamed my drone : Legend27suddenly some spider attack me but luckly Legend27 kicking his A a ssee another big basethink it friendlyas soon closing in get♥♥♥♥♥♥♥by 6 turretcome back to basebase and Legend27 already goneonly Jeff remain10/10 force kill my self again
,Recommended,402710,28872153,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Zbig,It came into early access a much more polished game in terms of look and feel than any of the other EA survival games i've played.  Still needs work but has potential.
76561198146667326,Recommended,402710,31115742,Posted: 13 April,all,vinokuri,Perfect game!!!! Love it!!!
76561198377225229,Recommended,402710,31114010,Posted: 13 April,all,HBS-JC,"The little rodbot is ease to be resist by a typ of plant with red colour or incline, It is so awful when it happen."
76561198023059057,Recommended,402710,31118159,Posted: 13 April,all,FireBro,Good game just one thing u cant travel to more than 1 other planet and i think its stupid because u can see 1 more planet but even if u go there for like 1 hour u dont get closer to the planet onless its one of the planets u can be on...
,Recommended,402710,31137186,Posted: 14 April,all,thaneuk,I've really enjoyed the survival/base building aspect.  The music sometimes leaves you desperatly looking for an attacker which certainly raises the stress levels :)The fun I've had from what they've done so far was worth the price.
76561197975310237,Recommended,402710,31125176,Posted: 13 April,all,Terror,"This game is brilliant! It's the first time I've actually enjoyed farming to work towards better gear and equipment. The graphics are great, the sound track is really good. Sound effects are great. I understand that this game is still in early development, but the habitable play area feels a little bit too small. Now that I've made a spaceship and a G.A.V. I'm able to cover the map a heck of a lot quicker. Two things that bother me at the moment, which I'm sure will be fixed at a later date:The aliens.. clunky, clumsy and at times they glitch out and go completely spastic. That's annoying. The other problem I've come across, which is by the far the worst glitch yet is when I leave anything in the personal assistant, or even a vehicle.. save the game and then exit only to come back several hours later to find that their inventory has vanished into thin air. I was lucky that I only lost a few hydrogen canisters on the first incident. I then tried it again twice to make sure with some alien parts that I really didn't need and got the same the result. Thank god I didn't leave diamonds or azurium in there!Over all, I'm giving this game 8/10 in its current state. The developers should be proud of themselves as this game shows major potential.Anyone who bought ""White mans lie"", sorry.. I mean ""No Man's Sky"" should consider getting a refund. Osiris: New Dawn is by far the best space based survival game out there. And by the look if it, the developers can only go up from here. Well done guys."
76561198171072242,Recommended,402710,28719769,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Valhallas Warrior(VhVk),good game have never played a game like this so ceep the good work and pleace and more custommation.after some of your uppdates now there are still not alot of custommation plus there is alot of glitches and bugs that you need to fix if you cheak the game
,Not Recommended,402710,26054128,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Joyful Dreamer,"This is a really fun game, and looks great, except half the time I'm sitting around waiting for sand storms to pass because I can't see anything, which lasts for 2-3 minutes, then repeats every 5-10 minutes.  Really guys? Come on. Honestly. Even desert places on earth don't have multiple sand storms daily, or even weekly.  I don't have a lot of time as it is with work and all, to have to sit 1/3 of my time waiting for the weather to pass. I won't play again until I see this fixed. As it is I can't play it just sitting around waisting my time."
76561198325461920,Not Recommended,402710,29527005,Posted: 27 January,all,CashewFruit,Keeps crashing every 30 seconds can somone help??
,Recommended,402710,25990714,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Ariah,"Updated Review.I gave this game a negative overall review when it first became available on Steam. Now that it's had a couple of major updates, I've revised it to overall positive. Some, but not all, of the issues I cited before are still present, but it's improved enough that I recommend the game with a few caveats.Pros:The concept is great. Survive in the near-future on a world inhospitable to humanity. I'm sold!The game is wonderfully atmospheric. The visuals are great, and the soundscapes are really convincing. The result is quite immersive, except when alien ragdolls are doing gymnastics.The alien AI, when it works, is pretty neat. They hide behind rocks!I'm a sucker for base building, and the bases, although not quite as customizable as I'd like, feel like real places.There's several vehicles to use.Cons:There's (still) a lot of grind. This has improved since the game was first released, but is still an issue. One thing that helped me was to build a chemical station near a hydrogen vent and make plastic on-site.Progression, in general, is very wonky. You still pretty much need every type of material there is before you can complete a finished base, much less get your first vehicle. There is no reason to use the lower level vehicles, since you unlock them almost at the same time. This results in a lot of cross-country jogging.Multiplayer is still buggy. During this playthrough, several hours of progress vanished. It's better than before, though.Overall, this is a good game. If you like survival games and space, and don't mind some grind, give it a try."
,Recommended,402710,29029427,Posted: 5 January,all,Mains_Cancer,"This game is alread looking to be the best of it's genre, and it's not even near complete.The game looks wonderful, controls really well, and while there are a few glitches here and there, nothing is gamebreaking or majorly intrusive. The music and general atmosphere are spot on as well. A little short in singleplayer, but it's fellow survival/exploration games aren't much better in that aspect. Everything from exploring to combat to driving vehicles gives you a sense of awe and wonder.A few complaints i do have is how enemies spawn. Trecking through so much ground with no life in sight, and then as soon as you whack a mining node you get swarmed is a little jarring and weird.The other issue is how certain aspects of the game currently seem useless. There's virtually no need for the biodome, melee weapons, rover, and even the mech as of the time of this review. Hopefully that will change in the future with development.Overall, this is a great game, and is going to be even better in the future, which is why i'm not recommending it now. Once this game is near completion or is completed, i will recommend it, because this is one title you really should not burn yourself out on early, and wait for its full glory.If you do decide to get this game anyways, let me offer you four tips:1. Water, rubber, and lithium are the most tedious resources to get or synthesize. Put all your effort into finding a Rubber Tree, making a water reclaimer, and finding the lithium/diamond cave early on. It'll save you a lot of time and pain later on when you get into advanced building and crafting.2. Once you can make vehicles, make the Spaceship first. Don't bother with the rover or mech in singleplayer. Also, the spaceship will only successfuly land and let you get out of it on completely flat ground.3. If you do not wish to die a horrible death to enemies, don't go far out at night or in sandstorms, don't become burdened, don't charge headfirst into craters, and if the three main hostiles do attack, just jump or stand on a raised platform to avoid their attacks. They CAN hit you through vehicles. Rushing enemies after their first charge will confuse their AI, but melee weapons have too small of a hitbox to make this tactic super effective. Do not cook or throw away any Crab Monster parts at first.4. What item you are holding determines movement speed, and if you press E to holster your item, you can ""sprint"" with your boosters, making long distances or quick escapes on foot much faster."
76561197988787464,Recommended,402710,28661986,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Hematic,Unplayable for me with the current FoV unfortunately.Edit: They added FoV controls :)
,Recommended,402710,30245062,Posted: 28 February,all,Twitch.tv/justdave11,Great game but a little overpriced.
76561198162325658,Recommended,402710,30150331,Posted: 24 February,all,A Wild Finn,"Please tell me there's a patch coming out in the near future that adds more things to Azriel and more things to use the nickel, mercury and obsidian in. I want to see what's going on with that unforgiving ball of ice death."
76561197998050806,Recommended,402710,30133927,Posted: 23 February,all,Noises,"Gameplay is solid. The environments are beautiful and intimate. They do need to be completed but that's to be expected at this stage of the game. Some of the functionality was a little bit confusing to start building and that can be addressed with a mini-tutorial or a simple overlay on how items interact with each other or a google search...The game felt loaded with potential. I really hope this title grows a lot and soon. The release of Star Citizen before this title could prove as a very big challenge to this project as right now Star Citizen is serving as hype that is driving people into this title.Personally, love it. Want to see more of it and some more engaging events like the asteroids that fall to the planet maybe other things falling to the planet or other issues with surviving than simply aliens, resources and crafting limitations."
,Recommended,402710,31124252,Posted: 13 April,all,austinhs2002,"Largely free of bugs. Still in early stage of development, so ""content like it's 2005"" isn't really bothering me. I hear they will release entire planets, and then the whole solar system? I hope they make the building more adaptable, and complex, while also simplifying processes like coloring the buildings. I hope they flesh out more dynamic combat mechanics. It looks like they're on the right track.There's a lot to explore, and a lot to do, even now this early in the development.Something is up with the Alpha servers, though. I think it may be world structure related, or maybe it's related to out-of-region people joining Europe and US servers. There's some lag happening, but it's not always. I hope they initiate region lock for public servers."
76561198013837942,Recommended,402710,29341504,Posted: 18 January,all,rgeneson,"I wrote a frustrated review at first becuase of serious stability issues (which very much still exist.)  It would be very, very nice to be able to play the game for more than 15-20 minutes at a stretch, and I would be tickled pink not to have to do a hard reset every time it crashes, but even with all that I have to say this early release is a very well-crafted experience.  Once the stability issues are resolved I may change my mind once again (I could just be REALLY into the first 20 minutes of gameplay) but I think there's really nowhere to go from here but up."
76561198042777573,Recommended,402710,29706898,Posted: 4 February,all,Homawk,"Had a suit breach, sealed suit breached. Built a dome, built some other stuff, built a SPACESHIP. Flew off into the sky. Saw space. Jaw dropped. Beautiful music started playing. Felt like I'm in Interstellar.10/10 would cry again"
76561198280090707,Recommended,402710,29018912,Posted: 4 January,all,Crazy4gUn,"Let me tell you all the story of how I commited Crab genocide. I was playing with my friend and after countless hours of gathering resources, we were able to build a garage. My friend, whom was in charge of buidling vehicles didn't tell me that you could build mechanized crabs. Well, I found out. So, for the next 3 hours of gameplay I hunted down and killed every crab in sight, to gather the required resources. In the end, I  build the mechanized crab and for the last hours I went on a rampage of pain and sorrow in which I used my crab to run over his family and made the crab watch as I mowed down his/her cousins, brothers and sisters and I think his uncle was there too. Anyways, this is an AMAZING game! 20/10, the developers are doing a great job so far, and I love it, thank you so much. Hail Crab Hitler!"
76561198050589219,Recommended,402710,28632287,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,iStyle,Great game
76561197997121070,Recommended,402710,28633044,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,simon121simon,"Well i bought this game looking for a good sci fi survival game and i must say for a game thats not even properly released yet i am quite impressed,this is the main this to remember about this game,its not finished and its not polished your esentially testing a game and the best thing we all can do is report bugs and give the devs our ideas at to what will improve this game.I have been playing this game for a few hrs and found it quite a hard game to get useto but thats what i like,its a challenge and one i cant wait to master.1 tip i will give is make some beacons that way when you fing the minerals you need or gases you need place them so you can always find them again,took me a while to realise this.Please devs please dont give up on this game and continue to improve it with the players in mind.Looking brilliant and cant wait to play online with friends."
76561198079571026,Recommended,402710,28685205,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,-*[GoD][+evil+Godlike]*-,"For a Space Survival game , compared with simular space games of its kind. I must say i enjoyed this one the most.Its not that the game go's realy indepth yet. But the concept is very great!! Keep up the good work!!"
76561198036096661,Recommended,402710,28686302,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,RynoStewie,"Definitely took me by surprise, beware the Abadon Crater (pretty sure I didn't spell that correctly).  It was a little rough figuring out what all to do at first, but once I did I fell in love with the game.  The graphics are really well done, and the character models are outstanding.  I'd highly recommend you put this on your list of survival games."
76561197980634040,Recommended,402710,28655916,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Backwardshadow,"my first day stranded on a unexplored plant:wakes up visor crack losing oxygan,tapes up with duct tape,Finds supplys and weapons,Builds a house, mines my first rockalien gets♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off and kills me died.10/10 would play again"
76561198154713398,Recommended,402710,28622420,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Cybertech345,graphics a little choppy but playable. but gameplay so far so good :)
,Recommended,402710,28629544,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Siririca,"Very nice game, enjoying!"
76561198093818359,Recommended,402710,28708224,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,TheShadowOne,"One of the best early access games i have played.i have played over 30 hours and completed all the content, for a early access game thats a good deal of content.I must admit playing on a private server with my friends was so much fun in co-op mode.I hope this game gets more updates soon so we can keep playing. thanks for everything"
,Recommended,402710,28698964,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Blanche,need chinese please ！
,Recommended,402710,28931808,Posted: 1 January,all,svero,"Very good start. Overall this is shaping up to be a very good game. It's similar to Subnautica, only on land and with more shooting/fighting.Building ships and vehicles and your base is pretty fun. There's a bit of grind to it, but it's generally well done.There's a lot that needs work and could be improved, but overall it's fun and in a good state for an unfinished early access game. Quite stable and playable too overall, but you will run out of content fairly quickly if you start playing now."
76561198022003762,Recommended,402710,29042306,Posted: 5 January,all,DragonDave,real good game but on online multi-player better have your own build slot then do not run out of it.
76561198148812968,Recommended,402710,29100913,Posted: 7 January,all,Snake036035,"Good game with good potenial. I can really see this game growing into a good survival/space game.If you like survival and space games you should try this out.But at the moment the content is a little small so after 12 to 16 hours gameplay you have done most.But it is still a good game.I do hope to see more options in terms of planning with the drones.Better task scheduling or options like when 1 mining deposit is gone he goes to the next.Hopefully some more crafting and several rescourses to mine.There are some (minor) bug, I would refer to the disscusions page for that.Conclusion, good game, see good opportunities, hopefully the game continues to grow for a while."
76561197962683383,Recommended,402710,28195710,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Patton,Excellent with alot of potention moving forward.
,Recommended,402710,30998409,Posted: 7 April,all,GRiD,Just a few hours in so far and I'm liking it a lot. Its like a futuristic version of Rust or Day-Z. The resources are plentiful but you still have to work for them due to all the aliens.
76561197995175176,Recommended,402710,29065883,Posted: 6 January,all,Skylark-X,"you like space? YOU GET SPACEyou like rocks? YOU GET ROCKSyou like surviving? YOU GET TO SURVIVEyou like aliens? YOU GET TO SCREAM AND KILL THEMyou like building? OH BABY YOU CAN DO THATyou like vehicles? YOU GET VEHICLESAnyways, for early access, this game is pretty amazing. Everything is fairly balanced and fair at the moment, love this game. Play it everyday. I literally have one, singular complaint. WHEN YOU BUILD WALLS, THEY DO NOT SNAP TOGETHER. Therefore, it is difficult to line them up, they will ALWAYS have a gap, and the corner pieces don't always work properly, IE needing to have them backwards to make a corner.20 Thumbs up."
,Recommended,402710,28816356,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,HiFlyinLowlife,"Recommended with qualifications.I've spent way too much time recently in Osiris. Most of it with friends. The atmosphere is gorgeous and the building/exploration made it well worth the price of admission during the $19.99 sale.You start off crash landed on a moon with a broken space suit. Luckily, you have duct tape, a mining tool/melee weapon, a repair tool and a map. These items you won't lose on death. The rest, that's up to you. Mining rocks attracts baddies like in dune and these baddies don't play around. Even the environment wants you dead with suit ripping plants and random metoer showers. Then there is this nagging worm issue the moon has. Eventually, you will build a thriving base.. get vehicles.. and begin exploring beyond the moon you call home.It gives itself into a very pleasant game. HOWEVER.. it is in early access. There are bugs. And not ones you can kill with your chisel/guardian drone. Every now and then, you will be randomly ported if the game thinks you are stuck. Your drone has an inventory and you can rename it... but.. on restart you lose the name and any items it held. Once you get the huevos to go to Aziel, the nearby ice moon, you might experience the horror of losing your ship(your ride home) to a glitch. I'm currently marooned on a friend's server.The Devs seem on point with updates and it looks like this will be a staple in my playlist for some time to come. Just... Picky buyer beware... for now."
76561197983600887,Recommended,402710,28696699,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,LDiggity,"Ok, so make sure and don't lose your assault rifle before you find the cave with Lithium.  You do that, you will be fine.  Once you craft the GAV it's pretty fun.  Game has amazing potential."
,Recommended,402710,28817079,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Oelonyx,"They forgot to emphasize the fact that keeping up with your faction is key to eventually surviving. Kill on site is everywhere. If you were to survive, go into an empty server and never settle unless your base is 100% fortified. Also is no fun withought friends."
76561198086184867,Recommended,402710,28815145,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Trost,This game is an amazing experience the fun of exploring other planets and exploring space is so fun and the building mechanics are fantastic it is one of the best games I have played this year
,Recommended,402710,28810020,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,zZ_GHAST_Zz,"Love this game, as of this review I have just over 12 hours logged and I absolutely love the game. If you imagined a Rust in space this would be the game. It does have its niches but they are more then bearable trust me, grab this game and you won't regret it."
,Recommended,402710,28810160,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Scipio Africanus,"the game works pretty great, havent encountered any bugs yet, its just that there is not too much content as of yet. I got a good 10+ hours out of it and and Ive done pretty much everything, but i can see myself doing it all again in coop with friends.Summary: great game, can't wait for more content, lots of potential!"
76561198094553415,Recommended,402710,28813720,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,The Xerox Mimic,"If you don't mind grinding a lot this is the game for you.I do recommend the game,They need to work on the knockback received from the creatures."
76561198023730618,Recommended,402710,28822484,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,micachu86,"Great game! I really like the atmosphere of the game, the combat is fun, the monsters are scary and challenging."
76561198013673206,Recommended,402710,30990029,Posted: 6 April,all,Supahtrupah,"As a fan of survival games, I must say Oziris got me hooked real fast even though it is still in early access. Amazing enviroment, suported by solid gameplay made it easy for me to immerse myself in the experience of being stranded on a hostile alien planet, either alone or with my friends.That being said, this game is still far from complete. It takes about eight hours of gameplay to pretty much explore all the building options and vehicles, and as far as space travel is concerned, you can go to one other planet. The developers are updating the game regularly, but I just wish they would speed up the pace because i cant wait to try out all the features of the game that are included, but not implemented yet.Pros:- Great graphics and spectacular weather effects- Entertaining combat- Great resource system, requires planing and organization,- Beacons, Locator, Pathlights... nifty gadgets- Ok base building, kinda limited to certain terrain but looks good- Working multiplayer- the motha♥♥♥♥ing wormCons:- Lots of bugs regarding monsters and collison (their solution for corpses is that they fall through the map, sometimes crating hilarious glitches)- The robot assistant ai isnt very good, he keeps getting stuck everywhere- Limited map. I flew around the map and it seems that you spawn in a large map to play in, and the rest is the sandy desert. Might just be early content, will see.- Survival factor isnt so important, starting suplies will last you quite a while...- It isnt finished... :(Like I said, it's in early access, there is still plenty to do, but as game is now, it provides a chalenge and a great amount of replayability considering the mentioned maps are huge and sometimes chosing a location for the base can be tricky given the building limitations (they took this into account there are large flat areas around the map). The constant monster attacks keep you on edge as  you try to establish your base, and you have to explore the wilderness in search of the right ores and minerals for the next building/vehicle/gun.This is subnautica meets the martian, and I recomend trying it if you are into survival/shoter/colonisation kinda game :)"
,Recommended,402710,31002220,Posted: 7 April,all,Hardonn,"Ok, 26 hours gameplay, the new moon came just a little while back, I didn't get to it yet, even after going into space to gather stuff because I'm exploring the 1st world as a whole for now. Great game, and here comes some suggestions to improve it. Love the game so far, but it feels too much like a sketch.I've started and failed one time to see how commands and environment felt, then created a universe to actually go for it(Infested with aliens and high rewards, wanted the danger and the feeling of acomplishment combined.). Here is where I found myself completely out of base resources such as iron and aluminium, ran a LOT to find those, got into a lot of trouble ofc and the threat level felt really good, but the movement in early and mid game is complete♥♥♥♥♥♥ rifle precision is terrible I have to one tap always, spraying is hideously stupid, wastes 2 clips to hit a couple of shots.* Add difficulty to aquire things; improve combat(A.S.A.P.), combine all worlds into one, so we can have big skirmishes over terrain and form alliances; add a trade system; complicate the game, because it's really easy to get everything. Don't remove the stuff that are already in, simply add more people to compete over the same ground and reduce the resource respawn to like once or twice a day in varying hours.-----I feel sad because it feels like a single player game. Even if single player is removed, people can create universes, which leads to the same.* Remove that spaceship. Hideous controls, it is not a quick combat vehicle and thus it's useless¹ to have it, also useless to learn it, I'll try to use it simply as a cargo tool, would even be better if a robot could drive it because it actually kills the fun you were having while driving a hoverbike(Love this thing). Can also just dumb it down so it can be handled with 2 mouse buttons and movement, as it is simply a means to get up, gather 1 thing and come down.¹ - For actually playing. Wish I could just click and it would move to that point. Or make a new type like Planetside2's ESFs - Complicated, efficient, fun and quick af. Not to mention it's actually useful there. xD* Base turrets are too weak, can increase the price by large and also increase damage and/or rate of fire up(significantly please, it really sucks). After I get into my base I actually want a good degree of safety. Smoke or coffee breaks were more or less made possible now, after I got 4 of them around a small area, and time is needed to gather wastes. ='(* Vehicles having no defenses -and- high weapon damage? Honestly I only use my hoverbike. The rest are there simply because I could build it(Spaceship only there to get space mats, forgot the name). Not efficient = not using.K, again, I'm loving this game as a sketch. Let's hope it goes in a good direction."
76561198052292288,Recommended,402710,29179114,Posted: 11 January,all,sirbiznatch_41,"Very atmospheric! Made me rewatch all space adventure films! Comunicative devs, who share their vision and work-in-progress  info! Recomended to all my friends!"
,Recommended,402710,29177039,Posted: 10 January,all,Dr. Doop,Beautiful graphics and outstanding music!! Really draws you into the atmosphere of the game and keeps you interested!Devs are constantly updating the game and adding new features. Though it is still in early access the game runs very smooth for me and even on highest settings! I feel like a real astronaut exploring alien planets.. even the building's are modeled to appear as something an astronaut built.. I am totally enjoying this game so far and i am really looking forward to see where the dev's take the game!
76561197983100644,Recommended,402710,28778068,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Discreet6247,"I played it with a friend for about 7 hours straight on 2 ocassions and I am looking forward to another session.  The multiplayer is built quite well, public servers and private invite only servers.  While going through the environment you gain experience to improve your character, mine for minerals, defend yourself, and build structures across the planet.  The character you create can currently only be played on that specific environment.  I quite enjoy that aspect while playing with my friends.Even with the game still in development it has brought hours of fun.  This game shows great promise.  To the devs, continue the great work"
,Recommended,402710,28779956,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Aggroware,"Was swallowed whole by a giant sandworm while wandering through a desert in the first 5 minutes. 10/10Osiris: New Dawn just might be one of the best survival games that I've played in a long time. Teaming up with strangers has been a blast for me and I definitely recommend it solely on the fact that we need more players in this game!Visually, this game looks incredibly vibrant and at night it is especially eerie when roaming around in the dark with just your headlamp on.When I got to space for the first time I was actually super happy being able to pop out of the ship and float around mining asteroids. This game has so much potential.It isn't too complicated to understand how to play. There isn't much of a tutorial other than it telling you how to save and build 2 structures that are necessary for progressing and the rest is pretty much up to you.With it being in EA, there is always room for glitches and bugs and things that might♥♥♥♥♥♥you off.-The thing I have the biggest issue with at the moment, is the blue outline that is on EVERYTHING. Every structure, every vehicle, everything except ore nodes and the damn ground highlights in a light blue. It's really offputting. If the outline wasn't there, it would make the game so much better. We aren't idiots, we know what we're aiming at.-I've teleported a couple times, one time to somewhere completely random on the map while I was in my base. Wasn't a big deal, and another time where it teleported me into a wall and I had to move around until it finally clipped me through the building and was able to walk around.-There are way too many servers in my opinion. There are PVE and PVP servers with different modifiers for alien difficulty and how infested they are. The aliens aren't too strong unless you make them strong in a single player game before you start your world.-IF you play on PVP, be prepared to lose your stuff. Also, be prepared to not be able to get anything if you try to raid other players. As of yet, you don't get any loot from destroying or raiding other players, which in a way is kind of a bummer.-If the giant sandworm pops out, even if it's kind of far away, it still sounds like it's right next to you. Walk around in 3rd person as often as you can to make sure it isn't you it's about to eat, run like hell.This is what No Mans Sky should have been. I know I'm beating a dead horse like everyone else when I say that. RIght now there are two planets and the devs want to have an entire solar system. Which would be incredible.Great game. Really expected to try this and not like it and get my money back after 2 hours but I just kept wanting more. Playing with people and forming a colony has gotta be one of the best parts so far."
,Recommended,402710,28753751,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,SteelBeams,"If you want a adventure and you also like sci-f, osiris is the game for you. With tons of diffrent types of aliens, meteor showers, caves to explore, and resources to gather with your vast tools, the game trully is an amazing open world game. 9/10"
76561198332634414,Recommended,402710,28793899,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,ajnbernardo,"This game is a must play for everyone. Like every other early access game, it might be buggy, but the mechanics of the game are awesome. I just wish they add pure minerals, base and precious metals get in the way of collecting minerals."
,Recommended,402710,29086379,Posted: 7 January,all,Mumble,LOVE IT even in this early stage it just feels right even tho there are lots of bugs and glitches its still lovable and after finishing everything in the game currently in only 24 hours im a bit dissapointed but there will only be stuff aded from here which i am super exited for 9/10 but 11/10 when its complete. The makings of something good here
76561198115546977,Recommended,402710,28741151,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,boneless tacos,amazing
76561198145189045,Recommended,402710,28750647,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Solaire Of Astora,"Osiris is a pretty good game for being in early access.I think there´s a lot of potentional in this game if the devs don´t abandon it, in the middle of early access.It has a few gamebreaking bugs here and there but overall it´s also a very stable game.personal note: Im gonna keep playing this for months maybe years to come, if it´s not abandoned."
76561198291289830,Recommended,402710,28886788,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,✪Wolfie☢,"Games awesome. After being destroyed by no mans sky this is a great alternative. A little buggy but overall a great game, and who can beat the 20 dollar price tag?"
76561198029452110,Recommended,402710,28893618,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,IStormBlastI,"This game is damn fun. I'm not that far in but I'm hooked so far. Glitches are real, but mostly not game breaking. Good blend of crafting, exploration, and combat. Sometimes it's truely terrifying... Would poo my pants again! BTW, if your rig can handle it, it's insane at 4K rez..."
,Recommended,402710,28839749,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,TrentonDerek,"Really fun game, I played over 20 hours in 4 days! Just wating for some friends to get it to start a pvp world. There are some bugs like some rocks that are invisable but when you pass through you get stuck and when you die with a ship while flying it gets stuck but othere that that really great game!"
,Recommended,402710,28907205,Posted: 1 January,all,puh puh puh pirate ghost!,This game has so much potential. I love the idea of a survival game that really makes you terrified of the world you inhabit and not knowing what might be around the corner trying to kill you. Crafting and base building are very satisfying and combat is a life or death fight throughout early game. Dev's are adding lots of features and listening to the community well. Very happy with this game so far and can't wait for more!
76561198107246653,Recommended,402710,28989171,Posted: 3 January,all,Anotaros,Potential Galore
76561198005048521,Recommended,402710,28990254,Posted: 3 January,all,OracleX,This game has incredible potential.  This is now one of my favorite survival games.
,Recommended,402710,29028602,Posted: 5 January,all,[TAW] NEBx,"Let me begin with these points:It's a survival game - which means there WILL be some grinding.It's early access - which means there WILL be bugs.There are some reviews that complain about these 2 things but as of the date of this review it actually plays quite nicely in terms of stability.  I think there are some inefficiencies which drag the frame down a bit, usually I sit around 40 frames with a medium to high powered machine.The grinding? Ok well I'll admit there is like 2 or 3 resources that are tricky to find the first time but once you found where they are, it's a piece of cake.  The resources in this game all respawn after some time and in the exact same position where they were, which in my opinion is a little sucky once you got the basics down.  Respawn = good, same place = meh, not my thing, I like to explore but each to their own.The game is multiplayer (and single player if you prefer), both on public and private servers (private servers still use developer owned clusters), and for my experience has been pretty smooth.  I have a private server with some buddies in the US and we experience minimal lag, at least nothing noticable to me (being Australian) no matter who creates the server.  There are occasional disconnects but again nothing to excessive (could just be crappy Aussie internet).NOTE: If you're going to play on public servers, it is no different than any other online game.  THERE WILL BE TROLLS - Learn to live with it or play a private server, don't blame the game for it!I think at the moment the game strikes a reasonably good balance between single player and multiplayer (both PvE and PvP), although I think it is designed with a more PvP focus.  To elaberate: you can get some good game time and enjoyment for many hours in single player or a PvE server but in my opinion I think ultimately you'll want to migrate to PvP for replayability.  This could change in future as they add more planets.Ok now to wrap it up!  Do I recommend? Yes, if you like survival games, science fiction and exploration it's a pretty sweet game.As I mentioned there ARE bugs but nothing too great as far as I've experienced just minor things like creatures clipping through walls, items disappearing from inventory occasionally, textures not showing right, buggy AI's etc.  Nothing I would call ""game breaking"".All in all I like it and I have fun with it NOW and it has much potential for the future!"
76561198065437708,Recommended,402710,29020395,Posted: 4 January,all,Mickhael,Really good with huge posibilities and expectation from comunity.Hope to not dissapoint in the final. But uif devs will keep in mind community advices will be one of the best.
76561198255956859,Recommended,402710,29023795,Posted: 4 January,all,ResultedTech,"In multiplayer storage chests ad possibly other storage containers do not save what is in them so i have ended up losing my materials... :(    I understand that it is in early access but it is a pain to go get mateials and store them, be the last person to log off and come back the next day to find some things missing.   Otherwise I am loving this game keep it up"
76561198015955181,Recommended,402710,29024329,Posted: 4 January,all,Hempire,"Love it. Not as buggy as I thought and locked at 60fps on max settings (1070). Public servers can be pretty bad for performance and the PvP needs changing (offline raids), but as far as a fun space survial game you can play with your friends, it's awesome. Private servers will also stay up once you make them regardless of if you're online or not, so you and your friends can keep things going without all needing to be on at once."
,Recommended,402710,29014837,Posted: 4 January,all,Dread,"A lot of fun! i see huge huge potential with this game, my only problem with it is the fact that planets servers etc have a maximum structure limit. that means if you find a server and join it you'll most likely realise you cant build anything as its already at 400/400! i have no idea why they have this feature is nothing but a problem, other than that i love this game a great deal."
,Recommended,402710,28774929,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,ZombieWars,"I just played through this update Minus going to Aziel because it crashes on private universe, the game lacks content in some reguards but it was a awesome experience and I can't wait for future updates, I hope the devs reach the potential that this game has :D"
76561197966314458,Recommended,402710,28776176,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Barutha,"Played my first hour, im hooked.  Very cool.  Sweet visuals.   Plenty of crafting options, but simple to do.  You have to mine, craft, and build your whole base from the ground up and craft your consumable supplies and ammo.   And meanwhile deal with occasional alien creatures, meteor showers, sand storms, day/night cycles, ect.  Looks great so far, +1 for just starting out.I'll edit review after getting some more play time in."
,Recommended,402710,28777580,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,skibum608,"This game has A LOT of potential.Starts out strong with searching for resources to build structures, and fighting for survival. Gameplay eventually hits a wall with progress, but it is very early on in developement.If you're in search for a colonizing/space exploration game, I highly suggest supporting the work being done here."
76561198285699149,Recommended,402710,28775443,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Stormrage312,"Despite the fact that this game does have some noticeable bugs it is a pretty good game overall. Plus, it is still a fairly new game and it's early access, so bugs are to be expected. The devs are working on it though. It does also have a slight learning curve in the beginning like learning how to patch your suit breach when you first start (I failed at this when i started) and where to find materials (failed at this too). The game overall is pretty good however. It's got amazing graphics and the designs for the habitat the Rover and the mech are all very sweet. The environment is pretty cool and the models for the enemies look awesome yet terrifying when you encounter them out of no where at night (I was building my habitat at night when an arachnoid came out of no where - I literally screamed). Overall it's a v ery good game and I look forward to seeing what the devs add in in the future"
,Recommended,402710,28772797,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,punkid13,Very fun so far.  Only a few bugs that I noticed.  Resource crafting and storage can be a bit click-heavy due to managing 20 stakcs of 5 of each resource.  I cant wait until resources stack themselevs!
,Recommended,402710,28810624,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Remnants,So far i am having a good time with this game.Pros-Looks great-Simple (easy to understand) craft/skill system-Interesting worldCons-No where near finished-needs balancing-more craftables*suit upgrades*weapons*buildings*etc-more resources to gather
,Recommended,402710,28849249,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Ghost Sniper RS,This is Great Game i love it it is everything i have expected from this game.And for me this is little brother from Star Citizen
76561198013606671,Recommended,402710,27419138,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,DaGlow,ello alli finaly decided it was time to get it wos still little sceptical about the early acces stage of the game but hey i didnt regret a thing to buy iti see all the hate comming to this game of this bugs this bugs etc etc but hey keep in mind its early acces and the bugs they are realy not that bad for a game in this early stage of releasecant wait for the full release great game keep it up and support the devs with good feedback and no hate mail
76561198044400292,Recommended,402710,28825345,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Lordflashheart-Woof,"This game looks damn impressive for a 3 person team and i would love to be able to play it however the FOV is a killer and with no slider available it wreaks havok with my motion sickness so unfortunatley i had to get a refund, however I look forward to repurchasing when this feature is hopefully added."
,Recommended,402710,28843525,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Fappin inthewind,"This game has a lot of potential, I really hope they don't give up on it like so many other early access games were given up on."
76561198354582207,Recommended,402710,29076923,Posted: 6 January,all,Ryan Davis,Game is absolutely breathtaking. Aliens are terrifying and challenging.  Multi-passenger vehicles would be nice to have in full game.
76561198093615948,Recommended,402710,29053755,Posted: 5 January,all,BIGMANLOGJAM,"This is a cool game and it's headed in a good direction.  Just keep in mind it's early access!  It is playable as it stands, but just as a sandbox either single-player or multiplayer.  It will seem tough at first, but once you learn to use the resources right it picks up."
76561197965060389,Recommended,402710,29101566,Posted: 7 January,all,Iro,Really enjoyable survivor game that you can play with your friends with.This is what most people wanted from No Man Sky and it's a third of the price and have better support.
76561198013285865,Recommended,402710,29102101,Posted: 7 January,all,Bumper,"it's very good so far, hoping for more content but it's already worth the money."
76561198088767929,Not Recommended,402710,30866062,Posted: 31 March,all,jackryan529,"Additional review - 5/25/17 .. The game is still unplayable , they fixed the terrain but now it's impossible to find the gasses you need to craft items... I spent 3 hours of my precious time wanting to have FUN only to waste it running around the Map looking for gasses...STAY AWAY FROM THIS GAME until it is Fixed.My Original review was positive - But after the latest Patch the Game has become unplayableDue to the Devs creating a Topography that is unplayable.50 mile high mountains and 50 mile deep valleys with no way of traversing either and making75% of the map unplayable.And Resources are now Extremely rare - Yaaay ??? How stupid can people who make games be ?Do they even play the game they make and think - Yes this is fun ?? Really ??Extremely Dumb Devs that Do Not listen to the players.I mean really how the Hell does a dev make a game that was actually fun and make it unplayable and think it's a good idea ? .... So Stupid."
,Recommended,402710,31861334,Posted: 20 May,all,NewAgeSoldier(4NAS4) =D3S=,"Game is about survival, ah yeah, just what I need in my life!!!And then we got those who cant accept trouble or errors by a trial, the game is still in a BETA form, keep it down, wait till it gets finished up, that is what I am doing, including an enjoyment of the early state of the game :D <3 Just love this game! Whatever happens to it, I love it!"
76561198068121690,Recommended,402710,25776643,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Cobalt Orion,"1: Spawned in , got killed bye not realizing the duct tape in my inventory was for patching my damaged suite.2: Spent the next 2 days looking for plutonium, so i could build a forge.3: Found it on the third day after I was out of resources.4: Danced the funky chicken in my livingroom. then got eaten bye a giant worm. Cried myself to sleep5. Years later i have acheived glory and built a base and traveld to a different planet.Devs are stepping it up, Good job Guys!"
76561198239730430,Recommended,402710,31760807,Posted: 14 May,all,K'kes Teekon,Hey there is a huge problem... as of late none of my avatars are saving and im saving at every point i can... None the less this game is a ton of fun
,Recommended,402710,31815636,Posted: 17 May,all,Killer9169,Have played over 20 Hrs total and i love the game however since they changed the planet it seems to me like it has become so much harder to progress unless you turn off alien life because you have to travel FAR to get some of the basic resources i have found
76561198032562400,Recommended,402710,31849635,Posted: 19 May,all,xioke,so far excellent game just wish there were more people to play with but it is early access so tis expected to be a bit empty
,Recommended,402710,30883994,Posted: 1 April,all,Apdenoatis,"I purchased the game around early April and clocked about 15 hrs on single-player and a private server before the latest patch. I did play a few hours after the patch in single-player, but with the aliens turned off :PFirst, Osiris: New Dawn is written by a TINY team. Fenix Fire was literally a couple, at least for the duration of the development of their previous game, and I don't know if they managed to bring new people on board. That said, they're doing a great job. The game is more than worth the $25.Off the bat, one of my favorite things about the game is that you can play this single-player, or on a private server with friends, or on a public server, and thanks to the alien encounter toggle, you can have your experience be full of alien ambushes or a (relatively) relaxed one focused on safe exploration.Some of the mechanics changed with the patch, the big one being resources. The great part is that several new kinds of resources were added - there's now way more than one berry tree in the entire map, there's more plants you can eat (and they are easier to find), and gaseous nitrogen is now obtainable on the starter map. The second big change, which I think is great but some have disliked, is that ore deposits are now classified into and only appear as two groups (maybe three or four, I haven't explored the caves yet): base metals and precious metals. Each group yields a few possible different kinds of ores by varying chance, though you can also look at the color of the ore to get an idea of whether an ore is, say, predominantly aluminum. On the one hand, it can be a bit inconvenient to get a few types of ore (namely plutonium), but on the other hand, I've actually had an easier time acquiring large amounts of metals and the deposits are now bigger on average, from what I remember.There are currently two classes, with two more coming, though the main difference is just which skills they start out with, and with enough effort both classes can achieve a fully unlocked skill tree. It still makes the game a little easier to play in groups. There are also some other fun features, like a cave system to explore, meteors that occasionally fall (and may land VERY close to you), sandstorms, cookable alien meat, and eventually players will be able to tame and ride certain aliens. The new patch added much more interesting and mountainous terrain, along with abandoned equipment and bases (and what appear to be giant alien skeletons?) to find. Osiris tries hard, and succeeds, in offering a space colonization/survival experience that's realistic enough to be immersive but still entertaining and easy to pick up.Still, I don't know how hard Osiris is meant to be. The devs have said that they want the game to be more on the ""fun"" side but have also sort of hinted that whatever dangers are currently present in-game are going to be nothing compared to what they have planned. Currently, it's not *terribly* hard (maybe a 4 or 5 out of 10 in difficulty, with 10 being the hardest), even for someone like me who doesn't play a whole lot of games, and once you figure everything out things become much easier. I've seen some people describe the game as a joke, but honestly the game difficulty varies depending on the settings you decide to play on, how many people you're playing with, etc. Osiris has all kinds of ominous (but sometimes happy) music and some freaky monsters, and nighttime as a new player is basically a 20-minute anxiety attack, but after an hour or two you kind of get used to everything and it stops being scary. Maybe this is ok - space colonization is less intimidating once you're a veteran, right? But I guess if you're looking for a constantly fear and anxiety-inducing game, Osiris isn't it, and I don't know if it wants to be.Lastly, from hearsay, the public-server multiplayer is apparently populated by a non-insignificant number of trolls, and a security update to the game was only added a few weeks ago. I have faith that the devs will get multiplayer security and anti-troll functions to a better point sometime in the future, but at the moment, it looks like they're mostly focused on new content and fixing major issues pointed out by the player base on the forums (Use the wiki and go on the Steam forums, you will have a much better time, especially if you run into bugs, etc.) I do recommend at least starting out in single player or on a private server (both of which are still pretty fun) before jumping into public servers.A few bugs I've noticed from the latest patch, but nothing really serious other than the airlock, which got fixed:-some of the visuals are a bit buggy; nothing so far that impedes gameplay, just things like towers in the distance sometimes disappearing if you face them directly, or some ""seams"" appearing on the ground as you approach them.-lake water is not really liquid, it's just a visual layer at this point, but the lakes are new.-Airlock structures were disappearing, but apparently this is fixed.-Do keep in mind that you will probably have to disable your touch screen to play.All in all, I do recommend the game if you've ever wanted to build your own space base and enjoy exploration (and maybe feeling badass from eating aliens for dinner). It is still in alpha, and there are probably very few people working on the game, so while it's still in early access, don't have your expectations too high - do expect bugs, and do expect slow-ish updates. But, this is a cool game you can easily pick up yourself or with friends: $25 for what I'm quite sure will be hours of gameplay, and much more content to come."
76561198333666399,Recommended,402710,31785254,Posted: 16 May,all,gspud,"Loved this game to start with. Couldnt run it on highest settings but still looked great. Only problem i have with it is after the last patch one of my bases is now stuck halfway up and in a mountain..i can not use it,also my other base cannot be found. Lost heart in it a bit as it took me ages to establish the bases. Dont know if il play again,real shame."
76561198306345456,Recommended,402710,31805553,Posted: 17 May,all,Lightmanticore,"I have only played this game for a small while, but with the updates, have gotten so much fun. I also cant beleive... there are bosses! The wiki doesnt even know about this! Awsome game 10/10"
,Recommended,402710,31800037,Posted: 16 May,all,Korusho,"As a buy in for an early access game, I feel it is important to point out that this game is exactly that.EARLY ACCESSWhile this has so far been a fanastic title with a good chunk of potential, it is currently going through a large amount of reshuffling on how things work. What I can say about this title is that it is a crisp Sci-Fi inspired survival title with a wide variety of options and a strong focus on surviving hostile landscapes.If you purchase this title now, expect issues and bugs, but don't let that turn you away from what I suspect will be a fantastic survival title in the near future."
76561197994446519,Recommended,402710,31773901,Posted: 15 May,all,Beleron,"Hello all,This game have a lot of pontential this last update is amazing. I recommend this game if tou want a challenge and survival type game."
76561198319395255,Recommended,402710,31761054,Posted: 14 May,all,kwtruck2,"I like the game a lot , i think some people are missing  the whole point of this game.The game is well thought out and the Creator's of this game have given it a great deal of timeand planning. This is not meant to be a non- stop shooting arcade game. I like a survival gamethat challenges you, as well as having fun along the way."
,Recommended,402710,31788559,Posted: 16 May,all,JohnnyDeadmeat,a game with great potential but like all alphas  extremely unfinished and barely playable.still every update is like christmas and with each much improvement.so early adoption helps with paying their bills and keeping their dream alive. sure its frustrating but I know in one year or so it will be quite the title.
,Recommended,402710,28802464,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Arrested,Really fun to play with friends. Good game. Few bugs that i have found.1. when you put stuff in your droid and get disconnected or leave the game your stuff in the droids inventory disappears2. disconnects from the server a lot3. It is hard to hit the aliens on the planet with the chisel which makes it really hard to survive without a gun or vehicle
,Recommended,402710,33127879,Posted: 2 July,all,ТРИ ПОЛОСКИ,fun game
76561198210955536,Recommended,402710,28956022,Posted: 2 January,all,FromUnddaCheese,"so far after days of playing this i can now write an honest review. I know this is early release so im not going to bash on it. Starting off, the grahpics are great. Im 32yrs old and i grew up from atari and all the consoles and now im on PC, Some newbies like to critize on graphics first thing cause their spoiled lil ♥♥♥♥♥. Second the building structures look awesome. Find resources does take time but i wish i had more folks to play with online CO-op. i did manage to play an hour or so online mutilplayer and then when i logged back on a day later all the stuff we buillt up got destroyed or disappeared. Idk if it was a glitch of monsters came in and destroyed everything. 3rd the concept behind this game is phnemonal! I love how you can scout and scavenge for materials and such to survive, grow food, make water etc. I currently cannot go online multiplayer due to whatever is going on with the servers. Please bring them up soon. Out of 10 stars i give it a 7 as of now. Make me go to Ten!!"
,Not Recommended,402710,28632527,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Memez_Meister,"Well... they killed their own game with last map update, game is becoming grindy, the standard starting drops are missing and I am battling giant aliens with my hands due to the durability of the hammer u are given in the beggining, the needed resources are splattered all across the map, u have to walk a few kilometers(and believe me that is ALOT) and waste half your clips of ammo to get 1/3 of the material to make what u wasted, the tree for unlocking crafts has also become much worse than before, pulling the game even more towards the grindy part.My conclusion is that I need to get my money back or atleast they need to make it avaliable to play at the last version the map that wasnt updated so that I can feel fun playing this game, not annoyance."
,Not Recommended,402710,29851345,Posted: 11 February,all,TankerHeinz,"This game has become too complicated to play. Having to unlock every little thing in the skill tree is really irratating, important resources are too hard to come by, and taking away the guns from when we spawn has left me totally exposed there is no way to fight multiple crab monsters with a rock."
,Not Recommended,402710,26094246,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,AlfakleNaN,"This game is a bug-ridden mess. When I start the game, it puts me under the map, with no way of getting out of it. Exiting singleplayer crashes the game. 0/10.Nice graphics though."
76561198328604759,Recommended,402710,33262565,Posted: 4 July,all,danhine14,"This game has great potential, love what they have done so far and cant wait to see what the other class rolls are like, lacking in content right now as it is still in the early stages but it has plenty of thing to do to keep you busy for hours. One of the best parts of this game is how far you can go when grouping with other people, it takes some time to get started if you prefer to go it alone but if you join a colony then you can be building ships, bikes, mechs and beast veichles in no time."
76561198204810295,Recommended,402710,33222021,Posted: 4 July,all,jygantic,"***Early Access Game***Common pre purchase questionsHave the dev's done the release of Osiris right?No, A few bad update choices where made, which angered the community.Is the game near bug free?.........HAHAHAHAHA next question.Does the game look good?Yes and no, some terrain improvements are needed, but the rest of the game is AAA+ to AAA grade.Now the improtant questions!Is the game fun?Hell yes if you don't mind to grindLearning curve?Yes as with all games, but not super hard to learnControls?Quite good, 3rd person veiw has a few issues, but nothing to kill yourself over.How much content is there?20hrs -40hrs depending on playstyle, for now. More will be released over time.Potential for the game?To be the best space survival game ever, literally!Is the game worth my hard earned serf money?If you want a fully finshed space survival game without bugs then, No.If you want to get a game that will one day rival all others of its genre, then yes.Price I would pay now.....$10-20When finshed ........$50-80"
76561198078205519,Not Recommended,402710,32182014,Posted: 4 June,all,Egg.,"Well, the game  is not really that good as of now, the devs don't seem to look at the playerbase for feed back on updates... Or on anything."
76561198003081347,Not Recommended,402710,25858170,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Joras,The game has a lot of promise and some issues right now but overall I love the game and can't wait for future patches.Update 07/09/17After playing further and seeing how the update process was progressing I can honestly say the game is getting worse not better.  I'll revisit in 6 months and see if they have reversed direction.
,Recommended,402710,29151114,Posted: 9 January,all,Zrikk,"It's so ""early"" access that it is hardly enjoyable game, concept is fine but way too many bugs that can totaly ruin your save, I had few hours into a new game and then somehow something happened and I couldn't move, even if I make new game or log on server I still can't move..., and that is just one of many bugs that games has, not even speaking that there is no real end game, nothing realy to do once you finish first vehicle.Edit:Returned to game after some time of not-playing it. As I stated before the game was realy very ""early"" access. But after not realy that long time, game changed A LOT. To be honest, haven't found a single bug, single annoyance so far, or anything realy game breaking anymore! So for me this is actualy very enjoyable game to play, absolutely changing my revious review into possitive cuz Devs have done a  hell of a good job there. I only wish the multiplayer time-outing would get a bit tweaked but it is still very good ^^ For any fan of challenging survival games, I can absolutely recommend"
,Not Recommended,402710,31402682,Posted: 27 April,all,D3ATHCOM5,"So, at first, I was skeptically about this game. I wasn’t sure what to think of it, it was good at being very bad. A few updates later it seems that good changes where being put in place. The negative reviews where disappearing and being replaced by positives ones. So I started to play the game a bit more and I found that it hadn’t quite reached the point for me to continue playing. So I waited a bit longer and after about a month and a half I saw a big update. Here I’m like “aw yea it’s better” so I waited a few more weeks for some of the major bugs to get removed, so I could play. Today I just got back from camping and not wanting to do more work on my Traveler of Choices mini game, for Minecraft, I played some Osiris. Logged in and saw the new character creation options and I was impressed at the work that had been put into it. But unfortunately, after starting up the game for the first time in a few months I had realized how much Fenix Fire Entertainment had messed up.Here are some pros and cons. If you’re thinking about buying this I’d wait about 2 months and then check the review again. I’m telling you right now, if you buy this you will lose your $15, or after Steam Summer sale, $25.Pros:-Overall good game for a company’s first game-Decent Character Creation-Decent Gameplay, not the best but improving-Average of 30fps, from about 15fps 2 months ago, I can play most games max with no problems, like Ark SurvivalCons:-Too difficult, even when tilting the game to your favor-Just get swamped by enemies-Seems passive creature where removed-No longer can play the game without hardcore grinding-No longer getting any basic tools, everything locked down tighter than a bunker-Feels almost like they are trying to dry fist you with a bowling ball-Everything’s a struggle with little to no progressionI’d really suggest waiting at least a month or two, but even than it feels like this game will flop and no one will play it.I know that I will probably never buy another game from this company again.I also am aware that it is in Alpha. But giving a game developer the excuse of “it’s an alpha just relax bra” is beginning to get really annoying. You have a bunch of first time creators out there that have released alphas that where 10x more stable and less buggy than Osiris. Branding your game as an alpha just to get people to buy it because they want a change of pace from the reskins of previous triple A titles is getting annoying. I mean now it’s basically a market strategy to say “hey my games not a remake of others but I need loads of money to make this game a beta. Yes I’m aware that it should take less than two years, yea I am going to drag it on to about 7 or 8 years (Space Engineers, now there is a bunch of incompetent coders if I ever seen any)”You’ve now heard my voice the choice is yours. Will you buy a game that has a high probability of being a disappointment, or will you risk seeing if it’ll turn around? Don’t come crying to the review section if it’s a disappointment, I tried to warn you"
76561198186958009,Recommended,402710,28864624,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Desann,"Cons: fall damage can be a bit to sensitive sometimes, quite hard for players to find water.Pros: easy to learn, it's a very fun game, you can create a custom character, food is easy to find, materials are also easy to find (most of the time).i like this game, and i really recommend trying it (i recommend looking at some walkthroughs and let's plays of it, so it's easier to understand)."
,Not Recommended,402710,29439262,Posted: 23 January,all,miyur,only good if you have a coop partner.. single player will have tough time gathering the resources..far me personally to collect gases to craft is like you need a ton of barrels and an empty 'bagpack'
76561198007785290,Recommended,402710,29438012,Posted: 22 January,all,Hermedic,"Really Headed in the right direction 10 hrs in, having an absolute blast!Great Job Keep up the good work.... WELL worth the 25dollarsReally looking forward to updates @Osiris #Osiris"
,Not Recommended,402710,29436470,Posted: 22 January,all,SudoSoldier,"Players have assult rifles that will make your vehicles and defenses look like paper. Hours or days of work gone in seconds.Absolutely do not purchase this game, unless they entirely rework PVP at some point in development. This game will die if they do not which is sad because it could have serious potential.Personally I am angry enough that I will not pick it up again, even if they do.I've never been unhappy enough with a game to write a review, so that speaks for itself."
76561198035213529,Recommended,402710,29439869,Posted: 23 January,all,Pastafarian,Truly an amazing game. Only not much content yet.If you like space and survival games this is for you. The enemy´s are tough and at night deadly. Really gives you a horror feeling when going into caves or trying to find you way home in the dark.
,Recommended,402710,29440506,Posted: 23 January,all,T-Flex CME.GG,"As expected, it is a buggy game but, when it's been ironed out, it has the potential to be one of the best space exploration games out there."
,Recommended,402710,29306180,Posted: 16 January,all,Chambo,"has a lot of potential, Sadly IMO released too early. Different to other survival games... Go for it"
,Recommended,402710,29416565,Posted: 22 January,all,Cody17,"i'm liking it so far but i have an issue with building vehicles. i made sure i had all of the materials, i upgraded my skills to be able to build vehicles so i know it's not that. but when i build one, it doesn't appear outside. it accepts my materials and everything, but nothing shows up outside of the lab. anyone got a fix?"
76561197963542829,Recommended,402710,29413724,Posted: 21 January,all,Jay,"Only about 20-25 hours of content before it starts to get boring, but man are those hours good.  The game looks and feels great.  Ark meets Astroneer in this gritty space survial, and granted there are definitely some annoyances and bugs, this game is much fun in its early stages.  Can't wait to see what comes next for Osiris: New Dawn!"
76561197977253132,Recommended,402710,29419292,Posted: 22 January,all,gogz,This is the space survival game I've been waiting for for a long time. Still in early access but devs are constantly updating and adding new content. I've played almost 30 hours and have pretty much ran out of things to do. The devs are working on introducing more worlds and material and they constantly read the forums for bugs/improvements etc.The game can also be modded to suit the player needs. I started the game with no aliens as I wanted a survival experience similar to 'The Martian'; making sure I have enough food and water whilst building a suitable living environment and building vehicles). I recently added aliens to my game (alien difficulty can be changed) and enjoying the new challenge.
76561197982797334,Recommended,402710,29417214,Posted: 22 January,all,Mercenary,Now first of all im a huge fan of open world space games and when i bought No mans land .. i guess i was just as excided the other 1 million who bought no mans lie and was Very  disssapointed .. #but guys this game is the real deal..First of all let me say this .. this game blows no mans land right out of water guys .. i just started got few hours in and cant stop playing its what no mand land was sopost to be just better ...im not gonna do the pos and cons thing cus its still to eatly but what i can say is buy this game you will not be dissapointed its 1000% yout moneys worth .....dont venture out at night its scary as hell !!!  the Monsters are pretty scary .. thats all i will say .. see you on osiris ..
76561198087626265,Recommended,402710,29452744,Posted: 23 January,all,Justified,This is the game I expected. The game is still an Alpha. AI counld be better but I have had fun in single player 21 straight hours. You can mine in space and other planets. I like where the game is taking me.
,Recommended,402710,29455000,Posted: 23 January,all,nightphreak,"I'm going to have to say it's a great game with great promise, just hoping that dev's live up to this promise.i've read several reviews about this game, and the bad ones were just nit picking over things that were still being worked on. Build limits for example... i don't think they intended to keep a limit so low on buildings forever... that would be a bit ridiculous. Happily though that has been fixed, i havn't had much problem with the combat system, yeah it can be a little annoying at times having to fix holes in your suit because you stepped on a spike ball while being chased by a monster, or a monster hit you and you have to repair your suit, but it's really not a big deal, usually you can take out whatever is attacking you long before you need to fix your suit completely. Initially I was unable to start on a public server due to the build restriction, so i started a private game with a friend, we did pretty much all you can do in the game so far with little to no problem, though some bugs did appear for myself that my friend was not affected by, but i'm not too worried about that either, this is still in production so they are still working all the bugs out. looking forward to seeing more of the crafting system being developed. Not sure if it is still happening but we were able to build vehicles without the rerequisite skills to do so, which was kind of nice so we could test them out and such. spaceship randomly getting sent into orbit sucked, but i'm sure they will fix that as well. I would like to see community mods on this title as i think they might help gameplay and possibly give dev's some ideas as to what they could do to fix some things or improve on the game, though i doubt that will happen anytime soon being seemingly so early in development. As it sits this game is not ready to be played, if you play it and don't like something just remember they are still working on it, if you really think this is bad try working as a game tester for any game company, you will see a lot of unplayable games often. but they polish those games and make them better as time goes on to make it a good game with some bugs still left in it. and that's from major game publishers. they have a nice solid foundation that they can build on, i'm hoping they end up giving the entire planet a map eventually instead of only a small portion, you will know when you leave the ""map"" when you find tons of barren landscape that has no resources on it, because there is nothing limiting you from entering this area i can only assume they plan on adding content over the entire planet, which will be awesome. overall as the game sits i give it a 7 of 10 for quality taking into account that this title is still in progress. ps. don't step on lava, it hurts."
76561198062833788,Recommended,402710,29452245,Posted: 23 January,all,Nickzouk,Hey... thats pretty good!
,Recommended,402710,29106028,Posted: 7 January,all,IIAcroII,"I would absolutely recommend this game to anyone who is a fan of space/planet exploration and sandbox like survival. Within this review I will list over the pros of this game and also the cons, so lets begin.Pros:The setting during days and nightsThe different kinds of weather you can experience on your journeysThe vast amount of vehicles you can create and driveThe GIANT SANDWORMSThe soundtrack for the game is incredible and is worth just to load up and listen, really gives off that space vibe that its supposed too!The new HUD, no more giant textboxes telling you what is what.The amount of weapons and tools you can acquire is quite slim, but is really worth it.The ability to build a whole colony and grow crops or just chill out in your barracks!Cons:Added!In multiplayer, none of the vehicles are two-seated. This would be a great addition to the game and make exploration much better!Again with the multiplayer, the mech animation is quite...... weird to say the least...When building walls it gets quite tedious as they do not snap together to form a good leveled looking wall that it should.Path lights dont give off a good amount of light.Only a select few of vehicles can be customized to look a different color.No color blue.Aziel, the new planet, is very buggy.Salamanders are more scary dead than alive and even when looted they give you the randomest of items.No good looking GUI for planet traveling, what I mean is that when you leave Aziel or Protheus 2, you have to look at the planet or search for it, which takes forever, just so you can travel to it. I suggest adding a full GUI so you can select where you want to go.Conclusion:All in all this game is amazing and is worth visiting every once in a while, the exploration is fun along with the survival factor! For a two-man team this is absolutely amazing! You did what No Mans Lie could never do and I hope that you steer down the right path to make this game better than it already is! Goodluck to the players and goodluck to the developers, happy traveling!"
76561198107067564,Recommended,402710,29432996,Posted: 22 January,all,owenisgame,fun in singleplayerextra fun in private serversnot so fun in public serverslit af123123/10 buy it now
,Recommended,402710,29431932,Posted: 22 January,all,Miles,"As of 1/22/2017:I've been really impressed with what's been put together so far. The developer's description of the game as in early beta is fairly accurate. The game is plenty playable, with a lot of core elements already in place, although the content can be burned through fairly quickly. At the current state, once you've built all the essential structures and crafted a space ship, you're pretty much done. That said, it's still plenty fun to roam around, and currently I'm busy getting a colony on the second planet built.There are a lot of improvements that could be made. For example, the game world is pretty small, and it's not procedurally generated, so there's not really a lot to explore. Also, it's a little too easy to craft everything and become self-sufficient. It would be a bit more engaging to have limited access to crafting, using the skill tree to gradually climb the tech tree.It also feels like surviving should be more of a struggle. In particular, oxygen is a bit too much of a free resource. Suits only lose it when they're ruptured, and inflatable domes and airlocks provide unlimited supply. Food and water are similar. Once you have a bio-dome, berries provide unlimited food, and water reclaimers provide unlimited water. I feel like both should need at least an occasional resupply of oxygen and hydrogen.The skill tree system also needs work. I get the sense the current system is sort of a proof of concept, but still, the system for gaining skill points is awkward and sometimes tedious. The proficiencies system also doesn't seem to have any real function beyond being a way to get skill points, making it a bit redundant.That said, this is all just constructive criticism. The game is looking really great so far, and I'm looking forward to future developments."
,Recommended,402710,29409731,Posted: 21 January,all,BIGGIIE CHEESE,"Excellent early access work in progress! This game keeps taking steps in the right direction, which always has me excited for updates."
76561198002295050,Recommended,402710,29457005,Posted: 23 January,all,Colonic Inc,"Really enjoying this game. Looks great, plays really well. The tutorial process could use a little refining though. Keep up the good work"
,Recommended,402710,29444841,Posted: 23 January,all,timg528,"I'm ~4 hours into this game and it leaves a great first impression.Pros:- Multiplayer works well so far (I've only done private universe with a friend)- It looks good and I expect the graphics to continue to improve- The missions are a brief and unobtrusive tutorial- Content: so far, there's a good bit- No hype train for the 5 years it's been in development - These guys correctly went with the ""Walk softly and carry a big joystick"" approach, and the game speaks for itself.- Highly immersiveCons:- Menu options can be a bit cludgy - it took my friend and I about 10 minutes to figure out how to invite each other to our private universes.- Interface isn't scaleable (yet?). I'm playing on a 50"" 4K screen, which without a scaleable interface, items in my inventory are too large- Limited graphics settings, but the basics are there and I expect this to change as development continues- No linked inventories, which makes it a pain to drag the right resources from one piece of crafting furniture to another.Let's get the comparisons out of the way. Osiris: New Dawn is somewhat of a cross between Space Engineers and No Man's Sky. Osiris isn't the crafter/builder's paradise that Space Engineers is, it's got a good start. It also isn't the space safari that NMS is, but it's got flora, fauna, and much more promise."
76561198049799205,Recommended,402710,29445306,Posted: 23 January,all,xDevastator,"good game with a high ammount of potential.pls fix: -change the screens, my game is always on my 2nd screen-higher the ammount of habitats for better base buildings, right now the base sucks with only one habitat."
,Recommended,402710,29580833,Posted: 29 January,all,Gato!,"Pretty Grindy considering aluminum isn't an abundant resource, but is used to make pretty much everything in the game...But fun and terrifying all at once."
76561197975874187,Recommended,402710,29616251,Posted: 31 January,all,Daiyousei9,"TL;DR: Subnautica but on an alien world/in space.Graphics:  10/10This game is seriously beautiful.  I play in 4k resolution with everything at max and one of the most powerful rigs available and I struggle to get 60 fps as the assets used are incredibly detailed.  I was running around looking at terrain and it amazed me that I couldn't make out any texture lines, blur, low quality assets, etc.  The view distance is incredible.  I haven't noticed any LOD at all which makes me happy since that also means there isn't any pop in like most games.Sound:  7/10There are some issues with monster sound coming from all directions regardless of where the monster is at.  The music is fantastic as are ambient noises.  The finished product will likely be great.Gameplay: 8/10The game is surprisingly polished considering the stage of development it's at.  I have yet to encounter any bugs.  I haven't had to look anything up online while playing either.  They do a good job of making things intuitive.  There are often times where I'll spot something over 1000m in the distance and go ""Oh what's over there!"" and take off.Final Verdict: 8/10This game is worth the purchase price.  You will get around 20 hours out of it right now or more and future content will only add to that.  The EA version will probably also save you some money."
76561197969664888,Recommended,402710,29614060,Posted: 31 January,all,général Bush,Really nice game ! Enjoyed playing it with a friend in lan-coop. Hope the developpers 'll add contents because it's a litte cheap right now. After 8 hours in lan we've done everyhing. We'll see in a few months.
76561198027886853,Recommended,402710,29612393,Posted: 31 January,all,Korrigan,"It is getting better for sure and devs are responsive, but currently and few patches ago. Well. It can be some frustrating gameplay for sure. Jetpack is crap, guns are crap, aliens are constant irritating existance.Placement of the improvements like buildings need to be in flat space because no terraforming.Aliens in the night come through your buildings and tents and what now, but when you go back to main menu you are saved and game starts from the daytime.Any way good potential but currently and before quire irritating for me at least."
76561198337380193,Recommended,402710,29599953,Posted: 30 January,all,korn8912,good game got about 10 hours out of it. its a bit of a grind and i was real happy when i built a ship and a mech. but there isnt much to do as of now.its  still a good game and i enjoyed fighting and going exploring. i would wait to buy until they add more content tho. as of now i would say 6/10 until they add more i would still recommend this game as is now just dont expect a really deep space sim. its not that type of game.
,Recommended,402710,29309442,Posted: 16 January,all,WagyuTacos,"Lots of potential here but currently needs plenty of help.Monster spawning is aboslutely ridiculous - even on the lowest setting you will have monsters spawn directly on you every 2-3 minutes. They just suddenly appear and without warning your suit is breached and most of your health gone. It makes gathering resources a huge pain in the♥♥♥♥♥Inventory management is painful.Structure degradation is kind of stupid in it's current form. Expect to spend a loooooooooong time holding E to repair 8 thousand stupid panels on every item you've built.On the plus side:Graphics are great looking.It's super cool being able to play with friends.Weather and atmosphere are amazing! Meteors crashing down it the middle of the night in quite an experience.All in all, don't buy if you expect a coherient well put together game. Lots of bugs and tons of polish to go... but it could be something really cool eventually; right now it's really just a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥"
76561197973482510,Recommended,402710,29306834,Posted: 16 January,all,Sogo98,"Good game so far.  The world is beautifully rendered, the weather and atmospheric effects are outstanding.  Crafting mechanics have been steadily improved a ton since last fall.It can be difficult and frustating at times, but that is the nature of a survival game."
76561198337383662,Recommended,402710,29285192,Posted: 15 January,all,ST0RMFATHER,"I would recommend this. It's a fun game, but it needs some major improvements. I started off in what was a reaaly good location. A large, flat area, perfect for building a base, and all the resources I needed relatively close by. Aliens would come and attack every now and then, and they'd be the weaker ones which you could use your chisel on to kill. I stopped playing for a while, then came back to find all my progress had been erased (maybe due to an update, don't know) but I just went with it.I started in a completely different area (again, maybe due to the update?) which looked much nicer, and had some of the essential resources really close by. I set up my base, and began exploring a bit, later to find out that the aliens were much harder to fight. Not necissarily a bad thing until you lose your guns, and realise the crabs are much stronger, and have a 95% chance of killing you, and on flat terrain, they run faster then you! I died, then respawned to find about 4 or 5 aliens inside my base. I only had my chisel to fight them, so stayed in the dome, hitting them as they went past. It took too long to kill them, and my dead body vanished.Not the end of the world, I could still remake them, which is what I eventually managed to do for the pistol. I'm currently working on trying to find the last resources to buld a rifle. because the aliens are so tough, I've found it hard to get the motivation to play. If i had the ability to pause the game, it'll make life much easier. at the moment, I have to either quit to the menu, or find a tall rock to stand on whilst out exploring, because aliens will find me, and kill me in seconds.I estimate in about an additional 5-10hrs of gameplay (currently on 9.3), I might be able to find the blueprints and resources required to start building base defences, but it's going to be a depressing grind until I get there."
,Recommended,402710,29296612,Posted: 16 January,all,ejaksetic,"I am a casual game player.  I have tried about 2 dozen early access games out of curiosity.   Some are disappointments,  some are so-so, and only a few have the look and feel of becoming successful.  I rate Osiris: New Dawn as a very good Early Access game.   It shows promise, and the developers seem committed to making improvements.  Despite a few glitches, I do not regret trying Osiris.  I hope the developers continue their good work and build on their very good start.  I recommend Osiris to anyone interested in early access games of this type (survival & exploration in space)."
,Recommended,402710,29295170,Posted: 16 January,all,Otters | Florence,Seems great so far after a few hours played. Am now looking forward to new content.
,Recommended,402710,29287236,Posted: 15 January,all,warcrow2,For the past 2 days I have lost over 20 full hydrogen and the barrels it was in.
76561197969043154,Recommended,402710,29312001,Posted: 16 January,all,shalodus,Good game! The mechanics of the game show great promise and the graphics are amazing! At the moment there isn't a whole lot to do after building a base and your vehicles but I'm sure that there will be soon! This game shows a lot of promise and I look forward to each update!
,Recommended,402710,29511654,Posted: 26 January,all,Linuxwiz,"Ok, first of all this game is still in beta, however it is really nice!  Yes there is some bugs when you trying to place a structure and connect them together might require multiple try, also you cannot put 2 or more habitats but this is something the studio still working on.  This is an excellent game, in singleplayer mode I will say you have enough content right now for around 10+ hours, but after that it will become sort of a routine and get boring.  I still highly recommend this game because despite this game is still in beta, it is still a lot better than No man's sky!  Give time to the studios to fix all the bugs and add contents and this will become one of my favorite game for sure :-)"
76561198074947454,Recommended,402710,29511727,Posted: 26 January,all,DittoInfinity,Is really fun with friends. Finding each other is a pain but your robot helper is amazing!
,Recommended,402710,29532321,Posted: 27 January,all,Microwavekonijn,"Great game, but gets boring after a while, but remember it is still being developed. They need to add a more complicated system regarding upgrades, stuff you can build, etc. Also missions and events(other then the aliens trying to murder you) would be nice. Still really awesome and can't wait what the future holds!"
76561198019964231,Recommended,402710,29528459,Posted: 27 January,all,Potato Bread,Pretty Good Game has great potential.
76561198155825302,Recommended,402710,29530024,Posted: 27 January,all,Clumsy Viking,"AWESOME!!! Runs great on max settings really well optimized. Tons of fun if your into like survival type games, or even space themed games. Its like ark survival mixed with the movie ""Martian"", their is even a nod to the movie in the game."
,Recommended,402710,30020806,Posted: 18 February,all,Jordan ◕‿◕,One of the best survival games out there
76561198027362828,Recommended,402710,30037236,Posted: 19 February,all,kaelah,"Very solid early access / early development game.  Amazing graphics and what has been implemented so far works well.  This is still very early in development, so the game is lacking in depth.  However, I am very eager to see where this game goes.  If the developer continue on the path that they have started, this will be an amazing game that could give the AAA titles a run for their money.Should you buy it now or wait?  That depends on if you are willing to help developers flesh out new features and root out and report glitches and bugs.  You know...the whole point of early access."
76561198192977547,Recommended,402710,29765898,Posted: 7 February,all,Gempster,Best gamei ever played 10/10recomended 100%#NOTPAYED
,Recommended,402710,29703880,Posted: 4 February,all,Daggypants,"amazing gamecould use more work like the creatures not going through my buildings alot. I think more structures would make the game more fun. I also wish the habitats would connect so you could make an extremely large base. Meteors could be a little more rare, making it harder to get those rescources. This game has an amazing base from the potential it has. im quite excited to see what it becomes.~worms are stealthy XD"
,Recommended,402710,29755035,Posted: 6 February,all,Blacksmithkazuma,"Imagine being on a alient planet, it's storming, dark, can see maybe 30 feet in front of you with  your light. You come walking over a ridge and down into a crater, you have your AR ready and you are looking around as you walk slowly down the slope. You hear a rumbling in the distance, your eyes darting around trying to find the source, you do a complete 360 view and when you come back around. Even in the dim light you can see the a monsterous shadow form against the sheets of rain and dust that fills the horizon. It grows bigger and bigger, towering a couple of hundred feet into the air above you. It's siz is massive, as your gaze follows it up, you realize it is heading towards you, then suddenly it appears to open it's maw, you can see a giant tongue thrasing in the air, it's jaw wide open as it starts to bare down on you. You stand frozen, the size of it's massive jaws could cover an entire football field, end to end. You realize you have to run and start doing so, with everything you have. gasping for air, the Life support systems in your space suite barely keeping up, you are draining your oxygen quicker then it can replenish. Then you realize you are screaming, in your helmet. You make a quick dash to the ridge of the crater, scrambling up, using every ounce of strength you have, using your pack boosters to try to climbe faster, using more of your oxygen. The giant creature suddenly slams into the ground, burrowing deep in the martian soil, missing you by inches. You reach the top and fall over the ridge, rolling down the other side of the crater, you lay there for a few moments as you finally stop. Staring up at the light peering through the clouds. The Red Dwarf that calls this system home makes you feel safe for the moment. Your wife is looking at you as she sits next to you, with this very very confused and amused look on her face. You ask What?, Still breathing heavy and griping you mouse tightly still. She looks at you, shakes her head and calls you a idiot and laughs.This is the moment I just had in this game... 10/10"
76561198357438819,Recommended,402710,29752197,Posted: 6 February,all,regenerate.respawn,I wish you could make new and cool suites. But it's really great game love it
76561198212541287,Recommended,402710,29733603,Posted: 5 February,all,dannybb554,I got a hoverbike. I fought scary spider things and went into space. 10/10 IGN.
,Recommended,402710,29723691,Posted: 5 February,all,Ň¡GĦŦΜΔŘ€,"This is the game I have been looking for... I have gamed since PONG, ATARI, ORIG MARIO BROTHERS... and this is what I was looking for. Ive been payed to alpha test games, beta test, etc. This game is everything I wanted in a SCI FI world. Its Early Access... its not perfect. Its a rare find. In space world... combat needs work... default settings should not be on my lvl, and you should be able to leave a colony... other than that.. make it a 100 player universe... you have a potential gem... SRYSLY"
76561197971973009,Recommended,402710,29746172,Posted: 6 February,all,Slept King,love the game. needs updates faster but keep it up.
,Recommended,402710,29651871,Posted: 2 February,all,BluntmasterFlash,"Okay so, after almost an entire day of my life spent on this game, I believe I can share a few thoughts. First of them is, when it comes to this new 'genre' of early access survival games, Osiris has its own charm. It already has a knack for transmitting you exactly what the H.P. Lovecraft's quote they choose to illustrate is about: fear of the unknown.I just played with a friend, on our private server, to get used to the game. We got our base raided by aliens. We got killed in the first night. We even played nomads for a bit, until we found a good spot to chill (chill = farm loads of base metals and build a habitat). At one point, we build a spaceship and I went to explore a new moon, leaving my galactic brother behind.The Icy moon will freeze your nuts the minute you step out the ship. I swear I had to grab a sweater when I started playing there. The thing is, you gotta live close to the lava, but not close to the point you'll melt your suit. It gets fekkin lonely, but you find so much metal you start feeling rich, so it kinda fulfills you in a mannerjust like in real life I guess.You'll get to know the amazing cow-giraffes, what a beauty of alien life!There are two planets so far (I know they're actually moons, but since you get to live - or try to - on them, let's just call them planets), and more are expected soon enough. Until now, the variety and quantity of materials you get on each planet is interesting, offering some quite good combinations.So, generally speaking, expect a minor rollback now and then, you might lose a ship (fully loaded ;-;) in these server issues but, eh, you read the wordsearly access, right? So don't be mad, or be mad, just don't start hatin' on at the first disconnect. From what I've heard, the guys behind this one are putting some good effort into developing it. As long as they don't start charging for new contentLIKE ARK DID, I think this game has a great chance of doing things right for the survival genre, bringing the best of the space theme. Oh, I almost forgot, You can also explore the space, and farm metals on meteorites. I am looking forward to see what's coming up next, and I think you should too."
76561198041404771,Recommended,402710,29680254,Posted: 3 February,all,Thepieintheface,Pretty Great
76561198061286346,Recommended,402710,29680846,Posted: 3 February,all,ianw1562,"Fun game, haven't come across too many bugs. Good mix of minecraft and no man's sky. However, I think that if you play solo, you get about 15-20 hours tops before it starts to get dull. If you play with friends the game lasts much longer."
76561198137760167,Recommended,402710,29626270,Posted: 1 February,all,RPGnosh,"First and foremost, THIS IS EARLY ACCESS. I see some complaints about this game because of bugs and other issues that are very typical in EARLY ACCESS games. That being said, this game is already really good. Highly recommended. And with every update, it just keeps getting better. I cannot wait to see this game when it is done. The gameplay is rather straight forward and easy to understand. The graphics are beautiful. To me, this is a lot like ARK in space (except there's no taming...yet). There isn't a legit storyline yet, but that should come later. Throw in a few more aliens, taming, and a decent story and you got yourself a game of the year here in my opinion. ALSO, beware of the giant worm. You've been warned. Here is a video of my first playthrough belowhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kDNYDFidYWU"
,Recommended,402710,29683138,Posted: 3 February,all,tockcool,Good game and horrible sci-fi feeling.
,Recommended,402710,29862586,Posted: 11 February,all,Paper Boi,I have never written a serious review on steam but I feel like I should.This game is probably one of the best survival early access game I’ve played.15 hours and counting and I am only on second day playing this both single player and multiplayer with a friend.This game gives me a vibe of Ark survival mixed with Interstellar but optimized!I don’t mind but the grind for minerals but it might be tedious for some players. I personally find it quite rewarding once you have crafted a hoverbike or a spaceship. Trailer and screenshot actually matches with the game's visual and content!The game ran buttery smooth with a 1070 locked at 60 FPS wih no hiccups.Pros:-Gorgeous visuals-Update with new content and bug fixes every month according to the patch notes-Lots of vehicles and base expansion options-SPACE TRAVEL WITH A SPACESHIP-Decent enemy AI-Deadly giant wormCons:-Multiplayer is a bit glitchy and need to add extra seats for vehicles.-Rough learning curve if you play without any guides.-Dead multiplayer servers as the game isn’t popular or gotten a lot of exposure.-Minor bugs but nothing serious and can be easily fixed.The price may look a bit steep for early access but the game is getting a lot of content updates along with QOL changes and bug fixes every month compared to the other early access games.I definitely recommend this game if you are looking for a space/horror/FPS/survival game as it has exceeded my expectation for an early access game!
76561198105652542,Recommended,402710,29886307,Posted: 12 February,all,Greyman,Add more. Game is absolutely amazing.
76561198190801962,Recommended,402710,29886806,Posted: 12 February,all,Hvid Drage,Absolutely a stunning game to play. Not overly demanding in the food / water survival aspect. And the different settings really allow for a lot of customization of difficulty. I may have to dumb it down a little for myself lol. Creatures really know how to smack me around.
,Recommended,402710,29683161,Posted: 3 February,all,S I N Y O R◥◤F L U F F Y,"Osiris: New Dawn is a game were you create your avatar (the player) and then you start of scavenging for supplies to start making a full-on base rather than the starting base. (a blow up base) However, you do start off with some weapons from the crash site so that you can protect your self from the indigenous. (the aliens who want to kill you.) You can also create vehicles to travel around the planet or to outer space and explore space and other planets! (some planets are unavailable at this time due to, they are not done yet)35/10 Get dis iron, get dis copper, make dis part of da base....  GIANT SPIDER!!! TURRETS ENGAGE!!"
76561198189659385,Recommended,402710,29723793,Posted: 5 February,all,You Might Of,This game is really fun and has so much potential. Theres a lot of bugs to fix but when the game is finally released it will be amazing. This game is really a work of art. If the makers read this i love the caves they are so beautyful.
76561198087519384,Recommended,402710,30009098,Posted: 18 February,all,LiLei,"there is some oops happened, and I can not down again!!!!!!!!!"
76561198060118956,Recommended,402710,29772126,Posted: 7 February,all,Kskogsta,"The beginnings of a fantastic game. I have spent twenty odd hours in it and has found and made most of the available items and visited both planets (Moons)The game looks great af. and i highly recomend getting it, Great value for what it is! you get so immersed, espessialy the times you find yourself lost at night, when all you can see exept pich darkness, is the light from your flaslight, which is slowly loosing battery, you are out of food, a couple of kilometers from your base, out of ammo and then you hear a noice and start franticly looking for what threat is close and all you can see in the narrow lightstream is a piece of a crableg and dust, you will from that moment be able to relate to future astronauts and say with conviction that you know how it feels to be on the pinnacle of exporation where life and death is just a wrong decision apart.. That last part might be somewhat bombastic, but you get my point. The game is very immersive and you will several times find yourself just in awe of the beautiful and peaceful scenery but you will also find yourself scared ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ in a cave with a alien four legged monkeyspider jumping at you while spraying you with poison.I got eaten twice by a HUGE earth worm in 10 minutes after starting the game, I was then left without anything but my spacesuit, a everprecent droid and some tools, but most important i had forever lost my gun and the dome, but we got by and slowly i could build a small base and evetually (after endless searching) i found all the pieces to build myself the necseserry tech so that the pesky creatures that lives here could get some resistance. And now, they are nothing more than an annoyance in the soundtrack. (you`ll understand when you have built the GAT or the mechrobot thing.)The game runs really smooth and i have not experienced a single crash (just a few).I have a fairly good computer (i7 6400, 1070 and so on) and it runs perfect on max settings.Now the few bad parts. (that has a good chance of been fixed or pached by the time you read this..)The game is early access so i have experienced a few minor and major bugs and gliches. i have been teleported far (2-3 km) out of the base a few times, stuck in walls, floors, rocks, asteroides and inside vehicles, also dont ever use the cargo section of the spaceship, as that f****r regularly glich during landing. (you jump out and the spaceship is then stuck in some sort of bulding mode so you cant reenter or use it. You`ll then either have to press to cancel build, you will then despawn the ship, get all the materials you used to build it back and also have to rebuild it in a lab. Or you have to restart the game and the ship will then teleport to the most annoying location some 1000 meters away (like inside a worm skeleton or upside down in a crater) But either ways you will loose everything inside the ship. Learned that he hard way, always the optimist!)Also build the labratory so the area in front of it is clear (whatever you build will spawn inside buildings or whatever else might be in front. you will then have to destroy your buildings to get the veichle or spaceship untangled from it. But other than some difficilties with the spaceship and some walls the game is not that glitchy.Two thumbs up!"
76561198133849248,Recommended,402710,29772432,Posted: 7 February,all,GorisDeathclaw,"I love love love this game. Purchased on day one and played all content a couple times (servers had been wiped for an update)There is a bit of grind but having such a beautifully created map to explore and discover new nodes of resources, picking the ideal place to create a base and survive against the creatures that inhabit the planet can be really really entertaining.I have bought the game 3 times now for myself and friends."
76561198008365734,Recommended,402710,29772949,Posted: 7 February,all,stuart.wilson.1974,"very scary nice graphix cross between martian/starshiptroopers. love the exploration side, more robot type/looks maybe a combat robot or pet aliens that can help in the tunnels similar to ridick. any plans for capital ships?  alien ridables.more base   constructions. landing padfor ship."
,Recommended,402710,29773057,Posted: 7 February,all,harralander in runescape,wow
76561197974844200,Recommended,402710,29797274,Posted: 9 February,all,DoomCraft,"This game is in the early stages and it's already so very playable. In it's current state you probably have about 20-30 hours of playtime unless you have more players involved and INFINITE time if played as a PVP game.The best parts of the game are that it's so immersive, difficult and very rewarding for taking risks. The bad is that the content is not all there, though what is definately makes you wonder what craziness they will add in later. There are a few bugs you may run into though the developers are working hard to fix them. You may also find that the controls are a bit goofy at times but you do get used to them.The reason I recommend this game is due to options. This is what no mans sky should have been and aside from the fact that it's not procedural or infinite, still makes this game so much more. It's so rare to find a game with such depth, this is the ARK of space.Graphics: 9/10 - Amazing effects and shaders, great atmosphere and overall graphics. I don't think I've ever actually felt like I was in a game until I played this.Combat: 7/10 - I'm pretty strict on combat and while it's fairly a straight forward shooter, different ships/vehicles give you a lot of options when exploring. I LOVE how difficult the AI is and the fact they strafe you, run around and try to dodge your bullets. It's so lifelike.Sound: 8/10 - The clunking of mining is satisfying, the shooting of monsters is satisfying, the atmospheric music is satisfying. The only thing they could do to make it better is to clean up some of the audio that breaks up (Probably just a bug)Overall: 9/10 - Definately one of the best games I've played in awhile. It's like a combination of Ark Survival and Astroneer. The only thing needed now is content and maybe a few extra ""things to do"" in the world. If you want a PVE space game, you may want to wait on content but if you want a great experience with updates in the future... check it out."
,Recommended,402710,29794905,Posted: 8 February,all,Darkwave💕,"I have tried so many Early Access survival games and hated almost all of them, often not because of the games themselves but because their developers either do not know what they are doing or simply do not care. When I stumbled upon this little game calledOsiris: New DawnI was initially very hesitant to drop £20 up front but the science fiction nerd in me just wouldn't shut up.To start with this game is beautiful and the screenshots don't even entirely do it justice. Sometimes I'll find myself being distracted by the scenery and the condensation running down the inside of my helmet, sometimes I'll find myself literally squinting at my screen during a dust storm. It's exceptionally immersive and it can be difficult not to waste time seeing what strange things are over the next ridge.In terms of gameplay all of the elements are there, in terms of functionality this game shows more from half a year of Early Access than most titles do in two or even three or more years. The alien wildlife is terrifying, the environment is hostile, the building system is functional and working fine, the crafting system is reasonably deep and straightforward.Technically speaking I encounter the occasional crash when loading into a universe but typically the game is very stable. The interface is very well designed and scales very well to high resolutions. I do wish the game ran a little better, especially on multiplayer servers, but when I compare how it looks to other Early Access titles that look and run like crap I am a little more forgiving. Hopefully the developers will continue to expand the graphics options so that we can tweak performance to suit our individual systems.I am expecting great things as the developers continue to add more to the game. Having read their vision for adding new worlds and expanding the range of alien life forms in the game I can't wait to see what comes next, now I just need to convince some friends to try it out."
76561198080594024,Recommended,402710,29790987,Posted: 8 February,all,coffeechrist4,"Love this game so far, i just hope there will be more content once i build everything (;The downside is the screenshake each time you mine.... i have to close my eyes in order to keep playing"
76561198271548074,Recommended,402710,29580671,Posted: 29 January,all,alixthezombiehunter,Such a beautiful game. Has lots of promising features and gameplay mechanics that might be fine toned later in development considering the game is still in Alfa and because so is buggy as hell
,Recommended,402710,28722388,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Icarus,AWESOME
76561198352854766,Recommended,402710,28682192,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,porec88,"the game is good but there are still a lot of bugs to fix like:1.the rain inside habitat.2.change of sounds when  step outside the building (habitat,dome etc)3.when u are going with spaceship 2 the other planet,and when u are returning back 2 the protheus 2  u cant land with the spaceship,so i tried 2 jump from the spaceship,and it didnt accept F.then i tried force shut the game ,reentered game ,was spawaned in my base,but my spaceship was abaut 700m away from my base,i was going 2 check if the spaceship was there,and when i got there i found nothing....(prob was in the ground...)4.monsters dmg me inside the building.5.when u are in space and u look the planet,instead of  yes or no u should make it just go fast travel.but the good  side of the game is u cant wait 2 explore,there are lot of thinks 2 do for survive,that is what it makes so special.for the future update i expect:1.they fix the bugs2.adding new monsters on protheus 23.adding new buildings(a lot of buildings)4.adding more planet,res etc....5.adding the story and quests."
76561198067403249,Recommended,402710,28682207,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Swiggity Mcgee,"So here is the deal. Its an Early Access game... If you can look past the early access you will enjoy this game. I have read a ton of reviews and most complain about it not being finished and that it takes forever to build 1 building.. well im 10 hours in i have a habitat, biodome, barracks, and a laboratory. and im almost finished building my spaceship. so i dunno what people are saying its impossible to farm anything.One thing i love about the game this far is when i build 1 building i tell myself "" I will get off after building this item or structure"" Well then it ends up i build 1 more structure a few more items a gun a rover and then im like oh hey look another 1 1/2 has gone by.Is it the best survival game i have ever played... no its not. Would i say buy it for 20 bucks i dont think the price is equal to how far the game is. But that is also up to you.I wish multiplayer had a few more people on and a little more robust but other than that this game has some serious potential. So to that keep up the work devs.If you are interested in buying the game watch a few youtube videos and dont let the negative reviews scare you away. Most barely have any game time in the game and some that i have read are complaining about not being finished... Its EA it is what it is and they want to make the game good i can tell."
,Recommended,402710,29227132,Posted: 13 January,all,Khaos,"Great graphics, good sound design, very immersive and fantastic sense of scale in such a vast world. The creatures are very well made aswell, netiher overpowered or underpowered, and their animations are great.Still in early access, so a few bugs and glithces is tobe  expected. Not too well optimized as of right now, im running around 30 FPS with GTX 1070, but hopefully that will change.A bit lacking content wise, but im guessing more will be added as the game ripens.Can't wait for the future of this game, it's got so much potential."
76561198054331254,Recommended,402710,29206574,Posted: 12 January,all,Alien Pizza,"This game holds great promise to be one of the best space survival games you could ever play. The graphics are stunning and the gameplay, crafting, combat is strait forward. It is also being updated continually so I cannot wait until the future updates. It really makes your imagination explode! I highly reccomend people to buy this game. It's worth it! :)"
76561198035154800,Recommended,402710,29196610,Posted: 11 January,all,SurvivorBR,O jogo é muito bom ... porem deixa a desejar no modo PVP... n tem como proteger as bases... que podem ser destruidas por um simples martelo q todo player tem... as torres de defesa criadas pelos desenvolvedores mal dao dmg nos players... sendo assim mto facil a base ser invadida e desrtuida facilmente... aguardando por mais atualizacoes para melhoria do PVP!
76561198135156848,Recommended,402710,29243221,Posted: 14 January,all,Dany,"Intro: I played the game for quite some time now and my overall experience was positive.This is a game that can offer a survival challenge and give you the chance to evolve by learning new stuff.Also the game is about exploring and finding new things while offering some sort of feeling of danger(great effects and soundtrack).Pros:  + The game offers splendid graphics.+ The soundtrack is great.+ The main IDA of the game is also great.+ The crafting and finding materials while staying alive offers great challange.+ The scaling of the world(s) is great.+ The model designs are great(not the graphics but what they express, how ""real"" they seem).+ Tehnical support is great.Cons: Now we keep in mind that this game is in early access so I will exclude the bugs...-  The game is quite hardware demanding, since this game is based on graphics I would recommned buying if your HW specs are at least alittle higher than the min_sys_req.-  The first hours of the game tends to feal alittle hard and not that fun, but then it gets way better.-  The game doesnt have a story(storyline, movies etc. -though in the future it might have).-+  The game is pretty dumb at telling you how to survive(find, craft, what structures you neeed etc.)-but then again they have guidelines and the internet is full of videos on how to get [materials].Overall: In my oppinion the game is worth buying as the quality/price raport is great;only those of you who like space and survival games should buy this."
76561198260343286,Recommended,402710,28696571,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Strider,Needs a mouse sensitivity.  Actually want to play a game with a sensitivity that we can mine and attack aliens that lurk behind us and I get all the resources I need to build the heat pistol and now I can't seem to build it :\ any help on how to fix this?
,Recommended,402710,29214352,Posted: 12 January,all,WonderPandaINC,"only one hour in and this game is already awesome. you are always on the edge of your seat wondering when the next alien will attack. you want to stay close to your dome thinking you will be safe until night time hits. exploring is fun and the game looks and plays so well at 4k. aliens do seem to glitch into or under your placed items or objects. for an alpha survival, and base build game i would recomend this game."
76561198078784179,Recommended,402710,29215070,Posted: 12 January,all,Juicy Juice,"This game is definitely worth the buy. BE WARNED THIS IS EARLY ACCESS AND DOES HAVE BUGS! At times the game can glitch out but it usually ends up fixing itself, but if not a quick restart of the game fixes it and nothing is lost. I've put about 15 hours into the game and have done basically all you can do in the game so far. Without giving too much away, there is space exploration and the planet(s) are really big, so there's a lot of exploring. The controls for spaceships are a little weird but its fun using. There isn't a whole lot to do once you've built everything and explored most of the planet(s). That's also because it's early access and they still need and will add more things such as structures and more planets etc. All in all, it's a game like Rust where they keep improving so being a part of that is really fun and if you decide to purchse the game you won't be disappointed. Playing this game with your friends is also a blast!"
76561198162292729,Recommended,402710,29218830,Posted: 12 January,all,SandyStarslayer,"I like it for sure, Buggy but its still an Alpha per say.For More major bugs here's a quick list I have madeWhen Joining a multiplayer world do not use a special character as it will not let you join.mine was ""Pok'Arol"" and the ' was a big no-no.If you get no sound- Try using a headset if that still doesn't work, plug the headset in the front port of your PC"
76561198031249651,Recommended,402710,29219017,Posted: 12 January,all,Gentleman Lake,"It has huge potential, the first night is wicked scary, and gathering resources while a chore is also fun.There is not much in the way of exploring, the same things over and over..Pros- Fun fighting, gathering and exploring, really fun building mechs.Cons- Cannot create new server or delete old one. Cannot make a new avatar and join any existing colonies, abandoned ones, not much in the way of variety of anything.I hope this changes.Still, I do recommend this game for what it is, its still getting updated unlike other survival games like The lingering dead and Dayz. (screw you both)"
76561198312067172,Recommended,402710,30069543,Posted: 20 February,all,jonsnow,This game is amazing
76561197971461679,Recommended,402710,30070118,Posted: 20 February,all,Grub,"cool game i like it, but i think you are making it a bit to hard to get started, i actually started a game lost my inflatable pod and my life befor i had a chance to make anything...hmmm ;)just saying, you need to give players a chance to get something built befor ya kill em off ;)"
76561198264274477,Recommended,402710,30070197,Posted: 20 February,all,Brunjo,"Overall, I really enjoy playing this game and find myself losing hours to it.  It is a prerelease and can be buggy at times.  That’s to be expected.  There are a lot of in game elements that have yet to be added so, the game can become repetitive.  However, it shows a lot of potential and the developers are very active on updates and patches.  Play this game if you want to see a game, in its adolescence, grow."
76561198081229711,Recommended,402710,30065002,Posted: 20 February,all,Princess Star,"Great game, fun to play. Just like you are in the martian"
76561198315906166,Recommended,402710,30065258,Posted: 20 February,all,Consuela,"This game has an awesome concept, it looks beutiful and plays nice.  But as of right now its just not worth $20 in the future when they hadd more things to do it will definitly be worth it and be lots of fun! i reccomend adding this to your wishlist and waiting a while for more content but soon it will be an amazing game!"
76561198072530127,Recommended,402710,29276991,Posted: 15 January,all,The Fobbit,"One of my favorite games on Steam. Sure, there are a few bugs, but that's to be expected when the game is in its current state. But the devs have been working tirelessly to improve it, and I'm happy to work with them to improve on what is already a great game."
,Recommended,402710,31325434,Posted: 23 April,all,Aethelrick,"I'm loving this game. It's a space survival sandbox which feels a lot more polished than some titles that have been around a helluva lot longer. One feature I really like is that I can setup a server for me and my friends and it is persistent online even when I am not as it's hosted on the Osiris servers. Yes the game is early access so their are some rough bits, but all in all it's got good graphics, good sound, nice immersion and suspense. I like how the environment just hands you your♥♥♥♥♥every now and again (massive mutant desert worms the size of sky scrapers anyone?).Well done devs! Keep up the good work."
76561198088271508,Recommended,402710,31351891,Posted: 24 April,all,Gwynbleidd87,"Get it now if you want to feel better about the future of space genre, and you want to rant on No Man's Sky, as this is doing so much better, and I see SO MUCH POTENTIAL"
,Recommended,402710,31516842,Posted: 2 May,all,Mr Poopy ButtHole,"I bought this awhile ago and it worked fine and ran fine but now with all these updates my game wont let me past the home screen past the ""press enter button"" and i havent been able to get in and i uninstalled the game reinstalled it restarted my pc and everything but still nothing i love it but i cant get in now and play new updates please help."
,Recommended,402710,31514790,Posted: 2 May,all,UbiJohn,"Great game! I absolutely loved my first few days in Osiris: New Dawn!! Very open world with many challanges. This reminds me alot of The Martian! I really enjoy the fact that you have to rely on yourself and your instincts, as well as play it smart, while 'mother nature' beats you to your knees! Very fun! Also, devs, it would be great if you could add something like an unlimited resource mode. You have everything at your disposal. It would be cool just to toy around and see what you could do with it! But, do note that this game is in early access. There are some missing animations and its really laggy. My computer is a beast BTW it has no issue running the game. The rendering in game is a little rusty and there are some missing animations and such (which is to be expected from an early access). I do reccomend the game! Solid 7/10! Amazing for an early access! Keep up the good work devs :)."
76561197992568835,Recommended,402710,28901435,Posted: 1 January,all,FuRRiiL,One of the best survival games I've played. Support is great. Lots of fixes and additiobal content.The crafting system and requirements can be seen as somewhat realistic. This all mixed with the great graphics and the possible multiplayer.Would recommend! 9/10If the last bugs are worked out than this game receives a 10/10 from me. Keep up the good work!EDIT: I'm really digging the latest patch. There are some issues that have to be worked out as with all major releases. But I like the rework!
,Not Recommended,402710,25833387,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Tachyon,"Game has come a long way now, much more playable and ejnoyable. Stil a very difficult game. Between the harsh weather and seemlingly never ending bugs swarming, staying alive is no easy task.Game looks pretty, but is rough, difficult to play. There is no easy setting, no story mode. The aliens are out of control. Within a few days they will be swarming at all times. Needs serious balance changes, not more content."
76561198036979390,Recommended,402710,31113182,Posted: 13 April,all,Makku Mori,"needs a bit more polishing on the buildings, and polishing on the combat system but otherwise its really fun would be more fun with more people. definately not a single player game but can be fun all around no matter what. obvious that its a WIP. i mean.. i lost a planet..update 1.111map now needs smoothing out after update, miss the big dustbowl that it was, too much vegitation for a planet that established itself as a desert planet. nothing changed in the combat or structural system. wish they'd focus on making the map more balanced and placing resources then the aesthetics of the planet. also just fixing basic bugs would be great. still love the game, just seems like they took five steps backwards. the new playable class however is actually useful for team based play and is well suited for its description."
76561198132100434,Not Recommended,402710,30381470,Posted: 7 March,all,THEguy,"I love this game! The graphics are beyond amazing, with a good PC, and the content is getting better. I have faith that this game will restore the emptiness you have in your soul. The idea is working for me but I need more content! The lack of content is what makes many move on to something else. But if the Devs keep doing great work, holy fat cows, we shall see something great in the near future.May 5th...The game is way different than before and I can't see myself putting anymore time into this game. The fun factor is no longer there. The new stuff added is...blah... You can have all settings maxed out and still have a hard time finding items.  The look of this game is so blurry that the quality looks cheap with max out video settings. I wanted more from this game and I did... just not the stuff I was looking for."
,Recommended,402710,29093203,Posted: 7 January,all,Magnificent Haunting,"just remembered to delete the old review and make a new oneIf subnautica is underwater alien survival, then this game is aboveground alien survival.I havent met any hackers but this game is still good"
,Recommended,402710,31726001,Posted: 13 May,all,Undersom,"After update 0.116 my droid is missing, it dont appear in menu ""droids"" too"
76561198137047538,Recommended,402710,31889611,Posted: 21 May,all,rynagator,"This game is an excellent game however there are a few bugs, i am now unable to get in everytime it says for me to hit enter doesnt work cant click nothing if anyone knows how to reslove this please let me know"
76561198130839707,Recommended,402710,31983320,Posted: 26 May,all,Deveus,"Please, please, please, full controller support(Xbox One/360). And...... more. More planets, weapons, aliens, resources, structures. Theres soooo much potential. Please, just give it to me. Amazing game!"
,Recommended,402710,28809850,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,anent,It's pretty good
76561198156913618,Not Recommended,402710,26483695,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Kontroller,"Even in it's current state, it is enjoyable, but the difficulty level is way too high. Your weapons are very weak, and collecting resources at the beginning is a real pain, walking across the planet to find resources. The enemies are a bit too hard. The game is really scary at night, and all in all it looks to be a very, very promising game. However in its current state, I simply cannot recommend it until I can walk outside of my dome without being R♦ped by 50 adult crab monsters that take 500 shots to kill. Enjoyable on sale however."
76561198137430111,Not Recommended,402710,28109241,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Zord,"At Launch, this game was very promising and had potential. 8 months later, still same potential, but not promising at all. No way. I was a great believer in the chances these guys had. And followed development very closely. The developers of this game are basically AAA environment artists that don't work anymore for their AAA companies and decided to play indie devs and see what's all the hype about. And it shows. They're really good at convincing distributors and pax people and customers that they know what they're doing. But they don't...At all. CEO even admitted he never played survival games. So you have a little team of people that plays indie devs all day. Not communicating to the steam community in a standard matter. You will not have any roadmaps, any notes on what they're working on...You have a CM that basically keeps repeating, ''hang on to your seats guys, it's going to be great''. And the rest of the communication is scattered on different medias where nothing is organized or reliable in a sustainable matter to actually convince you that w/e you voice on forums matters. Forums are mostly hearsay and feedback is about nothing concrete devs are working on. And the forums are filled with niche fanbois with no critical thinking that will get you banned if you express your concerns about the direction of the game. It's like a ''The Forest'' sold to you as ''Ark''. The game itself is a neverending placeholder of what a good game should be. Devs have weird sense of priorities and treat this EA as a closed alpha. Bi-weekly updates that are always broken to the point it's unplayble. No care for minimal playability..Using photon networks that these guys don't seem to have any proper guy in there to know how to make it work...It's a big mess. After 5 months they realized they had to switch engine version. Destroying practically all the work they did before...After 8 months, it's still a broken mess, with constant map modifications, unbalanced ressources, 0 PvP mechanics. You can't loot ennemy crates, can't defend yourself. Can't kick people out of your colonies. No anticheat measures. A code wide open to any dumb guy that can edit a .txt file to cheat...IN MP...And you can basically level the whole thing with a chisel with no other purpose than to grief...It's a neverending placeholder fest, tech demo...They don't even seem to know what is the difference between single player and multiplayer. They never edit their description to reflect the reality of how the progress is slow and that it is obviously going to take 5 years to finish this the way it's going. You can still read that they expect to fully release this in q3 2017. No way. This is your usual sleeper game that will take 5 years to be fun for a few hours at release. Where devs try to please everyone. Making a mediocre game. DO NOT BUY! THESE GUYS ARE REALLY GOOD AT MAKING YOU THINK THEY KNOW HOW TO MAKE A GAME. IT'S A SCAM! This game is slowly dying with empty servers and will be unavoidably shelved if you buy. I cannot recommend this to anyone, being involved in development of this thing has just been a big let down with devs that treat their community like dumb children that don't know better."
76561198040858658,Recommended,402710,25810631,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Battlezoneman,"Edit: As of June 2017, they are making progressing in fixing the ton of bugs that appeared when they changed the main map (though I still prefer the old map). Developers seem to have realized that they made a big mistake with the map change and are working on it. But like most projects like this, it takes time. I would give it a yes to buy again now that things are getting fixed. But not a must buy at the moment.Older review:Edit: Sadly, as of May 2017, I have to give the game a NO recommendation. Due to the complete overhaul of the map (for reasons that are unknown to anyone but the developers, and who haven't said why), as well as problems with resources I can't recommend the game anymore. It use to be pretty fun. While you didn't have much to do after you finished building your base(s), all the vehicles, and flying to other planets, it was still fun. Now it is very frustrating and almost to the point of unplayable.Hopefully this changes in the future.Old-Old Review:This is the game I have been waiting for.While it is still in alpha/early access, it is really fun and has huge potential. The developers don't seem to ever sleep because they always seem to be crusing the forums, reading what people are saying and adding features or fixing problems pretty much as soon as they are reported.It can be a bit difficult to start playing as there is no real explaination of the game and you are left to do a lot of trial and error to find out how to do some things. But after an hour or two you will have gotten a good handle on the game and will be cruising across the land to and from your base and resources in an awesome space rover. You can even build a space ship, fly around the area then take off and jump into orbit. While there is nothing to do in orbit at the moment, the developers have stated they have plans on building space stations and bases on other planets in the future.You can play by yourself, or with others. Building a base together with friends is a blast as you can share resources you have collected as well as vehicles and construction work.Yes, expect glitches and errors. But from the dozen or so problems I had when I started to play (the day it was released), they have fixed the vast majority of them after only 2 days. I am sure others might have problems, but that is natural as we all have different systems. They will fix them as time passes. So far they have fixed errors/problems about x1000 times faster than any of the big developers out there.Excellent game. And for those who have played for an hour and given a bad review, please realize that it is an early access game and they have a developement team of TWO people. Give it some time and it will get even better. Too many people seem quick with the negatives.If you like space, building stuff, and killing big alien spiders that want to eat you, this probably the game for you."
76561198122346578,Recommended,402710,26674184,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Gundoggu,people are only saying this game is bad because they don't understand the words EARLY ACCESS and I find it interesting either way.
,Recommended,402710,32325479,Posted: 10 June,all,Hydronical,"Before the newest patch it was hard for many players (including myself) would barely get about 30 fps. But now with the huge bug fixes and performance updates i can notice a huge increase in FPS so GOOD JOB development team <3 keep up the good work, one of the few games to actually work on bugs rather than shove out new content :D"
,Not Recommended,402710,29324099,Posted: 17 January,all,Carl,"I have to warn people not to get this game as in it's current state it's basically unplayable. There are too many bugs and no way of keeping your items and structures from being destroyed while you're away. Not sure what direction the creators are taking this game in. It's a shame because the art and music are excellent but everything else needs polish, and the game itself needs a purpose for the players."
,Not Recommended,402710,25816161,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Roscoe,needs some work.
76561198058037856,Recommended,402710,32422004,Posted: 14 June,all,NightRaven,"When you first get into the game you would immediately get the impression that this game looks beautiful and probably has alot to offer in terms of gameplay and that would be true in part.  I find that like many things it does has its pros and cons, but because it is an early access game I don't expect too much from it and I certainly don't expect it to be polished or bug free.  Some players find the game to be chellenging and frustrating and so they post negative reviews.  Please don't do that.  Before you post a review you should play more than 3.8 hours and know the game mechanics.  Many of these reviewers are complaining about the game wrong because they haven't learned to play the game properly.  You can survive perfectly well in the game.  The game is about exploration and discovery.  Of course, the hostile aliens are chellenging, but you can dial them down in the setting before you start the game.  I recommend casual.  The game also offers some mines that you can go into to gather resources and fight bosses.Pros -1.  Game looks beautiful2.  Gameplay is great3.  It offers crafting and building your own base4.  Survivial element that involves killing hostile aliens (crabs) on the planet.5.  You have to look after your needs to survive6.  Exploration7  Plus the VEHICLES looks AWESOME!!  Halo style vehicles and spaceshipCon :-1.  The Azael planet is barren and not enjoyable right now2.  The map is always changing and getting revamped3.  It may feel ♥♥♥♥♥♥ since gameplay elements are not so well polished or balanced4.  The voice over seems over the top5.  The interface needs a little bit more work"
76561198095676209,Recommended,402710,25868938,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,mwhite2300,"After playing this for some time, and after agro quitting when it was very first released to early access I have some new thoughts about the game.First when it was first released it was beyond early access, it was basically just an incredibly buggy demo. I had played several early access titles, but this one was like serious pre development stages. And it enraged me that I dropped coin on it.Fast forward, I reinstalled it and gave a couple more shots after seeing progress, like Sand worms not being able to hit the space ship like a heat seaking missle while you entering orbit. And crashing left, right, and center.They have made big progress in textures and collision. The game actually has a couple of story fragments, and despite the recent uproar over cave man mode(something I personally despise) the game has gotten to a point of semi entertainment that can have brief elements of immersion to it.Here are my thougts about what they should do with the game going forward.1. End Caveman mode, not entirely, just mostly. Maybe leave it as a penalty and a way to resurect your character if you lose your crap in the early game. In other words I am cool with the crash land, but I am not cool with rock bashing to start out, i expect a survival kit, complete with a temp shelter. It does not have to be the inflatable dome, but some kind of tent structure, or the ability to use the downed ship as a partial shelter.2. Mob spawns everytime you mine...I think they are aware of this and attempting to get rid of this aspect.3. Daily visit by mobs. I have said this on the forums as well, that mob spawns every day is ridiculous and feels contrived. I understand the occasional wandering monster(which should be random) but the daily on time lunch pail carrying mob is a joke, and annoying at best.4. I would like to see this game take on a martian chronicles aspect(A great sci fi mini series from the early 80's), maybe some higher life form aliens to deal with both as adversaries and maybe much later as allies or bater opprotunities. To me this reflects the attitude any group of beings would have toward initial invaders....now mix this with the current xenos and maybe you have a dual invasion story line, one human, one xenomorph and the sentients hate us both?5. Get the grind down to a minimum and make the game much more about exploration, adventure, and crafting and way way way less rock banging...this means you have to crank up your level design big time, your easter egg placement, and your story development....6. Have a serious endgame or future game strategy, the space station is a great idea, as are multiple worlds where we could do it all over again so to speak, a great piece of story would be landing on a hostile world where primitive aliens shoot down our craft and we have to start from scratch7. Get really creative, like add a parachute to the game, repel cord, make it so we can drop down from a ramp on the spaceship, maybe we could drive the hovercraft or 4x4 off of it onto a new world or other location.8. let us build on top of big rock formations, cloud bases, etc...take this junk to new heights late game.9. give us extended craftable rocket packs...In a game where flight is no joke, let us be captain tomorrow!10. diversify your xenos, and dont make them all cooperate, I want to see the thunderdome match between the crabs species, have a food chain, I want to see sand worms inhale other junk crawling on its crater, it had to eat somthing before us. Use parasites as the name intends, maybe they leach our power supplys, slowly eat the hulls of our bases, maybe their shell makes  a cool shield??Just thoughts, keep working on this,as always kill bugs, dont show us crap we cant use, and end cave man mode...Good luck."
,Recommended,402710,29463677,Posted: 24 January,all,đéo mẹ,"Please just ignore those negative comments, the game is awesome, I bought it with no regret, the onlything that is missing is a tutorial for new players"
,Not Recommended,402710,30844838,Posted: 30 March,all,ForsakenDoggo,"I used to think this game was the best thing since half life 2. But now, as more and more updates come and go, it becomes harder to enjoy osiris for what it is. For some details, they changed the skill web and research point system so you need to spend hours grinding just to unlock a single node that gives you a single item.I know that a lot of the reviews, like this one, are only criticizing the early stages of the game, but thats because we all lost motivation to go beyond the beginning of the game, so we dont know much about what changes were made to the later parts of osiris.I hope that I have helped you make a well informed decision and I wish you a good day."
76561198256965928,Not Recommended,402710,25910826,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,NotSure,"Early Access is becoming the new microtransactions.""Support our unfinished game now, and we hope to never finish it, however update it enough to stay on steam""!0/10. would rather play a finished game on NewGrounds."
,Recommended,402710,29675631,Posted: 3 February,all,Greylord_GR,Huge potential and beautiful graphics. Love the immersion (reminds me kind of Prometheus).Needs more variety as after a point becomes too monotonous.
76561198040828368,Not Recommended,402710,31068386,Posted: 10 April,all,Neozoon,"(It takes about 20 hours to have the ability to build a spaceship)NO, if you only want to play Singleplayer,NO, if you want to play Mutliplayer. Wait till the game is finished in the pre-omega. If you got no much time to live, you should either put yourself into cryogenic sleep or not buy the game.If you don't use any guides und will spend at least 20 hours for finding all resources in Singleplayer. Often you'll get ambushed by Monsters and you'll die which will frustrate you. But after a time you manage to handle these ambushed an apply new technologie, which will bring you to farther places.I haven't played No Man'y Sky but spending many hours BEFORE getting into space is very fun. At this time, there are only 2 moons avaible. I don't know when other planets/moons get implemented but this game feels good.BUT some recent updates messed up so hard that your game crashes when you try to travel to the other moon(Aziel). I would wait till this bug is fixed.On Multiplayer I recommend playing PvE because on PvP everybody can destroy your base when you're offline. You may experience FPS drops if there are many building nearby, you may even experience bugs like loosing you vehicle or gathering not much minerals from resource despoits because they disappear after only 2 hits.*Update 04-07-2017 It feels like devlepors are getting busies with the bugs. With one fixed bug several others appear. I had one frustratin Avatar-deleting bug, but now I'm happy that I got it back. You may have to wait for a few days if one horrible bug appears.Pros:+Beatiful Soundtrack+Huge Place+Complex Crafting SystemCons-Monsters can be annoying when unexperienced-several bugs in Multiplayer can be VERY(!!!) frustratingI have lost at least 2 spaceships on aziel because the game insta chrashed while loading it-Coop: you usually spawn far away and have to walk for half an hour to get to you partner"
,Not Recommended,402710,30912128,Posted: 2 April,all,RaiderzNation,"They really took this game in the wrong direction. First off I hate the talking suit and how your character talks to himself. It does not make any sense. The map was completly redone and now its impossible to find some ores. The spaceship doesnt even work it just dissapears and almost every time they update the game all progress gets deleted regardless if it is multiplayer or single player. Out of all the hours on this game I have spent half of it on one game and now all my progress is gone. Until they stop deleting saves and fix bugs that need to be fixed for the game to work right I would not get this game! Now the only thing keeping me alive, the pistol now has limited ammo. Picking up and mining items now takes forever. This game is no longer fun. 3/10"
76561198009511022,Not Recommended,402710,33319634,Posted: 6 July,all,Fishy,When the game first came out it was a great game and headed in the right direction now not so much the grind is real lost it fun for me with ever patch and update the game get worse need to hire some new developers and jump back 6 months and start from there
76561197962239665,Recommended,402710,33060971,Posted: 30 June,all,The Dude,"This game was really hard the first few times I played it.  So I watched a few videos to get a better understanding, and I grew to really like it, a lot.  It has beautiful terrain, some good concepts that are being deployed (albeit slowly), and a lot of promise.You'll read a lot of people say it's unplayable, the start is too hard, it's a bit of a grind, things have changed from then to now....Unplayable? Not sure about that, works just fine for me.The start is hard.  It was really hard as a matter of fact, because there isn't much tutorial and apparently they took away ez mode - such as unlimited pistol ammo, lack of durability, and added more depth to the game.  It's early access, and when features get added, they're never in their final state.  Testing and feedback, changes with updates.  The start is hard, it took me three or four tries to figure it out.  But it is also predictable.  It's the same everytime.  I've spawned in the same spot.  So to me, that made it almost too easy after I understood some basic gameplay that I learned from videos.Some issues that I could almost agree with are it's a grind.  Somethings are slow and tedious.  Some changes they have made have rubbed people the wrong way, but the truth of the matter is that the developers read their forums.  They listen to complaints and respond in forums that they hear us and are addressing it.It's early access, and a lot of people misconstrue that for being a product that is being built and should be tailored to only their desires.  It's a work in progress, I had a lot of fun playing through what I felt was most of it.  I find myself eagerly awaiting and checking constantly for the next patch!  Sometime I'd enjoy playing it with buddy to split the grind up, but I still had a lot of fun grinding it out solo.  I got my money's worth, and am grateful to contribute to their production through early access.Thank you Osiris team.  Now hurry up with the next patch!"
76561198055482548,Not Recommended,402710,30514811,Posted: 14 March,all,FinZero,this game its a master piece with a lot of potential for be the best survival role playing game.But the game its still too empy at this moment i hope the creators will come with more updates.
,Not Recommended,402710,30907466,Posted: 2 April,all,Skqueem,"It's pretty good I guess nothing much to do in it though, after you get everything theres nothing else to the game. The PVP is abysmal probably due to that fact that the guns control awful. Even AI battles suck, everytime you get hit your camera swists around to look at the bug hitting you and it just rips you out of the immersion. Its a great game really but at the moment it lacks content, I mean you can't even have a potato garden and the lights don't work in half the buildings. The game is buggy as all hell aswell, I've found a lot of my stuff I try to place just disappears. They should also fix the AI of the aliens because I find them confusing and hard to keep track of and its even harder when your camera is moving involuntarily to see nothing. I'm gonna say I recommend this game just because I wanna see a future for this very well designed and atmospheric title.6/10  ""That's pretty neat dude""Edite: The game is pretty much spun a whole 360 and started sprinting in the opposite direction that is was going! Read other reviews they'll tell you in greater detail, there's a lot don't worry."
,Recommended,402710,34191191,Posted: 12 August,all,Restyn Peece,some of us understand what development means and I think your doing a great job. I think the negative reactions to the game are due to past early access failures and disappointments of other games.  this video was a great idea and thanks for the update and info. I will continue to refer this game. I think its fantastic
,Not Recommended,402710,28415119,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Tyrrin,This game went from awesome to garbage in just a few updates.
76561198194216349,Recommended,402710,29377562,Posted: 20 January,all,redgehog,"Much better nowadays. It is super addcitive and fun. Hard to start off though but once you got a base it gets al litlte easier. Great game, great idea and fun."
76561198020027165,Recommended,402710,34026900,Posted: 4 August,all,Havoc SC,"Last update (Beta) is on point, building was improved both in how much you can build and how you build.no more running down hills to catch that rock. it adds automaticly now++Build a huge base if you like+and moreso yeah, still a bit small but the game play is solid and looks great with lots of good improvments."
76561198249358320,Recommended,402710,33922357,Posted: 31 July,all,fgtank,"This is my 3rd review of this game.  This game is awesome for the following reasons;1 Fantastic Concept realistically executed. A true survival game on a alien world. Similar to Ark Survival Evolved2 Rock solid controls. Some might overlook this detail but games typically are more enjoyable with good controls. This game is one of them.3 The graphics are quite good. ( I must note that some of the aliens can use more detail like the crab monster and the giant worm. This does need some work to be honest). The general game play graphics are close to AAA quality4 Fun factor gets 2 thumbs up. I couldn't say this about the game until the devs released the beta version that you have to manually enable. This fixes 95% of what killed the fun factor of this game. Please refer to their youtube video that they linked in the up coming updates.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3KaG2PtsSN8&feature=youtu.be5 The game is early access. That means more and more is to come. I seriously don't understand why gamers can't wrap their heads around this concept. Instead of bad-mouthing this game, why don't you send them an email explaining what they could do better? I've got over 130 games on steam. Many of them AAA titles and many of them early access.  I have 30 plus years of gaming and I am here to tell you this is a really good game. It's just not finished yet. So if you don't have the patience to see a game go through all it's growing pains, then don't buy. But if you like to play games like Ark and Rust and you wanna try a space adventure like that, then this game is for you!I can tell you that one of the devs reached out to me and  personally responded. These guys are really gonna make an awesome game because they are actually listening to the community to make this a fun game. That's what it's all about, making a fun game! The game should be judge based off of that. It's early access"
,Recommended,402710,33095348,Posted: 1 July,all,varr,GODLY GAME .
,Recommended,402710,31890606,Posted: 21 May,all,grog189,"Game looks cool but I spend more time having to look for way to heal myself and spending forever to kill 2 or 3 crab enemies at the same time than I do actually getting to explore or harvest things. Cannot find the gas I need to progress and end up just agroing enemies from super far away and having to spent even more time fighting them then looking for more stuff to heal with.Game looks really fun and maybe after get past all the super super tedious horrible beginning it is but as or right now having just put 4 hours in trying not to die constantly, running out of water and being unable to make more, cannot find rubber or make it, enemies move waaaay too fast I spend more time chasing them and just for them to stop and then charge and attack me without being able to easily dodge out of the way.*****edit***Heard about the beat opt in that had new changes so I thought I would give the game a try again since I felt the game was good before but just needed some tweaking and fixes. The new update is amazing! I am having so much fun now and can actually kill things and find resources properly except for diamond so far.. but I will find it!!! Highly suggest giving the game a try with the new beta opt in!"
76561198084888295,Recommended,402710,33894044,Posted: 29 July,all,marra.christopher749,"Here is the thing about this game...It promotes potential, I really like this game.. but I have to side with the reviewers on the negative side. The developers seem to have lost the plot..I don't have the same issue as other users it seems, I've never encoutered a lack in resorces etc, it's a little bit of a hike to some places; but i imagine in real time, on a desolate planet.. it would be.. so i don't mind that.. i don't find the harsh enemys to be too much of a problem either..what bothers me is... the lack of a plot or direction.. maybe i'm missing something.. but for the last hour of game play i found myself wondering why I'm even playing.. it get rather boring after an hour or so.. and a better mapping system would help wonders i feel too.. i  get lost rather often..I'm hoping future releases help my issue with this game.. i can live with Alpha Bugs.. but.. i can't live with the lack of having things to do..wake up. bash rock or tree. go to sleep.."
76561198129548353,Recommended,402710,32333462,Posted: 10 June,all,Dragonskizi,"UPDATE DATE: 8/27/2017    SOOOOO much better than its was... now its actually fun. lots of ease of living and resource distribution. the game went from broken to a fun little EA game that i was hoping for. There is still A LOT of things im hoping for and the game needs to have. there is the beginnings of a storyline, but it can be done in minutes. i think the 2nd planet should continue the story.                                                                                                                                                                PS.why is this new beta not part of the game? ive had no problems with it and it has so much cool stuff that works as far as i can tell, so why not just put it in a update?"
76561198337870226,Recommended,402710,31728304,Posted: 13 May,all,anonbc2000,"Osiris New Dawn... Don't Buy it!Osiris ND is Early Access (Alpha/Beta) so you should stay away from this and Any Early Access game.For those few players that can play Early Access games without a meltdown every 10 seconds... read on:Osiris New Dawn is a survival+crafting open world game set in 2046 when your spaceship breaks up and your emergency capsule lands you on a barren planet. But do you have what it takes to build your skills and technology from nothingness, to being able to build a spaceship?Osiris ND is open world which means it's not mission driven, it's up to you to figure out how to survive and move forward.If you like mission driven ""paint by numbers"" type games then... Don't Buy it!So what's changed since my last review? (which I've since deleted)The Devs have released ""The Architect Update"" (TAU) and it's a big update.it's still a refreshing type of game because you must keep you eye on the prize of building your skills, tech, inventory, to build a ship and explore the next planet.  We don't know what the end result will be yet since the developers are still putting all that together but that's just part of the fun of open world exploration of the unknown.Suggest anyone playing game for the first time play single player.And dial back these settings: Aliens=Casual, AlienAttack=Pathetic, AlienHealth=Fragile, StructureDegrade=None, ToolDecay=NoneNow give Osiris a try, and once you got the basics down consider creating a new avatar and either higher SP settings or joining public server, or creating your own universe with friends. Surprisingly the devs included both PvP and PvE servers for public, and can set up either in your own private universe server too. So there's something for everyone's style of game play.But what about the TAU???This update has made the starting gear and equipment both too easy and too hard at the same time.No batteries now, and too much high end gear.I would prefer to see character stats go higher then the current limits.And also that the tutorial missions should be updated. Like using space scrap to build space debris chest instead of depository.The skill tree now makes crafting certain basics as a long term goal. (ie. climate control > oxygen filtration > water reclaimer)However the crafting finally feeling more like a survival game.Good news about aliens! They finally don't attack enmasse with every hit when mining rock nodes, plus what aliens do attack are often smaller aliens.That big change to the aliens has made it much more realistic, and far better more enjoyable, playable game.I do highly recommend this game but only to mature patient players who have experiance in software development or reporting bugs in alpha build games.PS. I hate writing game reviews/walkthroughs/etc. I did too many in the 1990's through till 2003.Anyways just remember this game is not finished, and think of any Early Access game on Steam as an uncertain, often changing Alpha build which should have frequent server wipes. So I won't bother writing what bugs and problems devs had fixed since I started playing. Personally I'd prefer the devs give small patches every week for easier debugging and less waiting between updates, but what I will say is that Osiris ND has come a very long way and improving with every update."
,Recommended,402710,32579552,Posted: 19 June,all,Iskukip,"[Previous Negative review]I'd rather actually go to Mars, burn up in the atmosphere and have my scorched remains get plowed by horny aliens than play this game.This game is like a beautiful painting, nice to look at but i'd rather roll it up and snort my dead nan's ashes out of it.Horny space alien / 10.[Current]Iz gud now."
76561197973844543,Recommended,402710,34196273,Posted: 12 August,all,Contusion,"My first review gave this a thumbs down, it just wasnt fun to play.  Since the Architect Update, the game has become much more funnerer.Graphics and Sound are AAA.  There have been times where I literally jumped and said, WTF is that.For early access this game is levels above most out there.I would recoommend this game in its current state, its fun, engaging, and worth the money.  Support the team that is making thid game, as small as they are."
76561197999412590,Recommended,402710,28989117,Posted: 3 January,all,Striker,Well done.. Devs has been active updating game.  Its Moving in the right direction!!Fun to play!!
,Recommended,402710,28739834,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,EchoReaper,"Architect Update:When I initially bought Osiris, I gave it a positive rating because it was a great game. Like with all survival games though, Osiris has a cult following of diehard survivalists who enjoy difficulty and grinding. These players were very passionate, so we had a vocal minority who kept steering the direction of Osiris towards more grinding -- this reflected in Osiris's ratings, which dropped by 25% from what they once were. I swapped my rating to negative after this.I am now reversing my rating again to positive. Fenix Fire Entertainment noticed that this was problematic, and swiftly and thoroughly resolved the problem. They recognized that by pushing too far in one direction, it detracted from the experience of other groups -- moving to some awkward compromise in the middle was no option either, as it was no good to sit in mediocrity. Thus came the ability to tailor gameplay to our preferences, and even more amazing updates at the same time.The settings:Offering a setting for everything is a bandwagon anti-pattern -- games that fall victim to this offer large amounts of trivial customization that looks good on paper (large quantity of options), but have little effect. Osiris did not make this mistake, and the available options are concerning the most important features for determining user experience for certain play styles. Not only does this allow players to tailor their own experiences to what they'd prefer most, but Fenix Fire can develop individual play styles far more than had they just settled at a happy medium.The updates:Even if Osiris didn't have a grinding problem and the options weren't part of this update, it's still a great update. Building hadn't been touched very much since I purchased the game, and we were pretty limited in what we could do. I always ended up building the same structure more or less, because there wasn't much we could do with linear buildings. Being able to connect habitats and stack them vertically alone allows us to wind and twist our bases for much more customization, but Fenix Fire didn't stop there. They also added freeform building, which is amazing. Osiris has always been one of my favorite games due to base building, and it just got so much better.In addition to the base building, there were some more defenses added, more items, and general rebalances. It's amazing how Fenix Fire didn't just resolve the grind creep with this update, but went far, far beyond the status quo. Given how much I liked Osiris, I was severely put off by the grind creep and couldn't put into words how bad I felt that such a good game had gone downhill, but my trust in Fenix Fire is entirely restored, and I have newfound respect for them, as I've seen few games make this substantial of a turnaround."
76561198084647182,Recommended,402710,34494128,Posted: 25 August,all,CrimsonFalkon,"At present I would not and will not recommend this game. I spent 4 hours and 3 restarts trying different aspects and in every restart, I found myself faced with the same issues as before....your 2nd set of missions requires you to get Plutonium, a VERY rare material that if you don't get you cannot progress...period! I found a POI with crates galore...all empty. I found a mine shaft with zip in it aside from more creatures that I cannot defend against due to no weapon becasue I can't craft anything becasue I cannot find Plutonium.so 4 hours, 3 retarts and practically running all over the map I came to the conclusion that it is a sick and perverted joke to requier such a rare element so early in the game and at a point where it is crucial for survival.I died many times to creatures big and smallI died to starvationI died to dehydrationI died to fallingI ...... well I just died alot.Let's hope that as the game progresses they revamp the starting aspects of the game because as much as I love a challenge....I don't like spinning my wheels and getting no where fast.*******<UPDATE>********OK, now we are cooking with gas!! The new Arch update brings a lot of needed changes to the game and makes it more ""user friendly"" shall we say. I'd  have to say that they did a great job with this update and bringing the game some lovin'! The starting equipment layouts, changes in the crafting, and how it plays now gives me joy! Although there are still some bugs such as I went off exploring came back to my base and it was half gone :( I am changing my recommendation to a thumbs up! Yea....the update additions helped that much!Keep it up gang!!"
,Recommended,402710,25872431,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Erebus,"""The universe servers are extremely laggy, and the game is not optimized yet.""(Oct. 5, 2016)""Holy Sh*t, this game has improved 100x fold! Back in October when I purchased the game, I was a little dissapointed but kinda expecting the game to be very buggy as it was still in Alpha. However, after coming back to this game to check back, I must say the game is amazing. Yes there are still some bugs here and there and yes there isn't a crap load of content like Ark/Rust, HOWEVER!!!, it's a huge improvement from where it was originally and it goes to show the devs are listening and constantly improving. I'd guess in a couple of months (maybe a year?) this game will be fully released and when it is, it'll probably up there as one of the top open world survival games.""(Sep. 13, 2017)"
76561197970197338,Recommended,402710,33498749,Posted: 13 July,all,Chucksta,"Changed to recommended :)They have cleared the issues I had with the game, that seemed to be outstanding for ages, that's why I gave it a negative review initiallyNow though, it's a damn nice game :)I highly recommend it!"
76561198006412514,Recommended,402710,31414986,Posted: 28 April,all,Formy Zee,"Rewriting this from bad to positive.The last 2 patches really made the game worth playing, atleast for me all the wierd crap going on with terrain was fixed.Foliage does no longer shoot colors into your head making your eyes explode etc.And there's a buch of new poi's to explore, overall a fun experiance.But ofc there's some negatives still there.In multiplayer the coop adventure came to an halt quick, not letting us into the first mine in ""storyquest"",, need to be fixed asap.Grouping/colony is bugged and needs work.And the game is still to ""easy"" meaning it's not that hard to get a base running and then have nothing to do really, besides building more bases,,and that imo is no real need to, planet is pretty small. (even if you crank the settings up or down in the server)Content is needed and alot of it,,more planets to explore and a reason to actually do so. (storyline?)As is I had about 15-20 hours gameplay before feeling I've done what I came for, built all and went to space.15h isn't bad for a normal game, but for a free roaming survivalgame with no storyline to end the game,,it lacks 100h or so. (based on other survivalgames I played that all have 200h+ played and still are fun)BUT it's Early Accsess and Rome wasn't built in one day,,good things will come, I have no doubt about thisGood job Devs,,you went from Stay Away review to recommended buy.Keep up the good work"
,Recommended,402710,28913835,Posted: 1 January,all,GuyofDoom,"Since the ""architect"" update this game has improved dramatically. There is now an objective system to help new players get oriented. There are clear differences and trade offs for each of the classes. The interface has been updated and the inventory system is much better.The current challenges for this game deal with the ""sweet"" spot balancing in difficulty. Many people only play on private servers and the public servers are pretty empty. Without some additional challenge, it's easy to hit end game tech pretty quickly and not have much to do.######################Original reviewRoughly 45 mins into this game. Some basic feature requirements:1) Smart inventory stacking. This is basic inventory management. If I have 30 iron in my backpack and 20 in my storage it becomes a stack of 50, not two stacks (30 and 20, respectively). This is absolutely required for any game with inventory management.2) There is way too much weather changes without enough information being given to the player.3) Running out of oxygen should just instantly kill you. Forcing you to walk and heal uup with bandages instead of outright killing the player is basically torture. Make the Oxygen bar more noticable. It's way too easy to go from 100 oxygen to 10.4) Where are all the creatures coming from? Nothing as far as the eye can see then suddenly dozens of creatures show up.5) Having the MP servers off for over 2 days is not acceptable for a MP game, especially over a sale weekend when you are going to get new players. I don't see a reason why this game has an official MP server especially when in early access. Just leave it at friend hosting and call it a day."
76561197999819604,Not Recommended,402710,32071965,Posted: 30 May,all,DIBBLE MUNT,"Kinda hollow, seems cool on the surface but dont see why people are saying its triple A quality, so far the guns all suck against everything, everything is a bullet sponge, and the AI is so braindead i can see why they gave them a boat load of health.It might turn into something good once development is done, but for now, just nah."
,Not Recommended,402710,31518623,Posted: 2 May,all,Mister-N_P-1986,"After come back for Achitect Update. Game improve a lot from before but I still won't recommend this game as it is now.If you're hardcore fan of Space survival game. You can try it or wait until it offer more content and be more stable. For casual player or builder gamer. You'll get bad exp a lot.Because even it's in EA stage it still have many bug that affect your game from a little annoy to unplayable and you'll reach to max out everything very fast as there're not much to do in current stage.- Gun play still not good. Not worth craft a gun to use. Just build best melee then learn how to deal with each alien.- Building is improve add more custom parts is great but right now it got bug a lot and build limit is worst.- Control is improve alot from alpha. 3rd Person Camera still not feel right.- Story still lack just couple of quest.I try to build mega base everytime end in BUG. 1 building bug, 2 loading bug. Even I play in SP Creative mode. I already bore with build small base and now I can't build big base. So, No point to play if I got restrict to go all out even in SP mode.Right now what you'll get is grind rss then build everything then that's it. If you play public pvp then you may go around destroy other player base or get raid by other. *note you can't steal from enemy. So, not much point to do it.This game is develop by small team. So, it take long time to get big update. If you can't accept this then don't buy it wait until it offer more.Now I'll uninstall and wait until next big update. I hope it will fix issue I got with this update."
,Recommended,402710,25850096,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,SHADOWxWOLF,"Ive played alot of surivival games, alot of them were also early access. non of which really gained my interest to keep wanting to come back update after update. when i first played this game i couldnt stop playing it, the exploration alone was the most fun. and now there is a new planet to explore with new items as well. i defenatly would recommend this game to anyone who is looking for a fun sifi survival game with a promising space flying mode as well. the game does have some flaws though but they seem to fixed over time.Pros:-Space Flight-Base Building-Vehicles-Crafting-PVE & PVP Combat-Mechs-Multiple planets-MultiplayerCons:-No real End Goal ""yet"" after you build everything-AI enemies can be predictable and become less of a threat-Metors are kinds of Wierdly implemented-Indoor Lighting-No real oxygen management yeti do wish things were a but more difficult. it just seems a but to easy to survive and craft things. and total time it took me to get from one planet from nothing to another planet with a space ship was about a day and a half. things like that i wish would take weeks just to get there. but one can dream.There are quite a bit of pros and cons if the cons can be fixed with more features implemented this will be a rock solid game that i feel will be very well played by many. I do highly recommened it but not to everyone."
,Recommended,402710,34542426,Posted: 27 August,all,vvrockerdox,"After the last two updates, I am changing my review to thumbs up. The game is headed in the right direction. My only complaint is current statements wrt private servers.Single player mode is not as fun as small groups of friends and family playing together to buid up a world. This makes a huge diference for those that want to pay for a hosted server and invest some time as a group (i.e. the difference between 40 hours play and 500 hours play)."
,Recommended,402710,29113127,Posted: 8 January,all,SClolstar,"Updated for Architect Update________________________This update added a lot of new content and fixed quite a few bugs. The new items/structures are really handy and gives this game so much more playtime, especially paired with new story content.This game has so much potential, and it's good to see the devs are willing to make that potential reality.Good game."
,Recommended,402710,33379361,Posted: 8 July,all,PIKEBG,"The devs actually listen to the community.They changed what was a really bad idea for the game.I leave my old review so people can see where things where headed and how much they changed it because we the players didn't like it.-------I liked the game before the Devs decided to make me a triabal man and tell me to go bash rocks with rocks for hours.""BECAUSE THATS WHAT I WAN""T TO DO IN A FUTURISTIC SPACE GAME!!!!""Oh and don't bother looking at the pictures and videos of the game. All you gonna be doing is bashing rocks with rocks and runing like a little ♥♥♥♥♥ all the time. And even if you get past that.. 2 months later your place is deleted because there is a new patch!Have fun!"
76561198357373926,Recommended,402710,35266666,Posted: 28 September,all,GrimLock,AWESOME GAME
,Recommended,402710,26702807,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,GrapeInvaders,Awesome!!!You changed my review from Bad to Good. Congratz!You listened to the fans and did what the suggested which is awesome. You made the game possible to play again and added a **** ton of stuff!! Good job Fenix Fire!UPDATE: Too many loading screens now. Loading when going between two places on one planet is quite annoying. I hope that this loading stuff goes away and just have the planet fully loaded on startup.Suggestions:(1) No loading in between two locations(2) No loading when going in between planets (make it like no man's sky planet warp)(3) Smoothen OMPA movement (it is very choppy right now)
76561198172136121,Recommended,402710,35389037,Posted: 1 October,all,zj_jack,very fun exloring game and pretty hard
76561198079996589,Recommended,402710,34695321,Posted: 2 September,all,Timm099,ur a stoopid dumb-azz if you don't like this game! Woo! Yeah!  F U!  This game rocks!
76561198026115715,Recommended,402710,25893869,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,nickname,"it's a good game it can get boring I have not played it that much , there now my cringe review is gone"
76561198006651998,Recommended,402710,35303111,Posted: 29 September,all,DargonSwift,This game has progressed nicely over the last year.  Hoping they keep it going.
76561198144411358,Recommended,402710,28544146,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Danimations,"Game is good, Computer was just potatoRip 3 yr old laptop you will never be remembered"
76561198283432308,Not Recommended,402710,26416475,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,HALOxZealot,"Straight to the point ... OSIRIS New Dawn uses assets taken from other games and music assets from TV shows and movies, they give in to customer complaining instead of staying focused on their original image and all in all, it's one of those EA games i'll check out again when I see the game in-store.  I believe their actions have already proven they're a very risky investment and a large chance the end-product will be radically different then what was originally portrayed."
76561197980405052,Recommended,402710,35498726,Posted: 5 October,all,a9256bd9,"Immersive, thrilling space survival and builder game. The environment alone is fantastic. The crafting is entertaining enough to keep you fixed on your PC for hours on end. Plenty of future potential, but so far this is a winning early release game."
