user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198028880390,Recommended,402880,32369484,Posted: 12 June,all,APeacefulWarrior,"Rarely have I seen a game that's harder to review, because while it's not a *good* game by any stretch of the imagination, it is EXACTLY what it intends to be in all ways.  I mean, it's a loving tribute to cheesy 80s barbarian novels and Z-grade Italian swords-and-sandals skin flicks that aspires to look like a Boris Vallejo painting in motion.  It would be a betrayal of the source material if it didn't play like a mediocre Amiga platformer.  Which it does.Basically, watch the trailer.  If you grew up on bad low fantasy and\or your inner twelve-year-old is shouting ""that...  looks ...  AAAAMMAAAZZZINGG!!!!"" it's probably worth the purchase.  If not, stay far far away."
76561198060381196,Not Recommended,402880,23371826,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,knightgainax,"This game looked pretty cool, and it is, but ♥♥♥♥ me, does it need work. It needs a lot of work.The controls need severe tightening up - especially when it comes to executing the special moves, which seem to come out sometimes and sometimes they don't. Also, your character moving just a smidge faster would be helpful, since some of the enemies can move faster too.Secondly, the game is bugged to hell and back. It needs a lot of fixes. It seems to have issues regarding the edge of the screen. Enemies tend to back away all the time like cowards, so you'll often push them to a screen transition - but wacky things can happen there. The worst is when your rescued maidens end up carried to the edge of the screen - especially in areas where you aren't allowed to go back yourself... for some stupid reason. They can be picked up by spanwing bad guys and you can't reach them to save them.Then there was a weird issue I had repeatedly in the first stage, where taking the upper path would lead me to a dead end, but the game wouldn't let me go back to the rest of the stage. What the hell, man? I had to quit to the menu and enter the stage again. I tried it multiple times thinking maybe I just missed something or perhaps it was a glitch - but no. So, that needs to be sorted out too. I choose to believe that was an oversight rather than ♥♥♥♥e design.Oh, and what the hell do the blue gem things do? They don't have an item description and using them doesn't seem to do anything. Also, the shop needs to be translated in english. That would be handy, maybe we could see what they do there.Also, why did the kick move have to be fwd+low attack? The low attack has easily the longest range, and it doesn't miss smaller or ducking opponents, so it'll be your go-to attack, but with enemies that back away all the time, you'll be chasing them a lot trying to hit them, and the kick will constantly come out, sometimes even when you let go of fwd to press the low attack button.The priorties of the buttons also seem to be all over the place. Many a time I've had my character stop mid-combo to throw a switch or open a chest or something. Make the interaction a different button, for the love of god!And this is my primary beef with the gameplay. The minotaur boss fight is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. He's not hard, he's just annoying. He has a kind of inexplicable repelling force-field that constantly pushes your character away from him so your attacks fall just short. This is bad design. And it's annoying enough on its own, but if you push the ♥♥♥♥er too far to the right - which you will do, because he keeps pushing you away - he'll disappear off the edge of screen and you can't finish the fight. Fix that too.And this is a minor quibble, but it would be nice to see it sorted out - the game is a little rough around the edges, sometimes loading screens show windows borders and mouse cursors and stuff... not technically bugs, but still, it does make the product seem amateurish.And here's a tip: when you pick up gold, it seems like the game is pretty generous - but when you go to the shop after finishing a stage, you might be wondering why you have so little gold when you could have sworn you were picking up roughly 100 gold a pop --- well, it's because the amount displayed when you pick up some gold doesn't represent how much you picked up, it shows how much you have in total.When those issues are sorted out, I'll have no problem recommending this game, because it's a very cool concept and quite different to other platformers out there. The subject matter also suits me right down to the ground, so I really want to see the game polished.EDIT: A patch claiming to address some of the issues I've mentioned has been released. I'll give it a go as soon as I have some time and update my review if necessary."
,Recommended,402880,23770476,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Vlaphor,"Age of Barbarian is a game I've wanted to like for a long time, and thanks to the extended cut version and the speedy patching from the developers, I'm now fully able to enjoy it and I wish to tell you why, as well as invite you to try it out yourself.The original Age of Barbarian game from several years ago was a neat concept, but it was also virtually unplayable due to a myriad of issues and I never got too far in it.  If that is the game you are thinking this is, know that this version is much, much better.  Control is tightened up and performing attacks, dodges. and blocks all feel much easier now (especially with some patches the dev has released).   The platforming works well this time, though I did still have a couple of instances where I would fall through platforms when I tried to grab onto them.  Still, the few that I mentioned to the devs were fixed quickly and the couple I didn't mention resulted in less than a minutes loss, so nothing too bad.  The world map is now manageable and easy to figure out, instead of a jumbled mess that was difficult to navigate.  Basically, every inch of Age of Barbarian has been polished up to make this not just a viable game to beat, but a fun one to play.So, the question now is, what does the game play like.  Well, people say that it plays a lot like the classic Barbarian games on European PC's, but being an American who grew up playing consoles, I have yet to try those games (other than brief dalliances with Amiga emulation).  My frame of reference would something more akin to a 2d side scrolling Souls game (Demon Souls, Dark Souls, Bloodbourne, that type).  Perhaps not 100% that way, but the traversal still rewards careful negotiation (especially later on when insta-kill traps make their appearance), the combat is based on timing and watching animations and minding your stamina meter, and running up to an enemy while wildly mashing will usually get you nowhere (though once you get powerful enough, you kinda can get away with that for most enemies).  The basic gameplay flow is that you go to an area that is usually mildly maze-like, killing enemies in your path, traversing the occasional environmental hazard, and looking for secrets or the exit.  The first three levels have hidden maidens that need rescuing, and they are in secret places that are out of the way and lead to different and more difficult boss battles.  Find the maidens, defeat the bosses, go to the next level - that is the basic gameplay loop for the early parts of the game, and it works quite well, especially when the game has a fair amount of playability in two selectable characters.The two selectable characters are Sheyna (the female warrior) and Rahaan (the guy).  The levels are the same, but their starting stats are slightly different and they have different stories, though with the same basic goals of rescue maidens and kill bad guy.  You can choose who you'll start with...but let's be honest, you'll be starting with Sheyna (as you should), and this is a good idea since the devs have put the most attention into her campaign (as they should).  I'll be perfectly frank here...if blood and gore and full-frontal nudity and sex aren't something you want in a game, then this game may not be for you.  There is a option to blur out the nudity (enabled by default, be sure to change that in the options), but nudity is just one of the many over the top aspects of this game.  People getting their heads chopped open and their brains falling out, dongs getting sliced off, implied (but not shown) tentacle sex, naked women tied up and carried off, traps that kill you in graphic ways; basically, there's a reason you won't be seeing this game on console, and I actually wouldn't be surprised if the devs had to release an external patch for the game to add some of the content the fans (including me) have been asking for that they seem happy to add on (but that Steam might not allow).I also want to give a shout-out to the dev team for their quick turn around in patching bugs and other issues.  The reason I didn't do this review earlier was that I kept having issues beating the game, due to a somewhat buggy state the game launched in.  This being said however, the devs were putting out new patches everyday for awhile and were clearly watching the forums to see what issues were most pertinent at the time.  To post in a forum about a bug you've found and then to have that specific bug fixed within 48 hours is a positive that shows the devs care about their players, and I wish more devs followed this example (though I understand that most games are a fair amount larger than this one, I still don't see Crion Soft doing something like in Arkham Origins where they publicly stopped fixing bugs so they could sell you DLC).  While this game launched moderately buggy, I'll still have no problem buying their next game day one (whether it's Age of Barbarian Arena or AOB 2), because I feel confident that any problems that do pop up will squashed quickly.To wrap things up, while some aspects of this game may be a bit clunky, it's impressive just how far it has come from its original release years ago, and how it has become a game that isn't just an neat attempt by a small dev studio (the credits list less than ten names, and it looks like one person did the bulk of the work) or as a showcase for graphic content, but a genuinely fun game that I can wholeheartedly recommend.  If you want a slower-paced action game, or were a fan of games like Prince of Persia, Out Of This World (Another World), or From Software's Souls games, then this game should be right up your alley.  Keep in mind the content if that is something you'll be worrying about and you should have a great time."
76561198007381707,Recommended,402880,24891295,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Voxrox,"Purchased and played first time with Patch 1.6.5So - I never wrote a Steam-review so far, and also never bought a game from the Indie-section - so double-premier for me ^^But this game - it really surprised me. Yep, it is not a Triple-A-Game, it was only made by one (!) developer. But, in contrast to a lot of the Greenlight-games flooding Steam this game is one of the rare examples where you can really see: The dev has some passion for this. And has put actual WORK into it! And he knows about the subject of ""80""-sword and sorcery.The game takes so many influences from artwork like Frank Frazetta, Boris Vallejo etc, names and concepts of the villain, his minions, his witch are taken almost directly from Ralph Bakshi's underrated ""Fire and Ice"" - check it out! But it also never feels lazyly taking these things, but more like paying hommage to it, and it was quite fun to me to find these little hommages and it made me grin quite a bit.Also of course Conan the Barbarian. Scantily clad maidens about to be sacrificed and rescued from hideous monsters? Got that here! Bloody gore, executions and - yep, plenty of nudity? Also check!Gameplay, which is of course most important? I was expecting it to be just ""running left to right, spam one attack"". But the levels are surprisingly not that linear. To find everything (and I haven't found all secret still), you have to really explore the levels. Also the fights are fun - you get more combos to use as you level up, and different combos lead to different dismemberments - and killing the apemen bloodily is half the fun!There are also some surprises towards the end game (do you like dinosaurs? wanna fly? ^^), and teh enemies later, well, you really need to know how to use certain combos by then - always remember rule one when dealing with undead!The bosses were okay as well, sometimes you need to recklessly attack them, others need more pattience, and some of the later bosses almost made me rage like I was playing Dark Souls. Still I could beat the game, on lowest difficulty so far.The graphics are, well, good for this price-tag. They really bring across the vibe and feel of sword 'n sorcerey-artworks, check some of them out and compare them to the game. Especially Sheyna, the Warrior-Princess is often posing so much like she was taken directly from one of these artworks.Also - the music. The music is FANTASTIC! Really. One of my favorite soundtracks of movies is Basil Poledours' for the first Conan-Movie - and this game does it perfectly as well. It's epic, heroic, pumping, really carrying the action. And the voice-over of the main-narrator is also cheesy fun and ober-the-top, making you smile...The other voices however...especially the females - I suppose those are from some speech-program or the worst voice-actresses in history ^^ There are only a few cutscenes with Sheyna speaking but...its a bit cringy, but I endure it! ^^I almost ran into no bugs at all. One crash after 8 hours of play or so. Also one area in the jungle where I always fell through the stairs, but nothing else really, at least for me.And however - I WILL be honest here: Yep, the main thing that made me buy was of course Sheyna. How many hames do we get nowadays with a heroine dressed like this, in these politically correct times? Flimsy loincloth, nipple-protectors and bare feet, but wielding a large sword? I would LOVE to have a game the scope of Skyrim with these themes, but alas...So - yep, I recommend it to everyone who loves this genre of sword and sorcery, without Elves and Dwarves, but half-nude girls, strong barbarians, monsters, dinosaurs, blood and gore. It is a nice game to play when you are looking for some release, or don't want to play something ""big"". Tune in, slay some monsters, watch Sheyna bath under a waterfall in all her glory, worse ways to spend time ^^ And if you also have a little bit of a foot-fetish *coughs* ....I initially wanted to wait for a sale for this, but I am glad I didn't now. The dev really deserves my money for this, and I hope he will some day get AoB 2 out. And the spin-off ""Arena"" is already on my list to watch, will probably buy that one as well!"
76561198119825915,Recommended,402880,23441588,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Bongfu420,"TL/DR review:An un-polished gem.  Bring a loin cloth.Indepth review:Plays like:Golden Axe + Rastan + Barbarian + Prince of Persia classicThe good:- Great art style! Like a living Frazetta/Harryhausen hybrid.- Combat is gory and satasfiying. Enemies get carved up and so do you.- Lots of BoobsThe Bad:- Many game breaking bugs.- Controls don't appear to be properly mappable, a gamepad is a must.- Combat is clunky at times, many enemies love to stun lock you. Enemies can be pushed off screen at times too.- Annoying bug where the narrator keeps repeating himself nonstop about how fun it is to dismember.- Poor translations and very little explanation in some areas.The Verdict:""An unpolished gem""If you can overlook the many flaws in this game, you will have many fun hours of cleaving through dungeons and saving damsils in distress from horrible monsters. The developers seem to actually be addressing these issues and steadily patching it, So this game may yet shine."
76561198005952960,Recommended,402880,30664695,Posted: 22 March,all,Zeeke,"Right, so I was expecting nothing out of this game besides probably a B movie-ish feel, I got my money's worth out of it.Pros:-Tongue in cheek Humour-Gore a gallor-Good job for a VERY small crew-Combat system works-Quite a bit of secrets to findCons:-Some bosses are a real PAIN-Sometimes repetitive-Rare occasions paths are hard to findMisc:-This isn't a game for the graphics-Damn that Basilisk!-You can chop a guys junk off and watch him scream horribly! :D-Has that B movie feel-Terrible voice acting that's so terrible that I couldn't stop laughingConclusion:I wouldn't recommend this game to everyone. I'd recommend it to those people who are fans of B movies, Conan and 80s vibe in general, because that is what this game is pretty much about.  This game won't win any beauty or voice acting awards that's for sure, by the way, you can feel the power of their voice acting when you play the game! If you agree with this review then you should go take it for a spin."
,Recommended,402880,31695943,Posted: 11 May,all,_67alecto_OZ_,"Decent throwback to the originals from the 80s.  Expect to get about 3 hours of gameplay to beat the game, though there are a lot of secrets to be found that often require you to play maps multiple times to take different paths.  If you're trying for 100% completion, you're probably looking at closer to 10-15 hours.  I gave up on the final boss battle (more on that below).  I recommend this for the hack 'n slash arcade play.Back in the day on my friend's Amiga, we played the hell out of both Psygnosis' Barbarian as well as as the ""other"" one: Barbarian: the Ultimate Warrior (we knew it as Death Sword).  Age of Barbarian is the offspring of these two - it blends the side scrolling/platforming (and even the menu system) of Barbarian with the joystick sword attacks and defenses from Death Sword.  If you're old enough to remember these games, you'll get flashbacks when you see the spike traps as well as the spinning jumping decapitation attack - all that's missing is the evil laugh when you execute it.This game, like the originals it is emulating, is light on story and heavy on action.  The controls aren't very forgiving, so expect to die a lot because the timing of your button mashing isn't perfect.  There are rampant bugs, though the developer is pretty active and has been releasing updates periodically so there's some progress being made.  For example, there's a known bug where your character's level and equipment get reset when you reach the final area - there's a workaround posted in the discussion area, but it's crazy that this workaround was posted back in November and it still isn't fixed by now (May).Story is told through cut scenes that are basically still shots with printed dialogue.  There isn't much in the way of voice acting - a few lines here and there, a few grunts and such for hits and jumps, and couple of instances of a boss speaking.  What voice acting there isn't that good.  You can play as either a male or a female barbarian, but who are you kidding, of course you're going to choose the female in the barely-there thong and nipple shields.  You have the option to turn off nudity, of which there are several instances of both female and male.  With each character, you're progressing through the land on a crash course with the Big Bad...in this case Necron, the aptly named Necromancer.Along the way, you'll level up which increases your HP, Power, and Defense.  However, one key factor is that the game's enemies level up as well.  So while you can reach as high as level 30, there really isn't a point to grinding once you reach level 8 since there you've unlocked all the attacks.  You can find/buy a few different types of consumables, and if you can save up enough, there are two other weapons you can buy though they are by no means necessary for success.Besides attacks, you can also run, jump, and roll.  Just like in Death Sword, you're basically invulnerable when rolling and towards the end you'll go against enemies that are spamming it.  The maps have multiple pathing options, and there isn't any sort of in-game map to help you keep track of where you've been.  Many of them are one-way, so if you miss a secret or an optional boss, you have to play through the map from the start to get it.  If you're focused on just beating the game with out any grinding or indepth exploring, you'll finish the game in the 50-60% range and be around level 13 or 14.Saving is done via checkpoints, plus the game saves your progress when you finish a map.  You generally have 1 or 2 lives, though you can also find some extras and have as many as 4.  If you have an extra life, you'll restart at the last checkpoint.  If you don't have any extra lives, you restart at the entrance to the area.Boss battles are irritating for one simple reason: they require that you throw out all of the skills and abilities you have developed and basically become QTEs.  Against regular enemies, you're parrying, countering, unleashing combo attacks, and having a bloody, gory, and fun time dismembering them.  The boss fights, though, are pretty much reduced to ""block/dodge their special attack"" followed by 'hit them once with a basic swing since anything else will get blocked'.  And then repeat 20-30 times.Some spoilers for the final boss battle ahead:With the final boss,if you get to close, he insta-kills you.  If you stand too far away, he spams fireballs.  So you have get sort of close so that you can hit him once, and then he teleports away.  Work your way near him again, hit him once, and he teleports away.  After you do this approximately 10 times, he turns into his real form, and then you get to find a slightly different version of this where you dodge a fireball, dodge his big swinging arms, hit him once and then repeat.I gave up because it was just taking forever."
76561197985072747,Recommended,402880,23397906,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,FantasyFreak_UK,"Genre - High Fantasy 2D ScrollerAbout me - One of my favourite films is Conan the Barbarian and I enjoy the art style of Louis Royo.When I was young, these type of games were all the rage, and some of them were very good compared to other games on the market at the time.I had to get this game straight away despite being warned about all the bugs. I am very happy with the art style and combat system. My gf saw me playing it and although she enjoys much of the same stuff as me, she did comment it seemed a bit too sexist, but then again in the 80s were this game takes its inspiration, things were. As I did point out, whilst using the scantily clad woman warrior, the priestess falls at her feet too. But to be honest so would I...However, after an hour the bugs did start to frustrate. Yes there are a lot of bugs, but as your experience and items are kept if a level fails (like a boss walking off the screen never to return, or a tree not letting you chop it down, and mystery items being in your inventory) then you don't feel too bad for playing through the same levels again. There are also secrets and bit of extra exploration you can do along the way.My other criticism as made on the boards already is why there is no co-op mode (even if it was just loacal). I am happy to play it single player but think this would have added to the expereience. Even a two player duel mode tagged on would have been nice. Maybe unlocking enemies from the game as you defeat them, pokemon style.I think it is a testament to the game that even with the bugs I kept coming back for more. I am just about to load it up again after downloading the second patch. This is good as it seems like they are trying to fix it, even though a bit more testing should have happened before release."
76561198000392780,Recommended,402880,23786779,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Sapphidia,"A real guilty pleasure, and a slice of nostalgic hack-n-slash made with love - I've got to give thumbs up for this game - it does exactly what it set out to do.I was a huge fan of the Barbarian/Barbarian 2 games back in the glorious days of 8 bit computer gaming, and this game captures the atmosphere, difficulty and slightly janky controls of that style of 2d gaming fantastically well. This isnt an AAA game, but for the price it offers a lot of fun nostalgia, with a lot of surprisingly adult content. It plays and feels like Barbarian 2, but the reasonably high def graphics (which mostly seem to be sprites made from 3d Poser shots) are at least a welcome alternative to all the retro pixel art indie games out there.If you're a fan of the old classic Frazetta/Vallejo/Royo barbsploitation fantasy art, this game is like playing through a sequence of artworks. Nudity all over the place, stupidly over the top dismemberments, massively impractical armor, cheesy as hell narration (with an amazingly awesome voice) and surprisingly majestic looking background locations. Also I think I've chopped off more actual♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥than heads in my time playing, which was surprising.The game was -incredibly- buggy on release but the developer deserves massive praise for releasing what seems like a new patch every 2 days since release, and it seems the vast majority of gamebreaking bugs are all gone now - certainly in the 10+ hours of play I've encountered literally ZERO bugs on my system (though cannot speak for everyone). They also seem committed to adding extra little bits of features and content in alongside the bugfixes, like additional cutscenes or improved gore mechanics.I have no qualms recommending this to anyone that wants to relive the gaming years of old with a modern day graphical update. I'm having a lot of fun with it, it seems like it's constantly being updated, and for the price it's definitely been worth the hours I've had with it.Do note that the difficulty of a couple of sections can be very frustrating (mostly a couple of specific bosses that can oneshot you incredibly easily, which isnt great with the style of control scheme this game has) but I remember equally frustrating moments back in my youth playing Barbarian 2, so if you don't mind an hour smacking your head against a boss until you beat it by a combination of pixel perfect timing or some good RNG you'll find a lot that's rewarding here.Sometimes you just want to watch a glorious 70s B-movie instead of an overproduced Hollywood A-rank blockbusters, and this is exactly what Age of Barbarian is."
,Recommended,402880,25893317,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Pthumeru Ihyll,"Age of Barbarian is one of those games that's so cheezy and B movie-ish that it comes full circle to being awesome. Everything about the game is as simple as can be, from gameplay to plot. In fact, for those that have actually played Mortal Kombat: Sub Zero, it's very similar in playstyle. Only very slightly less broken.Definitely a game worth a playthrough if wanton violence and nudity is your thing (I know it's mine). It's no game of the year, and its story is the quality that 80's porno directors could only dream of achieving, but damn if it aint a hilarious way to spend the day playing.Protip: as soon as you launch the game, go into options and toggle the censorship. Because, you know, mosaics take a hit on your frame rate."
76561198012582974,Recommended,402880,26962241,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Zargon ϟ,"Bringing back the surreal 80s atmosphere and nullifying the weakling political correctness of this generation. This is for you, Crom."
76561197980747386,Recommended,402880,23446447,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Antagonist,"A diamond in the rough.While the initial release was buggy the development team hasn't vanished into the night and left the game to its fate like so many other developers these days. In fact the game seems to be getting patched on an almost daily basis at the time of this review! Almost reminds me of Ark's team, albit on a microscale.A  great side scrolling brawler if you're a fan of Mortal Kombat mixed with Conan."
76561197993418139,Not Recommended,402880,23560834,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Accualy is Gooby,"Could have been a great piece of camp.Age of Barbarian is one of those flawed games that has an undeniable charm to it.It's janky, clunky and you can tell a lot of shortcuts were taken in its presentation. Nevertheless, it's hard to fault it for these shortcomings, 'cause it does look like some heart went into this.That's why it's so frustrating to see what state the game is in right now, weeks after it's been released, especially keeping in mind this is supposed to be some sort of re-release/definitive version.I'd have gladly given Age of Barbarian a thumbs up, were it not for the countless game-breaking bugs one can encounter simply playing through the game as intended.For instance, it was not uncommon for me to run into bugs that halted my progression.As you make your way through the levels, you occasionally stumble into rooms where you're supposed to kill all the enemies first before you can continue. A very common trope in videogames. That's why it's so baffling that this game can't even get this mechanic consistently right. Multiple times now, I've encountered issues where the invisible barriers on each side of the room wouldn't switch off because the final enemy wasn't registered as killed. I've even seen my progression broken because I walked out of a room and my character simply failed to transition to the next screen, leaving him stranded in a dark void of nothingness.Encountering a bug like this means redoing the whole level again, which can get extremely tedious. Couple this with very finicky platforming and avoiding (sometimes hilariously cheap) traps with very stiff controls, and it becomes an excercise in sheer frustration.Yet somehow, I kept playing, determined to see through it all.After many hours of secret hunting (meanwhile keeping my fingers crossed that I didn't have to constantly redo levels because of glitches) and dying to broken bosses over and over again to eventually succeed in killing them by finding that one certain way to stunlock their asses (as that's great game design and definitely feels rewarding for the player*cough*), I finally made it to the end boss... who is literally broken because of a scripting issue. Which means I'll have to wait for a patch to even be able to complete the game.In short, I recommend you not put yourself through the same frustration as I did and just wait 'till this game is properly patched. It really pains me to vote it down, as there truly is something to enjoy here, but I can not in good faith recommend Age of Barbarian to anyone right now. Luckily the devs do seem to be actively working on new patches, so there is still a chance this will turn into a campy little gem. I'll update my review accordingly."
76561197976227590,Not Recommended,402880,23373393,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,phototime,"Bought this an hour ago... Im playing the english version but the merchant screen is not in english? Odd instructions to press buttons that do not exist? I came to one enemy in the forest who cannot be killed, none of his hit points goes down at all? Killed me over and over. The I was told to press the ""Get to run"" button? What? I tried to love the game but Im not sure if I can put up with these bugs.   It crashed to desktop a few times as well.  I may come back in the far off future if it has been patched but as of right now...  stay away."
,Recommended,402880,24969123,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,SPG,"Such a fun game, but you might end up pulling your hair out! To play, it reminds me of Barbarian II on the C64 (which is a good thing!). It's a bloody mess at the same time though (pun: intended), you should expect glitches, annoying boss fights, off-screen action, leaps of faith, nudity (not complaining) & confusing progression. But it's certainly not all bad, you should also expect fantastic sword-play mechanics, nudity, cool graphics, nudity, nice references to the swords-and-sandals genre throughout, fun things in the story, nudity, hidden items, areas and encounters, two characters and replayability value. And nudity.Really do recommend this title, especially if your a fan of the Arnie-era Conan films or the old Conan comics.PS The blood & gore on the finishing moves is spectacular and varied! Although jerky and clunky, don't underestime how fun the combat & combat mechanics are. For me, the combat, the scenario and the replay value are the best things about the game."
76561198078484019,Recommended,402880,24644146,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,MAXIMUM LoSeR,Ahh a return to old school action platforming combined with violence and sexy skimpy ladies. Hard to find these days. This is true equality here as you got a skimpy barbarian dude for the others. In all seriousness though this game is really fun though it needs work in perfecting the controls hopefully future updates will fix that. Much like old school games this is very challenging. There will be dying and yelling at the screen. Levels have branching paths that need figuring out. No this game is not like Golden Axe as others say. That was just a simple brawler. This game is very much like Blades of Vengeance on the Genesis. Or like old school prince of persia or flashback with more combat added in. This will be hard even on easiest setting. A fun throw back easily worth the price. Though I am a sucker for games with skimpy dressed hot chicks...
,Recommended,402880,23525224,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Achos,"A modern remake of the old classic, Barbarian 2 the Dungeon of Drax, hugely influenced by masters of barbarian fantasy art Vallejo and Frezetta. AoB EX is awesome. it looks good, but most of all it's fun to play. There are plenty of cool stuff to go around. Levels are designed really well providing a challenge to find all of the secrets the game hides which are in no way obvious.Combat is varied and can be challenging. Granted some boss fights are trivial and some might be too difficult, but still you'll feel accomplishment beating them.Animations are mostly done really well however voice acting leaves much to be desired.Overall it feels exactly like all those barbarian cult movies of the 80s and 90s, but packed in a quite fun game.It has it all, muscles, babes, naked bodies, dismemberment, wizards, hacking slashing, savages, traps, blood, gore.. all the good stuff.It had a rocky start, but the devs worked each day and now it runs smooth. Definitely worth the price!It's not a AAA game, so don't expect one, but it does look great, even to todays standards."
76561198084782788,Recommended,402880,24273371,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,matryoshka01,"Age of Barbarian - Extended Cutis a shameless love-letter to the ’80s swords-and-sorcery genre of B-movies and fantasy gaming, revelling in the stylings of Frazetta and Vallejo (with a little Erol Otus for seasoning).  The player’s chosen protagonist — either Rahaan the chieftain’s son or Sheyna the former princess — carves their way through an array of fearsome and disgusting enemies, leaving lakes of blood and a trail of severed limbs and heads in their wake as they pursue the sorcerer Nekron and seek vengeance for the wrongs done to them.The graphics are not state-of-the-art, but they superbly evoke the look and feel of a savage and primal world.  Especially in their unflinching showcasing of ‘adult material’: what censorship there is in the game is purely optional, and if beholding the bare flesh of well-built men and women or the graphic consequences of losing a sword-fight might disturb you, this may not be the game for you.What dialogue there is in the game, mostly from the voice-over narrator, is gloriously over-the-top in the best traditions of the genre.  Each stage and the dangers within is introduced with gleeful melodrama, and when the barbarians confront a human ‘boss’, the over-amped exchanges are everything you’d expect from a movie in the genre.The combat is surprisingly intricate; the control-scheme gives the player character only high or low blade-strikes, a parry, a stop-kick, a jump, and evasive rolls to either side, and yet as a character levels-up, the player can string them together into a truly dizzying array of combinations and unique results.  (I’ve played a Sheyna campaign to level 28, and I’mstilldiscovering new attack-routines!)  Every death-blow has its own animation — limbs and heads can be severed, entrails and brains can be spilled, and Sheyna can even geld many of her opponents — and it’s deeply satisfying to pass back through an area and walk past the dismembered corpses of felled enemies.  There are instant-kill traps that require attention to the surroundings, platforms and jumpable gaps that have to be navigated carefully (because of spiked- or bottomless pits which can insta-kill a character with a single mis-step), nearly-naked maidens to be rescued from sacrificial altars and Horrible Fates, and gruesome boss-monsters which must be struck down with blade, skill, and courage.Now, my five-year-old laptop sometimes misreads or mis-times commands from the keys, so those who have modern systems (and perhaps Playstation-style controllers) might have an easier time of it.  The early release was rather buggy, but Crian Soft has set records for patching reported problems — often less than a day between report and fix! — and the game now runs almost flawlessly.If you have fond memories of “the Dungeon of Drax” or the 1982Conan the Barbarian, or long for the time when all a hero(ine) needed to get things done was a skimpy outfit and a sword (rather than a cape and superpowers), this is the game for you."
,Recommended,402880,32943037,Posted: 28 June,all,Wolf619,"This game is awesome! I fell in love with the 80's cheesy conan the barbarian type action in the video but i wasn't sure if the game was worth buying or not. But I say get it, while it's on sale! The graphics are very crisp and the videos look like conan paintings and feels amazing to play. This is probably my favorite conan type game so far, ever! I'm a huge conan fan though!The controls are sort of like blackthorne or the orignal prince of persia (2d), if you are expecting the next killer instinct game in regards to fighting then DON'T because it has it's own old school feel to it. The fighting reminds me very much of the old Barbarian game (the pit fighting one, the old school pc game) but it has action elements too, everything feels pretty good if you are used to those old types of games. The controls are great of my xbox 360 controller, feels good, feels like old arcade game.The way they did the lives system is very unusual, basically if you die in a level and get a game over you can continue but you only get one life. If you quit you can try and rest for a night to get your lives back but sometimes that can go badly too. I dont want to give away too much or spoil anything but basically you have what seems to be infinite continues but with the condition you only get one life after resurrecting (right when you respawn).There are fatalities, bloody deaths, both for enemies and the player. extremely visceral gory barbarian type deaths you'd expect in such a genre, reminds me of almost mortal kombat type deaths sometimes. Very cool and they blend in with the game so it just adds to the whole thing.The scenery in the levels is amazing, the planet has 2 moons and you can see them in the sky, dragons fly by in the background, torches give off light, I really enjoy looking at this game.Anyway if this all sounds like fun then give it a go its worth it for 10 bucks, plus there is an light rpg leveling system plus items to collect and use. It's not just a stupid beat em up, sometimes you really need strategy.*thumbs up"
76561198100439658,Recommended,402880,29494745,Posted: 25 January,all,Gerald_Tiger,"It's not a masterpiece by any means, but it transport you to an era lost long ago on videogames (specially the 90's era). Taking inspiration in classics such as Conan and Dungeons & Dragons, this game takes the genre very seriously, with a lot of nudity and gore. If you like classic dungeon exploration games, you won't regret getting this.7/10"
76561198026100133,Recommended,402880,25314455,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,marco.dattilo,"Awesome game, epic setting, need more like this. Brings you back to the time when all you needed was a sword, heads to chop, and a hot chick."
76561198053232801,Recommended,402880,23369624,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Random,"I'm pretty sure this is the best game ever made.Day 1 patch to fix the dialogue was a nice bonus.The game is great to look at and the combat is surprisingly fun.  Also, the very 80s inspired cheese asthetic is just perfect.  I didn't stop smiling as I cut my bloody way across the land.For the right demographic, this is gaming gold."
76561198052487473,Recommended,402880,23890396,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Peter Will,"It's hard to recommend this game. I'd do it, mainly because I've always been a hardcore fan of R.E. Howard, Conan and all the B-series films from the 80s featuring barbarians. My favourite childhood games were Rastan Saga and Golden Axe. I even played Age of Conan for a few months, aware that it wasn't the best MMORPG but, well, it was Conan anyway. I tell you this because it's quite likely you've landed here for the same reason.As it couldn't be otherwise, Age of Barbarian is really influenced by Barbarian games, both I enjoyed back in my Spectrum times. It's an update, including a little nudity, a little goriness and a little exploration. However, regarding gameplay, controls are awfully unresponsive and the Prince of Persia-like combat is often spoiled by a character that needs umpteen frames to do what he or she should and hit boxes seldom work as expected.On the other hand, it's fun, or at least as much fun as you can get from an indie game about Barbarians. I'm sure this is a game we all play it would like to grow and improve, because it really deserves to be smoother and have a ton of extra material to be taken seriously.In the meanwhile, it's the only game about barbarians on market done as we would like. Therefore, go ahead because this is the only option available. Let's just hope it grows and improves over time."
,Recommended,402880,25045625,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Tonkinese,An amazingly great game though buggy and not without problems but the devs are good and the game is fun and not for children
76561198081912358,Recommended,402880,24159296,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Hoya Destroyer,"Do you like a Conan type universe, including lots of sexy girls and Mortal Kombat level violence? If so, theres a good chance you will like this game.I will discuss the gameplay first. The combat is somewhat unpolished and chaotic at first, but as you practice more, it becomes a little easier. You have a button for both horizontal and vertical attacks and can combine combinations of these buttons to string attacks together - though it does feel a bit ""mashy"". You can also parry incoming attacks with good timing and evade them altogether with the roll movement. This makes the combat feel deeper than you would expect and some bosses (in particular) require very good defensive timing in order to survive. Different attacks target different parts of the body. I liked in the later stage how zombies heads had to be severed to properly kill them, or skeletons skulls had to be smashed , so they would stay down. Its a nice touch. There are also many different (and graphic) ways your enemy will die, depending on how you finish them off (severed heads, severed arms and legs, bad guys being cut down the middle etc). Overall, its a pretty good system.The platforming element of the game can be rough. Sometimes its impossible to tell how close you are to a ledge because your character will sometimes fall when you think they werent close enough to the edge to do so. This can make precise platform to platform jumps difficult sometimes. Happily though (having completed most of the stages) there arent too many unforgiving jumps to be made.Finally, I will mention the universe and environment. This is what REALLY made me want this game when I saw it here on Steam. The devs have done a great job of capturing all the cool things you see in Conan comics or Frank Frazetta art. Stuff like scantily clad beautiful women - both waiting to be rescued from danger, and ready to kill hundreds of bad guys. Deserts, jungles, rocky mountains, dungeons and lava caverns all make for great environments to explore. Marauders, angry apes, undead minions and dragons also make for fun enemies to kill too.  The story isnt that fleshed out, but I didnt care too much as I was more focused on the general atmosphere. The in game art and interactions between characters was enjoyable though. I also have to say, Shayna is one of the sexiest female characters in the history of video games. She spends most of the game fighting virtually naked, but at a few times, she is literally naked! Its great.I have experienced a few bugs whilst playing. One of the bosses flickered to the point where he was almost invisible and I had the game crash once of twice - but these bugs dont happen often and I think the devs are still adding fixes and stuff anyway. For the most part, they are just an occasional, minor annoyance.Overall, I like this game very much. Its not super polished, but the sexy girls, crazy violence and fantasy setting make for some good fun. I really hope to see more from these developers in the future."
76561198002866678,Recommended,402880,24646267,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,wilL,"Only wished the mechanics were more polished, hitboxes are horrible...but, still love this Conan-esque look in this game and its scantily dressed women (and men)...I only recommend it for that alone, Story is kind of garbage but it has its moments..."
76561198029868886,Recommended,402880,25311863,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Summerland,"I'm really loving this game. Very much an 80's arcade action game feel with stylish grapics. What can I say? Sheyna is very hot, reminds me of the old conan magazines in skimpy thongs and tiny tops. Love it! It can be challenging but keep it on difficulty setting 1 and its fair enough, you'll probably die here and there but you'll usually catch on to how to get around the obstacle or monster. There are plenty of extra caves and paths to take that can score you extra loot, and the Crian team seems to be regulary updating this game so they care about what they make and ensuring its a well runned product. Well worth the purchase."
76561198002917203,Recommended,402880,23427037,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Vargre,"""Welcome at the Edge of the World."" Yeah...so this is a great game actually. Especially if you had an Amiga and played Barbarian on that.Cons first.-Cant map your buttons. This is a pain because you'll often find yourself wanting to use a low/mid attack and instead kick. Its my biggest complaint.-No explanation for any item. Even when your buying stuff, you have no idea what that bottle does or the rune or the rock or whatever. And gold doesnt come easy or often.-There are a few irritating glitches. Getting stuck between screens, enemies floating, etc. But the way the devs have addressed the bugs so far, I think its a safe bet they will get to all of them sooner rather than later.Pros-Graphics. I love the feel of this game. They did a fantastic job on capturing the feel of a Frazetta or Vallejo painting. The Princess is unabashadly female, she looks amazing. Skimpy armour, barefoot, beautiful. I love the fact that the dev's didnt consider the backlash they might (probably will) get over this. They made a video game that has bare breasts and beautiful women in it, and everyone who doesnt like it be damnded.-Animation is choppy, yes, but it feels like an old Amiga game, which, for my part, is exactly what I wanted. The response time between button and action is a bit off, but it works if your looking for nostalgia, which I was. Not everyone will agree, and thats fine.-Gameplay is actually really fun and satisfying once you get some levels. Slicing and dicing your opponents, lots of blood, cool death animations (heads and legs flying, cutting from crotch to gullet, that kinda thing...) and your opponents are suitably cool looking. Cannabalistic troglodytes and such.-I havent beat it yet but there seems to be a lot to explore.-The broken English...cracks me up. Adds to the charm if you ask me.If your looking for a bleeding edge game, this aint it. If your looking for an old school adventure side scroller this is totally it. Its hellishly fun, so far its pretty hard, lots to do and gorgeous to look at. At 13$ Its well worth it."
76561198065737467,Recommended,402880,27562500,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,jan.biela,"So I assume that you have watched in the past the Conan movie with Arnold Schwarzenegger or even read some of the great stories written by Robert E. Howard and now you want to experience yourself an adventure in a fantastic and savage world. Does this game deliver? Yes it does.Nowadays you mostly see parodies of Conan The Barbarian and the genre he has created and while this game doesn't treat itself too serious either it gets what Sword&Sorcery is really about. You explore steaming jungles, ancient temples and high mountains clearly inspired by Boris Valleyos art. On your journey you fight against brutal cannibals, primitive apemen, savage animals and other fantastic beasts. I'm particulary fond of the boss fights which require diffenrent tactics and are always set in interesting locations which are crafted with a lot of detail and make those encounters more memorable that way. There is also a good deal of exploration, a bit like in a Metroidvenia game, and branching paths, hidden secrets as well as optional boss fights invite to replay the levels again. Oh and did I mention that there are two playable characters who both come with there own story? (Which admittedly isnt very deep but this also isnt the focus of this game).All in all this is a quite well crafted 2D action game which definitely should be played by fans of the genre."
,Recommended,402880,34379364,Posted: 20 August,all,Dimension Five,"Brilliant in paying reverence to 80's sword and sorcery movies.  Captures the obscene fun of the genre perfectly.  The actual game side of things stumbles though.  Clumsy feeling controls make combat a bit of a chore until you adjust to them.  Bosses seem to fall into either the too easy, or the punishingly difficult.  The boss difficulty usually only coming from odd hit detection and very cheap attacks.The average gamer would probably not enjoy this title all that much, but, if you're a aficionado of 80's barbarian movies this is a great pickup.I've thoroughly enjoyed my time playing AoB, and plan to play a great deal more.  It's definitely a niche title, but will give a smile and a belly full of laughs to its proper audience.  The game is also completly and wonderfully not politically correct.  Its nice to see a entertainment product that understands the joys of blood, steel, and boobies."
76561198087697892,Recommended,402880,29621808,Posted: 31 January,all,shadycen,"This Game is awfully awesome ,or I'll say awesomely awful.this graphic is retro and I'm totally OK with that,actually it gives a B-movie effect which is great.the fighting system is quite decent which is a surprise to me.but the map desire is quite a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥I'll assume that the developers are trying to provide more elements and make this barbaric world explorable.however,the result's gone wrong from my persperctive.Th devepolers are trying to make a 3d world in 2d.but the map is just comfusiong and those lever-open gates sometimes just don't make sense. And the gaps between those cliffs,you  have no idea if there is solid groud or not.you'll have to die to find out.This is just not right."
76561198022349339,Recommended,402880,29802382,Posted: 9 February,all,spygian,"If anyone of you has played Barbarian II back in the 80's, this is how the game should be now. If you do not mind a bit of nudity and you are all for brutal appearances then this game is for you. Fatalities that compare to Mortal Kombat, a bit of platform action and bit of hack n' slash and some search quests and you have a pretty funny and entertaining game to spend your hours with."
76561198042687410,Recommended,402880,23370989,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,RobinTST,"The clearest influence on this game is the 1982 Conan the Barbarian film but you can see a lot of nuances that reference prolific fantasy artists like Boris Vallejo, Julie Bell, and Frank Frazetta as well as the cult classic movie, Heavy Metal.Playing for just 25 minutes revealed many bugs, hiccups, and a couple English translations missing but I can still recommend this if you are a fan of the classic Sword & Sorcery/Science Fiction genre. With a little time, the niggling bugs will be ironed out and it will be well worth it's asking price."
76561198194651282,Recommended,402880,24366121,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Random Heroes,"7.9/10 Beautiful side-scrolling 70-80s action/rpg style game, story-line is mega generic, just like back in the day if you watch low budgets rated-R fantasy movies and play games like Golden Axe ... just imagine a Golden Axe rated-R aiming adult players, this game is good at that, cause the adult content and the extra gore, it's really well done, for the price you cannot ask much I cannot imagine if this developer with more money can polish more this game could be super epic, cause they are missing few fantasy combat elements like throws, the super hero movie back parry block animation, able to block or parry in the floor (SPOILER ALERT>>>> this game have a boss that knock you down with a guaranteed lazer<<<<<), that boss could be more enjoyable if you able to parry the lazer in the floor, also needs the female stomp for final blows :) , some villains needs the bear-hug the protagonist :) , different finishing blows when the npc on their knees.Pros:+ Deep combat system+ Graphics+ Adult ContentCons:- Bugs- Cheesy voice acting- Limited combat moves, 10 - 13 moves with some string extensions after you parry a big swing."
76561198007984088,Recommended,402880,25583795,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,tallman6ft8,"One major problem I'm having with the game is that it's not allowing me to choose the female barbarian as a character. Every time I select her, it jumps me back to the main title screen.I'm having similar problems with trying to load/save games as the male barbarian. Every time I see a new update, I hope that these issues have been fixed, but so far they haven't, and it's preventing me from wanting to play the game.At the moment I can't really reccomand the game, as so far for me, it's unplayable.EDIT: I contacted the support page about my issues, and received speedy replies that were able to help solve the technical problems I was having. The devs are on the ball, and are eager to help solve problems.The game itself is what you would expect from some thing inspired by the likes of Robert E. Howard, and various sword and sorcery artists, and low budget fantasy films. If that's not your thing, then don't buy this game, and then complain about it being like that. If it is your thing, then sit back and enjoy :)"
,Recommended,402880,29962136,Posted: 16 February,all,Slim_Reaper,"Age of Barbarian is a hack and slash set in a fantasy land of dragons, barbarians, necromancers and flesh-eating monkeys. Deliberately retro, its goth imagery is very endearing and exploring its levels as either Rahan or Shanya is fun. However the game does have a few very obvious issues: the VA alternates between a bad narrator and a text-to-voice that is incredibly annoying, the soundtrack is servicable but average, and there's a few bugs that can be very annoying.With that said I still don't regret buying that game if you like what you see in the screenshots, chances are you will at least find some value in it. Although it may not be worth the full price."
76561198006304047,Recommended,402880,23625724,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Sanschanger,"I think this game is neat. It's basically a kind of old school ""Prince of Persia"" with a ""Golden Axe"" variety of character.I was raised in the 80s when Conan movies (and similar fare such as ""Beastmaster""), Frank Frazetta paintings, and heavy metal albums all looked like this game. The feeling is awesome.It's not perfect; it lacks a degree of polish. I wish the controls were more fluid, but playing with a gamepad is pretty good. I didn't like the keyboard options as much.It's cheesy, gory, and there's plenty of ""Conan the Barbarian"" style nudity (you can filter it out with blurry spots), but it is fun.I would love to see some extra effort into making this feel a bit more complete. I would also love to see these creators tackle a ""He-Man and the Masters of the Universe"" game in this style."
76561198026034701,Recommended,402880,24089201,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,rokalesocipo,"The game gets better every week, updates coming quite often. It is good that the devs keep improving their game. We just need more end game content in the future. The style of the game reminds me of Boris Vallejo's paintings."
,Recommended,402880,26048415,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Twitch.tv/SeeingBread,"I love the idea but this is riddled with bugs currently. The game will freeze up, sometimes won't show anything on screen. The gameplay is kinda cool.  Very Dark Souls type of difficulty.  Devs need to bug fix and get an editor in to fix grammar and spelling errors."
76561197971959665,Recommended,402880,24431668,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,StarSoldierXX,"Inspired by the fantasy side scrolling hack n slash action games of the 1980s, Age of Barbarian is a lot of fun if you can get past some occasional bugs and the slow paced controls. New bugs get fixed on a regular basis by the devs apparently and controls...oh well I like them just the way they are cause they remind me of my Commodore days!Nudity & Gore, lots of gore and exploration including some nerve wrecking blind jumps are the ingredients of Age of Barbarian. I clocked 13,5 hours on this to get all achievement and it was well worth my time and the game's asking pricE... Count me in for AGE OF BARBARIAN II !!!"
,Recommended,402880,30287238,Posted: 2 March,all,Darabka,"This is a great game in the spirit of the C64 ""Deathsword"" aka ""Barbarians"". It has everything you would want a Hack and Slash themed in a sword and sorcery world. I enjoy the combat engine, and it fits with the spirit of Conan and similar media. The balance is also good, and for a ""good challenge"" there are higher difficulty settings too.I would recommend it if you enjoyed the trailer and if you think this may be your thing. It may not be, but for many who grew up in the 80s it will."
76561198262209166,Recommended,402880,28227123,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,timmercado1975,"I recommend this game for anyone who enjoys 80's style barbarian fun.It's definitely in the same vein as the old Schwarzenegger Conan movies... Tons of blood and hot girls in bikini armor.  If you can take that sort of thing without crying in outrage and realize it's there purely for cheeky entertainment, this game is for you.The controls are pretty simple but I still encourage keyboard players to set up thier keys.  But at the end of the day, this game isn't really about deep gameplay... It's about burning a couple of free hours at a time on titilating barbaric entertainment that does not take itself seriously.One thing to remember, though... The save bug can be a real problem.  Check out the forums about it before you try this game."
76561197998968957,Recommended,402880,33398747,Posted: 9 July,all,Moon,"It's a low budget trashy game good for a quick waste of time without thinking much. It reminds me of the the old Amiga Sword of Sodan type games. Do not expect strategic fighting - you have either high or low attacks combo'ed together for more intricate attacks along with high low stances. That's it. Health & stamina consumbles and not much else. But I do really like the unashamed lack of political correctness (ie: scantily clad hero/heroine).My main gripe: This game isn't well implemented without console controller. It's not too bad with keyboard, which I find way easier than console controllers (I've never been into consoles). But navigating the menu etc is clunky and confusing with keyboard.It's a budget game worth getting on sale. It's not worth more than a tenner though."
,Recommended,402880,33399178,Posted: 9 July,all,Ghigi,This is the Barbarian III game we never had the chance to play.What a blast from the past !
76561198005631119,Not Recommended,402880,23364706,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,bara_no_soldier,"Buggy at the moment - keep watching itEDIT: game was just patched, will change/update review accordingly as I play it again. Ok, unfortunately, while my first problem was fixed, other problems that prevented progression in the game cropped up. With heavy heart, I applied for a refund.Yeah, so I saw the upcoming release the other day and topic wise it was a must buy for me. From what I could play it seemed reasonably well done, some minor graphical design issues but other than that the controls handled smoothly. Combat SEEMS to be reasonably well done (3 strikes, 1 parry, ducking, jumping, cartwheel/roll, kick and several combos) you have an endurance meter that limits the amount of attacks you can make before it needs to recover.BUT a bug prevented me from progressing beyond the intro story and others report general issues starting the game.So if you do like the general topic of the game you CAN try your luck, but id advice to rather buy only when at least the mayor bugs have been smoothed out."
76561198169146409,Recommended,402880,29378891,Posted: 20 January,all,BOHICA69®,Sweet game reminds me of arcade days
76561198038937222,Recommended,402880,25736933,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,VinceWade,"Wow what a great game! Easily one of the best side scrollers ive played since Legendary axe 2 on the Turbo Graphics 16 many years back. It hooked me instantly and is a ton of fun. However, it is a bit buggy in places and the combat and movements are stiff. I would love to see a bit more polishing in the overall animation and movements. But other than that this game is a gem and worth every penny. I would love to see more games this well thought out and executed! Great job on this game!"
76561198051384139,Recommended,402880,25412216,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,unkn0wnx,Fun game with gore and nudity.  Developer put in lots of work and constantly patching.  Howeverthis game still has lots bugs.
,Recommended,402880,26214194,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Neilzebub,"I want to enjoy this game. It's thematically awesome. However, not 1 hour into the game I hit a glitches that make certain paths impossible. Like, the ledge you're supposed to climb to get out drops you back down as soon as you climb up and you  have to restart the level to progress. Needs a lot more fixing to be playable.Edit - Hotfix applied. The game still has some wonky moments, but fixed enough to be playable. If you're not looking for anything too deep and dig axe-on-head gore, this is a great diversion."
76561197974114214,Recommended,402880,24029425,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,spectar82,"This is everything a Conan game should have been.  The story is simple yet shallow, barbarians are more about chopping stuff up, drinking and grunting over using words rather than being dramatic and questioning if beheading the last guy was the right thing to do.  Also THANK THE DEVELOPERS for not holding back on the nudity, most fantasy artwork has near nude ladies that personify beauty and power.  I have always enjoyed this kind of artwork and it is very nice to see it come to life.  My two and only complaints are that the animations (they are a bit stiff at times) and the combat system.  It is good but can use to tweaking so the action during the fights feels a more fluid and a little faster.  Right now the combat feels more 8 bit than modern.  Other than that for 13 USD this game is a gem, hopefully it takes off and the developer is able to make a sequel."
76561198055171374,Recommended,402880,23438660,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Fresh Hands,"Well, what can I say. The original version is one of my (absolutely not) guilty pleasures. Yeah, I admit it - I adore scantily clad barbarian women with swords. And before you start %&§""ing about gender equality and all that: Never in all my gaming life did I perform that many castrations on ape men, snake men, goblin men and warrior men. Honestly, I was cutting jonnies left and right while staring at that female form in all her glory - a rather strange experience to be sure.As you might imagine, this game is pretty unashamed of what it is. Also it is undeniably trash. And I not only mean 80s barbarian trash, but rather some solid gaming garbage. The number of stagebreaking bugs is rather annoying - especially since the original did not have them and there aren't that many differences between both editions.Ah well. There are so few designers who understand what this genre is about - fewer yet with the man parts to actually create a game that's true to its roots.So, buy it if you like Conan, Red Sonya and Sword'n Sorcery in general. It has everything you remember, isn't that expensive and also offers some fun and challenging swordplay.+Badass. Crom will be pleased with you.+Hot. Dejah Thoris simulator.-Craft. The Gods of Chaos are strong with this one.-New Things. Owning the original and buying this basically means supporting the devs for the next round."
,Recommended,402880,23539181,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,s_scougall,"Very very much like Barbarian II:Dungeons of Drax from the late 80s.  Seeing as I really liked that game, I can't help but like this one.  Choose a Barbarian warrior or a Warrior Princess, and hack and slash your way through several large sprawling levels.  And there are also secret ways through many of the levels, to unlock even harder boss fights and the true ending of the game.Pro:  The combat is fun with varied moves.  When you enter a screen with an enemy, things zoom in and you can't escape, and exploration gives way to a fighting-game format.  Though there are some points where there are absurd difficulty spikes and you fight against bosses that are almost impossible to defeat.  There's ways to defeat even them though, and when you do the satisfaction is immense.Pro:  The exploration is also fun, but is old school in that sometimes you just have to experiment.  Can I fall down here?  Is this wall breakable?  I know there has to be a secret area somewhere on this level, but where?Pro or con, depending on how you look at it:  Well, just look at any screenshots featuring the warrior princess.  Her outfit is so skimpy, that from some angles she appears practically naked.  But perhaps in a case of equal opportunity exploitation, the Barbarian warrior is also nearly naked.Pro or con, depending on how you look at it:  This is VERY gory, following in the tradition of the Barbarian and Barbarian 2 games that this is so inspired by.  Though graphics have improved drastically since then.Con, but getting less so all the time:  The game has been quite buggy, but the developers are issuing patches nearly every day."
,Recommended,402880,27475631,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Judge Judy,I get to play as discount Arnold? Sign me up Scotty.
76561197988323561,Recommended,402880,29209376,Posted: 12 January,all,Toejam264,"This game is really good.  It captures the spirit of movies like Conan or Red Sonja. The Story is fun, the fighting feels smooth and the graphics are good. If you like games like Golden Axe, you should get Age of Barbarian.Note: Its aimed at adults, there is gore and also nudity."
76561198036249666,Recommended,402880,28939300,Posted: 2 January,all,Vathelos,"Wonderful game with the Sword and Sorcery essence. It has some bugs but the game is playable, furthermore the devs are improving the game very often.If you like Conan, Kull, Krull and you have played games like Rastan Saga, Barbarian, Prince of Persia and other games like that do not miss it."
,Recommended,402880,33980386,Posted: 2 August,all,Sticz,Overall impression: Nudity and decapitations!Stats:Voice-acting/Sound; 6/10Story; 3/10Gameplay; 6/10Adventure; 5/10Graphics; 8/10.Objective View: Scroll-type game with various different locations. A few crashes or infinite load-screensSubjective View: For a side-scrolling game this was really fun. Great graphics and some cool cutscenes. The whole game looked like it was out of a mid 80s Heavy Metal magazine.
76561198009173518,Recommended,402880,25706989,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,Something completely different,"The game looks awesome, plays well and especially the models and light play are great. The game is horribly bugged though and some of those bugs should not appear in a released game."
,Recommended,402880,30950040,Posted: 4 April,all,Slaine75,"It is a glorious remake of Barbarian II with loads of extra things added.Sure there are some bugs. I found myself floating up in one room, but it fixed itself. And there seems to be an issue with some of the minigames, so I am skipping those for the moment. I am sure they will get fixed at some stage.I am having fun exploring the levels, looking for all the secrets, levelling my characters and chopping up monsters."
76561198003431385,Recommended,402880,23399552,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,mk_gr,"I think it's fair to assume that if you're here, reading through these reviews, then you're probably a fan of sword and sorcery, as well as the 80s styled platformers. In other words, you want to experience Arnie (or some derivative) going around killing everything in sight for (add plot item here {revenge, gem, woman, magical item}).Being a huge fan of the Barbarian and Barbarian II games by Palace Software, I was very excited about this title and looked forward to some good old fashioned decapitations, naked barbarian chicks, monsters, and muscle-bound warriors screaming ""aeearrggghh"" at every turn.This game definitely does not dissapoint on any of these elements (I mean it has dinosaurs shooting lasers from their eyes, all arguments are invalid). It has everything an old-school S&S fan could want.-The plot is simply, basic revenge story, but it works. I love it!-The platforming for the most part is smooth and enjoyable-The fighting is good, although the keyboard controls could use some work-The graphics are simple, but they do what they're supposed to (basically show you breasts, monsters, and guts, what else?)-The finishing moves are gory, and you really feel the 'crunch' as you swing your sword and cut an enemy's head in halfNow to talk about the problems.-Bugs, bugs, and more bugs.In all fairness, the developers are actively adressing the problems and have been quite active in the comments. However, it would be nice if they didn't use their customers as beta testers. I would be more annoyed, but this seems to have become the norm now.Personally I would recommend this to any fan of the genre in a heartbeat, despite the bugs, as these are being addressed as we speak. For fans of platformers, I'd say take what I said with a pinch of salt, as there is a nostalgic factor that biases my opinion. For the rest of the potential buyers, all I can say is, if you get triggered by the lack of political correctness in games, or if your homepage is set to tumblr, then I'm inclined to suggest that you give this one a pass. Otherwise, wait a bit for all the major bugs to be ironed out and then pick it up."
76561197991921123,Recommended,402880,23366008,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,meshuggah12345,"Age of Barbarian captures the true essence of classic fantasy movies perfectly. Everything from the soundtack to the choice of graphical asthetic portrays the love and passion developers Crian Soft have for this genre.I have the original version of this game and I must say the ""Extended Cut"" upgrade was worth the wait. The controls are much more fluid, and combos are easier to pull off. There are new and extended cutscenes telling more of the story. New characters and voice acting, a travelling merchant, and a campfire added to the beginning of levels are all welcome additions. A tutorial mode has also been added to help learn the controls and the overall difficulty has been balanced. (I cannot comment on mid to end-game content as this game was sooo bloody hard.)There are some issues with the game at launch, some spelling and grammar mistakes, some menus are in Italian even though english is selected. I am sure the small issues will be ironed out post-release and are really not game-breaking. I really recommend this one especially to fans of the old Conan movies and other 80's fantasy films."
,Recommended,402880,23378062,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,random,Think Rygar and Golden axe.I love the game.
,Not Recommended,402880,31172039,Posted: 15 April,all,schaput420,"PROS:-Gorey death animations are plentiful and satisfying-Character models stylized similar to Killer Instinct, Primal Rage, etc.-Option to turn on/off nudity-Secrets to discover, optional bosses-Radial wheel for items, item shop available between levelsCONS:-Controls are clunky, sometimes unresponsive-LOTS of bugs-Collision detection could be better-Boss difficulty unbalanced, susceptible to exploitation-Basic moves like a 2 hit combo or run attack are not available from start-Moveset still lacks common sense features even with everything unlocked (jump attack?)"
,Recommended,402880,24371324,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,aalpontes,It´s OK game. Kinda slw paced but remembers me my arcade time. fun but not unforgetable.
,Recommended,402880,34674222,Posted: 1 September,all,RABIDFOX,"The game reminds me of old barbarian movies such as ""sword and sorcerer"" ""deathstalker"" ""conan the barbarian"" and 'yor: the hunter from the future'.There is multiple ways of completing certain missions and lots of traps located throughout each area has different enemies and a different atmosphere as you character levels up they learn more moves and become harder to kill. The best part hands down is the gore theres all sorts from chopping hands and legs off to sliceing monkey men in half and kicking ogre like men into spikes. I can't wait for the arena game which will be out soon and i plan to play it. side note: you can censor the tiddies but not the gore in the options if it makes you uneasy.I played with mouse and keyboard which is quite clunky so I recommend to format the walking to the arrow keys and the high slash to 'w' low slash to 's' block to 'a' left roll to 'q' right roll to 'e'"
76561198080135047,Recommended,402880,23532589,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,MAFIOSO,"Addicting game that needs a little polish. As long as devs keep working on it it has great potential! Devs, pls more weapons and more responsive combat! can we also get ajump attack??"
76561197977327509,Recommended,402880,23424155,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Vegas,"Age of Frustration Distended RutThat's the name I give this bug-filled mess of a game. There is nothing top notch about it. The story is weak. The characters are one dimensional. The graphics and animation is as bad as 1990s Super Nintendo. The gameplay is FRUSTRATING. And yet I don't hate it.This is not for children. There's nudity. Both male and female. Very sketchy scenes happen involving the female protagonist and a certain evil sorceress that straddle the fine line of art and pornography. Guts, gore and awful platforming will take you through a journey that should last about 5 hours minus the game BREAKING bugs. This game will test your patience. I've literally run the gauntlet of bugs to finish the game just to see what very short ending there was for my lady barbarian.As far as controls go I played this on a keyboard and got fairly good at it near the end. The game gets a lot easier the higher level you become. I found that the moves execute over three-fourths of the time when you press the right keys. Sometimes though a move will fire off that you definately didn't press the keys for. Overall the combat is serviceable. Unfortunately the AI for the enemies and bosses is subpar. You'll be dispatching the everyday thug with ease after a few levels but there is one boss in particular (was inexcessible until they patched it) that is inexplicably tough and literally kills you with a laser beam to the head in one hit. In general the bosses just spam a few power hits and die most of the time getting caught in animation loops as your barbarian hacks away at them. The main thing, however, that will drive you crazy is the 2-D platforming. Its no good. The designers will place a ledge nearby and inexplicably not allow you to grab it. Your hapless barbarian falls to his/her death costing you progress and also your sanity. Traps are there to avoid but are poorly placed sometimes right in front of area transitions so your barbarian walks into his/her death simply because of level design. So much of this can be remedied with a little more care to designing these stages.What I do like about this game is the idea. It's simple. You have lots of action. You have lots of combat. A little exploration (something they should expand!!!!!! What's the point of being a barbarian if you can't roam and explore the world?). This, like the game Exanima, is a taste of what something could be. Players want mature games like The Witcher, Dragon Age, Elder Scrolls, Fallout and Mass Effect. We don't shy away from violence, nudity or gore. We seek it out. Age of Barbarian strives to meet those wants but falls well short. Still, if you are looking for a little distraction for a day or two this is not a title to miss. A little tightening of the controls here, improved level design there, some better animations and a bigger overall world would make this a far more enjoyable experience. And if you do not agree, then ""the HELL with YOU!"" - Ahnuld Schwarzenegger."
76561197984326920,Recommended,402880,29028427,Posted: 5 January,all,shamburocketstr,"Fun, addictive gameplay. Some bugs, but the developer patches often. I love the retro feel and the artwork. I'm a big Conan fan, and this game feels heavily inspired by the Robert E. Howard books. I hope future updates include more levels... or maybe an AOB 2?"
76561198020052020,Recommended,402880,30292640,Posted: 3 March,all,Slutty_Whorebitch,bon petit jeu!!!
76561198208297895,Recommended,402880,23942307,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,madrax10,"Very enjoyable game.  Very much a spiritual sequal to the very old Barbarian 2. Very good enemies,tons of secrets and some very challenging boss enemies. The game does not shy away from the nudity and gore one would expect from the barbarian sub-genre."
,Recommended,402880,23490442,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Die AIDS Schnitte,This Game is Awesome!Well there are many bugs. but for now there are patches almost every day with fixes.
76561198021548183,Recommended,402880,33965409,Posted: 2 August,all,Gajowy,How this is possible that this game is more entertaining then any Ubisoft or EA game?
,Not Recommended,402880,29362028,Posted: 19 January,all,SproitzMaggot,"I have played Barbarian on the C64 and  the Amiga 500. I have been waiting for a remake all the time. But this one doesn't make things right. It has plenty of bugs, terrible controls with delayed player action, and  the bad voice acting should also be mentioned.If AOB  was sold in early access I wouldn't complain about it. The game needs some more work, before I would consider buying it again. My first refund at steam."
76561198267455815,Not Recommended,402880,34920777,Posted: 13 September,all,matthew3086,"I can't visit the web-sight so I'll write my complaint here. The dragon on the 5th level has a massive glitch that makes it flicker. One moment it's visible, the next it disappears and something invisible bites my characters head off.At the moment this game is glitchy as F@#K.Please fix it."
76561198116889919,Not Recommended,402880,23380394,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Warphoenix2014,"Game is pretty good when it works, lots of fun...Way too many bugs at this time to recommend spending your hard earned money."
76561198358209122,Recommended,402880,34975979,Posted: 15 September,all,Flaccid__bacon,It's not amazing but it's not supposed to be. It's gory and fun and sometiems difficult but that's what it's supposed to be. Fan of platformers and those old 80's sword and sorcery B -movies? Then this game is for you
76561197969714731,Recommended,402880,35147761,Posted: 23 September,all,El,game is ultimate
76561197996890855,Recommended,402880,33295120,Posted: 5 July,all,RackRabbit,"Exactly what it portrays itself to be - It's like Frank Frazetta, Robert E. Howard and Ralph Bakshi joined forces and made a video game."
,Recommended,402880,29362743,Posted: 19 January,all,Green Ranger,OMG. So 80s. Amazing! Life Changing!
76561197981031102,Recommended,402880,23368560,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Rancidarse,Brings back fond memories of playing the original Barbarian games on the old ZX spectrum *wipes away nostalgic tear....good stuff so far.
76561198130415713,Recommended,402880,23366896,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,moonstryder86,"Take two parts Conan, add one part Golden Axe, add another part Heavy Metal, and mix together... enjoy!"
,Recommended,402880,23393717,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,QuinIpsum,"The Bad- Buggy, clunky, barely feels finished.  Feels like a game you'd play on a CD that came inside PC Gamer Mag.  First time I died by a pit I got stuck on a spike and just sort of stayed there. Chilling. Had to close the game.The Good- Feels like watching a really crappy Italian movie.The Awesome-  Your mentor is apparently named Ron.10/10 would learn at the feet of Ron again."
76561198027785846,Not Recommended,402880,25551787,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,ChaosRepeated,"This game is so full of glitches it is unplayable.Before listing the glitches a couple of other issues I had.The combat feels unresponsive, attacks, blocks, dodges and movement feels delayed, this makes the system of blocks and counterattacks feel frustrating. As if you catch an attack 50 ms into the attack animation you can block it, otherwises you are out of luck. Even if the attack takes 2 seconds before the hit. This is because the lag between pushing the block button and actually blocking is so incredibly slow.Likewise the attacks and similar suffer the same problems.Additionally the buttons are overloaded on the 'A' button to a frustrating degree, 'A' does a low attack, performs a distruption attack and activates in world items (such as chests) which means that if you are fighting and press X your fine but the minute you press A you could find instead of swinging you stop fighting turn around and open a chest (while the enemy beats on you), try and kick an enemy far to far away to hit with a kick, or do what you actually wanted to do. So lets just say it's not golden axe in terms of fun combat.Now the glitches;First and most frustrating the game crashes when ever loading the level if you are not in windowed mode.Second and also infuriating sometimes when you die you'll be teleported to the last checkpoint. Other times, the vast majority of times in fact, you wont be. You'll just sit their staring at your dead body. The only way to continue is to quit to map overlay and start the entire level again.As a result this ends up being a frustrating unplayable mess.Given that I purchased this game to play a cheesy, b movie grade hack and slash to blow off frustration, all and all fails to deliver."
76561198153031152,Recommended,402880,25907839,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Lord Knorrx,"Pay no attention to the lamentations of the whiny downvoters! This is a game for real barbarians.While at first the controls of  the game seem like a clumsy mess, once you got the hang of them, your character moves and fights as smooth as silk. combined with bloody dismemberment and underdressed feral girls this game will become whats best in life! It looks gorgeous, it sounds like an opera and it pulls you right into the best barbarian experience on steam. I would go as far and call this a masterpiece. If you like Conan and Company, this is a must have!"
76561198203892271,Recommended,402880,35121858,Posted: 21 September,all,Dr. S,"Despite the Dragon glitching out all the damn time, the game is a lovely trash fire"
76561198009213925,Recommended,402880,35155576,Posted: 23 September,all,Sblade,"Good game overall, it does not have the refinement of an AAA title, but it does the job and certainly game´s original in the theme sword & sorcery from the 80´s.It has gone on many patches and is quite decent on keyboard and great with a controller. if like action 2d games I recommend it for you"
,Recommended,402880,23460424,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,CrackerBlack,♥♥♥♥♥and action!
,Not Recommended,402880,35176000,Posted: 24 September,all,SlyCoopersButt,It'd be a solid game if there weren't so many bugs and glitches.
,Not Recommended,402880,35074890,Posted: 19 September,all,UPayIPwn,"Im trying really hard to like this game but i have a couple of issues.1. In the 4 hours I have played since the time of writing, the game has crashed atleast 7 or 8 times. Only one of those times was I given an error (for microsoft visual C++ runtime). No way to send reports of crashes either, clearly the studio wants to know about your issues. Atleast the game saves at every milestone so not too much progress is lost.2. The character controls like it is on ice. Often times I find myself sliding into pits, or into those spike pits, not due to failing the obstacle, but the character failing to stop when I let go of the controls...Also, the skeletons seem really glitchy, there was no obvious way to deal with them. They kept self reviving so I found myself kicking them to the opposite end of the room relative to the door I wanted to use and then rolling to the door and glitching the combat off so the door would activate.Overal, the combat is not very smooth (seems intentional?). I would not reccomend this game if you are intending to play it as a serious fighter."
,Not Recommended,402880,35261778,Posted: 28 September,all,Unforseen Liquid Emission,Wtf is mouse control
76561198030673609,Recommended,402880,24123953,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Reflections of Crimson Raij,screw the feminists and the SJWs. buy this game to♥♥♥♥♥♥them off :P
76561198044951536,Recommended,402880,23391924,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,婊子WOLFSERK婊子,Great!
76561197983341289,Not Recommended,402880,23408945,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,lou1998,"Although this game is buggy and needs to be refined, I found myself unable to stop playing it.  I normally don't play 2D scrolling games, but the combat was fun and the atmosphere reminded me of old barbarian moves like Conan, Gor, Red Sonja, etc.  Aside from the bugs, it could use some improvement:Controls need to be more responsiveAbility to look down to see where you want to drop from platformsItem descriptions are missingThe game feels like it is still in beta testing.  I would wait to buy it until the developers have a chance to make improvements."
76561198009876564,Recommended,402880,33170555,Posted: 2 July,all,Kit the Kat,hahahaahha really funny game for 18 + : so classic and saisfying I just laughed so hard XDXDXD
,Recommended,402880,33852150,Posted: 28 July,all,KuroKenshi,WELCOME AT THE EDGE OF THE WORLD
76561197999978820,Not Recommended,402880,26102525,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Arjock,"Do NOT buy this unless you want an early access game that is not tagged properly. The amount of content is nice for an indie game, but it is buggy as hell and some bosses are broken. I did complete it (100% steam achievements) yet:- some bosses are simply broken unfair- respwaning at checkpoints can glitch you in the ground (you need to leave the current lvl and all progress is lost)- animations can get stuck like opening a chest oder getting knocked back from an enemy (you need to leave the currentlvl and all progress is lost)-The game sometimes crashes on loading screens or gives you no image after loading a section and the list goes on and on.- very poor hit detection (for both enemies an you)-  wrong collission on some floors so you can't jump over some gaps (well you can, you just have to know were the floor is glitched to avoid falling to death)Bosses like the Basilisk and Necromancer are designed beyond stupidity with not strategy what so ever, they can spam you with attacks almost locking you in place, you literaly need to bug out the basilisk to defeat him.We are not talking about a new released game, no, this is the ""Extended Cut"", like, a refined version. The games version when i played it was 1.7.   1 . 7!It's not like the game has minor issues like maybe little depth in gameplay or poorly written dialouge (well the dialouge isn't very good but i look at it as a parody so thats ok).I can't repeat myself enough: game breaking bugs and design ""choices"" (god i hope those were mistakes and not intentional).Do not buy unless you are very, VERY patient with bugs and poor game design."
,Recommended,402880,31979858,Posted: 26 May,all,uncolober,"Clearly the best game on Steam. Sorry, did I say ""on Steam""? I meantever. What a contemporary classic. A sensation for the modern age. A true timeless masterpiece. When you're stuck,kickthe bridge and thank me later."
76561198013405061,Recommended,402880,30968181,Posted: 5 April,all,Lord Dindu,the female character has a ncie phat booty. she might have chlamydia tho.
,Recommended,402880,25629818,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,Vuud,"It's great, everything about this is great."
,Not Recommended,402880,30399232,Posted: 8 March,all,Zentaki,"The games seems awsome. It is at some point.Gameplay is lot of fun.Effects is very good.Playability mechanic is very good.Nice graphics.But the game seems to crash a lot. Its bad coded.Crashes for everythign you do. If you go to menu and changes pages it will do a small loads probably saving your changes, is crashy.completing stages it will do a routing for clearing the game this loading moment is crashy.any time the game does its routings is crashy.once you load the stage , if it doesnt crash at menus or stage selection its very playable. Nice and smooth.Yeah it crashes a lot so dont try to buy it and work around, the dev should dance first to run the game smother without crashes so we can pay them to enjoy their work. Other than that they didnt work at all, why should i pay for it?"
76561198003058426,Not Recommended,402880,35054078,Posted: 18 September,all,Xanders,"Struggling half an hour to find keyboard controls just to start the game, then found out that it even does not keep saves. No thanks."
76561198007728837,Not Recommended,402880,23393547,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,snajones,"I was looking forward to this game... but... it needs a LOT of work. Bugs... bugs everywhere. From conversations that get you ""stuck"" forcing you to alt+tab to kill the game in task manager, to buttons just stopping working, to the screen blacking out after ""loading"". Wait to get this game until they have it in a non-Alpha bug-filled state."
76561198018892935,Not Recommended,402880,26203053,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,AceRimmer,"I really tried to like this game.  But I simply could not progress past the first boss because of how full of bugs this game has!  1 - I watched the vids online on how to kill the boss.  I guess the game devs decided to change things because the boss I battled didn't act anything like what I saw online.  I get close and before I can swing, he bumps me so I am in the perfect spot for him to hit me.  Two bumps, two hits and I am dead.  So, no prob.  I thought I would try and level up some more before I went back to fight him.  2 - There is a bug in the game where I cannot seem to jump on the platforms to get into the very first dungeons to get to the first boss.  I was able to do it before.  But now when I jump on the second platform I immediately fall off.  No matter what I do, I fall down.  3 - Those little snakes below the platforms have been upgraded.  If there is only one I can kill it.  If there are two or more...I'm dead because I'm hit so regularly I cannot do anything but take damage.  I cannot react.  I cannot fight.  I cannot dodge.  I can only get hit, over and over until I die.  Their range is half the freakin screen!  They simply cannot be dodged!  The first time I was able to run past them and get to the platform.  But now with the second platform kicking me off constantly I cannot get away from them.  4 - Control mapping.  In my game it seems if I want to change ""high attack"" in the controller menu I have to click the action ABOVE ""high attack"" to change it.  Same with all the other attacks.  I have to click the item ABOVE it in order to change it.  WTF?  5 - Making camp.  When there is a ""Bad Night"" the bar meter is so LARGE there is no possible way for me to press the button fast enough to stop me from losing.  I thought it was me at first.  So I had three of my friends try it.  We all managed to get a little over halfway and we ALL lost.  My keyboard even has a little cheat on it where I can set it to press a key by itself as fast as it can.  Even then it only got up to around 60% to 65%.  THAT is a game bug.Simply put, this game is NOT worth it!  I tried validating the files but that did NOTHING.  I uninstalled the game and am now re-downloading it.  If that helps, I will change my review.  But if it doesn't then this remains.  My recommendation does as well.  AVOID THIS BUGGY GAME AT ALL COSTS!!!!"
76561198087820850,Not Recommended,402880,29612735,Posted: 31 January,all,TurboGamingUK,The amount of crashes this game has makes Conan Exiles look stable...
,Not Recommended,402880,23435902,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Lord Martin,There are so many bugs.  For example in the village stage.... if you are dashing when the barbarian sees the two orcs by the hut - you become stuck permanently...  If you fall into a pit after the huts and get impaled on a stake you have to CLOSE the game and start it up then do the beginning introduction again..It's so bad.
76561198037003064,Not Recommended,402880,23387767,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Butston Freem,"So bad it's good. Almost.Simplistic combat that really lacks much nuance, quite bad graphics that in spite of being 2D still manages to get consistent dips in FPS, and sound effects that are so bad they will make you laugh out loud.However, that is made up for by having the most hilarious story campaign ever. Is this The Room of videogames? Quite possibly.I have a hard time actually recommending this game, but it has a certain charm to it that some might enjoy. Be warned though, the game has more than a few bugs. I don't think i've managed to go through a single stage without the game crashing or bugging out in some other way. Though, some of the bugs are so funny they almost add to the game.Feel free to watch yours truly play the game here if you want a look at the gameplay;https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DxqPKtwy1fM"
76561197988974810,Recommended,402880,23374578,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,dirtylilfixer,"This game is awesome. And not just because it sends the SJWs and Sarkesian Accolytes into a tizzy. Its not a perfect game. Some of the screens weren't even translated from the native Spanish. Neither flawless nor shameless, Age of Barbarian is Roger Corman movie in video game form."
76561197991730923,Not Recommended,402880,26506654,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Nova,"- Didn't recognise my controller, forcing me to use the keyboard- Playing in fullscreen crops all but the top-left quarter of the screen, forcing me to play in windowed mode- Attack buttons randomly stopped responding on me at one point- Random, unjustifiable framerate dropsI like the art style, silly narration, the combat system and the controls, while rather rough around the edges, are still functional so I was enjoying it and would likely have carried on to completion and given it a tentative (due to the technical issues) thumbs up......until I slammed into the brick wall that is the Hydra! It either insta-killed (or 2-shot) me with it's eye laser (even after figuring out it could be blocked, it's angle would vary to where it hit me when my block frames wore off, timing be damned!) or stun-locked me to death whenever I got close because its' attack animations lack any reasonable telegraph, due to it looking like it's missing several frames! An absolutely BS boss if ever I saw one!A dozen frustrating attempts later, in which I just charged in like an idiot hoping to get lucky, I stopped.And then I refunded it."
76561197974363922,Not Recommended,402880,29645992,Posted: 2 February,all,grimm,"this game is soo baad its almost good.I cant recomend it unless you like the barbarian game on the amiga 500 and even then i would put a massive axtrix next to it. Because it handles the same.  it has similar frame frates. but we expect better these days.  i reckon if fans of barbarians played it today they would see how ♥♥♥♥♥♥ it was. this game is almost unplayable. with massive frame rate dips.  buggy as hell.  but there is a unique game in there. they need to tightin up the controlls and fix allllll the bugs  but the short time i spent with it , i had a bit of fun. just wish steam had a maybe button"
76561198217613437,Not Recommended,402880,23397554,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,deepblue43,"I bought the game,played about 2 hours and requested refund.The game engine is too old and you can not defeat the big boss even if you play  in easy mode,quite unplayable.there is no map,in some areas you don't know what to do and there is no hint!"
76561198162147716,Not Recommended,402880,29507456,Posted: 26 January,all,irenebaker,walking through fluid very slow to the point of preventing chatacter making any advance in game.
76561197996512890,Not Recommended,402880,27687149,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,bladiator_tf,Poor player movements.Bugs everywhereBlack screensGame freezesCharacter speeches that doesn´t work.
76561198368230274,Not Recommended,402880,30230604,Posted: 27 February,all,sng-ign,"This is a review of Age of Barbarian (henceforth 'AoB')Version 1.7.9I've played some subpar games before (The Guy Game, Godhand, Gungrave / Gungrave OD, Steel Battalion / Tekki, Conan Dark Axe, etc.) but Age of Barbarian takes the cake in certain game design choices. As a basic platformer, the game is very European — experienced hands can tell this is something only a European dev can concoct. The game more closely rtakes after SEGA Megadrive's Blades of Vengeance (Beam Software, published by Electronic Arts) than Dungeons and Dragons Tower of Doom / Shadow Over Mystara (Capcom).The levels encourage exploring, and the ability to retain items (auto-save) even after quitting a level before completing it is a thoughtful design choice. The characters move, feel, and play klunky — very much like watching molasses spill out of a bottle. While the high fidelity of the animations are good, what's sorely lacking is the ability to interrupt certain moves (i.e., Guard Cancel, Dodge Cancel) to allow players to avoid incoming attacks. There's a reason for the occasional jerkiness of certain animations — that's for cancelling out of a move to save your own♥♥♥♥♥The logistics are fairly simple — you can accrue in-game credits (gold) to purchase stockable one-use items for your use later, and splurge on a permanent weapon upgrade. I say, ""a weapon upgrade"" because your character can only equip one weapon that may affect your character's performance (sometimes not in the best way). Your default weapon will be discarded if you decide to upgrade your armament.The mechanics of powering up (leveling) are also simple. The more enemies you slay, the higher your stats go (by level; DEF scales with your level on a 1-to-1 ratio, POW scales slightly higher depending on your character, but is never double your current level). Your durability also increases with your level (haven't figured out the ratio yet). Unfortunately, all this does is scale up your opponents, who are usually equal or slightly less powerful than you are. Bosses also scale in level, meaning unless you have a hord of HP / HTKs (hit points / hits to kill), you will be fighting them more or less in the same fashion.Your characters' moves are level locked (the final motions are unlocked at Level 8) but so far, I have not seen a level cap (I'm currently at Level 16 ... and counting).What's infuriating (aside from the level scaling) is that some of the enemies (not just bosses but even MOBs) can be frustrating in how to effectively put them out of commission. Early levels give you almost no inclination of the level of cheapness the game gets to when respawning enemies (undead) are introduced, and not in a measured fashion; there are literally some areas with infinite undead which prevent you from escaping or even mounting an effective counter without expending an inordinate amount of resources (items stack to a max of 9) to deal with the encounter. And thanks to the ""lives"" or ""revives"" your character gets with each play, your items used are tracked, but your progress resets to the nearest checkpoint, necessitating you to quit or start with reduced (or no) resources.Speaking of cheap enemies, some bosses are ridiculously easy, while other bosses are insanely hard (more so if you are playing one character over another). One boss, an enemy spellcaster, died fairly quickly using the male barbarian by simple brute force (damage tanking); on the other hand the female barbarian did not pack enough damage (and her hit boxes may be different) resulting in predictable defeat. On the flip side, the female barbarian's speed of animating her attacks and movement speed lets her deal with different situations more easily than the male barbarian. Unfortunately, almost all the bosses and stage situations behave exactly the same, while expecting you to implement another solution (there are few good alternatives in most cases).Randomly sprinkled death traps in the levels (esp. the final level) and bottomless pits abound. These environmental hazards instantly kill your character regardless of level, hit points remaining, etc. The developers sometimes overuse traps near the edges of a screen transition, giving you nearly no time to react or to adequately manuever to avoid the hazard.Overall, the game is esoteric, atmospheric, and had potential to be a neat niche game (heroic action fantasy).Ultimately, it is an exercise in frustration (and bugs - there are a few game-breaking ones like controller inputs not responding, force you to default to the keyboard) and the later stages (and bosses) simply make the game un-fun. Thankfully, the developers are fairly responsive and will address bugs on the game's Steam forum over time. Until those bugs and certain balance / gameplay issues are resolved, no one with a lick of common sense can recommend this game.For those of you looking for other similar titles (and that are free, if you know how) here are some recommended alternates:• Blades of Vengeance (SEGA Megadrive)• Cadash (coin-op)• Cadash 2: Lightbringer (coin-op)• Dungeons & Dragons Tower of Doom (coin-op)• Dungeons & Dragons Shadow Over Mystara (coin-op)• Dungeons & Dragons Rise of Warduke (OpenBOR)• Golden Axe (coin-op)• Golden Axe The Revenge of Death=Adder (coin-op)• Golden Axe III (SEGA Megadrive)• Golden Axe Myth (OpenBOR)• Hippodrome (coin-op)• Warrior Blade: Rastan Saga 3 (coin-op)"
,Not Recommended,402880,23442575,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,timbacca,Sh!t sandwich.
76561198035471665,Not Recommended,402880,23783744,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,handase,bug bug bug bug♥♥♥♥♥♥.....
,Not Recommended,402880,23462624,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Marlyonama,"Not only are the character designs highly suggestive (nipple clamps), but the game has a horrible frame rate. The music on the menu screen is way too loud, and everytime I start a level, the game crashes. How do you screw this up as a developer?"
76561197991437690,Not Recommended,402880,23625640,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,foxzero25,"Stay away from this, the gameplay is something that should have died with the arcade cabinet they found it in."
76561197992999760,Not Recommended,402880,32099412,Posted: 31 May,all,Shrapnel,"Console trash. Dont let the boobs fool you, game is garbage. If you dont have a controller, get ready to remap all the keys to something even resembling a keyboard configuration. Im not doing that in 2017, if you cant be bothered to make your game presentable to PC players *ON STEAM* well then, I cant be bothered giving you money. Thanks for the refund policy Gabe."
76561198055596025,Not Recommended,402880,24587389,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Samantha the ninetail,Playing this game it just made think i'm glad i wasn't born in 80 because i'm 20 i find these old game crap can't do anything. the layout of controll are terrible. Can't even start campagin every button i hit say quit then no or yes.
76561198110843706,Not Recommended,402880,25171417,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,player_867,"hi, i dont appreciate, the sexism..."
76561198006262250,Recommended,402880,35404796,Posted: 1 October,all,Macaw,Basically most entertaining game ever made
76561198229693772,Recommended,402880,35503869,Posted: 5 October,all,Holowolf6,"""Fantasy B-Movie: The Game"" deserves an Oscar."
