user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Not Recommended,403190,19742424,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,ATX Ferret,"I've been really struggling to decide how I want to rate this game because, although I have played it for around 50 hours, now that I see that there's no amount of practice or strategy that can get past a fatal flaw in the game design itself, I wish I hadn't.Scroll down to the bottom for the summary, if you like, but I really suggest you read the entire review to get a grasp on my reasoning because, although the game is stable and not completely devoid of merit, it is basically broken, and unfortunately, without someone explaining it beforehand, you'll have to invest a lot of time before you see exactly how.If you like games where you assign a task, such as building a building or using a machine, and then some guy goes and actually does said task, and the game is essentially this concept multiplied repeatedly, with all the logistics problems left for you to figure out, then you'll like this game, at least for a while. Probably for 5-10 hours or so.Everything hinges on how you plan your base. This, in essence, is the entirety of the game.In a way, this is good, as it gives you the feeling that your design choices really matter. Where you place the mine, in association with where you place the ore processor, in association with where you place the semi-conductor making machine, in association with where you place the robot making machine, will define the success or failure of your colony.You've played games like this before -- everything from the Anno series to Starcraft/Warcraft series of strategy games. Your placement plus automated workers of some kind using the things you place equals the game, more or less. In Planetbase, though, you're never preparing for war (there are ""invaders"", but they're a joke), and you're never trying to get to the next scenario or goal because there pretty much aren't any of either.Even this is alright, though, since, for one thing, it's only a $20 game. It is not, however, a ""sandbox"" game, as it is tagged, unless you consider a severe lack of any real goals to mean sandbox.Although I wouldn't recommend it, I do feel like most people will get more than $20 worth of gaming simply out of getting to the point to where they can hit all the milestones on the third and final planet. After that, though, there's really not much left to do, and you'll probably be bored of the repitition well before you get to that point (as I was).No, my major complaint about this game is actually more of a combination of two elements.First, everything you build is connected to each other. It's either outdoor structures (power and oxygen generation) or indoor structures (domes where your people can do things) and you must build pathways to connect them. Due to terrain, you will often find that the only way to continue building your colony is to either separate your outdoor structures from your indoor structures entirely, meaning one meteorite strike on that connection can instantly spell the end of your colony because, although you can connect the entirety of your colony to all of its power and water generation with one single connection, and one of the first and cheapest structures in the game is the mine, you inexplicably cannot connect parts of your base through any amount of rock.(Edit: I have been advised in the comments that external connections, which are those built only to power and water generating structures, cannot really be destroyed, and therefore you could build all of those structures away from the base. Although true, this seems almost like an exploit or, at the very least, a very limiting strategy since you could never build any interior structures in that direction as the game won't let you ""split your base"", as it puts it. It might be a workaround for the above issue, but it's certainly not a solution to the problem. As per the devs (see link in comments), they don't allow that link to be destroyed via meteor strikes because it would make the game ""ridiculously hard,"" indicating that they see segregating all exterior structures as the only viable strategy.)The other option is to build these external structures alongside your internal structures. This strategy, however, will invariably lead to multiple instances of places where there is only one way to get from one end of the colony to the other because, apparently, the concept of building tunnels over or under hills was never invented in this particular alternate reality.On its own, this conundrum could be seen as part of the game's strategy. After all, the main premise is that you're building a city out of domes an alien planet, right?Well, that could work fine if it wasn't for the fact that there is virtually no AI controlling the colonists, and the colonists are a bit like Sims in that they need to eat, sleep, and keep entertained, in addition to doing their jobs and carrying things around, the latter of which can often take up most of a colonist's life, at least until the colony is advanced enough to produce robots to do the carrying for you (which can take a while).Now mix the extremely limited pathways with the needs of the colonists, who lack the programming to anticipate their own needs in any way, and add the fact that every device that satisfies a need can only be used by one colonist at a time, and, if you're experienced with these types of games, you're already starting to see the big shiny, flashing, glaring flaw in the core design of the game.If you're not seeing it yet, here's a direct quote from the developer in response to my asking if this was considered part of the intended difficulty of the game, or if the colonists are not supposed to be ignoring their basic needs when they're in the same room as the thing that can provide for those needs:""The main reason for the colonist not grabbing a meal will be that there are none available.There might be a meal in the Meal Maker, but it might be already assigned to another colonist that is on their way to pick it up.Colonists are polite this way until the triangle on their heads gets orange, at that point they will just grab whatever is available regardles of someone else wanting it.We should probaby indicate this in the UI somehow to make it more obvious.""This means that your colonists are going to spend much of their time walking across the planet to get to a device to fill a need simply because the nearest device was being used right at the second they decided they were hungry, or thirsty, or sleepy. It doesn't matter that the device would be out of use in less than a second. That colonist is going to spend an entire in-game day walking to that other water fountain because he wasn't bright enough to stand in line behind the one guy at the first one. And the developer only sees this as a UI flaw.You can read more on the forums regarding the complete lack of an actual AI in this game, and how horribly it mixes with the concept of domes and limited pathways but, what it all boils down to is, you end up designing the base around the stupidity of your colonists, which shouldn't be the point at all, but basically defines the game past the first 20-30 colonists.Once you realize this, you quickly become annoyed with playing a game that doesn't involve much more than compensating for its own bad design.So, here's the TL;DR+ Game is stable.+ Graphics are decent and create a nice atmosphere.- Audio is uninspired and sleep-inducing.- Very few real goals, but not nearly enough freedom to justify the ""sandbox"" label.-- Gameplay concepts clash terribly. Extremely limited pathways and extremely basic AIs do not mix well.(See comments for any of my replies to the developer responses. Review has been lightly edited in light of some comments and developer response.)"
,Recommended,403190,18832957,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Etheras,"Planetbase is a base builder on uncolonized planets. If you like building sims and space, you're likely to enjoy this game. Now for the nitty-gritty.The GoodGORGEOUS GRAPHICS - Especially from far away with the domes up at night. Check my screenshots for some pics of my own baseGREAT CONTROLS - Everything works pretty-much how you might expectTHE COLONIST AI ISN'T AN IDIOT - Colonists and robots actually seem to triage and do the things that need doing, rather than getting stuck in deadlocked loops. They perform most tasks to completion, rather than allowing their needs to interrupt current tasks. This seemingly-tiny feature is an enormous improvement over similar games like Banished or Maia. Because having stupid AI for colonists in a base building sim makes them extremely frustrating, often to the point of unplayability.UNLIMITED RESOURCES - One might think of this as a negative, because its not ""realistic"" but that would be wrong. A small base is going to take hundreds of years to mine out a mountain, or else have enormous stockpiles of metal. Planetbase takes the former route, and mines are inexhaustible. Why is this a plus? Because it prevents the landscape from looking like late-game Banished: Completely littered with exhausted mines and quarries. Planetbase, on the contrary, is more concerned with managing the rate of resource extraction, rather than constantly building new mines.NEAR-FUTURE PLAUSIBILITY - The first map especially seems like Mars, and none of the technology ingame (aside perhaps from the frequent trading ships) is that far future from what we might provide today. This gives the game a feel of realism and plausibility requiring no suspension of disbelief. The player can understand the role of each building and item from the start without having to look it up in tutorials or lore.GREAT UI - Simple, and direct to the point.GOOD SENSE OF PROGRESS - Always feels like you're achieving some grand vision. This sort-of gives it a Civ5 ""one more turn"" feel, except in PlanetBase its more like ""one more dome"".FLOW - Fun and addictive gameplay, flows nicely, easy to get lost in itThe BadTRADING SYSTEM - My biggest single annoyance is that, when you start trading, the button will only exchange one item at a time. That seems standard, right? But in a lot of games, by holding down shift and clicking you might send 10. Or Alt might send 100. This seems tiny, but when you're trying to buy something that costs $600 with money, you literally have to click 600 times. WTF.METEOR PLANET - I do wonder if people would really try to colonize planets that are regularly bombarded with meteors. Doesn't seem wise. Or at least they should build their colonies underground.CAN'T BUILD MULTIPLE COLONIES - One of the things I wanted to do (badly) is build a temporary base in order to gain the resources required to build a larger more permanent base, then recycle the temp base and live in the better-thought-out permanent base. I wanted to do this because there are vast advantages to having large domed rooms and the largest power generators, but you can't really afford those in the early game. It would be better to do this 2-base build process, rather than build 1 and have to go back and recycle everything bit-by-bit to upgrade. A lot of times the new larger structures won't fit in the footprint of the old structure that they're replacing, causing bases often times to become messy and inefficient, or causing the player to have to tear down more of their base than really necessary to make improvements.TECHS ARE WEIRD - The technology system seem taped-on. You buy them from traders rather than researching them (what?), and a lot of them are arguably techs you don't want to have. Like the GM veggies, which cost like $400, say something like ""Might kill you"". Why would you buy these? And yet, to get the technological achievement, you need to get them even if you don't intend to use them.CONCLUSIONGreat game with some really tiny problems that marr an otherwise almost-perfect experience. I'd give it a 94% (very high marks).UPDATE (2015.11.20): Some of the negatives listed here have been addressed (the trading system), or plans have been announced to address them soon (the single base problem). Add to the positives section that developers are responsive to customer feedback and are continuing to support / improve the game!"
76561198048623723,Not Recommended,403190,23949318,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Skynred,"I hate ""not recommending"" a game, specially when the devs seem to be nice fellows, but... there's just not enough GAME here.To quote another reviewer: ""Once you've built one of every type of building, that's pretty much it.""That's specially bad in Planetbase because there are only 2 resources (steel and bioplastic) with which you can build EVERYTHING. You start mining them both almost right away after starting a level, so all you gotta do is wait (producing them, although simple, is quite slow) and build one structure after another, until you have them all (and there aren't a lot of them.)There's no thinking, skill nor anything else really required in Planetbase. All you gotta do is make sure you have enough water, energy and oxygen before building something new and/or allowing new colonists to move in.After you've built one of each structure--just for the sake of seeing what they do, because some of them are not even necessary, and, actually, some don't even do anything--all you have left to do is: 1 - rebuild the same structures and keep acquiring more colonists for... no reason. 2 - wait for trade ships to land, so you can (hopefully) buy one of the very few techs available to ""research"" (that's how ""research"" is done--you buy it.) It becomes worse, because all of such techs consist in either: a larger version of the structures you already have; a couple of improved seeds, which are exactly the same as 2 basic ones but yield 4 vegetables instead of 3; or blueprints to unlock two bots you can't build right away (although you can buy them from traders.) The bots help speed things up some but none of the other techs make any real difference.While playing, most of the time you just stare at the screen, waiting for resources to pile up or trading ships to land. After some 5 hours of that, you just don't see a point in doing it anymore--there's no challenge, no reward, nothing to aim for. Hell! the best structure you can build, the most expensive and the one you aspire to, is even tagged as ""An epic and completely pointless [something]!"" And it works exactly as advertised--it doesn't do anything!The newly added ""Challenge"" scenarios add a particular objective and limitations to a level (I'm assuming all of them fit in this description, I only have the 1st one unlocked), which makes things a bit more interesting... but barely.Again, I feel bad saying this but... Planetbase is a lazy piece of work. It feels like a poor early-access title (bugs aside--I got none) that lacks thought, ambition and a LOT of content. It's a total rip-off even with a 30% discount--given how much money that was here, in my country, it means I paid 4 bucks and something for each hour played. That's one of the 3 worst deals I've ever done on Steam.I hope Planetbase got it wrong, otherwise I fear for the space cowboys out there--because it turns out colonizing a new planet is not exciting, fun nor interesting at all."
76561198066508438,Not Recommended,403190,28831904,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,SQuarrels,"I am a Sci-Fi build a base in space kind of a guy. I enjoy games like Empyrion and Masters of Orion. Years ago, even though the game had some issues, I even enjoyed Outpost by Sierra if you remember that one. Planetbase is similar to Outpost and in some areas, has done a good job improving upon their game design.The things I enjoyed about this game is the building and expanding of your base. They also added some features such as Trade Ships, Visitors, and the occasional Colonist coming to work for you. I have enjoyed the concept and the graphics are pretty well put together as well.However, I have several gripes with this game that Planetbase really should improve upon.1 - I really do not like having to build out each individual bed for my people to sleep in. I should only have to build the structure to house my people. It is a bit tedious to have to place each individual bed and line it up just right to maximize the number of beds I can fit.2 - Having more than one ""base"" would sure have its advantages. I dislike being restricted to one base.3 - The loading sequence of watching every colonist walk off the original lander is very annoying to me. Can't skip it, and they move so slowly.4 - Tech Research - probibly my biggest disapointment is the lack of being able to do research to improve facilities and advancements. You pretty much start out with everything. The only close item to research is the trading of patents, while I like this, I should be able to also find ways to improve my structures. This is a big hole in this game to me.5 - While not a requirement, multiplayer would be pretty cool. Be able to setup trades with other players on the same planet - even be able to attack them - that would be really fun to implement.6 - Better site landing selection. In this game, you select a spot to land but you really have no idea what that spot will be like until - oh - you have already landed.7 - More resources other then plastics and metal. Mining other resources that give you more access to different structures would be very cool.8 - More powerful power buildings. Your stuck with just Solar and Wind. A base that gets larger should have other options but in this game, they do not exhist.9 - Ability to launch satelites for storm warnings, communications, etc. Would be nice to get a warning ahead of the storm actually hitting your base.This is a quick wish list. The game is alright - but it definately falls short of what I believe would make it a great game. Sure I enjoyed the game for a bit, but I really can not give it a good recommendation. I give it a thumbs down because it could have been so much more, and it gets old fairly fast.If you do choose to purchase this game, just be aware it will likely get old after 10 - 15 hours of playing."
,Recommended,403190,18907273,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Bad Whippet,"What is it?Planetbase is not a simple space-based city builder, but an excellent little colony survival game.  Its closest comparison would be the gameBanishedwhere you are given a tiny few people and must grow your population while trying to survive the odds that a hostile planet will throw at your colonists.  It's quite a small game (hence its price) but I've leveraged some 90+ hours out of playing it, so I've definitely got plenty value for money already.You are presented with 3 planets of increasing difficulty and a select few colonists.  Time is critical because your colonists' spacesuits will soon run out of oxygen, and then they will soon become hungry and tired after that.  Just likeBanished, if your colonists' needs reach critical level, they stop working altogether and will most likely die (ie a critical need is already 'too late').  The simple maths is 1 colony multiplied by 0 colonists = 'Game Over'.DifficultyPlanetbase has a quite a challenging difficulty curve that balances between gentle and seeming-impossible difficulty spikes.  The first spike is at the very beginning: can you quickly make your colonists self-sufficient with the very limited resources available to you?  Expect a few restarts when you realise that you got it wrong, or some random planetary event such as a meteor shower ruins your plans.  Once you manage initial settlement, it all starts to feel gentle as the pieces fall into place: biologists produce food, energy and water production ticks along optimally, and workers busy themselves with manufacturing more resources and robots.  But it won't last.  Each time you meddle with the numbers, you are in danger of unbalancing all you've achieved and bringing on another tremendous difficulty spike!Forum complaints and mixed reviews - misunderstandings onlyColony survival games occupy a tiny little niche that is very much misunderstood.  People tend to see the screenshots and assume (understandably) that the game is an empire/city building game of some kind.  The same mistaken assumptions were made about the equally-excellentBanished, where many players complained either that the game was simply too hard and needed to be easier, that the AI is somehow 'dumb' or that there is 'nothing left to do'.   All of these are wrong assumptions that point more to the player's misunderstanding of how this genre of game should be played.  People who would enjoy a space-based city builder might be more at home with the latest Anno game because Planetbase is altogether a different animal...Firstly, the game being 'too hard' IS the game.  It sits more comfortably as a survival/puzzle game than it does a city-building game, because you have limited space, limited resources AND a limitation on the number of structures you can build in order to meet the 8 achievements.   It takes almost nothing to run out of energy or water, but that is the point of the challenge - ie can you beat this planet AND overcome its hazards.  Secondly, if your colonists' needs reach the critical red, then it is already too late.  It's not dumb AI; it's exactly how that AI should play out.  Your only hope at this stage is that a less incapcitated colonist can take over the food or meds chain to help those who are already in the red zone.  If not, they will stop working and will eventually die (if they didn't, there would be no game to play), which brings me to the final complaint people make about 'nothing left to do': if you reach 300 colonists and everything is ticking over nicely, then there IS nothing left to do - you've conquered the planet so move on to the next.  But be warned, it's NOT easy to achieve it!In summary...Planetbase is an excellent colony/survival game that has more in common with survival than it does with city-building.  If you've playedBanishedon its hardest difficulty, then this is about the same level of difficulty as that.  You will be in for many retries, but the challenge is the reward.  I can't recommend this game strongly enough - it truly is a little marvel and I hope the developers might one day expand it a bit with some DLC add-on.Highly recommended - especially if you enjoyedBanished!"
76561198002567771,Not Recommended,403190,18561785,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Xenus Icelon,"I've been told this is out of date, and to be fair, it has been two months. So I've replayed it to see how much it actually changed, and how much of what I mentioned has actually been adressed.Therefore, the following is an edited version from the original review, for the original review, please go tohttp://pastebin.com/xJqfjmhXor ask me directly for a copy. The review shown here is from 18 November, almost an exact two months after the first.Planetbase is a great, if simple concept for a game. Yet flawed in its execution and sadly nowhere near fullfilling its potential.While it has come a bit since release, it is still full of frustrating moments and flaws, sadly this taints what is otherwise an interesting game that looks fairly good and runs great even on subpar hardware.Out of the flaws that were fixed, the most game-breaking were the first to go, with the nutrition system being slightly more forgiving through boosting how much basic meals your colonists can eat, and the AI being a bit more open to actually trying to do something that will lead to the colonists' survival, it still has issues.You are still encouraged to not diversify your food supply, and colonists are still very robot-like in their methods. They have a habit of just standing around at random in your base, but at the least they seem to be willing to survive.Sadly, They have any idea of prioritisation (And there are only VERY basic options to give them a priority, with only one button to prioritise a new construction over other constructions since my original review at release). Prioritising your workshops does just about nothing, as far as resources are concerned. You may have prioritised the spares factory so you can repair that solar panel that keeps the lights on, but your colonists prefer to put your materials into the bar construction that you have not prioritised, but also dont want to completely stop since there has already been a fair amount of resources hauled out there. Prioritisation remains an issue, as well as the limit as to your controls over what actually has the limited prioritisation you have access to - If there's a semiconductor foundry in the same room as your spares production, that will get the same priority as your spares if you prioritise the spares.The second big flaw is in the interface and controls. You are very limited in how you can control the game, there are near no prioritisation buttons, you can not pause the game except by going to the menu, and there do not appear to be any graphics settings of note(Only 'ultra' 'high' 'medium' 'low', anti-aliasing and a resolution? Seriously?). There are no reliable ways to control or guide colonists, nor any way to prioritise for example your doctor making a medkit to treat the injured over hauling some vegetables to the trader. Nor can you tell when someone has just started work or when they're going to stop working. In general, there just is no structure to the base. Your crew just does what they feel like with no regard for the consequences while you have no way to tell them what to do.The base itself is empty, and yet there is not enough room. Every single dome needs a long corridor that goes only from it to one other part of your base. There is no way to split from a corridor, and corridors need to have a minimum length, thus making sure you have long travel times no matter how you build. This of course means very little work gets done when you expand, with less and less getting done the more you build. Colonists do not interact with eachother either, and a majority of your base will be empty space where nothing fits or can be placed.The nutrition system is still much the same, and works by loading a specific combination(One of multiple) into the meal maker machine to create nutritious meals. You give them 3 kinds of meat and 6 different kinds of vegetables? Doesn't matter. The game makes every kind of food ingredient into a generic 'basic meal' unless your unthinking colonists just happen to load the right combination of ingredients into the food making machine to make a nutritious meal. I've personally witnessed one food maker filled up with beef and only beef, and right next to it one filled up with only maize. Those two could have made burgers, nutritious delicious burgers, but instead I could do nothing but watch as the game turned them into generic 'basic meals'. A sad thing to see, for sure. But luckily no longer something that breaks your base as they can now hold out long enough for random chance to put together items well enough for a nutritious meal.The problem remains though, with six slots in the meal maker, and most plants you grow growing in twos or threes you will not be able to make the meals consisting of three different ingredients unless you get very lucky.This game needs a fair amount of work before I would consider it viable, and as much as I was looking foreward to it and was hoping to just relax, sit back and build myself a base, I found myself unable to do anything except fast foreward as my base stagnated and nothing got done. It's a good idea, and a good base for a game. But with the interface, options menu, and the AI as it is, I would not be able to recommend it."
76561198086800474,Not Recommended,403190,24242750,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,odditycat,"I'm a big fan of base/city building games where the point is to manage your city and see it grow. Sadly Planet Base fails to capture my interest and after a few hours I'm left wondering how this game got so many good reviews.Planet Base's main problem is that after the fun of playing a new game has worn off I don't really care about my colony. Needs are easy to manage, as long as you can keep the power and water on. People don't naturally die of old age nor do they breed, so maintaining the population isn't an issue either. People have the usual food/water/health/happiness needs which are all quickly satisfied and nothing that could be significantly improved in the long term. There's no challenge to the game, even poor production just means that things advance slowly. Since there's no serious threats getting to significant points in my colony's life doesn't feel rewarding, just the natural consequence of invested time. I have no reason to keep playing.I was excited by the idea of a tech tree when I first looked at this game, but the development is rather lazy. New technologies are really just larger versions of old technologies. These are useful, but not really very imaginative. Larger energy generators and storage facilites are great, but once you buy the tech that's it. You can now build slightly larger solar panels or slightly larger rooms. In the case of the rooms you don't really feel like this has made your life considerably easier or that you've done more than worked towards the ""Got all 10 technologies"" milestone.The selection of rooms is another downfall for the game. Many games I've played have had transport play a big role in how you structure your domain, either to stop traffic jams in Cites: Skyline or to stop death by exposure/starvation in Banished. In Planet Base everything is connected to everything else, which makes neatly dividing up population centres difficult. Generally the idea of efficiency is to keep all of the production lines that depend upon each other together, then build the services to sustain the population that works there. Planet Base has too few rooms and too little industry to do that. If I build a new section to my base I people have to walk across maybe 3 rooms to get from one room type to the same room type. Imagine if every fourth room you walked into was a gym. Nobody needs that many of one room type, yet I feel forced to put it in just for variety. Bases feel bland, each one is a clone of the last. You can't specialise your planet in any way, so much of the creative element you get with these games is lost.ProsNice setting, good scifi feel.4 different planet classes (difficulty levels) to choose from, each randomly generatedClean graphics, resonable visual designConsLittle variation in threatBuildings must connected to each other at all times, so editting layouts is a painLack of room typesNo creativity requiredLack of complex demands""New techs"" are just souped up versions of existing structures/items or robot blueprintsOver all, I played it for a few hours, tried a more challenging level and realised I was doing the same thing over and over again for little enetertainment. Wish I'd played it less so I could get a refund."
76561198027813705,Not Recommended,403190,30667912,Posted: 22 March,all,mr_right4u_2002,"So like many city builders there is ""no end"".  There is ""no boss"".  There is only one goal: build.  Some would say, ""no, the goal is to survive"".  Well yes, you can and must quickly do that or your colonists will die.  They need food, oxygen, water, and a place to sleep.  But that has to be accomplished within the fist 5 minutes of getting a base or these helpless colonists die.  After that?  Well this game turns into resource mining and management with a bit of supply chain upkeep.  The key is to not have too much or too little of anything.  Essentially it is very similar to the game ""Banished"" in that aspect.  You need to find the right ingredients to make this ""space souffle"" rise.  But once you have done that all you can do is just keep building.Games like this require a lot of game mechanics and buildings to keep them interesting.  The appeal tends to be in wanting to see what each new building does.  Sadly there are not enough.  You can get them all pretty quickly.  Oh you can unlock new buildings via trader ships, but they are just bigger versions of the buidings you already have thus giving you (or requiring) more supplies.  It tends to get a bit repetetive.  And it tends to happen pretty fast.  Emergencies are minor and an inconvenience more than anything.  The colony never evolves in some magical way.  The architecture never changes.  There are no discoveries.  No other colonies to find.  No new science.  You get the legos they give you and they only fit together in a very specific way if you want to have any fun.The game is complete for what it is worth.  But the devs have stepped out.  They left you in the kitchen alone to make your space souffle.  Well I did.  And it rose.  But I don't want to stick around anymore as I'm trying to find more satisfaction in a complete meal."
,Recommended,403190,28539529,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Clay,"I hadn't played this game in awhile so I forgot the controls. I loaded up one of my old colonies that was very well made. Then out of no where 3 armed gunmen decided to shoot up my colony. I hadn't yet relearned the controls to turn on colonial red alert so they ended up killing like 17 of my colonists before they were taken out. Well played gunmen, you waited for me, all this time, you waited...Overall though, this game is extremely well made. Eventually the game gets repetitive, but as do all city building games. This does have different planets to inhabit though, and it does a good job with the terrain around the area you land. Everytime offering a different plan of action. If you're looking for a long term city builder I don't think this would be for you, but if you like just creating a civilization and facing the challenges for a short time then yes this is for you.My main issue with the game is that it doesn't offer too many challenges too really face. Sure there's meteors and thunderstorms and such, but once you get your colony off to a good start they can easily repair and replace stuff. The buildings can't be upgraded or anything, everything you place just... stays there. It really gets boring, and makes me constantly create new colonies to start over again.I'd give it like a 7/10 since it can definitely improve."
76561197970615776,Recommended,403190,18696793,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,PT-Eclipse,"A great little base builder. Fun concepts, good graphics, good for about 20 hours of play. I'm reminded of Banished, but in space and a bit easier. I think this game is closer to a $10 game not a $20 unless they add the items below.Things I would like to see\ Things that would make me play again:More buildingsMore EconomyBetter HUD with air\water\energyMore worker typesLarger domes"
76561198026040938,Not Recommended,403190,23281368,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Jordash85,"May 29, 2016Has potential, Needs better AI, building interface, more control, less vagueness on things. Especially Food. Sims aren't reliable and walk away in the middle of what there doing even only when slightly hungry/thirsty, Making it difficult to get things done especially a critical times. The game seems to work against you in ways it shouldn't. Building distance seems a bit arbitrary. Would  be nice if the minimal distance left enough room for the larger versions of the building making it easier to replace and upgrade. Perhaps an upgrade option as well do you dont have to destoy(sometimes entire sections of a base) to upgrade it. Being able to set say biologist not to do other tasks like carry would also be nice. Food system needs alot of work, your entire food system can collapse because your biologist got distracted and fell behind just alittle and things just snowball downhill with no way to recover through even when no mistakes were made.Now the game is enjoyable overall but unfogiving with AI that likes to dogpile on small mistakes and no fine controls to course correct.8/5/2016Just to clear, at the time of this review, I did finish this game start to finish on the hardest planet without too much issue. Its shortcoming can be overcome once you figure them out. I have not touched the game since and have had no real desire to do so. So if $20 for 60ish hours of semi enjoyable gameplay is something your ok with, sure go for it.  There has been an update since although no significant gameplay changes were noted. As for the AI. I didn't mind the hands of management of the game, and I do like AI that doesn't just behave like robots, however the bad prioritization of their choices if things arn't pefect are often the complete opposite as you would expect a person to act. When a person refuses to work until they get food when its their job to make the food, that goes beyond game design choice, its a broken mechanic."
76561198072823646,Recommended,403190,32230091,Posted: 6 June,all,Villid,"This game can be a lot of fun. Poor management of food production and immigration can see everyone starve to death before you even realize what'g going on. A little more diversity in structures would be nice. Once you figure out the best buld order, the game get's pretty repetitve."
,Not Recommended,403190,32044575,Posted: 29 May,all,UtCanisACorio,"I had actually been looking forward to playing this game for a long time, but unfortunately in it's current form I can't recommend it.  The colonist AI is frustratingly unrealistic: the ability to prioritize is very limited in this game (you prioritze an entire structure and then have to disable individual equipment within it so that only certain equipment gets prioritized), and while you'd think that colonists (being human f'ing beings) would choose to eat *when there's food all over the place*, instead they incessantly mill about *even doing nothing at all* while they're hunger meter plummets. This game's AI is literally programmed for the colonists to *do nothing* rather than feed themselves. That of course has the consequence of potentially getting really far -- spending hours getting a base going -- only to have colonists drop like flies becasue they just decide to stop eating.  I've checked everything that makes sense: there are plenty of places to eat (though they'll sleep on the floor if there's no free bed, but won't sit on the floor to eat apparently), there is food all over the place waiting to be picked up, but they just stand there or mill about doing nothing.  /end_rantPros: graphics are OK, nice variety of buildings and colonist typesCons: AI is *horrible*; zero terrain variety (you're stuck on a mars-type planet seemingly forever until you somehow manage to thrive far enough to unlock the next planet type, which of course requires colonists to choose to eat rather than *literally allow themselves to starve to death while surrounded by food*); game speed has a max of 4X which still feels painfully slow; every time you start over, you have to sit and watch a pod of starter colonists land and disembark which is also painfully slow and can't be skipped; some equipment like beds and TVs can be very precisely located in rooms, while other equipment snaps to an invisible grid that doesn't always make sense (for instance, vending machines can only be very awkwardly positioned, and you're forced to place some of them in non-sensical arrangements); trade ships are ridiculously expensive to deal with (it seems random, but many times the markup is *65%*!!); did i mention the game is really slow even on its max speed setting?"
,Not Recommended,403190,18691826,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,LordLeeSLR,"Ok so I want to love this game I really do and its overall not a bad game I had fun playing it but in the end this game has little replay value and I'll go over each stage of the game and explain why it fails for me personally.EARLY GAMEThe early game is great, you have to really think about how to position your building and managing the starting resources that you get. You start getting your first colonist and start processing resouces while trying to not run out of food or power reserves. Overall a challenging but great early game.MID GAMEThe mid game is  awesome by far the best part. You start expanding out and ramping up production, increasing your population and getting more technologies. You start getting visitors and you get invaded for the first time and you start getting transmissions from ships and building lazers its awesome there is so much to do in the mid game.LATE GAMEThis is where the game falls apart for me. Once you get past the mid game and have built most of the buildings there is nothing new its just repeat the same set of buildings that you already have, its just about getting more population. Now if this was the only problem I would say its a good game just a weak late game but that's not the only late game problemDealing with late game storage is really annoying. Build too many plants and suddenly all of your storage is full  with starch and food with no good way of getting rid of it. I explain below why trading it all away screwed me over.The AI was already not great but in the late game when your base is huge the AI becomes infuriating to deal with.Example one : I had too many resouces and decided to trade away 200 bioplastic at once to a trader. BAD IDEA. It took my colonists so long to get in and out of the base that 60+ colonists died due to starvation. WTF. Maybe my base design sucked but the AI should priorities their lives over their current action.Example two:  Too many colonists enter a room and the oxygen gets all used up you would think the AI would make them leave so they dont die but no they just stay and die :/Different planets dont really do much except increase the early game difficulty. Map size is also limited, its really large but its not like you can build across the whole planet.Trading and visitors are basically useless in the late game you so many resources and money from visitors that trading ships are only good for getting technologies and vistors have no value at all.Also took over 3 hours to finally get a trading ship with the last technology I needed to finish the get all technologies milestone WTF I actually thought that the game was bugged at one point I spent hours just dismissing trading shipping and adding on starports to get more trading ships.FINAL THOUGHTSOverall it reminds me alot of banished, its fun to play through it once but after that there isn't much left to do thats new. Early and mid game are amazing I had a ton of fun playing these and if you are ok with this then go for it. Late game combined with a poor AI kinda ruined it for me but at 20 bucks I definitely got my moneys worth I just probably wouldn't recommend it to someone in its current state. That being said it has a ton of potential and I hope it continues to improve. Thanks :)EDITAs some of the comments show I didn't explain well the overall value of the game.Is this game worth the price? YES it is, it has some fun moments and is worth the priceIs this game worth putting a lot of hours into it? NO, this is why I don't recommend it.If the updates keep coming as they have been and the game improves I will gladly update the reveiw when it is in a state that I feel is good. Thanks :)"
,Not Recommended,403190,32491289,Posted: 16 June,all,SegwaySteve,"It is with great sorrow that I finally write a review where I can't recommend this game. I wanted it to be amazing so badly...and...honest, in my last colony it was...until everybody came down with cabin fever or something and none of the colonists would move anymore. I had to watch 57 of my finest colonists die of starvation. Meanwhile I had enough vegetation and vitrimeat to feed double that population. I'll gladly show you screenshots of this phenomenon. A large Bio Dome was maxed out on stacked food units, and all of the AI stood still until starvation or dehydration took them. There were even colonists standing right next to meals. Even my trusty robots eventually quit moving.I don't think this was a game mechanic...because right up until this point I was doing excellent. Status on everything was green, then everybody began dying. Oddly enough, even trader, colonist, visitor ships discontinued arriving with everything open on my platforms.This was a really fun game to play while passing the time/watching YouTube videos...but...I haven't seen the AI improve since I first bought this game a week after release...and that AI is why I don't have more hours in this game.This had potential of being a truly great and memorable resource management game...but...the AI rekt it in the end. Sorry to see it end this way."
,Recommended,403190,18534093,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Ryan Dorkoski,"Totally reminiscent of the greatBanishedin the sense that you manage a colony without focusing on any kind of battle.What on the surface looks like a 'zen' city-builder is actually anything but - it is quite a difficult struggle meeting the goals the game puts before you. There are dangers of starvation, lack of oxygen, and sandstorms that can wipe out your colony. What seperates it slightly fromBanished(apart from the mars-ish planet setting of course) is that there are concrete goals that lead to unlocking a total of three playable planets. The music and ambience are really good here. Graphics are nice and can run on really any machine.One thing I want to say upfront, regarding several top negative reviews of this game: some say it becomes very easy after 30 minutes or more. I havedefinatelynot found that to be my case. After 8 hours our group is still struggling to even complete the 4th milestone event (out of 10) on the first planet. Maybe we are bad at it, but I don't think so.Pros:+Has that really fun addicting quality of base-building without the combat thatBanishedreally brought to the table+Great graphics and ambience that can look great on a gaming rig, yet still be totally playable on a work laptop+Puts goals before you, unlikeBanished, which really helps drive the game forward.+Really good tutorial.+Price is definately worth it - I will certainly get 20 hours out of it easily without trying+Steam Controller works great with it - it was one of the first games I tried :D+Lots of options and fairly deep city-building strategy (I love city-building or dwarf management sims, so I tend to try them all)+I find lots of difficutly here.Cons:-Really should be able to manually rotate buildings. At the moment the 'computer' makes the decision of which angle is 'best' for you. Apparently you can delete and re-plop, but why not just have a rotate key?-The ratio of human size to building size is way off. It becomes super apparent when you look through a video camera in one of your buildings - the humans look giant! It breaks the reality-fantasy barrier a bit (for lack of better words).-The camera angle options could really use some more flexibility - why can't I look up at the sky?! Such a beautiful atmosphere, and I want to experience more of it. I also want to get even closer on the groud to see people working!-You should be able to skip that initial landing animation.-Right click should also serve as the 'back' button in menus.Overall, this is totally a city-builder that should be in your library if you like that kind of game. Its worth full price, even."
76561198056086310,Recommended,403190,19355813,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Princess Amethyst Spell,"This is a good game I must agree, you don't see many games like this now a days but there are ups and downs and I will only list the important ones:PROSThe game in generalIt is a nice game and it works pretty fluently.Music and SceneryThe music is very calming and happy, it also makes you feel like you're not actually alone and the scenery is just amazing in general.Realistic FutureOf all games, this one makes the most sense in terms of our future technology, not too old but not to advanced.CONSPower Production and StorageDispite me having lots of solar panels and wind turbines, they never seem to make enough power, mainly because the start of the game provides longish days and lots of wind whereas later in the game, it's the complete opposite and it always kills everyone of my colonists off.Resource ProductionFor some reason, I never have enough metal even if I have 2 or more mines and my workers rarely work on anything like the metal making thing (I forgot the name of it), causing me to be unable to build or make anything else which quickly brings down my welfare so no one else will come to help.Spawnzones and DifficultyThis is a big one. I have, on multiple occasions, started a new game and ended up spawning in a small space that leaves me unable to even being basic building procedures. Also, the difficulty doesn't really suit the first planet because I have tried countless times to make a good base but I can never do that, and I'm only on the first planet! I can even get to the other planets because it is so difficult!All in all, this is a good game but needs some small places seriously fixed up. I'm sure I would not be the only one who would be glad if these sorts of problems are fixed up. Also, a sandbox like mode would also be nice, ya know, for when people like me just want to play this game calmly rather than raging over the fact that they've run out of Spares."
76561198044486396,Not Recommended,403190,30226298,Posted: 27 February,all,Metebacsi,"In short:You can barely interact with anything. There is not enough content. Haven't noticed any update. The game is way too simple. Once you complete the initial tutorial the game has nothing more to offer.How do I spend most of the game time?- The speed of the game is almost always at maximum, yet still have the bored feeling of having to wait for way too long (half an hour?!) for anything to happen.- Turning on or off structures to reduce electricity usage.- I can even ignore emergencies as I can't really interact with them and a redundantly built base just survives anything.- Counting the pixels between dorm room bunk beds when placing them in order to be able to achieve 100% bunk bed count per dorm room - pretty annoying and boring.- Interface for colonist hiring should have a disable colonist type option as I have been setting one type to 100% so many times to avoid random spawning, it would be easier to block the ones that I don't need actually.- Sometimes I want to see the base, but can't. The camera is way too restricted. You can only have a hint of the nice sky above your planet as the game doesn't let you to change the view angle at all.How are the challenge missions?They turned off most of the game features and made you wait even more. The challenge is about patiently waiting to stockpile the resource needed to win. Very boring.How is building?Way too restrictive. You can't have separate bases on the same map, it has to be a single supercomplex. Half of the buildings can have only one entrance - otherwise will loose its purpose - making layout planning too annoying. Also buildings have to have a giant gap - distance between buildings is very restricted, taking any creativity out of the layout planning. The variety of buildings are way too low, some of them are even redundantly useless as the 2 types of recreational rooms can be substituted by the tv in a diner.AI bug for biologists:Biologists are not prioritized during starvation, making it a chain reaction. So if you don't have enough biologists or a meteor hits them and don't act fast by hiring biologists before the stockpiled food runs out, your entire colony dies out slowly, you wont be able to hire new colony members (biologists) once the starvation hits in as low morale prevents colonist ships from landing - in the meanwhile the few remaining biologists will work on producing food for others until they stupidly starve to death. Trading for food might save you if it's not a megabase over 100 colonists, but ironically trading ships always randomly don't bring the stuff you might need - there is no option to call for help or anything.Trading?The way trading works is just highly unprobable. In a real world scenario a trader wouldn't land on your planet unless he is absolutely sure that you will trade with him. They just land with a bunch of useless material so many times and its about WAITING for the right trader to come. Or spending your resources on another landing pad, so you can WAIT LESS.The game is terribly overpriced. I would only recommend it to anyone under 1$.You can get AAA games with 100000x more content for less.Room for improvement?Certainly yes, the core idea is great. Is there any developer reading these?- different weapon types (machinegun, flamethrower) that can only be used by professional soldiers- native Aliens on the planet randomly attacking you in lategame would give a thrill; they could even enter the base via creating an opening on any room with their acid and leaking oxygen from that room until you repair it.- points of interests on the planet that you have to visit with your ships, kill aliens or humans, claim loot, level up, etc- raid/attack/capture/enslave other colonies, interact with other colonies, setup regular trades with other colonies- campaign of conquering hostile planets with multiple bases to support establishing colonies on more hostile environments (ex: trading with your own other colonies go at a better rate, you can get limited stuff for half of the price, etc)- buildings that regulate heat of very cool or hot planets giving a new dimension of problems to be solved...- terraforming tools/buildings to actually have a GOAL, making the planet hospitable- buildings that are for glory should attract better paying visitors- recreational buildings should attract better paying visitors- new luxury buildings for even better paying visitors- underground buildings to be protected from meteors & save space and more creative base building- direct orders for people or first person control of them (fight intruders in first person)- different mineable/tradeable minerals- trader ship building & managing your own traders- more needs for colonists (ex: bladder - fixed by bathroom, social - fixed by chatroom talk with relatives on home planet, etc...)- unusable bot recycling to save all those precious materials- more bot types to eventually replace all colonist functionality (biologist, medic, combat & mechanical robots)- ability to order colonists for money- have traders with better prices time to time as they are extremely overpriced- being able to sell bots to traders, this one is pretty much the most annoying thing that you can only buy them at ridiculous price but can't sell them at all... what?! no trader wants a droid?! are you serious or just trying to annoy the hell out of your players?Music:Some people complain about the music - I actually do enjoyed the music a lot, but I ended up turning it off as it is a neverending repetition. But this is a minor thing, I don't expect games to have complete OST's, anyone can put on some background music for their own liking...In overall I'm very sad that a good idea is sinking in the toilet for the lack of content.And yeah, it has decent graphics - that doesn't help being the game terribly boring."
76561198332204330,Not Recommended,403190,34579615,Posted: 29 August,all,Nikit A Baronenkov,"Played about five hours,and what can I say....It's a dull game ,unworthy of their money.The arguments given below.Let's start with the cons:-Very stupid AI of the colonists.-Monotonous gameplay,after four or five ""days in the game,""you have everything you need to maintain the life of the colonists,there are no new buildings on new planets.There is no variety in the event types:solar radiation and drop of any merchant with the goods.-The lack of any logic:your colonists arrive on a primitive trigger device ,when merchants freely take off and fly away.pros:-Good graphics-Good soundThe first thirty minutes of wonderingThe pros on this game to endThe potential of the games are great,but lazy developers don't want to work on the game.Please pay attention to this review."
76561198039613744,Not Recommended,403190,25082783,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Sven Jorgenson,"Leaves you wanting more for the price.I greatly enjoy city builders, resource management, and survival games; so I tried out Planetbase. It is a fun game and I enjoyed my first few hours with it immensely. It looks polished with storms blowing dust clouds and snow, lightning striking on some planets, lasers shooting down asteroids, and it has a great UI.However, after the first few hours, some issues did stand out to me. The AI are not the smartest, and the lack of ability to control individual units gets frustrating as your base grows. Even with the ability to prioritize tasks, I still found ai not responding dynamically to updates I made to the base. This leads to annoying inefficiencies such as a unit carrying a resource to a building you canceled construction on, only for that unit to then leave the resource outside and return in, requiring yet another unit to repeat the route to retrieve it. This wastes resources(as the units get hungry/tired) and time. It wouldn't be a big issue if it didn't happen so frequently. After a base gets above 30 population, you see the AI start to do the most inefficient routes and tasks very often. I also found that in the mid to late game, after having successfully built a sustainable base, I would want to fast forward time to accrue some resources needed to continue my base expansion, but even the fastest setting left me sitting for many minutes wishing there was an even faster button to get on to what I wanted to do next.My biggest critique though is the lack of content and game mechanics for the price. I constructed all the buildings in 4 to 5 hours and figured out a basic rule to expanding the base. Once I had done that, the game became pretty monotonous. Once you figure out your economies of scale, it becomes an exercie of repeating that design over and over until you've maxed out your population and achieved all of the milestones. It is essentially the same process and base design on all planets with a minor twist here and there.For example, you do the same process on Enceladus that you did on Mars, except with a different mixture of power sources and more frequent storms. This does add a new challenge, but for me it just wasn't enough. It took me a little bit longer to figure out how to deal with the new wind and sun condiditons but then was the same rinse and repeat base layout once it was solved.The most enjoyable planet is the last one, which is the Titan analog (no spoilers), and I argue that it was due to the addition of a new building and with limited building space, and thus an increase in strategy and the game's power management mechanics. In summary, I had fun, but just wanted more. I wanted more strategies available to me, more buildings, more ways to expand my base and have my units and structures interact. More control over my units and more things to trade in the economy.I've played 14 hours of Planetbase and am pretty much done with all of the content this game has to offer. I've unlocked all planets, and achieved most, if not all, of the milestones on them, have played a few challenges (which also get repetitive in strategy and leave me wanting a faster speed button), and am done with the game for now. When I compare its price to the content and the hours of play, I feel that it falls short compared to others. For example, Factorio is in the same genre, same price tag, and I have over 50 hours of very enjoyable gameplay and haven't even scratched the surface of that game's content.In summary, Planetbase is a pretty game that is fun for a few hours, but soon devolves into repetition due to a lack of diversity in strategies and challenges, and just not enough content that makes it not quite worth the price."
76561198131889705,Recommended,403190,32777249,Posted: 25 June,all,timeddilation,"Reading others' reviews, I can say a lot of them are just frustrated with the strategizing aspect of the game. In my first day of playing, I got up to 220 colonists, before everyone started dying of malnutrition. That is one of the more difficult aspects of the game. This is a real strategy game, fairly difficult, and that's what will keep me playing. That being said, I think the devs can add more to help manage certain aspects of the game (like food). If there was a way to force variety in the food, instead of influencing it, that would make a huge difference. Also, hot keys for recycling things, quick placement of multiple machines and other interiors, and other quality of life enhancements would make a BIG difference. Currently, there's a lot of clicking to get things done. Playing a lot of Factorio, where QoL features make the game really ejoyable at large-scale, this game could use more of that."
76561198000566781,Recommended,403190,33388407,Posted: 8 July,all,manitcor,"This game is not entirely what it seems on its surface. I see a lot of players around the 25 hour mark calling the game garbage due to colonists not eating. Having read those and some other reviews I decided to charge ahead past the 25 hour mark and took the death of my 160+ colony by starvation not as the games fault but my own.There are supply chains for everything including the food and they must be fulfilled or the consumers of those supply chains will starve. For most chains in the game this can be irritating (production of spares or processors is too slow) but in some cases such as the food and O2 supply chain things can get deadly quickly.In the case of the food supply chain; Food stocks alone are not enough to feed your colonists. Colonists do not eat raw vita-meat and veggies, these must be prepared into meals. In early game it is perfectly fine for a colonist to grab the veggies and meat from a nearby storage and put them into the preparer and wait for the machine to be complete however as your colony grows in number and size this becomes to costly of a process for any given single colonist and can result in some folks going to bed hungry particularly if you do not have enough machines and/or your food storage is too far from the canteen.To deal with this first take advantage of the meal processors, they do not just process but STORE ready-to-eat meals. Have enough processors so that the completed meals on hand at any given time is at least 1/2 of your population. Second keeps those machines stocked AT ALL TIMES. Colonists cannot do this as the colony grows they have many other jobs so have little time to move material. Get a robot factory going as soon as you can (this can be a pain) and focus on building as many carrier robots as possible. Ideally have at least 2/3 as many carriers as you do colonists. If you notice 5-10 carriers idling with little to do then you finally have enough. This ensures all carry duties are handled by robots. Be sure you have enough robots so they can handle trade too, taking colonists off task to carry things is really the biggest killer of your colony.The game is not without bugs and I would like a bit more instrumentation and prioritization options esp. with regards to storage which is likely my biggest complaint; prioritizing storage/retrieval of items based upon relative distance of the consumer or producer is simple and effective but produces some pain such as having to draw down food or metal stocks lower than desired to clear local stores without rebuilding or a long period of having a disabled local storage structure can be painful and risky. A simple whitelist/blacklist filter along with the distance prioritization would go a long way to making this better and storage would be much less of a pain. Also when I disable a structure I would like it to be cleared out more quickly. It should not take a week when I have idle carriers.Overall I think this is a well made base building game with some interesting mechanics and shows surprising nuance in an overall simple interface. I have certainly gotten enough time out of it to call the game worth it.My biggest tip to new players, the pace is hectic until you get to self-sustained. After that, SLOW DOWN and think about what you need. Chances are you are failing by expanding prior to having all the infrastructure in place."
76561197961990268,Not Recommended,403190,18575861,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Byshop,"I don't often leave reviews, but at this point I really had to.  I was very excited about this game.  I absolutely adore resource management games and civ simulations.  I've played for a few hours, starting over dozens of times, trying to find that perfect build that will get my colony seed going.  I love that it's difficult and your decisions matter.Then it happens.  Maybe an hour into a map, and the AI just gives up.  Out of my 7 starting colonists, 6 of them are hungry.  There's piles of unprocessed food in the storage building waiting to go into the processor, and no one will move it.  ONE lonely engineer will stop what he's doing, grab some veggies or meat and takes them to the machine for himself.  He eats, and then goes back to his tasks.There is no way to schedule or rank work.  (The max build queue is kind of a joke.)  There is no way to manually assign tasks or override a colonists broken path.  A sandstorm hits, and I have a colonist that walks out side and just stands there in it for no reason.   My bots finally broke down.  One engineer walks right by, and the other is standing right next to it, but refuses to attempt repairs.  I have piles of spare parts and materials waiting to be used.If a game doesn't have a strong AI to actually simulate well, it needs to allow for granular manual control.  This does not.  Once you've reached an equilibrium the game just stops working.  I love difficult and challenging games.  This isn't a challenge, this is an infinite loop of broken.  All in all it's a very simple game that had the promises of complexity, but failed to deliver.   I would say the AI is a joke, but there would actually have to be an AI to rate.Do yourself a favor, give this one a pass."
76561198038457420,Not Recommended,403190,19765135,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,tedleimbach,They say it is a complete game but it feels like it is about 1/3 complete.  Some of the buildings are medium but there is no upgrade.  There are only three planets which aren't that different.  I liked playing it thinking when the developers finished it  that it would be a lot of fun.  The AI controlling the colonists and robots is awful.When it goes to $5 it might be worth it.
76561197994358367,Recommended,403190,23474783,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Loopeey,"A very difficult game. After 5 attemps at stabalizing an economy i was finally able to to complete one planet and move to the next, needless to say the other was more difficult.This is a very addictive game if you dont give up and you will want to build until you have over 500 people in your civilization, i currently have nearly 400 people on the ice planet which is the most ive had so far and can get over 500 i reckon.Overall a well made and balanced game that will give you basic knowlegde on planning, crowd control, and how economies work that isnt too complex once you get the hang of it.Really worth the money!"
76561198030055854,Recommended,403190,25200705,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,vikashb,"I love this game, so far its the only game that i took the time to get all the achievements. This game is a challange especially early on. A bad decision has conseqences.Pros:Challanging yet manageableCommunity ChallangesVery good tutorialOpen ended game playSimple yet functional gameplayCons:Too few planet typesNo building upgradesAI needs improvement"
,Recommended,403190,28813844,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,VeX,"A lot of the negative reviews are from frustrated players who were expecting a different ""feel"" to this game. I'll go over why the AI isn't as bad as some people make it out to be and who the game will apeal to.If you're into space survival and early planetary colonization, just buy it if the price appeals to you. It's not a long-term game, meaning you probably won't play it for months on end, but the level of enjoyment you get from it is definely worth the money.This is the kind of game you play on a long weekend, or two. Don't cram playing it into your 1-hour minute lunch break. Not only will time fly while playing it, but you need to approach this game with a certain pace to enjoy what it has to throw at you. If you speed rush it you'll end up losing your entire colony for silly reasons that may ruin future playthroughs for you. Take it slowly, don't build everything in one day without testing your base through various weather and events.If you're a veteran of hardcore simulators, this game will be a piece of cake, but that doesn't mean you won't enjoy it. Just take a different approach when playing it.Now about the AI. A lot of people complain that the AI is unintelligent. While I agree that it isn't the most intelligent AI around, I will admit that it is a complete AI. It's complete in the sense that it is predictable/manageable (it won't randomly do stupid things), and you can easily avoid putting yourself in a situation where the ""bad"" AI will make you lose the game. Take things one step at a time. Don't plan out three construction projects when it's vital that a particular structure be built first, and most importantly don't underestimate your colonist's happiness. If ignored, they will go into some sort of severe depression where they will stop tending the veggies and end up killing themselves. I'll defend the AI by saying that this behavior exists in real life and is studied in psychology. Living far from Earth can do crazy things to you.TLDR: Very enjoyable, not something you will play for months though you will definitely get your moneys worth. Buy it if you want more than a binary simulator. Immerse yourself in the colony you build. Don't expect the AI to do much for you. The colonists aren't the smartest, but they are very manageable."
76561198079336898,Not Recommended,403190,31330480,Posted: 23 April,all,Donuts StrongJaw,"At first glance, Planetbase looks something like Banished with a sci-fi skin and some novel expansions of that game's mechanics. The gameplay cycle of exploit -> expand -> stabilize -> repeat is still present, with some additional needs to make the balancing act more dynamic. Your colonists can suffer and die in all sorts of various ways, which gives you a lot to deal with in the beginning before overriding concerns about pathing take over. The starting 30 minutes are probably the most important in the entire game, for a variety of (mostly bad) reasons.You cannot do any pre-planning whatsoever. There is no option to pause the game and organize a layout, or to zone for future developments. The priority system is finicky and, at best, you can only tell your colonists which buildings to construct first - they'll get to all the plots as soon as they can otherwise. You don't really have time to futureproof your colony by leaving enough space for upgraded buildings (more on placement issues later) or new improvements when your colonists are all suffocating. This is evidently an intentional design choice.You can only have one actual ""base."" Everything else must be connected to your initial constructions. So, if you choose the wrong spot and accidentally box yourself in to a canyon or other part of the map that is full of chokepoints, too bad. Connectivity requirements in general make redesigning anything a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥ If you want to upgrade a central building, you'd best hope that you can connect everything else that's connected to it to another part of the base. Otherwise, you'll have to delete all of the unconnectable buildings before you can destroy the plot you want.You'll need to do a lot of redesigning, too, especially if you're shooting for aesthetics. There is no gridded layout or any alignment tools, and it seems that most building interiors are aligned randomly when you try to place them. Worse than that, you're not allowed to build anything within a certain distance of another building. There is no visual representation of this forbidden space, either when you're placing a building or when you're trying to place another building near buildings. At best, you wiggle your mouse around until the plot turns green. The lack of transparency regarding this mechanic makes it much harder to optimally space your base out for no apparent reason.Taken together, these three ""mechanics"" make designing your base an exercise in frustration. You cannot pause the game to plan your crucial starting layout beyond a rough sketch, you can't build a seperate, ""better"" base when you've reached self-sufficiency, and you can't easily retrofit old parts of the base either. Most of the ""challenge"" come from fighting the construction rules or poor colonist pathing.The UI itself leaves a lot to be desired as well. Buildings are hidden behind two menus, and lots of basic info like demographics and welfare aren't immediately visible. The game doesn't tell you, at a glance, how many of the resources you have are being used; it just gives you a ballpark indication that you're running close to empty. Items in storage are represented by icons, not numbers, so you have to count them. You cannot see colonist pathing. Ever. You cannot assign multiple levels of priority.Overall, Planetbase's user unfriendliness makes it hard to recommend."
76561198035286134,Recommended,403190,18832481,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Mr. Humble,"Overall I find this game reasonably enjoyable to play. I want to love it, but it's not quite there. The early game is chalenging, the mid game is interesting and satisfying... ...but the late game is tedious and frustrating.While the game does provide a great 'Max Build' option for production what is desperately needed is a 'Min Build'. Far too many times I've had bases colapse due to the AI not producing some key thing that is absolutely NEEDED for survival while workers/engineers/biologists blithely ignore performing whatever function is required of them. I've tried raising priority on the appropriate room, shutting down every other option for them and still they just refuse to do what is necessary. Then they all die.Another thing that needs attention in a future upgrade is some way of determining just why some of the people are not happy. It is fine and well to see that some of them are unhappy, but if you don't know why it becomes very difficult to fix the problem. It is unsatisfying when you do everything available to make people happy and they just stay unhappy.Overall, the playing of the game is quite fun. Thankfully it's not too expensive and it is, theoretically, possible to win. While the AI could use some polishing and there are times when you feel like there seems to be just one secret formula for success I would recommend this game with one caeat: Don't expect too much from this little game or you will be frustrated."
76561198154127858,Recommended,403190,33934553,Posted: 31 July,all,btayl,"Pros:- looks nice- few bugs (from what I've found)- good setting- can be challenging, but sometimes the challenge presented can be due to poor colonist AI (continue reading)- good mechanics-decent variaty in planets (plus one moon)Cons:- poor colonist AI can cause unnecessary challenge, for example, a recent loss in energy has caused all of your airlocks to loose power and thus they can't be used, and a team of workers leaving the mines tries to use a nearby airlock, but it doesn't have power so they go to another airlock, it doesn't have power, so they go to another airlock, and so they start to leave. But just as they leave the power comes back on, but do they go back to the airlock? No! they just try to enter another one on the way there but die due to running out of oxygen, and so you loose however many workers were in that team. I reccomend improving colonist AI.- lack of filters for storage rooms, lets say you want a storage room dedicated towards storing ore because the metal processers are near it, but because a bio dome is closer to it, the colonist will put food into it, and either put ore into a storage room further away from the processers, thus making production time for metal take longer, or they'll just leave the ore outside next to the mines, having the same result, and also possibly loosing some ore because of it being exposed to the outside elements. Adding filters would be great.- Not being able to create schedules for you colonist, not terrible, but it would be nice to set what hours your colonist will have to work, and when they'll get to relax.Suggestions:- adding a rover building, rovers would allow colonist to drive towards their destination when leaving the base, rather than  having to walk the whole way, and possibly dying due to running out of oxygen, the rover would be much faster than a colonist, and to use them you would have to build a rover bay, which would sort of be like a hybrid between an airlock and a production building becuase your rovers would leave using the rover bay. Rovers would cost 2 metal, 2 bioplastic, and 2 semiconducters. Like bots you can buy them from traders or build them, and also like bots they need to be maintained, but unlike bots they don't have a limited lifespan and can only be destroyed by either a lighting bolt, a solar flare, or by a meteorite.- add meteor showers, they would be VERY RARE, because during these loads of meteors would be crashing down, but would be very spread out, however they would be even less common on frozen worlds due to the dense atmosphere, but more likely on moons due to the lack of an atmosphere.- a little bit of a background story, maybe saying what year it is, stuff about the planetbase corporation (if you don't know in the challenges it's refrenced that the people setting up the colonies is a corporation called planetbase) and stuff about earth and why people are going out on missions to space to colonize hostile worlds where they will likely die (just a suggestion, and not at all necessary.)- colonist interacting with each other, I don't know if it's just me but not once have I seen colonist talking to each other."
76561198020981093,Not Recommended,403190,18536086,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Sprox,"Let me first say, I've given the game a solid shot, and I am very sad that I have to give it a no.The biggest issue comes from the game's AI, which is always an uphill battle. There is no sort of cross training, no ability to move individual colonists to specific tasks, and in turn, it results in a lot of bases dying off. A lot of times, the colonists get stuck or won't focus on a task that you need to make sure they don't all die.The second issue ties in with this, in that the game starts off expecting you to build everything at once. You can very easily lose your first night on the planet if things do not get built in a certain time frame, and that leads to a mad scramble where if you're neurotic about base planning, winds up being a mess.I really think the develoeprs need to take another look at this game, and work on the pathing and priorities system for the AI, and to rethink the day 1 experience a little.I've been having a big mix of fun and utter frustration, and would say don't buy this unless it is on sale for very cheap."
,Recommended,403190,18598663,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,MonsterTM,"I rarely say this but. My money was well spent. And i really meen that. So lets break it down real simply,  3 planets to pick from, one base to build on each. Make power, make food, produce materials, make bigger buildings, get peeps. Repeat. That may sound boring, but HO HO HO, trust me it isnt, i havnt played a intense ""city"" building game like this in quite a while. You got to manage your resources sparingly, because the game will not give you pity from the meteor strikes.. the sand storms... and the solar flare that will kill anyway who dares to go outside, because ya know... radiation is a B****. Anywoot. Very fun, played around 20 ish hours, would play more if and when they deceide to add more stuff in it.9/10if you like strat games, you get diz ^-^"
76561197985704021,Not Recommended,403190,25626055,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,kalli,"While the game was enjoyable and challenging as you try to balance growth, food, resources and goals it has one glaring flaw.  If you end up in a small constrained valley, there are no tools to allow you to edit terrain in a way that allows you to build beyond the claustrophobic limitations of your starting location.  In essence, if you don't have the ideal starting location, kill the game and start again.  How a game like this can be released without a way to level terrain is unacceptable.  Apparently we can build space ships, but not bulldozers."
76561198056307922,Recommended,403190,18575048,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Kyle Reese,"[UPDATED] Right from the start, let me say Planetbase is a mixed bag of mostly very good with some bad mixed in. In lieu of an explanation, here comes a list:Pros:1) Challenging and balanced survival/builder game. Enough elements for sufficient complexity, not overwhelming2) Beautiful  and surprisingly engrossing atmospheric game, both in concept and graphics. For a game with no storyline, you will feel attached to your colony.3) Has a sort of ""one more building"" hook, similar to ""one more turn"" games. Each time you get your colony self-sufficient, you will have to risk failure by expanding. There is a balancing act to everything you do: new buildings mean more power, air, water consumption, which in turn means needing new staff, which in turn means...4) If you've ever played ""Banished,"" this is basically the space version. If you liked that, you will love this. Entails the best elements of strategy/city building games with a fun concept.5) (Was initially a con) AI has been greatly improved and there is a much more intuitive priority system now. This point serves as a double credit since the DEVs have to be credited for promplty responding to concerns.Cons:1) Limited replay value: Once you have learned the nuances of the AI, the game feels a bit limited. You'll spend a lot of hours trying and failing; once you figure out how to succeed, there are not enough elements to keep you wanting more. (all other criticisms stem from this)2) There are only 3 planets to colonize and the Devs don't seem interested in adding more. So much potential...3) Some things that would seem essential to space colonization are missing. Things like ""heaters,"" ""bathrooms,"" ""security checkpoints,' ""radar,"" ""vehicle construction,"" ""marriage and children,"" ""schools/retraining facilities"" etc. could add more spice/challenge, yet not present.Bottom line:If you like the genre you will love this. If you're not specifically into the genre, you may still like it because it's fun.  Definitely expect around 10 hours of fresh fun. After that, it remains to be seen how much content is added."
76561197970658884,Recommended,403190,26610048,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,jpinard,I really appreicate this game.  If you want a calm laid back experience this is a wonderful title.  It would be great if the developers could add some more end-game scenario stuff once you hit 80+ people.  Once can almost never go wrong and there's not much to do except expand to try and hit 300 (which feels a tad outlandish in some scenarios).  So I heartily recommend this game to everyone as long as you set your expectations properly.Graphics = GreatSound Effects = GreatMusic = Great
,Recommended,403190,26199161,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,constantcompile,"Great fun, but you may need to consult guides for important info that the game doesn't tell you.Many of the complaints for this game revolve around a single weak point in its design - communication of core concepts to the player.I'm dating myself here, but if you ever played the RTS Lego Rock Raiders, you'll remember that game allowed you to reorder the prioritization of tasks; you could tell your units to only clear rubble if nothing else needed doing, or make it the top priority.An order of priorities is programmed into Planetbase, but it isn't communicated to you at all. Construction is generally given priority over manufacturing, for example. That means your sick bay could be overflowing with injured workers, but your medics won't make med kits until all of those beds you queued up have been built. Ditto with engineers, who won't manufacture semiconductors or weapons if you have solar panels awaiting steel components. (It seems Spares have been patched, and are now an exception - I've seen a colonist carrying steel turn 180 degrees and beeline to the factory when Spares ran out).There are other details too, like the ideal ratio of food pad types to generate certain recipes, that are immensely helpful to know but never given. (A redditor made a very useful spreadsheethere.)Now, that's not to say Planetbase is Europa Universalis - I earned all of the achievements in about 85 hours, with only a cumulative hour or two spent consulting guides when I felt stuck. Investigation is necessary, but not excessive.All that said, this is a wonderfully fine-tuned game. Its core challenge is to expand your colony at a rapid pace while ensuring that sufficient amounts of resources are always being generated - this means planning ahead in constructing your layout, laying groundwork in infrastructure before building, monitoring consumption of different items, and occasionally micromanaging your power grid in order to prevent blackouts. It may also mean pausing expansion from time to time, to give your medics and engineers access to components that would otherwise be consumed by construction. The game has its quirks, but as with many games like it, part of the fun is in teasing out the details and coming to know the mechanics.Planetbase is, I think, probably the best all-around colony-building game I've played - more modern than Majesty or Rock Raiders, and more accessible than Dwarf Fortress or Banished. Frankly, even with the bit of digging you'll have to do to learn its ins-and-outs, the learning curve is probably less severe than any of the games in that list.There's a lot to love in Planetbase. Recommended."
,Recommended,403190,22657982,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Emerald Siren (Khalei),"I love simulation games. They are my crack. That being said, yes I recommend this game. Strongly so. It is very well put together and everything that happens within the game makes sense and can be easily tracked and managed once you adjust to the controls. It's not perfect and does have a few things that I'd like to see, but it's perfectly playable and very enjoyable. I've barely been able to put it down since I've bought it.It can be fairly unforgiving at times, but you can always find the cause to what happened. One of those things being power management. A few days without wind can really screw you if you don't plan for it. So, plan for it. :3One of my favorite features, which really has no affect on gameplay, is when you are starting a new game on a planet, you can drag the reticle around and select the position on the planet you want to start at.- Pros -A tutorial which does a great job explaining the basic features of the gameBeing one of the few Sci-Fi City BuildersLevel of Realisim and detail ranging from planet dependant weather to armed intrudersHow cool your city looks when you look at it -ShivaDoesn't take a lot of space or resources to runTrue to the Survival genre, making you feel like you accomplished something just survivingMultiple planets, each presenting their own challenges- Cons -The full controls list and volume controls are only accessible in the main menu when you boot the gameKnowing where the ""invisible wall"" is in the game is not very intuitiveNo pause button - There are times I just want to stop and think about what's going onNo ability to name your saves and every time you manually save, it saves in sequence in a new save, every time (i.e. save1, save2, save3, etc.)If you love Banished, you'll love this game. It feels very similar. (Alternatively, if you like this game and haven't played Banished, you totally should)"
,Recommended,403190,23792351,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,■́͢͠͞͏■͏̶̛͟■͢͠,"sci-fi-""Banished""!"
76561198053470122,Not Recommended,403190,25680195,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,MJohnH,"Fun but flawed.I've enjoyed playing this game. The graphics are fine and the ideas behind the game are good. The game has a a good balance between supply and demand. You need to keep a careful eye on electricity, water and resource supply while trying to build up a base that keeps your colonists happy and ends up producing a surplus of produced goods to trade. Unfortunately, the game is seriously flawed as it stands.The biggest problem lies around the lack of control you have over things, apart from deciding where to place structures and how big they should be. You have no control over the behavior of the colonists.Clicking on a colonist brings up an information pane about them. This is a good idea, and reminds me of the information you see about citizens in Cities in Motion, except that the information is nowhere near as detailed.Morale, for instance, may be low but no indication is given as to why.The built in AI ( on which you depend) is very poor. I had a failing colony that offered some insight into how the AI worked.I had a Sick Bay that was overflowing with colonists who had broken bones. There was a Lab, marked as high priority, in which medical supplies could be made. In that situation, I would expect the medic to go directly to the lab, create the medical supplies and then go to the lab and do what medics do. Instead the movements of the medic appeared to be almost at random.People starvedbeforethe food ran out.Giving colonists specializations is a good idea but they should still be able to do other jobs, at a reduced efficiency.Even with a large, thriving colony, it was noticeable that machinery was idle for much of the time.This has the potential to be an excellent game but the issues around the control of colonists need to be addressed before that can happen."
,Not Recommended,403190,24413896,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,-V-,"While enjoyable, I cannot strongly recommend Planetbase any more than I can strongly criticize it.  I'd give it a C.I began following Planetbase in EA, but waited until the full release to purchase it.  This game is lacking in content, but has very well thought out microsystems.  It's got amazing graphics, wasted on tiny models.  Poor combos, likely the result of asking the internet for its opinion.  The entire game is very derivative, with little bits and pieces from other games of the same genre mashed together in a poor remix.  I'd say that there there is no plot or story, but the developers added in some ""Challenges"" ex post facto.  Thankfully, there have been very few updates since full release, so the game is quite stable.There are 4 planets to colonize, each with identical goals and buildings, but varying starting supplies.  The most ""original"" mechanic of the game adds a lovely bit of puzzle:  Your colony grows almost like a bacteria, where every ""cell"" must be connected to another, creating a single, interconnected organism.  The lack of content continues as your colonists get bored-- there's nothing for them to do outside working, exercising, and drinking.  You, the player, may also get bored as most of your time will be spent waiting at a mere 4x speed.In conclusion, I'd say this game has done well on the intimate, unimportant details at the expense of content and gameplay.Sorry, Planetbase, but it looks like you need the help of Steam Workshop."
76561197991190556,Not Recommended,403190,34509602,Posted: 26 August,all,Zentastic,"Pros: A $20 *** PUZZLE *** Building Game worth pretty much $20.Cons: No (Extremely Low) replayability.Some minor bugs. (Not what most post. They aren't bugs but actually part of the gamedesign.)Steam needs another kind of recommendation: Meh? Indifferent? Something.This game is basically a puzzle. Figuring out how many of each kind of job you need, how to handle each enviroment (Planet Type), managing both resource and job priorities *** IS THE GAME ***. (And is pretty much all there it to the game.)If you read all the spoilers/cheats, there is nothing in the game for you as it has very low replayability. What you are competing against is your ability to manage the above mentioned variables. So your job is to manage and build a base while hitting all the milestones until it finally gets to 300 population.It is a realitively easy game, the challenge is once again; figuring out the balances of the variables. If you are intelligent and problem solve well, you will likely be bored, or perhaps think like me that it is exactly what you paid for.That said. A lot of people are reporting things as bugs that actually are not bugs. i.e. If you run low on power, and your then airlocks will not operate. And all the evil that befalls after that is NOT A BUG: It is the game. You messed up. Fixing the issue, (...or actually avoiding it in the first place...) before your base dies is part of playing the game.Being unable to properly manage types of personnel, job priorities, repairs, security, power, O2, etc... IS NOT A BUG. ***** That is you losing the game. *****Almost EVERYTHING that goes wrong in the game is UNFORGIVING. And mismanaging priorities is why you are out of <Insert Whatever Here>. (That isn't a complaint about the game. It was in fact one of the few things that made the game good.)I value replayability very highly in a builder game. There is no replayability here. There are no competing bases, resources are unlimited (...and only run low if you aren't prioritizing correctly). So after playing through once, all you have left is a different map, and RND events from traders/aggressors.At the end of the day you aren't going to be sad you bought it. But you are going to be sad that it seemed to have a ton of ""What if..."" and potential that just isn't there because of no replayability or competition."
76561198032127116,Recommended,403190,18595255,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,DarthVishis,"Highly addictive space colony building game. Fantastic effort by indie developers at a bargain price.A little bit worried about the replay value, and it can get tedious at times, but these are minor negatives against a backdrop of awesome."
76561198006577734,Not Recommended,403190,18545883,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,71Dana,"I want this game to suceed. I have been following this game for a while, purchasing Planetbase as soon as it was available.The problem is the AI, which seems to ignore common sense.The crew will just stop doing their given/only tasks, resulting in either a mass suicide and require restart, or stop doing anything productive, and die slowly, also requiring a restart.Biologist would not tend to the hydoponics.Workers would not manufacture steel or bioplastic despite ample raw resources.Engineers do not use steel or bioplastic to create advanced materials when bioplastic or steel was present.Robots allowing humans to do their task while pacing the coridoors or landscape without aim.Buildings the never get built despite resources and workers/robots idle, (but still eating and sleeping).The recent beta patch only extended the average game by another 20 minutes before either demise would occur.This game is both fun and visually stunning when it is running normally.I would definately recommend it IF you see a big patch addressing AI has been implemented.However as it is now (first week of Steam release), I can't recommend it, as there are too many good games that work on Steam."
,Not Recommended,403190,18749717,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Superman,"This game has a whole lot of promise.   The strategy is fun.  The overall presentation is great.I’ll start with the pro’s•	Fun!•	Great dynamic resource manufacturing•	Many different classes of people•	Can be self-sustaining (to a point)•	Many challenges in environment and space piratesCon’s•	The game offers very little in logistics•	You can’t make a bulldozer to move rocks or hills, what about a shovel?•	You can’t choose the colonists you want to come to the base, you have to use percentages•	No leveling of said workers, they can’t be any more efficient than when they start•	The buildings are TOO FAR APART, there is so much wasted space between buildings it’s ridiculous, if you increase the size of a building the size of the gap increases exponentially•	Buildings should be fluid and able to made a custom shape, not just bigger and bigger on the same inefficient floor plan, besides most buildings are made to be modular in space engineering not just round•	You cannot build in the center of most building, how hard is for a real person to put something in the middle of the room•	You cannot shut off individual items in a room to save energy, so you have to make individual rooms for individual equipment which is frustrating•	There is no vehicles, not even a dolly to carry things easily, or even a wagon•	The colonists work is highly inefficient, no learning for greater productivity, no efficiency increase with the passage of time•	The bots carrying capacity is the same as people, they can’t even pull a pallet•	If people get sick or hurt they stop working, not the case in real life, astronauts are trained to understand that you keep working no matter the situation unless its life threatening, colonists would go under the same scrutiny•	Can’t set which building you want made first, I try to plan ahead but it takes way too long to build because the resources are based on distance and not my priority, I thought I was supposed to be in charge•	IT TAKES TOO LONG TO MAKE/PRODUCE/MINE ANYTHING, I can’t get a priority on one thing it has to be the whole room, I thought I was supposed to be in charge•	WHY IS THERE A BUILDING CAP, seriously there is so much terrain, I have the resources and the game is capping me on my own level of productivity•	Why aren’t there colony babies?  Is everyone immortal and sterile?  You can never be completely self-sufficient in the game because you have to have a space port to get new people.  Which leads to pirates!•	Why is there no communication to let you know when pirates are coming?The game play is great!  I wouldn’t recommend the game it until some major improvements are made.   The dynamics of game are great start, it’s just not diverse enough to make me recommend this game to anyone.  I want to so badly, and when I start the game I do want to recommend it.  When I get to the middle of expansion I go back to no, there just isn’t enough to make me want to continue when I know there isn’t anything else to do in the game."
76561197983165251,Not Recommended,403190,34215548,Posted: 13 August,all,F'xit Fastah,"It has potential, it looks nice. But now it is very shallow, once you grow enough, produce enough. Your base runs and that's it. It's serene in an unpleasant way. So boring I fell asleep, woke up and my base was still running fine... The colonists lack social interactions with eachother, nothing really happens besides an occassional meteor or raiders/traders. That's it nothing more."
,Recommended,403190,23899702,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Nixxen,"First colony, stable base.Steadily recruit people in to the work force.60 colonists, but some are unhappy.Build bar to make them happy.Demolish lab to make bigger one to produce more meat.Can't build over scattered resources on the ground.Notice too late that all the rice is being sent to the bar for beer, instead of the caffeteria - since the bar is closer.Hungry colonists make bad workers.Panic buy food and robots from traders to keep the work flowing.Lose 48 colonists due to starvation within minutes.For extra salt in the wound I get the ""Robotization"" milestone as the last few colonists stumble to their graves.10/10 - Would ferment rice to cause robot army uprising again."
,Recommended,403190,29465060,Posted: 24 January,all,Orionagappe,"For the most part I really enjoy this game. I has a very ""sims in space"" feel.A few changes that would be great, being able to order people to stop doing what they are doing, ie marching to their death to get to a piece of metal out in the middle of the map. Or at the very least prefer routes that take them inside of the colony to the closest exit. I have recently lost 7 people because they decided to walk around the outside of the base instead of through it, when there was a perfectly reasonable route through the base to some place much closer.The building priority button only seems to have marginal effect when I want something prioritized I want it to get done first, not after 50 other tasks.Overall even with it's flaws this game is entertaining and I would recommend it."
76561197974828941,Recommended,403190,24517659,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Rich,"I actually really like this game, I was running through a lot of games to see what's good at the moment and this one really captivated me, drew me in and I played hours on it. Really like it. But... I would like to see more stuff, i'm not going to throw my toys out the pram and leave a negative review because this clearly doesn't deserve that. Its great in its current form however I feel it has a lot more potential that could be put into the game. 1. Would be nice to be able to mine into mountains and create mountain bases. 2. Would be good to actually have some challenges or some kind of direction. 3. Geothermal Power Plants would be great if the planet has a hot core it would be nice to be able to drill down and use geothermal power.4. A space port that is so large the ship can land in an airlock - see various sci fi movies - so that the workers don't have to keep going through the airlock. The reason I say this is because when you have a surplus of materials you don't want to sell them because it takes for ever and messes up your base big time as the workers take priority on loading the ship over everything else. Pretty lame.5. Tropical planets would be really cool with the ability to capture specimens to examine and get new techs.6. The intruders thing is just really annoying and quite stupid, you get intruders come down to your base, none of them have ever survived they always die almost instantly. I see no reason for them? They are just a pain that ruins the experience imo.7. More elements to mine, grow, design. Its a bit bland at the moment with just plastic and metal = win.All in all a good solid 7.5/10 no bugs, captivating addictive. However needs more depth and complexity.Rich"
76561198002552146,Recommended,403190,19568831,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,bluewulf,Good solid game -- nice graphics -- pretty high fun factor -- AI is not bad at all -- Just don't expect it to be a game that you will want to play over and over again after you've  been successful at the hardest level -- definitely worth the money though.
76561197993792972,Not Recommended,403190,18539035,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,DrewDC11,"This game has such potential. I had a ton of fun initially. However the worker AI, unit aquisition system, and UI makes this game so frustrating to play past a certain point.I like the idea of working on base expansion while trying to survive against the elements of a foreign planet but with each natural disaster it only brings to light just how little control you have over your base.I'd like to see some sort of system in place where I could give explicit direction to each type of worker or even each individual worker. When you have a medic going to pick up ore while people are dying instead of making medical supplies, you know there is an issue. Also, when a unit is working on a task or replenishing a certain stat, they just randomly decide to stop for no reason and go do something else. No explanation, and often with no specific direction.Also, it seems like unit aquisition is very arbitrary and random. I understand that the game requires you to adjust the percentages for an ideal balance, but with no idea when a future colony ship is coming nor what class it might contain, it's almost impossible to properly strategize when reacting to disasters. I had a meteor slip through my laser network and hit a sleeping quarters where most of my biologists were asleep in bunks. All dead. My 85 person colony starved in 2-3 game days. I couldn't give my remaining biolgists accurate instructions to maintain food production.Not to nitpick but the UI really needs some work and the camera system is a little wonky. I could get over some the camera issues but having to page through UI menus each time in order to set threat alerts or even find out how much of a resource I have just feels so unwieldy. A resource overlay seems like an easy fix as well as a hotkey system.I'd really love to give this a thumbs up. I really would. This could be such a great game with a great premise.There's just so many things wrong with the AI/UI that it can't justify it. Once you get past the initial novelty, it's unplayable.Looking forward to a patch/update....."
76561197994405912,Not Recommended,403190,18593201,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Wintery,"The Good:  There's a real feeling of accomplishment in building a base.  Good graphics.  This game is hard, very hard, but not in an unfair way, sure random events can screw you but more often than not the fatal mistake is one you should have seen coming, everything flows logically... for the most part (see ""the bad"" for when it doesn't).The Bad:  The AI is utterly useless.  People will starve to death carrying around a box of food even if standing next to an open dining table.  It seems that this problem gets worse as your base gets bigger, and you get more colonists.  The ""alert"" system and random disasters are coupled in a very poor way, oftentimes even with ample warning you won't be able to get your colonists to do what you need.Ultimately, however, the fatal flaw is lack of depth.  No upgrades to equipment stations, and a production system that maxes out at two layers deep, and then only for making robots, everything else is one layer deep (bots are ore -> metal -> semiconductors -> bots, everything else is, for example ore -> metal -> spare parts).  Spare parts are a constant thorn in your side, because you can't ever stockpile them for some reason.   This game would be an amazing game if it only had more structures and a tech tree, and the colonists were not prone to random starvation or dehydration even with ample resources available.The bottom line:  Keep an eye on this game, in three-four content patches it might be worth it.You'd like this if you like:  Utopia, If you liked The Spacials but thought the combat got annoying."
76561198031032818,Recommended,403190,25638203,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,ez1,"A very enjoyable space-themed, resource-management/grow-a-colony game -- Banished in orbit, if you will.Good graphics, smooth gameplay, an evocative and low-key space-synth soundtrack, and a real challenge at the highest level, even once you get the hang of it.Highly recommended if you like strategy games, though it would be great if the devs revisited this with an expansion -- new planets/maps and expanded build options -- since as it is now, once you reach the mid-game plateau, it is only a question of rinse-and-repeat expansion until you achieve the endgame milestones.______________________________ETA:I'd also like to add that a large number of people criticize the AI and the apparent randomness of the workers. At first, I found this annoying and disconcerting, too. Each specialist attends only to their specialty, and works only the number of hours allotted. Essentially, the colonies are founded by the worst sort of socialist bureaucrats, with strict work laws and no overtime.This is totally unrealistic, of course, but it IS what makes the game challenging. It demands that you anticipate colony-destroying disasters -- hunger, lack of medical supplies, lack of power/water -- before they happen. You have to plan your growth strategically, by managing supply trading and the influx of additional colonists with great care, so as not to upset the applecart and try always to run the colony with surpluses.There in lies the game."
76561198058986162,Not Recommended,403190,26348369,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,balseraphim,"This game is similar to Banished. However, there is a distinct ""unfinished"" feel to it. There is not a lot of diversity in the buildings or actions. In fact, it feels as if some buildings just didn't make it into the game. This is due to there being a small and medium version of the building but no large or very large, when there are other buildings of that size. Balancing is an issue as the game is far too slow in the beginning.If you're looking for something similar to Banished and this game is on sale for cheap, it does offer... something. I would not buy it if I had to make the decision again though. It just feels like there are too many things missing."
76561198052442093,Recommended,403190,23219471,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,UnforcedError,"Now that I completed almost all achievements with only two challenges left to try it's time to write a review on this enjoyable and extremely addicting game. If you love city building strategy games and survival ones like Banished, you should definitely check out this game, as this is essentially a space variation. You will -- presumably -- have to restart each planet and each challenge multiple times to perfect your strategy, but that's exactly where the fun starts, at least for me. In fact, after a hard start it can feel really cozy and quite satisfying to see your base safely secured by lightning rods amidst a thunderstorm. Especially as the graphics are beautiful. The mechanisms are logical even though they're sometimes not what you would expect -- e.g. if you can build a spaceship why are you not able to dig a tunnel through a mountain or build a floating component on a sea? -- and as probably everyone else I would wish for more planets, more resources, more buildings. Nothing what DLCs or mods can't fix, right?A big congrats to the developers. Apart from the minor issues above this game is awesome."
,Not Recommended,403190,18526473,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,DocLazy,"Unfortunately, Planetbase is another example in a long series of half-baked Unity releases that look good in screenshots but are lacking in the game play department. In short Planetbase is like Banished in space. Just with out any of the depth or the love that went into the making of Banished and with a buggy frustrating AI.While it starts off ok but after you've built the first 8 or so domes you've reached the end of the tech tree, after that it's just expansion. Which is where the cracks in the AI start to show and gets progressively worse as your base grows. In my case the AI literally started running around in circles between two points outside of my base. Aside form actual bugs the AI also struggles with resource distribution. Strange things will start happening as your base gets larger, like random occasional deaths from starvation as the AI fails to find food. Even though there is a very healthy food surplus and a nice even distribution of canteens that they should never be too far away from.The other problem is the game poorly comunicates the colonists needs. It's a bit of a guessing game figuring out what they need and if what you have to supply those needs is adequate. For example I had an incident where colonists were dying from dehydration. Which made no sense as the water dispensers were hardly being used. It took me a while to figure out what was going on. It appears to be a problem with the AI again as there appeared to be plenty of water fountains going unused. However, adding in more water fountains fixed the problem... shrug."
76561198215744025,Recommended,403190,27271630,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Solar Corona,"I set out to get these reviews underway by going over a choice of 5 games, I looked at the time I’ve invested in them and thought about which games I’ve discussed with friends. This does put me in a position of Bias choosing the more favorable of my game selections but being a naturally critical thinker and assuming no one other than Tebbut will read, not that bothered.Having said all that, Planet Base is the hardest to review.Planet Base is a great game; it isn’t AAA and isn’t trying to be. In fact It’s plain to see that considerations in development made a conscious steer away, allowing them to revel in Indy gaming. This fact is both clarified and contrasted in it's execution. Its simple, very simple. The possible numbers of construction options are in the 10 – 20 range and no scenario supports them all,It isn’t RTS, although the building elements are there, It’s a management game where the resources have to be calculated to fine detail as while there is some room for error it will punish you very rapidly if you aren’t paying full attention to your base.Where it will surprise you, and keep you hooked are its aesthetics. Its painfully beautiful in scoring and visuals and runs extremely smoothly. Like many games where you can ask yourself after 20 hours of play, “why am I still doing this?” the honing of repetitive base building is extremely rewarding and I think that the environment in which you are playing has a great deal to do with it.It’s a fantastic game marked out by what’s missing more than what’s there but crucially it hasn’t tried and failed to provide its simply been selective with what elements it allows you to have control over and doesn’t leave you wanting,"
,Recommended,403190,23887153,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,taosaur,"Original review June 28th 2016:Excellent city builder, and excellent space sim. I held off on Planetbase because a lot of the press and reviews carped on AI ""flaws."" Thirty-five hours in, I have to say 95% of those flaws were user error. You need to learn from those mistakes. If you don't plan carefully early on, you will die, because YOU ARE IN SPACE. Once you get a decent start, though, just keep ahead of your resource needs and don't overdo anything (laying down too many buildings at once, making too big a trade for your workers to deliver) and you're golden. The need for different kinds of colonists at different stages in the game makes for great, organic progression. Bots open up a whole new world.The game is open-ended, but I found the point where you've gained all the milestones at 300 pop a pretty good place to stop on the two worlds I've ""beat,"" Mars and Titan. I want to do the suicide world and maybe I'll go back to the ice world, and at that point I'll probably be done with the game aside from pulling it out occasionally down the road. That should put me around 50-60 hours, which is not bad for less than $15. I won't complain if they add content, like worlds balanced for longer play-throughs with more milestones, but as-is it's more than worth the price on the tin.Update Decemeber 6th 2016:It took a while, but the past couple weeks I jumped back in and got thoroughly wrapped up in building a successful and rather pretty ice world colony, and now have a storm world colony reasonably stable with a couple milestones to go. I did go a bit beyond the milestones on the ice world this time, tweaking aesthetics and fully upgrading all my structures, RPing a little and just expanding for expanding's sake. The game does leave you wanting more as you hit the late stages, but I'm also pushing 80 hours and have some content left, just having done one colony per planet (well, one that survived...) and a couple of the challenges. I suspect this one will be an ""every once in a while"" game for years to come. I do hope the devs someday do a sequel with a little more content (techs, buildings, milestones), but they say they're fully committed to a new project right now."
76561198303526018,Recommended,403190,24266801,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,steriana,"This is a fun resource management game that has a non-obvious ""ending"": equilibrium. Once you have your colony be self-sustaining, have built all the buildings you can build (some just for fun), you just pretty much get to sit back and watch things run smoothly. The latest game release has ""Challenges"" that have you work towards specific goals, but I don't really think that's necessary. Getting to the equilibrium point was pretty fun in itself.Part of the game's fun is in discovering how tweaking this thing and that thing affects the equilibrium. Not everything is super-clearly documented so you may well wonder why your food supplies are piling up yet colonists are hungry (hint: you need more meal-makers!)It can be frustrating to watch a thirsty colonist walk up to a water fountain that's in use, then walk away and not return even though it becomes free one second later! But that's something you have to accept about the game: it works on a strict rule set about how colonists behave, and you have to design your systems for average behavior. If your colonists are perpetually thirsty, you need more water fountains in strategic places, even if you often see water fountains free.I'd say this game is worth $10-$15 -- it's not an epic resource game but more of a ""resource management lite"", and is still fun to play once in a while."
76561198078104580,Not Recommended,403190,18717693,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,TheDarkEmperor,"As u may already understood this game is a simple city-builder simulator. The key word here is ""simple"". The thing is, once you manage to build basic buildings to gather resources - you have won. From this moment your only need is to have enough energy and food. In other words, when the early-game ends and the mid game starts - thats it, you won.Another thing I don't like about this game is lack of personality: noone is lazy/hardworking, noone needs socialisation, everyone likes to watch TV/hang on horizontal bar. People are basically clones, except for their job (worker, biologist, engineer, doctor, guard). Everyone can continue each others unfinished work. Noone is high/low-ranking. The only thing personal for humans in this game is a bed.Ironically there are about 15 food variants and if you won't have variety in food your people would get sick.Pros:-Nice concept-OK graphic-Easy to learn, entertaining to explore-Can be challenging on high difficulties, due to randomnessCons:-Can be easy on high difficulties, due to randomness-Extremely dumb AI-Buildings limit (really?! I can't believe there can be a limit in city-builder game)-Extremely dumb AI-Lack of personality-Extremely dumb AI... Have I mentioned this before?Obvious buildings missing:-Toilets-Tunnels through mountains-Different social acitvities-Personal space (building with several rooms for one person each)A word about AI:I would not recommend this game to slow computers, since there are lots of problems with humans and bots constantly forgetting to go back to base and dying of oxygen lack, unless you have a good patience - this can be fixed with saving, quiting to main menu and loading your game. Such problem is regular. The similar bug with people forgetting to deliver items to trader can be fixed in the same manner.Updated review 20.03.2016:The problem with AI has been fixed. With this problem in past, you can enjoy this game now."
76561197971242003,Recommended,403190,29195981,Posted: 11 January,all,Š†ÏÇ|<|V|ÅÑ,"This game is good. It is addictive at first, but as you grow accustom to how the game plays, you begin to notice the game just not playing fair. In the end, I have to with the large number of other reviews that is has some pretty glaring shortfalls. However, given the price, I don’t really think it’s not worth it.Pros:The game can be difficult to pick up. It is not a clone of other, similar games. My first dozen bases or so were tossed out without feeling attached. To me this is a draw, as I like trying to find the clever ways of doing things that give me the edge in a game like this.I like the UI.I like that it stresses management, as opposed to making it easy to build with little penalty for over-doing it. Everything down to the beds cost materials and at times, even one mat can make a huge difference.(Oddly, this last one I am going to list a s a pro and a con.)If you make a mistake, there is an avalanche effect. It is up to you to determine what the correct issue to address is. Being out of air could mean weak power. Not being able to build bots could mean that you don’t have enough workers to move your abundance of mats around. That problem-solving is a big draw.Cons:It is not paced well. Sometimes it feels terribly slow, especially in the early game when losing your colonists can be catastrophic.The game gives you ways to speed/slow the game, but in these times, speeding things up can cause minor mistakes that can again, be catastrophic.There are two issue with the UI. First, the developers don’t show you the actual buildable area. You can glean it by tracking the camera around, but it seems like they could have allowed us to see the rectangle somehow. The second is that they don’t show us when colonists have multiple problems going on.The balancing of your ‘people’ seems a bit off. If I need more workers, I have to sacrifice from another category. While this might be like space bases would be, it means instead of fixing a problem, you just create a different one. Then, the game makes up the difference via some strange internal logic that only barely seems to reflect your choices. So, if I find my staff is not balanced correctly, the only way to fix it is to also allow more people into the base. I could instrument a catastrophe, and kill off some people in hopes of a better balance, but I am not a psychopath.In other reviews, I frequently read how bad the AI is. It is bad. Not always bad, but clearly so. The problem is that the creation of a negative avalanche effect on your base is actually in the hands of this AI. I might even go as far as to say that the problem is specifically with the path finding AI. However, there is also clearly an issue with how they find and prioritize things that need to be done (you cannot assign them). Example, I have 4 slots that could be filled by engineers. I put priority on that (and only that) building with 40 engineers in my base. I’ll be lucky if 50% of what I need to happen, happens.(And to readdress the above Avalanche effect)This is when your design begins to fall apart. One thing leads to another until no-fun. The problem is, it can be almost impossible to correct because you are never directly responsible for who staffs your base. It seems to be a random roll that can be 10’s of a percent off and in reality, and be clearly not what the player intended. When things go wrong, people stop doing their things, which compounds the problem. This is not correct behavior for people trying to survive. So, the AI does come off as stupid. However, I also think that even when all is fine, their ability to actually locate and do something they are supposed to do is incorrect. This can be seen by clicking on an individual and watch how they do everything except their job, despite free station and mats.TLDR:The game needs some help. It will be fun at first and then♥♥♥♥♥♥you off later.For the price ($20USD), I’ve certainly bought worse. This is not Civilizations in space."
76561198030934865,Recommended,403190,22855659,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,ben,"Wow, bought this two days ago and i have 28Hrs play time.. suffice it to say its pretty adictive.Fun city builder with enough difficulty to keep you managing the colony even when it gets big.Plenty of random events to wipe you out at any moment if you don't take care with your design.AI of citizens and bots seems good, with no weird behaviour, graphics are nice and smooth, tutorial was really good without being too long, easy to get going and playHits the nail on the head!"
76561198031152377,Recommended,403190,25101871,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Voice From Beyond,"I see people complaining that it's too hard.  Yeah it's not easy and sometimes circumstances are against you, but that creates a challenge.  This is a survival builder and it takes patience, planning, and sometimes luck.It's real easy to build yourself into a no win situation.  I've done that many times.  I just need a guy to finish building a food pad, but everyone is too hungry to do any work.  Is that too hard, bad AI logic, or just your poor management and planning skills?It's a good, little game, but it's not easy."
,Not Recommended,403190,19301843,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,ikiris,"This game feels like a very shallow 3d version of Outpost 1.It doesn't have much depth once you get the basic idea of requirements of how not to die in 20 minutes.The AI is pretty stupid across the board (routing, scheduling, pathing, etc)Wouldn't buy again.UPDATE EDIT: Based on dev comment tried it again a year later: Yep still sucks for similar reasons, but hey, dev added SHINYS to try to make it seem less crap like ACHIEVEMENTS, and TRADING CARDS!!!. Want my 5 hours back."
,Recommended,403190,31219590,Posted: 18 April,all,kmspezia,"Recommended(ish).This is a fun game, with an interesting tech tree and good challenge... at first. After 2-3 playthroughs, it becomes repetetive. After 5, it's a boring grindfest.If you can get it on sale, then go for it; there's a good 5-10 hours of fun to be had here. But I wouldn't recommend paying full price unless the devs add more content."
,Recommended,403190,27999514,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Tally,"If you are going to buy this game, look up a newbie guide before you play.  Like the game Banished, there's a few little tips and tricks you really need to know, but aren't covered in game.  Until you figure them out, every base you make is just going to die spectacularly.This is definitely a great city building game, but it could use some polish and a little more work.Mods would make this game AMAZING!"
76561198077722697,Recommended,403190,18620786,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Depressed Catto,FARMING ON MARS... matt damon will be proud 10/10
,Not Recommended,403190,32781233,Posted: 25 June,all,Spectrium,It's a good game but there are several reasons why i downvoted:-AI is broken. Sometimes units are acting illogically-Medics or engineers are doing inferior jobs instead of theirs.-Building system is needed to be improved. Sometimes you cannot build it even it fits perfecly. Also buildings field requirement is needed to be fixed(imo)I will check the game later and if anything changes to good i will upvote.
76561198225183520,Recommended,403190,28320267,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,johnnythorpe,"Have come back to this game a few times, VERY addictive and alot of fun.Really saddens me how little this game is update however.New content would be so well appreciated and add to the replay value."
76561198031722208,Not Recommended,403190,18516842,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,I only Uber spy,"Even is 15% of, with is 18.69 dollar. I wouldn't recommand it to everyone for the lack of contents.The game is fun for the first 2 hours for me. Once you have unlocked everything which does have much to unlock, it become boring. Everthing is same over and over again. I know for survial game, it maybe happen, but I really think they should add more contents to it.Plus, the freedom of this game is really bad. Once you build something, it really hard to change it, even early game when it aren't many buildings. I would think maybe adding upgrade or change room types, or mirco-control your conlonist would be great. I wouldnt suggest this game to anyone."
76561198006839804,Recommended,403190,34904611,Posted: 12 September,all,milton09,"Very enjoyable and challenging.  There really is no AI, the colonists are more like drones which operate on set priorites.   Figure out how to manage these priorities and you will be successful.  About 50-70 hrs to play through all the challenges."
,Recommended,403190,18790174,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,SAM,"Such an amazing game, every game I've played has been totally unique. It's well polished and no bugs so far, to my surprise; it hasn't crashed either!There is certainly room for improvement, I for one would like to see more information about who has joined my colony so far and the new arrivals. It would also be nice if they could add CO2 scrubbers and decay to them.Moreover, I’ve seen many reviewers suggesting that it should be cheaper because their lack of imagination doesn’t allow them to have more fun with the game! I am happy with the price tag and with the possibility of what could be added later."
76561198063925033,Not Recommended,403190,26346902,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,boinboston,Great game; however after 20 hour you will be bored. It is very limited in modules you can build and does not leave much more.
76561197967419352,Not Recommended,403190,30917678,Posted: 3 April,all,nrfildes,"This game is worth a rent. For a strategy game or builder, it is aimless and has very little replayability. Don't get me wrong, failing, and learning the rythim of it is challenging, but once you learn how to ride a bike so to speak, you don't get new environments or buildings or anything (only 3 maps, tiny research tree). Once you get most of the achievements and play on the third planet, you'll never play it again.It is mainly good for watching let's players fail horrificly on youtube."
,Recommended,403190,29811289,Posted: 9 February,all,☢» MACHIN3 «☢,"Really awesome game! Love building huge settlements on different planets. It's very challenging to learn exactly what to do to make sure your colony can survive and keep power, water, food, etc... Just make sure you build enough power collectors for night time as your colony can run out of power fast and solar panels will do nothing at night, even wind turbines won't keep the base powered at night so you must keep power collectors full to last nights.I had this game for some time and still continue to go back to it and play. It's one of them games that never loose it's fun!"
76561197971510538,Recommended,403190,28479431,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Rig,"There was an old DOS game about colonizing the moon whose name I no longer remember. I used to play it for hours; I loved that game. Time passed, I lost track of it, and I've been trying to find something to fill that void in my gaming life. Planetbase has done just that.You start from the very beginning, landing on your chosen planet with the first colonists. The goals are given to you in the form of Milestones to pass, and if you follow them, you should be in pretty good shape. Be careful though, the game punishes you very badly if you make crucial errors in your base design. Nothing is worse than watching colonist after colonist die of starvation because you don't have enough biologists to maintain your bio-domes.The first planet you are allowed to pick is a desert planet that looks suspiciously like Mars. In order to unlock the other choices, you need to pass a certain number of Milestones. These are extremely challenging, and I have not unlocked any of the other planets because of the aforementioned crucial errors causing catastrophe. This has in no way diminished my enjoyment; I have a moment of silence for the loss of my colony and I start over, learning from my mistakes and determined not to let it happen again. There is, of course, a save game feature where you can simply pull up an early save and correct your mistakes that way. I have done that, but nothing is more satisfying than surving on your own, so to speak.There are other problems that can occur not caused by the base designer, such as intruders. I have been lucky so far, and have not encountered any but my current base has a few guards just in case. On the desert planet there are two natural disasters; sandstorms and meteors. As long as you plan for the long dark and your electrical system is robust, sandstorms are not a problem. Meteors are a different story. Later you are able to build things to prevent or minimize them, but I have not done so yet. Imagine my shock and dismay as I watched a meteor slam into and destroy my single bio-dome and watching my people starve because I was unable to repair it fast enough. Let that be a lesson; always keep reserves and have a plan B.The help file is quite possibly the most useful I've ever found in a game. I have poured through it many times to get answers to all the questions that have popped up. Starting with Hints that pop up during the game, you can then click on almost anything that is related to what the hint is about through sublinks in the article; extremely useful and time consuming and enjoyable. Read it, it will be your friend. To go along with the Help file is the very excellent tutorial that shows you exactly what you need to do to get a base up and running. The game even reminds you that you have not played the tutorial, and suggests you do so.The graphics, while not state of the art, are a lot of fun. You begin by watching your spacecraft land, and then build your domes and/or equipment. While building something is simply watching your people/robots weld away complete with sparks, in reality you're watching your dome grow out of the ground. Not like some others, such as Banished, but effective. The really enjoyable part is watching your people inside the colony. You watch them eat, sleep, work, run aroud outside to build things. I find it entertaining to just watch them live their lives. Equally as enjoyable is watching the sunrise over your planet; you watch the sun light creep across the ground as your solar panels slowly come to life. Hopefully, there are still residents to enjoy the view. Several times I've seen a colonist simply stop in a connecting tunnel and look out the window; I can only imagine the thoughts going through his head.There are a couple of things I do not like about the game. This first is a nitpick and not to be taken seriously. If a meteor struck as close to my base as many of them have, the base would be destroyed through the shock wave. However, I'm not going to make that an actual complaint. Who wants to play a game where random chance can decimate all hope of survival. Second, there should be some place to examine each individual colonist and robot rather than click on them in the game window and hope for the best. I would like to see a complete list of all of my colonists and their names. Plus, I would like to be able to click on robots that are no longer repairable and recycle them. At present I am unable to even find them, I just get a note telling me it's done with. Third, it would be nice to be able to move furniture and indoor equipment instead of recycling and rebuilding it. Finally, although the help file tells me that the graphs are extremely useful for determing how to correct problems in your base, I have not found this to be true. Perhaps I'm not a graphs person, but to me they seem way too cluttered and busy, providing too much information that I do not know how to sift through.Overall, I give this game a 4.5 our of 5 stars. It has given me many hours of enjoyment, which includes time thinking about it when I'm not playing. I suspect it will give me many more hours in the future."
76561198040146156,Recommended,403190,18601496,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,the_nodmod,"Since there are so many bad reviews, I have decided to write my own.The game is very nice, has some faults, as all games do but all in all a very pleasent experience. It has some unique play mechanics people don't seem to grasp quick enough and start blaming it on the AI or bad development, which is not the case.It takes time to figure it out and I would strongly advice any new players to play the tutorial and watch some youtube videos, because it's really hard to do right if you don't get the AI. I enjoyed this game very much and will still play it from time to time, because it's quite uniqe.You get to choose from three planet types which can be unlocked, one after the other.+Pros: Nice graphics, interesting mechanics, one has to plan ahead and expand carefully, so strategy is included. Devs started patching right away, after players started complaining.-Cons: Not a lot of replayability value, once you have built a base on all three planets, that's basically all you can do - start over. There is no global part, that lets you connect your bases and actually colonize the whole planet.  Some parts of the game are unrealistic, when it comes to malnutrition and deaths based on lack of food variety and thing like that. That's where the AI could be improved, which the devs are doing constantly.Besides that I can absolutely recommend this game, if you like to try something new and are a big sci-fi fan, such as I am, go for it! You won't regret it."
,Not Recommended,403190,35137483,Posted: 22 September,all,SpaceCouncil,"For the sake of brevity..Genre tags:City-Builder, Space, ManagementValue Proposition:On sale I think it's worth a look and I'll admit my bias for basically anything in space but at full price I think you'll be disappointed.BSERC- (Borderline Sardonic and Extremely Reductive Comparison): A slightly more functional Spacebase DF-9, A non-satirical Startopia.Concomitant Exposition and SummationPlanetBaseis game that.. makes me sad.If you told me this game was still in early access I wouldn't bat an eye. I'd also say it had a ton of potential. The problem is, it's not in early access.The plethora of things that appear to be missing are at every turn. This is a base building/city-building management survival simulation on another planet. Certainly I should be able to direct my workers instead of let the questionable AI do or not do what I prioritize AT ALL despite having excess resources to be processed. Let alone hire specific ones to be placed into humanities expansion into the galaxy.More specifically, There is no way to select or hire and make a distinction between workers, biologists, engineers or medics. The only way is to manipulate it by selecting a percentage want within the landing restrictions and turning the power on or off from the landing pads. Even then you may get more or less than you wanted unless you get really meticulous and change the wants to 100% per type of employee. Even THEN you still run the risk of how many coming off the transport not being what you anticipated. Short things short; oxygen isn't readily available and you have a limited supply of power to create it. It'd be nice to be able to regulate who visits my station.You have two main power methods. Solar panels and wind turbines. Now, I didn't get past the frozen planet biome-esk thing. There is also a gas giant and storm biome-esk location. I only bring this up because it'd be interesting to have to deal with a location without an atmosphere and I'm not sure if there is a location I missed. As once the star of whatever solar system this game takes place in hides under the horizon to warm the other side of the planet all you have is your battery backup and turbines to provide oxygen, water and electricity to the station throughout the night. The consequences in failure to procure these things should be quite apparent.Each biome you build, be it a canteen, laboratory, airlock, sick bay, or a hydroponics farm – as far as the interior/environmental controlled ones – are all hemispheres. Connected by tunnels; there is no way expand the rooms except for building them large to begin with or completely destroying and then rebuilding them. It makes for this ostensibly never ending network of tunnels. For some of the areas that would make sense, especially for crops needing a different environment to prosper. However, none of that is in this game. All the biomes are exactly the same. External constructs need a pathway, logically for wiring or plumbing.You can prioritize certain things to be constructed, though to what end I'm not sure. Specifically, I had a bunch of ore from the mines I wanted processed into metal so I could expand. I had 6 engineers thatcouldhave done that processing at any point but they just didn't. I prioritized that biome and nothing came of it. This happened as well for bio-plastic created from starch. No processing was to be had from the AI even though it was prioritized. Additionally, if you have different crops, or fabricators that build different things within the same biome you can not prioritize them separately without constructing an entirely different biome and constructing the devices therein appropriately.Now, here is myBIGGESTcomplaint. You'd think, you wouldcertainlythink that on a remote planetary expedition that you'd be able to set a clock. A schedule. A regime. When certain biomes are on or off for the conservation of power/oxygen/water. When specific employees are to be working and where. If not just the specific type of employee. At no point can you even use a logistics screen to have certain resources stored in certain places or to be processed in a closer biome. The AI runs it all and it does a poor job at that.THE GISTLike I said up front, if this were early access I'd say I can't wait to see what's next. But this is out; it's even been updated after v1.0. It still feels entirely incomplete.:(Follow my curation page for more."
76561198008294125,Recommended,403190,23080242,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Goaly McGoalface,"It's a great game, first and foremost.You manage a space colony, starting with about seven settlers and two robots. You have to build the basics to stay alive: an O2 generator, power sources, food etc. And it builds from there - medical bay, dorm, processing plants, bar...It's beautifully simple in its design and it's incredibly addictive. It's also brutal - a bit of bad luck and bad timing and you can cause a chain reaction that kills everyone. For example: run out of spares? No problem - there'll be a trade ship along soon. Except just then, your wind turbine breaks, meaning your power storage starts draining, meaning you won't have enough power to last you through the night. The power out, the O2 generator stops working. And everyone slowly starts to asphyxiate. Just hope that the morning's light won't be blocked by a dust storm and will power up the solar panels enough for everyone to not die.It's stuff like that. I've also seen some flat out weird stuff - I'm not sure if it's a glitch or a delightfully morbid game design thing, but one day one of my medics just decided he'd had enough and wandered out into the wilderness and just kept going, off the screen and presumably to his death like ""nope. I am so done.""It's not perfect, however - you can't directly control the settlers or give them orders. The AI is pretty good but not perfect, so I've seen Workers who are so hungry that they're nearly dead keep on loading supplies into a ship (even though there's food nearby) to the point that they die of starvation rather than just eating and loading the supplies later. Wat. Also I've played it for 34 hours and while I've only done the first planet it does feel like I've explored all the rooms the game has to offer. It's replayable, though, to some extent.Planetbase 2 should definitely be made and I hope they keep simplicity of the first game's design but with more control over the settlers and add more room types.Definitely recommended, though. 9/10"
76561198111642954,Not Recommended,403190,29249986,Posted: 14 January,all,hythemous,"Planetbase at first glance seems artistically interesting. At first play it is even captivating. The learning curve makes it a difficult game to learn at first, but once you master the basics, it's all downhill from there.While the concept is interesting, the gameplay is remarkably shallow; meaning that this is the kind of game you pick up, play for awhile, and then regret ever looking at.I picked it up for $10, but honestly I would value it at $5. The fact that the devs are saying $20 full price would be humorous if they didn't already have my money. There are much much better titles for $20."
,Recommended,403190,18688864,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,TehBastage,"Planetbase is a good game.  It does have its share of flaws, and it's by no means perfect nor is it something that I think everyone would enjoy.  The AI is probably its most glaring weakness: your colonists are incompetent and their bots are about the same.  Colonists frequently starve themselves simply due to other colonists having actions queued from the other side of the base, or because they're waiting in line to deliver goods to a trade ship, or because they've ignored the fact that they're dying of thirst since they have a construction task at the opposite end of your base from the nearest water fountain.While the AI does leave an awful lot to be desired, games that take a relatively realistic approach to planetary colonisation and resource management are a very rare breed, and despite a couple missteps I still think it's a fun, challenging game with an awful lot on offer if you're a fan of base building.Go nuts with this one, it's pretty rad."
76561198093310434,Recommended,403190,23043611,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,FM83.7,"I tried this on my brother's pc and got hooked straight away. So my few hours of playtime is actually much more, I bought it on my account as well, just to support the developer. Here is my opinion.If you like micro management games, like Banished, Settlers, Cities Skylines, then this game is definitely worth trying. It is constantly challenging. You run out of power, you run out of food or water, intruders cause havoc, your colonists die due to radiation... There is always something, that keeps you focussed. The only issue is the lack of content, but it's only down to the small development team I guess. I tried the so called hardest planet recently and didn't take long to build a massive base on my first try. So the game might end up on the list of your least used games, but again, because of the regular and quality updates there is always a reason to reinstall it and have another go. Buy."
,Recommended,403190,32654823,Posted: 22 June,all,FreeRoasts,"There's nothing more relaxing that trying to force bunch of lazy and slow dumplings with scuffed AI to work, while isisForces or something keep attacking you for no reason."
,Recommended,403190,23242463,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,tomtalk24,"* What do you do?You build a base to house colonists, you rush to get the first roots grounded then work on balancing your whole self significant thing between usage and storage.* Initial thoughts?I have been playing these types of game for years because they are fun, challenging and allow you to be creative. From Warcraft to Sim City, through Command and Conquer to Banished (each being totally different). This game had me playing for 2 days, finding new features and unlocking new ways to advance your colony.* What about after that?Once you unlock each (limited) ""tech tree"" item, passed the first planet. Your not really left with much to aim for. You will move onto a couple more planets, but your left with the same tech to unlock, the same patten of ""build-reduce-increase-build more"". Your only aim now is to just expand that particular colony until you question your time. You repeat the same housing, food, O2, water and energy arrangement over and over again. Creativity then become monotonous.* Well, what you you suggest?Again I like these types of games, but something is missing these days with this and Banished for instance. Its lacking anything fresh, its watered down.  I get the feeling its half finished, one day the dev team gave the game a whirl and thought ""thats alrite"" ""I'ld buy it"" rather than ""how about ground water levels"" or ""research into better robots etc"". Maybe something more to manufacture.* Verdict!It is a well balanced game, everything is weighed out nicely. The initial challenge is good and rewarding. But I just wished it had a little more to do, I would have liked a more adventurous dev team. I would love a game with the depth of games from times of past, but feel like they stopped half way out of boredom. Its worth the £15 and you will have fun, but like Banished (for me) you get to a point, click quit and wont be bothered with it for some time."
76561198041339124,Recommended,403190,22740533,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Paolo,"Great little indy game, had tons of fun with it!If you enjoy space simulation management games, then this one is for you!Devs update the game with new content and fix many bugs too."
76561198079396737,Recommended,403190,31137127,Posted: 14 April,all,Daring Viking,"Honsestly i never went into this game thinking it was going to be this good. When you read reviews telling you ""there is no end goal"" well yes but its a good game for just sittin back and chillin and just try and make one big A** base."
,Not Recommended,403190,30035360,Posted: 19 February,all,Buksevanneren,"This game has no depth or replay value at all. After 1-2 hours of game time you are in the ""end-game"" which consists only of expanding your base in order to get more colonists to move in. There is no point of the game, and no victory condition as far as I can tell.In addition to there being virtually no content in the game, you have to deal with incredibly stupid AI and obvious features that are missing, such as:-Designating what kind of goods that are to be stored in each storage (workers will often carry food all across the base to a different storage than the one right next to the biodome)-Setting individual landing permissions for each landing pad (you can't decide to have traders land close to where you store your supplies and visitors/colonists land close to where you have your security centers)-Setting priorities for the workers tasks (sometimes all my telescope consoles will be vacated at the same time, so that my base fluctuates from 100% intercept chance for meteors to 0% in the blink of an eye)This game seems like a beta game at the moment. Stay clear and buy a good base building game instead!"
76561198003734269,Recommended,403190,23463698,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,AussieMarine,"8 hours in on my first play through and i've had barely any of the issues described in the negative reviews.- Yes, i forgot to watch my food supply and starved all my ""sims"".- Yes, i didn't watch my electrical supply and lost power to my oxygen generators.- Yes, sometimes the workers will put resources into a work station other than the medical lab, causing their fellow comrade to die.There are issues, Yes, but only due to fault of your own. The games not hard, its not unforgiving. You're just doing it wrong. Follow the tutorial, and use similar practices in your own game.One point of criticism; when trading items, if i want to sell my excess goods in exchange for their coins, there shouldn't be commission on their coins.10/10 will allow meteors to kill again"
76561198012531787,Not Recommended,403190,20094877,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,[Oath] Gaminnewf,"It is fun at first, but the more you play around with the mechanics, the more you realize that this game needed at least 6 more months before release.The Good parts:Pretty good soundtrack: The music gives a nice space-like feel about space base building. (kinda like a Mass Effect tune to it)Nice graphical aesthetic: The three planets give the lovely feel of being in separate environments. Each of the three stand out in looks and are not pallet swaps of the desert planet.  (The moon is still my favourite as it gives a nice view of the ring gas giant) The base buildings are a bit bland, but does have cool parts to it, like the meteor lasers for instance.  (pew pew)AI pathing is competent: The AI will bring the right stuff to the right places when it needs to, especially with the food recipes. (well, when it finally does it a few basic meals later.)  They will address their needs before completing their jobs, although sometimes they take this priority a little too high at times.Decent feedback: The game provides a sufficient amount of info when it comes to your base.  It is just enough to figure out what to do to maintain moral and survival.Game is tough, but fair: It get's hard at first when starting up, but with enough practice, you can have a thriving base of high moral and survivability.The Bad parts:Creativity is pretty shallow in comparison to other $20 base building games (Banished): There is little, if any freedom to rotate, well ANYTHING. The only thing that rotates is the warpy view camera.  You can rotate buildings, sort of, when you click on a new building, look at it before you click to build, and then cancel it and load the same building again in hope it's in the right direction you wanted. (Good luck with wasting several hours at that with no pause time button.)Components cannot be rotated, they are destined to be built in whatever slot the building has. If the meal maker, for example,  is placed in one area, then it has to face in one direction only and cannot be turned unless you move it to another slot in the building.   (Creativity takes another hit.)There are not many buildings as there should be, and some buildings don't have much components in them to suit the name of said building. For instance, the bar, and what a shallow bar it is.  Tables, drink machines, tele's and....that's it, no pool tables, dart boards, card tables, or anything entertaining. That's a very boring bar for visitors, I guess people are not picky in the future.Some buildings can be pointless if you've building enough moral boosters.  Pro Tip guys: If you've build cabins, a bar, and have mixed meals, the people will never, if ever use the multipurpose room, unless you've build it in the path towards the bar, then maybe they will use it. But then again, if the bar works, why would you waste the space on the multipurpose room?Camera View is warped: Your base might look nice from one view, but once you move the camera or rotate it, the warped view makes it so you can't tell if your lines are straight or not.  If you're like myself, that wanted to build an effective base to look like a crescent, or the moon, well good luck with that because the camera will never show you whether or not your connections are straight or not.No pause time button: That's right guys and gals, you can slow down time to 1x, but you cannot stop it.  My guess is because the lazor and meteor system glitches when it paused, so they had to minimize that effect.  So have fun starting your base and trying to place the buildings in the right places you want while everyone is running out of oxygen.  Take deep breaths colonists!AI priority system is currently flawed:  Like I said before, the production chains work eventually. Despite the fact that I had the right food to get the good recipes created, the AI will keep trying to make basic meals until their long-term pathing is finished, and then it will start bringing the right food to the meal makers.When it comes to transporting goods to the trade ship, currently, it is so important that it takes priority OVER everything else including survival.  Despite the constant times I had the priority icon activated over buildings, the colonists (ESCPECIALLY THE BRAINDEAD BIOLOGITSTS) drops all of their work to bring a lot of goods to the ship.  By the time it was done, people were now scrambling to get food to the meal makers, because nobody bothered to be on food duty.  This wouldn't be a problem if there was a building and workers that specialize in trading, like Banished for example.  That way, they will worry about the goods, while the rest of the base does their jobs.Not enough info for food:  It nice to know the game tells me how much vegetables and meat I have. I kind of wished I knew how much of each vegetable I had, that way I can refine my trading of vegetables, and not hope the AI accidently gives away all of the mushrooms instead of the excess wheat I had.  (Banished did this better.)Food production need refining:  If you're going to have a long list of recipes for food, then we need at least a button or two on the meal makers, that way the AI, buggy or not, will at least bring the right food to the makers to get the right meals out. I shouldn't have to wait for the AI to have a clue.Meteor Lasers are less effective than they should be: *Engineer looks at a rock going towards a mountain a mile away*""JESUS, IT'S COMING RIGHT AT US!!!!!"" *fires laser* ""Whew, crisis averted."" *Meteor crashes on large bio dome, killing 8 biologists* M-M-M-MONSTER KILL-KILL-KILL-KILL....Lasers at times hit the right rocks, but more often than not, they will aim for rocks that are miles away.  You have to build more lasers to compensate, but I kind of wish the aiming was fixed.Barely any HOT KEYS for building: As far as I know, there are only 2 keys: one for external, and one for Internal buildings.  So have fun mousing over button to get things built in a pinch as the time ticks down.  (Little to any hot keys for a base builder is very lousy in 2015, heck, it would've been unheard of back in the Warcraft 90's. Again, Banished did it better.)Random meteors my butt, Rock God is out to get me:  I'm guessing since there are little disasters in this game, the developers had to make up for it with meteor deaths.  I would say they're random, but either I have the lousiest luck in the world, or the rocks were made to aim for the most populated areas possible. (Bio dome and bunks for example) Hope you like save scumming, because at times you will do it more than your X-Com play though.Don't get me wrong, I still had fun with the game, but I've found the more I played, the more my creative fun was spoiled with these glaring issues.  If you still want to get it, wait a few months to see if they fix  the problems at the very least and hopefully when they let modders go at it, a number of these issues will be dealt with and the game will be more ""finished"" then they claimed it is.  (Oh the reason I mentioned Banished a lot is because it's a counter point to the lousy and weak ""it's a $20 game blah blah blub blah"" excuse.)"
76561198018723886,Not Recommended,403190,25196874,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,iNick,"Planetbase sounds better on paper than it is playing.  Understanding the fact that people will have their own playstyle, yet this game is more of a mandatory play style (and not my style!).  You have to build this object before that object can be placed.  Got to keep the base physically connected, can't split and do two bases.  Can't build too far, or it won't connect, then later when you want to upgrade the building due to a new owned tech that is much bigger, it won't fit because it's then too close to the other parts and won't connect (due to the star pattern each part will connect via).  Concept well done, logic in the game is all wrong.  Cannot recommend, it's a rage game for me."
76561197969287191,Recommended,403190,23126333,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,piddlefoot,"Awesome fun if you like management games.Missing a few features still, seems a very young title, no septic for fertilizer makes no sense sort of thing, and no enemy ai attacking the base yet, not sure if its a planned feature but should be.The game itself though is tricky at first, I killed 100 odd colonists learning and started 10 odd new games doing it, but once you figure the mechanics out its very enjoyable to build a huge base and balance its many different systems.The graphics are sweet, neat and colorful, the sandstorms need work though, very bland at the moment, you can zoom into all buildings and build things into each building after you have constructed the building itself, it requires you ''deck out'' each room so to speak, or its just an empty room, you can build big bases or small, it doesnt force you to have a huge base you can run a small existance if you like, but the real challenge is in a massive base, it has trade ships, colonist ships, visitor ships, all come and you can interact with the trade ships and buy and sell anything you make, which is great, radio scope, tele scope, radar, etc all work, all the systems inside buildings worked for me, I have experience ZERO bugs with this new release, given I have a very high spec PC, that is still very rare on new games to be so bug free, very impressed at the sole developers efforts so far, if he sticks with it and expands on the game he has here I beleive he will make a pretty penny from this project, overall I give the game a big thumbs up for such an early release, even though the game itself isnt that big yet, it is sound in how it works.  Great geame for the price, which for me was around 10 bucks."
,Recommended,403190,24610254,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Pug,"I'm really loving this game but I've hit a couple problems that seem like they should be solvable with a patch.I'll put the TL;DR at the top; the colonists need to not kill themselves.One, recycling something to build something else is nearly impossible sometimes because the materials are dropped where the thing I'm recycling is and I can't build something else there until those materials are gone. My workers don't always clear out that space in a timely fashion even if I have storage space, and this is a showstopper if I'm clearing out something like an air generator for a bigger one.Two, building multiple paths around the base is tricky because often my engineer/bot will get stranded in the middle of the base. There should be some sort of pathfinding for the constructor to get out or to only build connectors from the direction it approached from so it will never get stuck in the first place.Three, I should be able to micromanage a little better on the production. Maybe some sort of queue was needed. Often I'll run out of spares or something even though the factory was prioritized so that the bioplastics could be used on something not crucial, and then my power grid might fail because a solar panel went down. I understand I have to plan better in the first place, but this aspect seems punishing rather than challenging, especially for the first few bases I made where everyone died and it seemed like I could have avoided that if I could put items in a queue.In the same category is not being able to prioritize time. For example, I can tell workers where to put resources, but it seems harder to tell them which machines to work on first to refine resources. In other words, if I could prioritize spares over semiconductors by putting them in separate factories, the workers seem to put bioplastics and metals in the spares first, but still will work on either machine if there are enough resources to fill all those machines. Also, if I need bioplastics asap and have two bioplastics refinery machines, then sometimes a worker will go and work on one machine, walk away, and another worker will walk up and work on the other machine. In the long run this doesn't matter, but if I'm in a crisis that needs bioplastics to be resolved, this is incredibly frustrating to watch.The last one is impractical, but I wish colonists would act more like real people. Like, do you really need to be watching TV when your oxygen generator isn't working because you haven't built that second water farmer I asked for yet? Is it really impossible for the biologist to pick up the worker's slack a little when we need some bioplastics for medical supplies because all the workers have broken bones? Maybe the solution would be to have all colonists able to do certain jobs outside of their specilization if it's simple enough, but at reduced efficiency, or to have a non-specialized worker."
76561197961571258,Not Recommended,403190,18565151,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Coffee_Zombie,"I want to like this game.  It just plays like a pre-release greenlight but with the lack of hope.  It just needs a more intuitive UI and maybe a overhaul of the late game challenge.  Worth it for $10 CA, not the $25 it is selling for now."
76561197972581773,Recommended,403190,34023528,Posted: 4 August,all,Woody,"My two cents. I've built a base with more than 300 colonists while, for the most part, maintaining a welfare rating of good to excellent. The problems I see posted here seem to me to be gamer error. The same errors I made when I started playing. Once I learned the nuances of the game, I didn't see any of the problems people are mentioning on the forum. Unlike many base/city builders, you have to build carefully. Plan ahead. You can't just plop down all the modules you want at one time. One new module can bring the whole base down. The thing is, you need everything all at once. Decisions decisions.I don't see a problem with the AI. Why doesn't that engineer build the corridor when he's right next to it. He's a human. The hell with you, I'm hungry. Besides, Bob's been assigned to build it. Why doesn't he eat? You told the colonist to take inventory to the trade ship or build a mudule. This may sound contradictory, but depending on the size of the trade or the module, it can take many colonist to complete the task, which means other task like food production is delayed. I've only seen a colonist starve if there was no food to eat. Not because he didn't choose to eat. Could the AI be improved. Yes. But it is in no way a game breaker.I've seen only one bug. The trade ship was waiting forever for one item to complete the trade. Apparently, it was somewhere on the map that colonist couldn't get too. Luckily I found this problem in the forum and loaded a save game. This has only happened to me one time.Huge hint - save your game often. You will screw up. You will start over.This game is loads of fun. A casual game. A perfect match for a base/city builder.Could there be improvements to the game. Yea, without going into all of them, I think I can narrow it down to more micro-management. But that's just a personnal opinion.Important hints for newbies.You can't have too many airlocks.Make sure you have enough power, water and oxygen before you add a moduleToo many colonist will bring your base down. Tightly control this.If you make a huge trade or build a huge module, give your base time recover.Take your time. Build slowly. Have fun."
,Not Recommended,403190,23589572,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,aleeesha,"I was pretty excited about it at first, it seemed like a fun management game. But it's so touchy and one small thing can ruin an entire base. I had about 80 people at one point, 4 biodomes, 4 cafeterias, but it wasn't enough all of a sudden for no reason I could discern, and everyone started getting really hungry. I increased priority on the biodomes to make sure there was enough food, but didn't matter, everyone was too hungry to work, thus too hungry to make food, and I just watched them all starve to death... This is just one example of a situation where the scales tip slightly out of your favour and everything is destroyed. There should be a way to micromanage the people a bit more, or direct them to perform a specific task. Like if you're hungry, make food you fools!Anyway, perhaps a few more kinks need to be worked out! I think for now I'm done with the game, was a fun 8ish hours though for the most part, but wouldn't play again."
,Recommended,403190,24798675,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Hispeeday,"Planetbase is actually fun to play. The AI can be somewhat weird in what it chooses to prioritize (big tip: don't think of them as human beings!). The game itself though is quite polished, yet leaves some of the mechanics to be found out by the player (IMO this is part of the game).The ""challenges"" feature introduced a while back is a good (and fun) test where you get to find out how good you actually are at that game. Those ""challenge"" scenarios are provided by the PB community as well as the developers.Also, I found the S category (storm) planets to be sufficiently non-trivial to manage :-)So, if you are looking for a sim game with a little challenge, if you, yes, like Banished, then go ahead, play this game.Also you can get it for 14 Euro in the current survival humble bundle (today's date is 2016-08-09)."
,Recommended,403190,18551050,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,badkenbad,"If you enjoyed Banished, you will love Planetbase. It isn't too deep, but it has a lovely UI and just the right level of complexity for spending a few relaxed hours killing colonists due to starvation, thirst, or power failures.I've only played a few hours, but I'm having a lot of fun with it. I'm pretty sure though that like Banished, once I figure out a good balance of base building and learn the right growth pace, I will have mastered the game and will be ready to move on. There are only so many structures and upgrades you can build. Fortunately that time is, for me, many hours away."
76561197963971354,Not Recommended,403190,34893660,Posted: 11 September,all,Judicator,"After about 10 hours you've played the whole game and there isn't much more. To the games credit it is a mostly fun first 10 hours but then it gets frustrating and repetitive.  The most difficult part of the game is the AI in that your colonists will just not eat, or your biologists will take the week off as your populace starves to death, or one of the more frustrating ones was were my workers just didn't feel like making iron for about 20 minutes even though I had ore, disabled everything else and set it as a priority. Also, the priority setting works when it wants to. If you have two buildings, you want to build one first it works every time but add any complexity and your workers may choose to make spare parts or use the plastic to make a TV instead of making the water collector you desperately need and marked as a priority. This game honestly feels like a prerelease. Seriously it belongs on phones for $2.99 with how much depth it has. Do yourself a favor and pass this game up for something better."
,Not Recommended,403190,25715969,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,Pocket Nerd,"After thirty hours of gameplay, I'm still not sure whether I likePlanetbaseor not. Planetbase promises a rich sci-fi colony builder experience, but never quite delivers.Many of the game's flaws stem from the interface. Credit where it's due: The UI has an attractively minimalist design. Unfortunately, it's fartoominimalist; vital information is often hidden or absent altogether. For example, while I eventually found a way to graph recent O2 levels, there's no easy way to find out how many people one's total O2 production can support. There's no way to see how many colonists are working, resting, or idling at any given moment. Placing buildings is a hassle, and more than once I've had to spend several minutes finding the one-pixel-wide spot where a dome will fit; other times a building or connection simply can't be placed in a location, despite visibly having plenty of room. And, for some inscrutable reason, domes can't be placed adjacent to each other — they always need significant lengths of space-wasting connectors. Other times connectors can't be built between adjacent domes, also for no clear reason.Some obvious base-management tools seem to be missing altogether, and I can't discern whether this is sloppy interface design or a wrongheaded attempt to add challenge by increasing the level of neurotic fiddly-ness required. For example, while one can turn new colonist arrival on or off, and set percentage quotas for job types, there's no way to set a population maximum other than by switching new arrivals off altogether. Worse,Planetbaseprovides only the most rudimentary tools for prioritizing different types of work; it's frustrating when you've got tons of ore but none of your workers seem interested in running your processors to make metal. Similarly, while your guards will monitor base personnel for threats, there's no way to station them in critical areas. The lack of such obvious, common-sense solutions often makesPlanetbasefeel conspicuously artificial; it breaks one's suspension of disbelief.OverallPlanetbasefeels like a brilliant game ruined by terrible design decisions. The single worst thing about playing the game is the constant feeling that it could have been great, but wound up mediocre instead."
,Recommended,403190,23280586,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,bitman,"This game is probably one of the simpler simulation games out there, but it's consistent in it's world engine and rules. There are few surprises once you learn the mechanics of the game, and the game allows you to fail due to dumb decisions or just dumb luck.From a challenge perspective, once you achieve a foundation you're most likely going to succeed unless dumb luck happens - ie days worth of no wind and storms, so your power accumulators all dry out. However, I see that as a bit of realism, we cannot always just use math and rules to predict success. I like the randomness and just having to abandon a base where you just messed up.I would like to see the game evolve even further. More complex dependencies, a bigger world, capability to teraform parts of the planet (in particular the hard levels you may find yourself surrounded by mountains making you unable to build out).  It would also be interesting to see procreation so a base could grow without having to receive immigrants. Having skill levels for the personnel would be interesting too. Anyway - you get the drift.  It's a nice game to just kills some hours with now and then."
,Recommended,403190,34986192,Posted: 15 September,all,TheCrimsonCuckr,"I recently purchased and played this game. It's a fun base building game, It could use more content but it's worth the 11 dollars. I recommend this game.Pros- Multiple Planets.- Easy to run.- Easy to learn.- Cons Cant make separate bases on the same planet.- Not multiplayer.- Not many Mods.- Long Intro."
,Recommended,403190,31491969,Posted: 1 May,all,magee101,"Fun little game, I enjoyed the challenges. It does become very... the same very quickly. Progression is hard at first but once you get to certain levels of colonists it doesn't really become anything more. I think if more is added in the future and the devs keep thinking of new maps and ways to mess with us this can become an absolute pearl of a game. I suggest picking it up when it is on sale until more content is released, then it might be worth the full amount."
,Not Recommended,403190,18567727,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Saffron,"If this was an Early Access I would totally recommend this game, but as a finished product I couldn't.I like the idea behind planetbase, to create a sci fi dwarf fortress clone with simple controls so it's more of a city builder game than a micro management game. Problem is, the current AI is awful, and not letting the player direct control over the units makes it worse.In the end, you have to learn how the AI is supposed to work and try to compesate its flaws by doing things in it's way, rather than having fun and creating the base as you wanted. Not funny at all.Also, the game has only three planets and once you get you base to work there's not much to do. Compared to it's competitors, it feels like a very small and short game."
76561197961632157,Recommended,403190,18578804,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Gula,"WHERE DID MY WEEKEND GO? The first review I read was ""Its like Banished, but in space and you build a colony"" and I was sold. For the price, you can't beat it. Its worth it at the $19.99 price point if you're in to this type of game.I thought I would only spend about 10 hours playing the game. Right now I'm at 18 hours. I can see myself playing this game about 50 hours total over its lifetime.I'm pretty big on the idea behind $1 per hour spent on the game. With Planetbase, I played it all weekend and amassed 16 hours of play time and I'm just now getting to beating the first of three planets. I had so much fun that I'd consider going back and restarting on the basic planet at some point just for kicks.The simulation depth is slightly shallow when it comes to being creative and customizing all the things, but I'm willing to look past that because of how much fun I'm having solving problems. I've heard complaints about people with the AI, but I've not experienced much of it. For the most part, its been pretty predictable or at the very least, semi-logical.One legitimate complaint I have is that its moderately narrow in terms of the player's creativity (some would say ""player agency""). I enjoy the solid challenge for survival that it throws at you, but once you figure it out then there's not much in the way of creative solutions, the game starts to lose its shine.But looking past some of its flaws, I'm a simulation enthusiast and this game hits the spot. 8/10 from me."
76561198142621908,Recommended,403190,29792130,Posted: 8 February,all,mopkins1971,"I'm having a lot of fun with this game - it's easy to learn, and rarely crashes or locks up.  It looks good and there are very few bugs that haven't already been squished.  Devs are active on steam and there are numerous translations available.If you've ever edited .xml files, you'll be able to make your own challenges easily.Good value for the price!"
,Recommended,403190,22626104,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Vosoros,"Planetbase can become rather addictive if you love city builder games such as Banished and Cities: Skylines...When this game begins you'll only have one type of planet you can build a base on, a class D (desert) planet, but as you achieve more milestones you'll be able to build a base on other more challenging types of planets.  And FYI, don't be scared off by the class S (storm) planet just because it's difficulty is classed as suicide.  It's quite pretty if you can manage the challenges it presents.  That said, I personally LOVE the class F (frozen) planet for my ideal base.I hope if you choose to buy and play this game that you get the same pleasure out of it as I have and continue to have..."
76561198116504506,Not Recommended,403190,32970324,Posted: 28 June,all,illegalclown691,PROS:i like this game and its hard resource management or i just suck but anyway i have lots of colonists in my vibrant communityand the maps let you have almost unlimited space to build and i like the the whole get as large as you want feelling but managing power and water and the colonys needs is challengingCONS: ive had to restart many times because the ai kills itsself if you get larger because they starve themselves for example i had 34 colonists and i had 160+ food and plenty of water and they all died of starvation and the ai dosent bother to make more things after you have two of the same room and theres not much varity in terms of buildings and heck theres more plant varityso i recomend if you want a chalenging colony game with contenti dont recomend if dont like dumb ai and repetive gameplay
76561198180025233,Recommended,403190,25472298,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Tank JoyRide,The game is very fun! Its never the same. Its suppenseful and Thrilling! I Love this game. However i wish the ability to freely place an oxygen generator any where once the base is bulit was in it. Outside of that it is Hilariouly fun and great game!
,Not Recommended,403190,30102397,Posted: 22 February,all,Voodoojedizin,"Good idea bad AI.They will die of starvation, but no one will work.They will not produce, even if you have an abundant supply of raw materials.The list goes on, I think you get the idea.It's just frustrating, not the kind of frustration I find fun."
,Not Recommended,403190,18499985,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Doombox,"The game works beautifully as far as I can tell, runs absolutely fine. However it's incredibly shallow and consists of nothing more than a very repetetive balancing act, battling with the map you've been given to place increasingly large numbers of structures whilst hoping things pan out with your factories and such.It's far too shallow and requires an inhuman amount of patience to deal with production misery for me to recommend this, but if you really want a game about colonising a planet, then this might do it for you.EDIT:Someone called me out on my profile for only having played just over an hour, so I'll explain why I didn't need any more time - Once you've completed the absolute bare essentials of a base which takes around 20 minutes of getting the balance right and building things in a pretty set order, the game becomes a repetetive slog of repeating the process of adding things to your base as you need them (which is sometimes difficult because the connections system is often interfered with by the terrain with no real way to understand why), there is almost no complexity to the game, I'd compare it to Banished with far less content.In addition, simply checking your resources requires several clicks through menus, a lack of resource display on the main UI and decent hotkeys makes the game a pretty miserable experience unless you're really committed to it.EDIT 2:I guess I need to add another edit explaining why my low game time isn't a good enough reason to ignore this review. The game showed no form of complexity or advancement in the first 2 hours, if a game is incapable of getting you on the hook then that's entirely the game's fault. You can unlock the majority of the buildings you'll be using all the time within 15 minutes of starting the game, and you'll be using them so often that I got bored incredibly fast. The game doesn't go anywhere and the only thing you've got to worry about is randomly having your life made even harder by one of the ""disasters"" which amount of having to spend more time alt tabbed out waiting for things to be repaired.The game is as shallow as a puddle, there's simply no reason to play this over one of the many other far more interesting citybuilding games which have far more freedom and a lot more content. Quite why people are attacking me and coming to this game's defense so quickly - smells very fishy to me."
76561198133610769,Recommended,403190,34031379,Posted: 4 August,all,The Richham,"Great game . I was going great guns at slowly building up a Giant moon colony . I had overcome starvation , illness , radiation and meteor after meteor , was ready for the next phase of buying patents to produce my own Driller and constructor Bots when Intruders attacked and wiped out my Colony . Can be a hard and unforgiving game but it is a real challenge . There are 2 easier modes ( and 1 harder mode ) , than the Giant moon colony mode , which I at least think I have partially mastered .  For the price this game is very good value and is worth buying if you like base building survival games . A big thumbs up from me ."
76561197970329457,Recommended,403190,24282899,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Al Paradise,"It's clunky and not very deep. Likewise the pathfinding and AI in general is relatively dumb.But there are so few good base management sims out there that it really stands out.If you enjoyed Banished and are looking for something similar, here's the next best thing."
76561197972998857,Recommended,403190,22872564,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,uhlatek,"Fun building game.  Most of the challenge is in getting setup.  Some frustrations in upgrading / changing an existing dome to something else, even with the same foot print.  Hopefully they add more content before long."
76561198117287352,Recommended,403190,29443376,Posted: 23 January,all,SLC,"This game is a hard one to judge.Let me explain:Planetbase has a good premise: Setteling on a new planet under hostile coniditions, having to deal with the lack of oxygen and the hostile environment. The game starts of quite easy, a ship lands with colonists and you have to go and, well, colonise the planet.At the beginning things work out quite well, everything goes the right way, you have set up a nice base and start getting more population by people which land at the landing pad and arrive.Here is where the issues start: The AI. The game would be fun if the AI were not terrible. There are times where my storage was full with unrefined titanium which was then lacking for essential build construction, loads of starch but no bioplastic being made, enough materials to make spare parts which were not produced because the engineers could not be bothered.It sounds terrible, and at some stage it really is, but at the same time the game also I quite good fun - until you reach a point where you can't really do anything but expand your base to the predetermined limits of the planet, expanding the same structures over and over and creating a sustainable economy. You would at least, if the biologists would do their job properly.I recommend this game because it is fun, but I don't with the current price point. Get it in sale, and maybe wait for future updates.One more thing: I only ever played on one planet, so I can only speak for the starting planet (mars)"
,Recommended,403190,31799544,Posted: 16 May,all,FractalizeR,This is a really great management strategy. The only downside here for casual gamer is that it offers very little of replayability. There are only 5 planets and they are actually difficulty levels. Very little is varied between them. But I got my like 10 hours of pleasure!
76561198041799358,Recommended,403190,35136890,Posted: 22 September,all,gavman,"I really love this game, love the look and feel, gameplay is fun but does get dull after a while.I would love to see alot more content for it or have it opened to mods on steam. At the momentit is a game I pick up every now and again for a few hours of fun :)"
76561198124156283,Recommended,403190,24104198,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,ghostste@m217,"I think that I have played this enough to give it a thorough review.To start - the concept rocks and the execution was spot on. When you first play this game you do get an initial sense of being on a deserted planet and that for me was a great start. The graphics was great, the atmosphere was great, the animations and sound effects was great and the feeling was just right.Aside from the immersion, the gameplay itself is awesome - however short lived. I can guarantee you will enjoy the first 5 - 8 hours of this game assuming you played the tutorial. But then after 12 hours or even 15, it can get a bit repetitive. Obviously a major problem with the game is goals - like what happens when I build a huge base with 300 colonists 100 robots and all the techs? Do it again on another planet? The developers respectfully updated the game to include challenges to give the game a bit more of a purpose, but for what it is you can expect this game to sit in your library untouched for a long time after the first 20 hours of gameplay. Sad, I know.This doesn't mean however you shouldn't buy it. Every city building game has the same repetition problems - in this one the dev's at least had the courtesy to take the edge off with mod support.Some complain about the 'imbalance' of the game. Yes - I did forget to upgrade my power and watch all my colonists asphyxiate, yes the dumb colonists didn't make enough food and died, and yes I forgot to make a mine and factory to continue expanding. But these are learning curves - and you can see these people played for less than 2 hours and likely didn't bother with the tutorial. So don't listen to them. The balance in this game is perfect - once you found the equalibrim you will gain satisfaction in watching your colony grow.So please - buy this and enjoy it. And please go through the tutorial."
,Recommended,403190,28722884,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,aardvarkwizard,"I tend to call this game ""Banished in space"", but I think it's a little less forgiving than Banished. One mistake that you may not figure out for a while could destroy your whole base. It takes some practice, but once you are able to get everything running at high levels of redundancy (probably much like a real space colony would be), it's fun to watch it chug along."
76561198084888295,Recommended,403190,34114343,Posted: 8 August,all,marra.christopher749,"WARNING! This game is NOT for the impatient..This game is frustrating at best; however, that is what keeps' me coming back for me...Logistics and Supply chains are your main concern, secondary to that is the anticipating the rather dumb AI priority system. It is flawed to say the least. For some reason colonist put repairing structures over their own hunger and will die of starvation before taking a break to grab a snack...The natural hazards are unpredictable and often can have you crashing to your knee asking your local diety WHY?!But, this game will keep you entertained, it is VERY unforgiving.. My first 5 - 10 colonies did not make it very far, very long.. before random bouts of starvation of either food or oxygen ravaged your colony.. and they die.. they die all to easy.. in moments you can go from 30 colonist to 0.. before you've even read the warning that it was happening..It is city managament; but not micro managament.. if anything i wished they had the ability to direct colonist to certain tasks as and when needed.. but.. i also think this game would not be what it is, if it did not have the mechanics it did..WELL WORTH THE BUY!"
,Recommended,403190,34196370,Posted: 12 August,all,Jean-Arnhem,"Full review can be found on the Indie Detective Reviews series:https://youtu.be/CGOPvDUfHkI?t=2m57sPlanetbase is one of those games that I keep coming back to. I can play a few hours here and there, and its very easy to get a new base started. This game is about planning, or at least knowing and following the rules for expansion. Industry takes a bit of time to take off, but once you get the materials you'll be sprawling in no time. Probably the most frustrating - but necessary - part of the game is natural disasters. A meteor can kill a dozen colonists with a well-placed hit. Just bite the bullet and rebuild, bring in new bodies.The depth of the game comes from upping the difficulty for yourself. Once your first colony is doing ok, move to a harder planet, and try your hand there. On top of that, the Devs continue to release content for the game, even as it pushes its second year of release. New missions, mini-campaigns, and workshop content keeps the game fresh.A good value for its price."
,Recommended,403190,34997200,Posted: 16 September,all,[RED] ?NapaKiller¿,"Really nice game didnt have any problems with the AI. People are so used with all the new games thats are made for kids, first sine of difficult , ITS A BUGGGG lol kids!!!! Honestly its been a while i've been looking for a game like this.PS: The colonists are fine, people just don't know how to build a proper base."
76561198062860008,Recommended,403190,19321531,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,666,"Exellent. Though I want more... More upgrades to buy, more different kinds of planets to colonoze,... more of everything.  But the game is good as it is now, extreamly enterteining if you like genre. If you dont, it will be boring. Game is slowish to start properly, it takes hours to play to get a working colony which you start to pimp up. And everything affects everything.... mistakes and ignorance is lethal to the colony. When you start to play this game, mistakes are common. There also is not clear EOG (end of game) on the planets. It's players choise to begin new one."
,Recommended,403190,34946255,Posted: 14 September,all,kekik,Banished in space
76561198013414567,Not Recommended,403190,22241065,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,HenkEnRia,"Once you have learned how to build a base it gets boring. There are no levels, just different environments. There is no 'endgame'.Have a good base running on the first planet and now I'm bored as hell, regret buying this..."
,Recommended,403190,19109400,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,CommissarBRO,"I love this game. This is basically a Banished I can get behind. Banished in Space is the most simple way of describing it but honestly I feel like it's a more balanced, interesting experience. To start off, you have a few starting resources which you use to become sustainable, essentially you're not dead. By mining new resources, processing and growing crops, you build up enough resources to start expanding your base. Eventually you'll have a town (of sorts) where traders and new colonists will regularly visit. Personally, I find the survival portions of the game to be the most fun as the challenge is intense. You never know if a stray meteorite is going to ruin all your efforts or if you forget to close the airlocks of your base during a sandstorm, colonists can stray outside which can lead to their deaths. It's fun and requires heavy micromanagement. The concepts are simple but the right formula for survival will keep players on their toes. I definitely recommend this Economic survival Base Building game.Gameplay Review:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n4e7Ouw2cZo"
,Recommended,403190,18532342,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Dutchoper72,"A very fun and addictive game if you are a fan of base building and space. This game reminds me of SpaceBase DF-9, but it is fully made and the Devs did not leave it."
,Recommended,403190,26075426,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Emperor Nick,"I am very much enjoying this game. It's fun and challenging. I haven't experienced the colonist AI issues that are mentioned in some of the other comments. There are features I would like to see:1) ability to upgrade structures already placed to a larger size, to increase density without demolishing. They could grow to take up some of the connection tube length around them and be limited when two domes nearly touch.2) Terraforming tools to expand valleys and improve your location.3) Ability to set bot populations like the colonists: tell your robotics facility how many or what percentage of each bot to build.4) More end-game content?Overall this game is great with a lot of potential."
,Recommended,403190,25935440,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,rob_bart,"Well, I like this game in general.I like the feel of creating a thriving base.  There is something fulfilling about seeing ships landing, and little dudes walking around doing stuff.But, as others have pointed out, if you start a game, and the location is bad... just restart the game.  There is no harm in doing that. But you CANNOT overcome a bad starting location.I wish there was more low level information about the morale, and I wish the AI was smarter about who does what and when.For example, take supply ships.If you do end up selling to a trader a bunch of goods, you don't get anything OFF LOADED from the ship until ALL OF YOUR IMPORTANT AI's have stopped doing what they are doing, and carried stuff TO the ship.I really wish I could set priorities for my little dudes... some things are really more important than others, and some things you want done with certain people.There really is no insight into how the game decides who does what.In reality, I would imagine that there is some base commander who divies out the work, and sets daily work schedules.  This game certainly should have something like that.  If it did, you could perhaps then be able to actually set priorities without overriding the in-game AI.I do like to play this game though.  I enjoy whiling away the hours just building bases.It's fun."
,Recommended,403190,24213905,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Juris Fabium,"Great game, but it lacks stability in order to avoid a long term built colony to collapse on its own.It also needs more improving and work in the AI so idle colonists stop wasting time when there are tasks assigned.Addictive nevertheless.Undoubtedly promising.Must solve the bug of driller bots disappearing during trades without goods being returned."
76561198054830138,Not Recommended,403190,32732740,Posted: 24 June,all,Festour,"Developpers doesnt really understand how colony should looks in the future. So, we can build only stupid camping park, without any good tool to manage colony. On the end of game, you can risk kill your colony, just because your camping became too complex for yours colonist AI, and they will starve and die, even if there is a lot of supply in storage. And you cant just order that stupid colonist go and grab some food for him.Also, its really hard to rebuild your colony, because game doesnt give to yours colonist a way or a tool, to pass over yours domes and theirs connections to each other.I'm very sad what i understood it after more than 2 hours of gameplay, so i didnt able to get refund..."
,Recommended,403190,25467464,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,doughboy97,a very challenging game but its very rewarding in the end when you actually make a base
76561198040767576,Recommended,403190,22946832,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Roboticus,"Personal rating: 856 / 1000. Like Banished in space albeit considerably simpler. The day-night cycle for solar power and the wind-no-wind cycle for turbines creates a similar dynamic to the summer/winter feeling of banished. Unlike Banished, storing sufficient reserves remains challenging even into endgame. This is partially because the devs implement a clever mechanic where energy production facilities require spare-parts over time which means you cannot solve the energy production challenge with massive over-investment in fixed capital (as it would burden other parts of your economy having to meet spare-parts demand for low-valued power surpluses. The game needs more content and much harder difficulty settings. The hardest setting only is challenging for the first few days."
,Recommended,403190,28756471,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,ThisJust_In,"This game is quite fun and I find the level of difficulty in managing your colony to be quite fun.  You have to be really vigilant in managing your recruiting and building etc.  Resource and colonist management is CRUCIAL in this game but when your colony fails, it's often a learning experience and still fun.  Sure, in any game starting over can suck, but when a game is done well, the entertainment value overrides the frustration.Most negative reviews I have read on here stem from people who don't understand the mechanics of the game and blame poor AI or bugs but in reality, they overlooked something critical.  In an age where too many games coming out are too easy, this game is quite a refresher.  I don't often like games that are TOO hard myself as I am a casual gamer, but this game has the right balance of difficulty and play-ability as well as enough resources available to read to learn what mistakes you are making.  Looking forward to putting many more hours into this game.  Definitely recommend if you like complex city builders that require diligent management to keep you on your toes without being completely impossible."
,Recommended,403190,24038587,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Moby-Dick,Couple hours into the game there comes a night with no wind. Batteries are depleting fast. Everyone is sleeping the dorm. Meteor comes down and crashes into dorm. Everyone dies leaving 1 robot. The story of Wallie 2 begins.10/10 would let everyone die again.
76561198006555408,Recommended,403190,34237878,Posted: 14 August,all,NickNitro,"This is a fun relaxing game. Reminds me of the game ""Banished"" except simpler in the way that you don't assing people to jobs, they have their pre-determined roles. Although this can be a bad thing because if something happens and only a single class dies, everybody eventually dies.To clarify some other reviews here about bad AI, there is a slight flaw but it's easy to work around. Basically they build the last thing you put down first. So if you start dropping building all over the place, it's going to take forever and nothing will get build because you run out of resources pretty fast. If you build them one at a time, everything is fine. You can also prioritize your constructions/jobs. Other than that, The game is perfectly fine.This is not a game you can run through a level in 30 minutes and go to the next one. There's 4 levels and I've been on the same level for 7 hours now (I'm also playing at the max 4X speed) and i'm not even close to finishing it. A lot of planning and balancing is required. One thing goes bad and your colony either dies or get to a point where you can't recoup.A good buy for sure!"
,Recommended,403190,26509950,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,lxlok,"The atmosphere makes this game.The sound and graphics capture the grandness of it all and is uncompromising- no tacked on comical relief thank god, just plain interstellar survival. Immersion is almost complete, randomly generated environments and realistic movements and interesting machinery makes this game a lot of fun to play, and keeps replayability high. You will find yourself wanting to try ""just one more time"" to get it right, and it feels good achieving development goals. The game makes you feel taken seriously when you manage to establish self sufficiency, or expansion states. Graphics zoom out, you get an acknowledgment, and it boosts your morale to keep going.There are a bunch of different planets which all come with their own dangers, and the graphics truly make you feel like you're on another planet completely, whether it is the moon, Mars, or some icy moon.Starting a new game kind of feels like starting a game of Civilization- what have we here, ok, let's make the best of the situation.While random, the way to achieve victory is fairly linear, but you are never forced to make decisions by the game. Storms, solar flares and meteors provide a constant sense of danger, and hearing the station alarm go off does feel important enough to raise your pulse.If you're a fan of space, space colonization and pretending you're on a different world, this one is for you. The game isn't perfect, but for what it is, it's worth every single penny, and I love it."
76561198030937485,Recommended,403190,28611863,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Odoacer,"I picked this game up when it was on sale.  My expectations were low, but the advertisement looked good so I thought I would give it a try.  Turns out this is actually an awesome game.  I have to say, very well done.  For those looking for an easy to learn yet challenging game, I give you this as a strong recommendation to add to your collection."
,Recommended,403190,28942830,Posted: 2 January,all,Blow Dog,"An engaging, pleasant distraction.As a base building game, it has relatively simple mechanics and once you've done the tutorial, you're encouraged to start your own base. Except the tutorial pretty much almost goes through the whole game, leaving you very little else to discover.I've not yet cracked it with my base constantly reaching an early plateau then sending me into a blind rage as half my colonists die of starvation as my vegetables all sit there decaying. So there's a challenge still there, but honestly I'm not sure how long it will last."
76561198026530672,Recommended,403190,29953684,Posted: 15 February,all,Wamphyr,Have spent a lot of time playing this lately. Love the challenge of setting things up to survive. As time passes it gets more challenging which keeps thing interesting. Highly recommend this game
76561197968207989,Recommended,403190,18578839,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Tersidre,"Ill keep it short.Planet base is one of the best base building / micro management games that I can think of in recent history. Its a slow methodical game that requires you to keep everything in balance if you want your colony to grow. The three planets each offer different variations on the same theme with different starting conditions. They each have their own environmental issues to deal with as well. For example the third planet which is a moon that has no atmosphere means you will be relying on solar power. The second planet has a dense atmosphere that light doesnt penetrate very well so its wind energy.The game has a way of throwing you curve balls right when you don't want it to causing you to make sudden changes to what you are doing to adapt, if you fail to do so a colony that was thriving that you spent a couple of hours on can literally be rendered unsustainable within a few seconds if you don't have what you need when something bad happens such as a sudden solar flare or armed intruders enter your base and you have no armed guards to fight them and they proceed to gun down all of your workers or biologists.Fun game, easy to get into and widdle the hours away tweaking things and watching your colonists do their thing under your iron fist.Couple of A.I. issues in the colonists that I have noticed, just minor annoyances in their priorities as they go about doing their thing. Other then that. Solid game.If you are interested in this kind of game set in a sci-fi/futurists setting then pick it up. I have easily gotten my money's worth out of it. Trying to finish up getting all the achievements. Good times."
,Recommended,403190,31749824,Posted: 14 May,all,Maritsema,I am very enthusiastic about this game. I've played several games like anno before and this game is for me at least as good. I have spend many hours on this game and I still enjoy. The one backdraw i have for now is that it is limited in features.
,Recommended,403190,35167820,Posted: 23 September,all,SM00THIE | csgobig.com,"It is fun for a few hours. The progression is slow going, making mistakes and replays difficult to endure. I found the game turned stale rather quickly. I havnt given up though, just for now I plan to move onto other games.Looks good, feels good, and has a lot of depth. For that I can reccomend the game - if you like management and strategy, give it a go.But for the actual gameplay,  it just hasnt worked for me so far. With that in mind, I recommend buying on sale.Edit: Just want to throw in a quick edit and mention that the community guides are your friends! A quick browse through them will do wonders for your experience."
76561198021695664,Not Recommended,403190,18564293,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,joevo2,"basically ""banished"" in space, to be honest if you like this type of game, you better go with banished is way better especially the AI. This game the AI sucks like♥♥♥♥♥♥ food is right beside them and they dont eat. If your biologist all died u can just end the game, all the other person would look at the plant and strave to death. When  they are hungry they dont really work and they just starve to death again. Is a balancing game and a balancing game that u dont have much control over it. If you tipped off the balance u will just die most of the time cannot reassign the people and start again. Banished have much better control and gameplay as well as AI this game sucks kinda wasted my money no joke about that"
76561198119481936,Recommended,403190,33693770,Posted: 21 July,all,krugg.the.browser,"Don't let my low playtime fool you, I had the GOG version first and spent more time playing than a person should. :)Back when I first started playing, this game was so hard.  Not because of the challenge... but because my people were autistic and tended to not do anything they were meant to do.  It was frustrating... and I quit for awhile, which turned into a long time.  Now that I've picked it up again I'm honestly impressed.  The graphics were great from start, but now they seem to be even better yet they don't slow down my laptop (it's an old i3, intel 4000 graphics)  so that made me happy.  Even better now the colonists do their jobs and don't have nearly as much trouble finding their way around the base.  If I die now, it's 90% my fault rather than the shoddy AI's.The devs seem to be very involved with this game and are constantly working on it, updates are pretty frequent from what I've seen and the community also is helpful and there's a lot of great guides and people to ask for advice when you get stuck.The game itself isn't overly complicated but you need to build with balance if you want to make it past the first couple days.  There's a goodly amount of planet types to choose from, though you have to unlock them by getting acheivements in a particular base.  Other than that it's a pretty good builder, easy to grasp but hard to master, pretty much the way I like things to be.So if you were holding off from buying this due to rumors of bad AI, don't hold back anymore.  This is a great game and it's a good deal whether on sale or at full price."
,Recommended,403190,24049445,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Flipmonger,"Outstanding game, well-worth the 13.99 (on July 4th Sale)!  Playing the tutorial is a MUST as it will highlight basic starting structures needed to build your base! This game is indeed a test of patience as you may find yourself replaying from certain save-points you've made earlier.  I only wish it allowed you to customize the name of saved games as-to allow you to separate different base-builds on the same scenario.  If the developers incorporated this, I think it would definitely exponentiate the replayability of this game.The challenge of starting small and building big is intense - you'll have to decide and plan (for future expansion & upgrades) your design layout to allow a particular section to go-offline & be able to recycle it without having to sacrifice multiple sections to do so.  You'll be juggling priorities for oxygen, food, water, supplies, maintenance, health, security, trade goods and colony morale while putting up with random obstacles that will cause you to pull-out your hair (if you have any). I love the fact that it isn't easy - requiring constant maintenance and smart-thinking to effectively expand & upgrade and ultimately survive.  It reminds me of the gameplay of Caesar-series (from DOS to Win98 days).  Definitely one of the best games in my collection thats currently occupying most of my leisure time. I must also commend the developers on the very helpful assignment of WASD(+QE) keys to effectively control the camera-view's pan & rotate functions! Awesome game!"
,Recommended,403190,25286358,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,zob553,"Very interesting Game wich is very nice to play. It also does not get boring because you have to try several times before you acually figuere out how to conquere the ""Planet"" or the level. I totally recommend the game to anyone who is interested in a little bit of space travel but more interested in setteling down on a different planet.Sorry for any Word misstakes but im a german guy so please no hate :D"
76561197991798166,Not Recommended,403190,21896967,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,Wandering Mania,"I can only recomend this game as more of an expeariment to watch TRUE Artificial Idiots (AI*) kill themselves. But for any thing other than that I would say don't waste your money. At the time of writing this the latest patch ""Improves the AI's 'self preservation'"". Does it really?First my workers ignored the ""high prioity"" set metal prossers with 3 ore a piece in them to make the steel needed to make more spare parts. When they finaly made the parts to fix the power producers.I just watched as 3 wind turbines fail in the middle of the night 2 seconds before a sandstom (which could have changed the entire outcome if at least one had been fixed). The ""AI*"" right before that decided the solar pannals that where NOT EVEN BEING USED AT THE TIME where more of a prioity to repair.This FAIL in proper ""AI*"" priorization caused all power to be lost and the O2 levels droped to zero killing every one.The ""AI*"" in this game is a joke. The only way I could see this game is ""What happens when the dumbest idiots try to populate a new planet"".Edit: After further game time the above still stands but with an exception. There is no build queue for the colonists (at least at the moment) so you are forced to build one thing at a time. Or it can end up being the total death of your settlement. If you like to place a bunch of buildings all at once, then you must have the resources to build them all at once. The AI in this game will try to build every structure at once. Unlike in some other 'city builder' games, where the AI focuses on constructing the set buildings in the order they are placed.At the current time of writing this, that function is not in play. Though if you (the reader) can use the 'work around' and/or don't mind that 'rule', the game might be for you.I, do however find it a bit annoying and can not in good conscience recommend this title until that feature is a part of the game."
76561198073811639,Not Recommended,403190,19103025,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,SomeOldBloke,"To basic, it needs a lot of work. Not enough module types and a lack of options for connectivity. Should have multi-layered modules."
76561197972440475,Recommended,403190,23544595,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,Warp005,Great game. However it does get a little repetitive. Would like too see dlc that adds new buildings and tech
76561198149909970,Recommended,403190,24358935,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Po The Pimp,"Many other reviewers have said that the game ulitmately lacks depth, however I would disagree. With such large variety in planets, conditions and scenarios the game has much replayability. Furthermore this is a basebuilding game when you can't loose focus. One wrong move and you have no power and everyone suffocates, or no food and everyone starves (Need to introduce a cannibalisation mechanic ;) ) ergo the game can just as easily get harder the further your base progresses. I have only played for just over 10 hours but can easily see myself playing for another 40. I look forward to any new content etc, great work!"
76561198030763970,Not Recommended,403190,18634115,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,AppleofDeath,"Pros:A survival game where you didn't need zombies to feel scared.You are pretty much playing Mars One, if that ever happens.Con:The AI makes it miserable. Idle time is way too long, once something goes wrong, there's almost no way for a recovery. Either let people micromanage the resident to some degree or make the AI better."
76561198071951535,Not Recommended,403190,18831878,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,barjack521,"I was so excited for this game but the AI ruined it for me. You have to keep buildings repaired and for that you make spare parts. The Ai will NEVER make spare parts, no matter how highly you set the priority. You can turn off literally EVERY OTHER OPTION FOR YOUR ENGINEERS, including canceling construction, and they will sit idle rather than make spare parts. If you do get them to make some, they will let the base fall apart and never fix what is broken and killing them. If they overhaul the AI I may think about playing again. If you think this is an isolated critique, think again, there are pages and pages of forum and reddit discussions over this EXACT problem.https://www.reddit.com/r/Planetbase/comments/3pnxwh/they_refused_to_make_spare_parts_15_engineers_36/https://steamcommunity.com/app/403190/discussions/0/483367798514281753/"
,Not Recommended,403190,18659363,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Junaii,"Frustrating mechanics and very little control over your base or its inhabitants spoil what could of been a decent space city builder.Resource & progression balance is so off that you have very little actual control over your base and can only really build the same blueprint again and again following the developers prescribed progression path. None of your bases ever have much in the way of personalisation or character and are only very slightly different layout from your previous bases because of minor terrain differences.The learning curve is a series usually plays out like this: I'll try to build a slightly bigger solar panel so I have more power.. oh, that doesnt work as I run out of metal before I can build a mine.Eventually by trial and error, rather than discovery and testing ideas, you learn the very strict, linear progression steps base building ..and thats it. Once you have that there is no more to do, to learn or to try.The AI is pretty dim witted with your little colonists dropping dead from idiocy most often which can get veryu frustrating.It looks good, the graphics are nice and appealing and I dont think this game is a lost cause just yet. If the developers had released this as an early access game I would see great potential and be following it. As a finished game, they've missed the mark somewhat but if they expanded the mechanics and balanced it better, allowing for more creativity and more varied and valid approaches to succeed then this could be great.I would avoid this until that day comes sadly"
76561198042063210,Recommended,403190,31818563,Posted: 18 May,all,sconi_d,A great game with high developer support! Would not hesitate to buy another game by these guys!
,Not Recommended,403190,18923176,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,JimmmyD,"Review current as of November 2015 -Overall I can't recommend this game as it really doesn't feel like ""fun"" - I bought the game after watching a Youtuber (Many a True Nerd) and being genuinely excited- other reviews have touched upon the AI's stupidity (which for the life of me I can't wrap my head around) and the burtality of getting the balance of production vs consumption wrong whilst buffering for the RNG of falling meteors, map placement and sandstorms.Pro's:- Extremely challenging when it feels like the game is ""working""- great conceptCons:- AI will frustrate and confuse you, you have no way of interacting or even truely forcing an action, this is dumb and makes your role feel less of an overseer/protector and more of a dimwit with a spreadsheet.- RNG is king in this game, Sandstorms destroy your ability to relyably generate power, AI might decide to stop tending crops in favour of something else, You can't micro manage so you may be overproducing a resource when you really want the machine next to it, Power generation cannot be accurately gauged as wind is extremely tempremental and using solar only + batteries isn't viable.- Some maps you'll literally get to the ground, watch the stupid cutscene and realise the map isn't playable - (I got one where it was a valley barely big enough to chain structures together (realistic yes/Fun no)- The brutality would be fine if the game supported better mechanics - e.g. putting wind turbines on hills/windy locations - hidng your landing pads in areas out of the wind to help mitigate sandstorms, even just creating airlock/tunnel space to allow you to remove/replace buildings you had outgrown.- RNG controls your development, you need to buy plans for more advanced bots/buildings these plans cost a fortune IF they come before you lose your constructor bot you might have a chance but I've literally had colonies fail on the back of not being able to get another constructor prior to it's lifespan running out (Yes your robots die too).All in all I didn't have fun even on the easiest difficulty and the harder difficulties are locked behind progression in the easiest - the game just needs some polish and maybe a balance tune to push RNG controlled victory to the medium/hard levels."
76561198013868905,Recommended,403190,18926988,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Efyx,"Excellent work.Difficulty is just right, the game is just enough complex, and most importantly relatively light in comparison to similar games.Keep up that good work !"
76561198017597298,Not Recommended,403190,18606156,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Markov219,when its good its good when it bugs and purposely screws you then im just glad its not disc based or i would need to replace my microwave. to sum up the npc intelligence they shot the dumbest scientists into space and you have to help them survive...please for the love of all things sacred make them smarter damnit!!!
,Not Recommended,403190,18513953,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Matsu,"takes 2-3 hours to really understand whats going on and not to die ... but half ot the workers not doing they jobs and looks like you need 20-30 people to do a 5 man jobs . and half of them just going around and eating and drink .even if everything was ok and you understand the game ... nothing to do after 30-60 minutes , just to do the same thing even with disasters  . The game is VERY nice but its like song that repeat himself every damn 5 minutes .Need to add some improvments , the game have good potential to be fun and chalanging .For single player is boring ...hope to see patch soon , if not its a waste of money ."
76561198048241136,Recommended,403190,18518138,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,True Son of The Emperor,"I must say this game is very addictive. Over all I would say this game is great for both the casual gamer and those dedicated to marathon gaming.  I will warn you though be prepared for all your poeple to die due to a random issue you didnt see coming.  Happened to me just a moment ago lost nearly 70% of my population due to lack of people maintaining my food supply, I simply expanded my farming without enough people and it nearly cost me the game.  Will also give you this friendly warning don't build small structures in the very beginning, build medium structures, saves you from haveing to deal with food or other shortages for the first few hours until you get a decent population."
,Recommended,403190,19556495,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,saucey,"At first a really simple game: build, survive, trade. It gets really complex and there are so many things that could go wrong: lack of oxygen, lack of power, sandstorms, meteors, marauders. So far, really enjoying this game."
76561198007289136,Not Recommended,403190,18549859,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,johnny6973,"I liked the idea of this game. We have all seen the city builders before but not too many attempt to do it on an alien planet. It intrigues. Imagine all the different sorts of problems you will encounter trying to sustain a colony on a foriegn planet. But sadly this game falls short of the mark.You have basic resources in the game for building, sustaining day to day life, and meeting more advanced needs of the colony. Your basic building blocks are metal and bioplastic. Metal is a refined product from mining as bioplastic is a refined product from vegetation which is grown in your biolab. Food is also grown and synthesized. You can grow a plant when refined makes a medical kit of sorts to heal your colonists. You can make a modular part in a more advanced factory which is used to generally repair everything.Your colonists themselves have basic needs they will seek to meet. Hunger, sleep, hydration, moral, and such. They seek these needs out through the various structures and subsystems inside the structures you build. There are different types of colonists and each one fulfills a specific role. Engineers, biologists, workers, medics, and guards. This all sounds good, right?The problem comes in implementation. You have control over what is built. You can put in all the pieces for a sustainable colony. The problem is the colonists. They do not do their jobs. I sat and watched them for a couple hours experimenting with their behavior. I built a large solar array which I knew I did not have enough metal for. I was one metal short. I had all the pieces in place to make the metal. I had all the resources in abundance to make the metal. So naturally the AI would, as a consequence would make a piece of metal considering I had the material, facilities, and adaquate labor force in place. I watched for about 15 minutes. Sometimes they would go to the metal machine for a few moments then leave. Most times the AI when not eating and sleeping or carrying items, didn't do anything. They would mill about as if confused. I have seen colonists starve to death milling around when there was a lot of food. I tried building multiple food stations. I've used the ""prioritize"" button. In short, to put it in basic vernacular, the game sucks major♥♥♥♥♥ In the future any game with this developers name on it should be viewed with suspician and contempt.In short you can do everything right and sit there frustrated because the thing you cannot control simply doesn't work at all or works poorly (taking 40 minutes to make 1 piece of metal) The behavioral AI in this game is simply dog excrement. And there is no way anyone is stupid enough to release this and not know. So what you have is a dishonest game company looking to screw over Joe consumer selling them what they know is a poor product. It is a bad game with a good idea. The fact that they released it as is says this will be as good as it gets. Look for some empty vague promises and some hand waving if they even do that.I do not understand how people can give this game a positive review when it so clearly doesn't deserve it. I can only surmise they gave out free copies to people in exchange for a positive review. Either than or people like broken games.DO NOT BUY THIS GAME.  You have been warned."
76561198164914926,Not Recommended,403190,32522963,Posted: 17 June,all,Kusagary,"AI is stupid, colonist ignor priorities, windmills are very un-reliable, settings are very limited, when low on resources, the game makes repeative annoying sounds. Basicaly this game is a disapointment, waste of 20$"
76561198087835886,Recommended,403190,22916755,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Conley,Great game!  You have to stay on top of things or the consequences could spell the end of your colony.  I recommend this game.  One thing... it could use a pause button.  ;)
76561198273737930,Recommended,403190,23279864,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,[RWLF] WeissSchnee,"Well worth the price. There coulld be some more buildings but im sure that those are already in developement.Would be nice to have something like a store to sell excess supplies to visitors or maybe a news sstation once the station has reached a certain population. Selling excess goods are a bit of an issue when you reach around population 60, always have so much starch or food. Perhaps an office to make contracts for selling supplies to a corporation? THis however makes it more complex so a downside if the devs want to keep the game simply and easy to pick up."
76561198268262577,Recommended,403190,23562228,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,小醉解千愁,"It's a good game.But the AI should be improved,because it's so ""awesome"".The game type is some kind of simple,growing plants,making food,mining,manufacturing materials,robots and so on.........More buildings,creatures and gaming modes should be adhibited.Hoping it to be better"
76561197998217185,Recommended,403190,22343942,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Aequinoctis,"A great little sim. The graphics and interface are well-done, and it poses interesting challenges as you plan out your base and manage resources.I loved the atmosphere; it's exciting to see your colonists (and bots) get off the ship on a fresh planet. As the game progresses, it's neat to see ships coming and going and your colonists going about their daily business."
,Recommended,403190,27262745,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Lone Wolf,I do not have the words to do this game the justice it deserves. All I can say is that I sit down to play it for a couple of hours and when I next look up many hours have passed. To me that is the sign of a great game.
,Recommended,403190,30359883,Posted: 6 March,all,Mason00g,"I actually enjoy this game. The bases can get really huge which is something i like. I dont really know if there is a max to the amount of population but im sure its dependent on the space the map lets you expand. I suppose you can consolidate your base with bigger power,water and wind generators to accomodate more base size. One of the things i wish they had was a hygiene factor. The astronauts dont need to go to the restroom or shower. I mean really they eat and drink but no poop or pee. I really thing this should be a factor as it breaks the realism and immersion of the simulation. I would have much preferred that over having a Bar biom. But anyway the game is pretty good. It would be nice if this game and kerbal space could merg as it would be epic to have to build your base and get to the planets building your own rocket ship then bringing supplies etc. Of course that would be a huge game and challenging but hey it would be the ultimate similation game. Kerbal space and this should team up!Over all great game and would love to see some new additions from the developers."
76561198323671046,Recommended,403190,25700834,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,jderosas0404,If you like space and building things you'll love this game
76561198073671038,Recommended,403190,22636885,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Uralosr,"I think a lot of the negative reviews were written before the updates.  I have played over 50 hours and have not expereinced most of the negative aspects mentioned in previous posts.  This is a fun game and I have enjoyed the time played thus far.  The game has it's glitches but not enough to annoy a gamer to the point of no play.  7/10 ..  Will play more, game will need more content to sustain it being played past 75 hours..."
76561198116369199,Recommended,403190,22749588,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Atomic Thrusts,I would reccomend this game with a few fixes and changes I think it could be highly improved.When it comes to base building you should beable to split your base into sections such as worker only or medic only where they can do work just for them and then visitors have limited sections which they can enter where new prefab rooms that are the only rooms visitors are allowed to enter.I also believe that new planets that could have varying difficulty settings like the ones already given but have pre built colonies that you can visit along with teleportation rooms to go to these colonies quicker and easier however pre teleport access (Gained by entering the colony and getting patents for the certain teleport). To trade the players colonists have to travel with the resources they are willing to trade in a vehicle which at first is supplied by the players colonist ship but is inefficient and better vehicles can be crafted later in the game. The colonies can be either friendly or hostile. If hostile the starting crew of the player will include soldiers equipt with laser weapons. If war is declared the two colonies will fight untill one either submits to the other or is destroyed. If a planet has a peaceful colony the player can attack the colony and annex the base to their own along with a selection of resources and enhabitants (alien or human) that will submit to them. Their could be multiple colonies on one planet and they could all wage a war or be peaceful. I personally think this could increase the difficulty and strategies of the game rather than it being a build it game.I also feel a new planet with earth like atmosphere could be implimented with other power sources such as hydroelectric or geothermal.I think power should be more manageable along with more events in the games.
76561198133226153,Recommended,403190,25632858,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,gerson.cf,"Amazing game! Love the challange to make the base to thrive and keep it well supplied.For the next versions, please include:-Researchers.. wander around the surface, digging a few holes etc.. producing knowledge that can be converted to cash-Nuclear energy.. needs to be mined and used in the reactor to produce electricity-Graphical interface to create custom planets and scenarios.. I know it can be done via xml but an UI would be wonderful!Keep up the great work.. cheers"
76561198027401494,Recommended,403190,34337653,Posted: 18 August,all,desireco,I love this game. I wish there were new paid version or something as it really needs a lot of fixes.
76561197966460110,Not Recommended,403190,29287157,Posted: 15 January,all,GoingOffRoading,"Most of this game is brilliant...  You really do have to think about your early moves if you want your base to survive.  I have to give the game a big thumbs down though for two reasons:-One (the minor one): As much as there is a sort of 'upgrade' tree for buildings, the same 'upgrade' tree should exist for processes (mining is 5% faster, plants require 5% less maitnance).  Without these upgrades, large bases become unmanagable with this AI.-Two (the big one): The AI needs vast improvement.  Essentially, you may have suficient workers for a task (literal workers, engineers, bots, doc, etc) but they don't complete tasks nor do you have manual control for them.  So I may have a mega base with 50+ food sitting around in close proximity but I'll have colonists die of starvation.  I'll have bots break down even though I have maitnance materials and vacant bot repair pads nearby.  We'll get invaded and even though I have 30+ security personel, the same injured security officer will attach another bad guy and die instantly.   I'll have 60 workers but my two mines, and two processesing areas are vacant and the workers are standing around.    You get the idea."
,Recommended,403190,19558254,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,nosrachtes,This game would be far less frustrating if you could assign tasks to the colonists.
,Recommended,403190,22992524,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,djstanfill,Amazing. Want more like this.
,Not Recommended,403190,28169963,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Kaigun,"Horrific AI.  Prioritize is a waste (you want me to finish the med bay?  Ok, I'll go finish this connection).  Colonists will become so sad they will forgo life saving measure (like fixing power items)?  I really loved the ones that were so sad that they'd take a spare part to a solar array....and leave it right there.  Then come back and decide to go to the mine instead.  Why don't they just off themselves in a polite way?  They're suypposed to be colonizing another planet, not going to Disney World."
76561198018995171,Recommended,403190,18697546,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,magorr,"It’s a good game, not great but good.Compared to banished (the only other survival strategy game I’ve played) it is very simple but much less forgiving.The good points are a beautiful game that has an interesting, although too simple, production system, and a difficulty that is never extreme but even after 100+ hours can still make me fail a game early on.The things that I have a hard time with are the meal production being roll of the dice, and the difficulty not scaling very much.  The step up between mars and ice was good but I found that the moon was actually easier than ice.  Last but not least is the camera and the lack of control over it."
,Recommended,403190,18537490,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Iridium,"When I saw a review for this, the first thing I thought of was the old, buggy-as-hell but interesting concept Sierra game, Outpost. When I actually played it, the second thing I thought of was Dwarf Fortress. This is an excellent blend of the two.Looks decent, plays interstingly, has enough depth to warrant multiple playthroughs. Good stuff!"
,Not Recommended,403190,18707420,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Ben de Nee,"This game gives user an achievement when they enter the game menu, which means buy this game is some sort of achieving?Also, people in game never took a dump, while I'm feeling a little bit constipation for a while,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off.I've done another run, everyone is starving to death while at the same time I have 100+ vegi and 80+ meat in stock, FYI there are 3 canteens for around 80 survivors, I think those resource is quite enough to use for a long while if AI is not at dumb as this."
,Recommended,403190,18521263,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,oinakv,"Amazing Game...i know im not really into Strategy / City Builder game,but this makes me just love that kindda game :P"
,Recommended,403190,18552930,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,potato namrog84,"The game is simple and complex at the same time. First time people starved to death. Second suffocated to death.3rd base finally reached 100+ population and has at least 1 of everything built and 9/10 of the achievements for the red planet.It felt complex during the learning process like a lot was going on.  But after some number of hours, I have come to realize the game has a simplicity to it that is enjoyable. Though as I have overcome the initiatial learning curves,  there isn't as much long lasting effects as I would have liked in the late game.  Many city/colony management games, often allow a little more in late game. I feel like if there was about 10% more content, the game would easily last a lot longer.Though I have enjoyed the game quite a lot, and will likely play it more for achievements and for the blue and gray planets. I think the game could easily offer most people enjoyable for 5-20+ hours.   Which is a major win in my book.The first day playing it, I thought I had only played for 2-3 hours and had played for 7+ non stop.  Which is rare to happen and any game that can make me lose track of time is awesome."
76561198044113789,Not Recommended,403190,24288698,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,default_entry,"I wish I had read the reviews closer- While the game is certainly amusing as you begin, the longer you play, the more its flaws pile up and choke out your fun. The AI is incompetent, ignoring buildings necessary to save the whole colony. They will often pause and watch TV as the oxygen drops to critical levels, and their neighbors die of starvation around them."
76561198072988356,Recommended,403190,18557669,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Catnapper,"Save File Editing Simulator 2016It takes time, determination, forethought, and appropriate division of labor skills far beyond your average FPS'er to go anywhere in this game. It's beautiful, it's clever, it's realistic within reason, but it's really hard. More often then not you'll get sideswiped by something you didn't see coming in such a way that you'll never recover, like if your biologists (who keep food pods in working order) get sad, stop working, the food dies, they get less happy because they're starving, and everyone starves to death. Or if you run out of spares because you put too many resources into another project, couldn't make more replacement parts, and all your power generation stopped working so that you couldn't make the materials for spares or even the spares themselves, so you coudn't fix the power and oh god why does this never happen to youtubers. If you have the time to learn this game, it's great but lack of planning shuts out a third of the playing fields. Would only recommend to people who play Dark Souls, or people who just want a pet project because this game is ADDICTING."
,Recommended,403190,18576239,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Krispy Demon,"I enjoy it. Could it be better? Of course! It would be great to have more stuff to do, but I mean, really, how often do you find a game that you enjoy and say to yourself ""Man, that was fun, glad it's over!""If you enjoy Banished or games of it's ilk, you'll like Planetbase. If you're the type of person where once you've unlocked everything you feel like you're finished, than maybe wait for Planetbase to get like, Steam Workshop support or something (if that ever happens). As it stands, you can unlock all the buildings in your first colonly in about four hours with maybe 50 colonists, but there's so much more room on the planet.There are some glaring rough spots, though. I've seen colonists walk miles outside the colony and die from lack of air because of goofy pathfinding. At close to 300 colonists, I seem to constantly get attacked by groups of nine or more hostile intruders, which end up killing a bunch of people before I can stop them. The intruders at this point feel like deathclaws from Fallout Shelter.Anyway, like anything else, if you like this sort of thing, you'll like Planetbase. If you don't, you won't."
,Recommended,403190,18551092,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Lecherous,"Amusing city-builder.  Slightly more intense than Banished, but only because when things go bad, they go catastrophically bad.  It does have some serious balance issues and a few gameplay issues, though.  Production and storage of raw goods cannot be limited and will quickly fill up Storage areas, leaving little room for vital nourishment and forcing you to trade away your metals and plastics or exponentially expand (massive storage -> O2 generator -> water pump -> solar panel -> 2x batteries).After the first 30 colonists or so, your base expansion is fairly linear, which becomes a little tedious, but random events, such as meteors and solar flares, still require you to pay attention.  Each of the three planets has slightly different conditions, and 10 milestones for colony survival.  Of the 24 achievements, only two should take any amount of planning; the rest will mostly likely unlock during the course of completing the game.All in all, it's fun, but not life-changing.  If you enjoyed Banished and are looking for a fresh tileset, you should play this.  It's slightly overpriced for the amount of content, so you might wait for a sale, though."
,Not Recommended,403190,18593325,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Descrasnezul,The mechanics of this game are terrible. There's no way to force any particular item to be made. I've lost bases entirely because the engineers refused to make spares and the workers would also refuse to make the tier 2 resources. I got one base going pretty well before this happened and then for no reason at all the bots and workers began to walk away from the base only to die. The pathing in this case is also terrible.Not worth $20 or the $17 sale price. Not until its all fixed.
76561198082202855,Not Recommended,403190,18606097,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,rammara,"In this game you can build and manage a colony on a hostile planet. You will need to control many aspects that ensure survival like oxygen, water and energy production. You will need to grow food, mine ore, process it into metal and plastic, build sfuff, etc... Many things to do... for an hour or two gameplay maybe. Then it gets dull. The colonists are dumb and even though there are plenty of food they starve themselves to  death. No tech-tree, no developments, not many goals to achieve. Once the colony grows you will only need to routinely add essential facilities. When your colony is attacked by intruders it gets more exciting but since you cannot control anything except issuing a red alert signal it still gets dumb.No nuclear power - a rather dubious choice of techs - only solar and wind power are available. The surrounding landscape gets in the way and you cannot buldoze or dig anything that gets in the way. Not enough micromanagement and as I said - nothing worth playing any more than few hours. This game has zero replayability potential.Still, the idea is great and if the developers add more features to it it could become quite a promising sim. But till then I wouldn't recommend it."
,Not Recommended,403190,18718406,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,andrewsav,"I would not recommend the game in the current state. I do not know if developers are going to fix what I consider shortcomings, and if they are not, then I'm not recommending the game altogether.When you start a new game for the first time you are presented with 3 difficulty choices. Two of them are locked at this stage, so you only can choose the easiest. (Very minor gripe: why the heck to give a choice when there is no choice?)When you are playing the game there are 10 ""milestones"", certain conditions during the game that are used to measure your progress. They could be ""reach 500 power"" or ""reach 100 colonists"" or sopmething else. In my first and only game (that took 17 hours across three sessions) I got 9/10. The last one ""reach 300 colonists"" was not possible for me to achieve because I ran out of space for colony buildings, and here is my problem number 1.When you start a new game, you ""choose"" a pinpoint on the planet where you land. The interface for choosing it is abysmal	. You cannot rotate the planet with keyboard and you cannot zoom in or out. Mouse speed when rotating is about of a dying snail. I honestly cannot understand why they included this game element, it's awkward and pointless. In zoomed out state you do not see what landscape is like so you are just choosing at random. And here is where the real problem starts. I happened to land in a relatively small area surrounded by mountains from 3 sides, and the 4th side was the edge of the map (which is also bizarre, because I mean they just allowed me to rotate the freaking planet, I know that it's a sphere and I know that it does not have an edge). When I started the game I did not realize that there would not be enough space for me to fully develop, and that the game gives you a zilch ways of crossing the mountains. The ""edge"" is also not obvious. At a certain point you can no longer build in that direction, no line in the sand, perfectly level surface, it just does not let you place a building as if you are trying to place it on to  another building or on a mountain. Frustrated, you are trying again and again, until you realize that you are not supposed to build on the other side of an invisible wall. Anyway, after 17 hours of play it is a surprise that you cannot actually finish the level.That was problem number 1. Note, that the game is probably meant to be open ended, so I'm not sure if it would properly ""finish"" even if I got 10/10. So how they say, the pleasure is the journey, not the destination. (Edit: the game does not have a win condition. You have a hard limit of 200 buildings and 500 colonists)Here is problem number 2. Some sim games give you an info panels about your minions (in this case colonists) and this one is no different. What is different from some of the games I played before, is that the info panel usually have a button to find the minion or to follow it. Not in this game. You click a colonist, you look at the panel and when you are done this colonist already wondered away and with a big base you cannot find her any longer, because she looks exactly like anyone else. By the way if the person departs (visitor) the info panel does not reflect this and displays the last known data. Now, you might be thinking, but do you actually *need* to look at the colonist information? I'll be honest with you I wondered the same. You see, I'd be happy if the game was built so that this information is of no use and can be totally hidden. I'd also be happy if it was there and easy to use. But currently if you'd like to investigate why your colonists are dying for no obvious reason you really can't. First of all, ""a colonist has died"" notification when clicked does NOT show you the colonists or her info pane. It just jumps somewhere on the map. Presumably, this is the place where the colonist died. There is no body or any indication of what happened though. So you reload a recent save if you were lucky to have one, and you are trying to find that person that is going to die. But since the game does not have a colonists list, or colonists search, you cannot really find this person, no way. If by some crazy accident you managed to find her and select her and look at her info panel... well I did not manage that.Here is problem number 3. As game flows you get event notifications in the bottom left corner. You left click to follow them, you right click to dismiss them. If you are not fast enough they are gone. If these where landing permissions and you missed it, well sucks to be you, you just lost these coins you otherwise could have earned, better luck next time. If there was two similar events about different objects the game group them up and excludes any specific information. So if two building were completed or two people died, you won't be informed what these building where or what theses people died from. Why is there no log, that one could browse at leisure? Btw, sometimes but not always, even if just *one* person dies the game does not tell you why. ""Well he died. Whatever.""So the above sums up to the following. I wish I did not need the log, I wish I did not need to track individual colonists, but I do. And here is why. When my colony was developed with about 100 colonists and 30 bots, I had all my production lines up. I did not have absence of any particular resource. In particular, there was enough food. Still a colonists died ""from starvation"". Then another one, then another. Soon there was enough dead that there was not enough people to for the hydroponics, so the food supply plummeted and everyone died because now there was really no food. This happens, and the game gives you no way to find out what went wrong. You are simply left in the dark. This leads me on to...Problem number 4. This game does not support any corrective actions. If you ran out of an important resource (any important resource) there is no way to recover. (If you have plenty of other resources and lucky timing a trader flies by you might be able to salvage the situation, but from my about a dozen reloads it did not happen once). The only thing you can do is to reload your previous save and make sure that this resource does not run out. I'm not sure, maybe it's a genre staple? If it is I do not like it, I feel that there should be an in-game way to correct a mistake without the need to reload.Problem number 5. There seems to be a limited number of save slots and the saves are called save1, save2 and save3. I'm serious, that's what they are called and you cannot change these. (I understand that this is probably so that they can port to a mobile device easily, but it's just an explanation, not a good excuse)Problem number 6. So remember I told you that there is no way to find out what happened when something goes wrong? Well what the game wants you to do is to use built in resource graphs to figure out what dynamic led up to the current situation. The only problem is that there are bazillion of different resources and a single graphs screen. You have an icon per resource that you switch on an off to show the line on the graph or not. This is so bloody inconvenient. Because they did not have enough colours, half of the colours are the same so you cannot tell on the graph one line from another, and there is no legend. Also certain types of resources mean something to some people like me in combinations. So for example I want often to see raw ore and metal produced from it. And then I want to see starch and bioplastic produced from it, and also vegetables, because they same as start come out from the hydroponic pods. And in order to switch from one view from another I need to unclick all the old resources one by one and then click all the new ones one by one, what a nuisance!This game could be good. Currently it is not. The worst thing, that most of the problems are only noticeable only when you are well in the game, and not immediately."
,Recommended,403190,18504008,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Anderson,"This is pretty much a sci fi banished.I haven't played much, but so far i enjoyed the game.Theres some crucial things to be fixed, like an option to prioritize construction or  colonist activities .Even with these issues, its a fun game."
,Recommended,403190,23882102,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,xictns,Fun game. Needs more tech and stuff todo though. Great potential :)
76561198030861789,Recommended,403190,23743072,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,james76543,Top of the list of space colony management games.
76561198139995872,Recommended,403190,22042123,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Fendo,"With the 1.1.0 release, the game runs well and appears bug free. Planetbase is both frustrating and enthralling, But, rather than recommend this game yet, I would class it as a 'Watch this space', because I believe Planetbase has incredible potential, but still lacks the content needed for replayability."
,Recommended,403190,19718980,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Chairman_Pow,"I'll say yes, get this game! If you liked ""Banished"" then It's pretty fun and looks great!Positives:- Great sense of achievement when you get your base going (especially on the hardest setting).- Pretty graffix!- Animations are fun (especially the robots!).Negatives:- Music is good but a bit repetitive. I played it with the in-game music for a while but then silenced it and used my own space tunes.- Cannot interrupt the intro cinematic. Got annoying sometimes when re-starting after making mistakes, being forced to watch it.- Once you've ""beat"" the game (your base has reached about 100 colonists) it's a pretty simple task to get to 300. The struggle is to get your first 100 colonists without major incident.- There's a limit on the number of buildings you can build. It's enough to get about 400+ colonists though!I got about 20 hours of fun out of this title, with no regrets!"
,Recommended,403190,21194713,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,TheBluePhoenix,"The whole concept of this game is to colonise a Mars type planet. You have to manage resources really well in order to keep you colony alive. For example you need metal and Bioplastic to build structures like solar panels and bio-domes,(Fancy name for a very large greenhouse.)The game starts with you playing the very detailed tutorial, taking you through building and other game machanics. Once you know how to play the game, you can start your first base. You can name is whatever you like and then you can choose where to start on that planet. The world starts with a short cinamatic of a lander pod landing on the planet, (which can be annoying as it's unskippable,) then seven astronaughts and two rovers get out of the pod. You start by building an oxygen generator and an airlock. Then you need power so build solar panels and a power collector. If you don't connect them, then the game will remind you, which I find really useful as I'm still sorta new to the game. It will also remind you of what to do in sandstorm etc. You can build mines, refinaries, factories, landing pods, wind turbines. Do I have to say more? This game has loads.The Upsides:This game has a lot of gameplay value to it. You can play for hours on end, building and rebuilding bases. After a while you can unlock new planets, with totally different environments to switch up the gameplay a bit. This is awesome as you don't have to get bored looking at tons of sand 24/7. This game is also absolutley beautiful. You can have it on the highest possible setting and have a microwave run it. It is that smooth, (Disclaimer: Don't actualy put your PC in a microwave, I was exagurating okay?)The Unfortunate Downsides:I have had so much trouble finding a down side to this game but it's far too difficult to come up with something resonablle. So I'm just going to nit pick if that's okay.The planet has invisible boundaries which I really don't like. However you can still use a LARGE amount of the map. Also I have never built a base big enough to cover the map so I don't even know why I'm putting this here xDThe Wrap Up:Overall this is a really good game. It reminds me of Banished but has that Sci-fi feel to it and I absolutley love that. The soundtrack is just awesome and really fits the theme as well. But over all GET THIS GAME! You will have hours of fun, even if a metiorite does hit your bio dome and kill all of your biologists #fustration xDEDITED:Some Things That I Would Like To See In The Game:1. Some multiplayer would be nice, even if it was just on a simple LAN base multiplayer.2. Factions that can come and trade / give colonists. Factions would be awesome and you could even have new ship designs and markings.3. Okay this one is a MUST for all. Mod support. Think about it. We could have anything, and you don't have to do a thing!4. Spaceport BUT so that you can colonise other planets in the same game / world save. This would be awesome as once you are done with one planet, you can move onto the next while sharing resources.5. Build another base without it being connected to the main base. This isn't really needed but I'd like to see it.I know that this is a relativly new game but I think that modding support should be your main prioity. The game runs and look perfectly so I see no need in adding new stuff and just let the modding community to run it content wise."
76561198083027582,Recommended,403190,22118413,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,viduata,"Very entertaining resource-management game, based on planetary colonization. The surprisingly fast game play requires a lot of minding and tuning to get things just right. Not quite micromanagement, but to be successful, you do need to pay attention to the trends.The space environment presents different challenges depending on which planet you have landed on, so each ""level"" is a little different.There are a few little oddities, and definitely some things I'd like to see improved, but overall a fun game that is definitely worth the price. There is a high level of polish, good graphics, and good UI that could use a little improvement."
76561198230453916,Recommended,403190,25405382,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,metroidfanboy21,this is a very great game you should buy it!!!!
76561197996295138,Recommended,403190,22929753,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Veroni,"Great game, I really enjoyed playing it. The sims are cute and have their own name and a set of desires. I like the theme and the difficulty is just right for me.I have just one comment:After the 13 hours I reached all in-game achievements on the starter planet except one: After having 100 people in my base, the only possible improvement would be to reach 300, but there is no new content. Moving to a new planet doesn't increase replayability for me because it only adds more disasters without giving you access to new technology. There could be more content overall.That being said I still think it's a fun, well-balanced game, and I would recommend it. I feel that the price is ok for 13 hours of fun (I don't get that in a cinema...)."
,Recommended,403190,29029380,Posted: 5 January,all,Zaebatsu,When you play this game u can just relaxBut remember that 1 little mistake can cost you total annihilation
76561198022296391,Recommended,403190,33059479,Posted: 30 June,all,MacAttack,"You know I like this game.  It's very interesting, and so far I haven't had any AI issues.  But, I still only have a medium sized base.  What I like about the game is the detail.  And, make no mistake this is a builder game through and through, even with some of the nifty side attractions such as alien intruders and such.  So if you're looking for much more than that, you could be slightly dissappointed.  Which is what I see many of the reviews expecting alien meets cities skylines.  This is somewhat a slower paced game and that's even kind of a plus to me, because you can sit back, watch tv with some cheese and crackers and play out a neat fantacy of colonizing a far out planet.  I do wish though, that there were more mods and community support in the workshop.  This game is just at the edge of greatness.  It's good, but it just needs a few mods to push it over to great.  That is what I hope I see more of going forward.  So, for 11 bucks on the summer sale, I am very happy with my choice to ignore that bad reviews and go forward and buy this game.  7/10"
76561198049363000,Recommended,403190,24057411,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Aviatorockon,Nice game but definitely needs improvement...Different ship stlyesDefensive botsAuto top up paymentsDifferent gym workout syles 2 types available ATMDisabling should give us enterance change chanceRotaion the buildings should be much easierStorage should have option to store specific itemsBar should have different designWe should have a shipyard to construct trade ships to send to other facilitiesWe should have the chance to change the building and ship coloursBigger landing pad for bigger ships for large cargo or group of peopleLuxary rooms for visitors wich costs more moneyColonist and day time menu could have appeared at the same timeAlarm should have a short cut at the screen you can just simply put 3 option no need to go all the way to the menuThats all I can give as an advice wish you luck with your second product... Hope to see your second game...
76561198004115655,Recommended,403190,25401509,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Silver,This game is quite fun! If you enjoy city builders.It can also be pretty brutal.
76561198278456305,Recommended,403190,25983938,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,jhimmens,this was a awmazing game and you could spend ten minutes or ten hours and it would feel the same. The game play is also awsome with no bugs or gliches or lag.
76561198015894689,Recommended,403190,31532071,Posted: 3 May,all,madtyzer,"really enjoyable game, can be a bit hard to start off with but when you get the basics its really fun to play"
76561198031147622,Recommended,403190,23013667,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Sunzens,"If you like building and management games you will enjoy this one. It reminds me of Banished or the original Outpost game from the early 90s, just with better graphics and game play."
,Recommended,403190,31243865,Posted: 19 April,all,Sientaclaus,"Have been following the development for some time and finally decided to get this game a few days ago. I just finished playing all of the challenges and I've very impressed with how it looks so far, and I would love to see more challenges integrated as I can see the sandbox becoming a little repetitive after a few playthroughs. Definitely worth getting the game as it is really fun if you like city builders, and quite a realistic representation of what building a colony would be like.I have noticed a few spelling mistakes within the game, easily fixed I'm sure. Here are the couple I remember:Starport Atlantis says to 'Accumulate 1000 worth of coins in less that 30 days', rather than 'less than'. 'Accumulate 1000 coins' would probably work better too since when visitors leave they just give you '15 coins' not '15 worth of coins'Dark Moon challenge, says 'objetive completed' when you finish, instead of objective. I'm not sure if this was all challenges though, as I only noticed it when finishing this one."
76561198211253419,Recommended,403190,21306828,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,[DECAHELIX],"Very fun and when you get used to it, also becomes rather addictive in its continuous ways to needle you to take care of your colony and organise it as it should be. When starting out, this game proves to be a challenge to get used to, but with failure comes great success as they say, and when you find the right way to start out your colony, all you have to do is plan properly ahead for the future and then watch your colony thrive.Very decent graphics, most of the graphics are actually rather cute in their making, but also never lose a shed of detail for the immense clarity in the picture.This game is truly worth your money if you're into these sorts of games, where you have a colony and slowly expand it till it reaches a prestigous position in the galaxy, where you'll become well-known to all and will continue to expand your wealth."
76561198117391036,Recommended,403190,21025166,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,DustBust,"Update 4-11-16On top of what is mentioned below, here are my gripes with this game and development.After you immerse yourself into this game, you realize that there really isn't too much depth and you heavily rely on the AI to do the right thing making it somewhat frusterating. Development so far in my opinion has just been fixing and adding things that should have already been in the game. ""Strategy"" really feels only important on the first few levels in the first 30mins or so, after that, it just turns into more food and more buildings...In all, still a great game but at this point, I don't think I'm going to see any huge additions to the core game.Planetbase is a really good economy/city manager game. As others have mentioned, theres currently limited features for mid-late game that currently have quite a few negative reviews pointing out. These reviews would be non-existant if the game labeled itself as EA but you have to remember, the DEVS would recieve a smaller percentage of their sales if they did, so I don't blame them.What really gives this game a positive review is that even though there's limited features at the moment, the game is completely optimized and is BUG FREE. Try finding that in other games.You'll get an easy 20hrs of gameplay building on each planet so its currently worth the $$ they are asking at the moment and more content is going to be released soon. This is definitely one to leave installed in your library. I'll update once they release more content."
76561198352594881,Recommended,403190,35159376,Posted: 23 September,all,thomasbeachnaw,"Loved the game, if you enjoyed Sim city this is a game for you.  You cannot grow to fast though as the AI on the citizens is pretty terrible. Part of it is to do witht he morale though and if you keep morale high they ussually keep on task.  I found having have the number of robots as citizens seems to take care of the menial tasks they keep trying to do.  I actrually prefer the robots to the citizens imidiately use as many as I can as they are faster smarter and self repairing.  Keeping focus on the robots is pretty key early on.Though late growth is very limited on large map sized colonies. Many of the complants people have are controlable.  dont get to far ahead of yourself on building as if you dont they do exactly what you want unless morale is low. I really enjoyed this game but a few simple things would have made this game a bit less tedious.1: A releveling tool for reshaping raising and leveling the land to be flat.2: A task list for each type of colonist to prioritize jobs, so you can lay out an order of building to allowing for more fluid growth.3: Simple enough but the ability to delete from storage, because it gets really annoying to delete your storage facilities to do it.4: Why is there no earth style habitat,  would have been nice to have a planet where you dont need to worry about space suits and Airlocks and add a different element such as earth quakes and hurricanes. maybe even volcanoes and add barriers to divert lava flow5: When radiation warnings are issues when you have the equipment you shouldnt have to stop citizens from going outside.Otherwise I really enjoyed this game and would be excited to see a nice update, I found it worht my money though as is."
76561198077951423,Recommended,403190,35163536,Posted: 23 September,all,richam27,It's Addictive. It's Fun. It's not finished. Playing this game reminds of how fun playing Age of Empires and Age of Mythology used to be. Truly I hope that  this game gets the treatment it deserves and the developers continue to work on it and eventaully finish it. Great work so far fellas.
76561198042981331,Recommended,403190,29443343,Posted: 23 January,all,liamhoughton_7,"its a really addictive game, like a sims game you build your base gather your own reasorces and make your base stronger. i would reccomend a few ideas to help improve the game but for the price its good"
,Recommended,403190,35137608,Posted: 22 September,all,princekolt,"The game is very nice, but has very little content. The implementation of many things such as the camera movements is very weird and difficult to use. However, with the usage of mods you can find on the internet  (just search for ""planetbase mods"", I don't wanna make mentions to third parties here), this games becomes very playable. My preferred mods (there aren't many) are ""CameraOverhaul"", ""FreeBuilding"", ""PowerSaver"", ""BuildingAligner"", and ""AutoRotateBuildings"".However, even with mods, this game can only go so far. After your base reaches 100 colonists it just gets easier and easier. I wish there were some more advanced buildings or some expensive objects that weren't purely cosmetic.Overall, though, I recommend this game, because I have been playing it for several months and I always get back to it."
,Recommended,403190,35353529,Posted: 30 September,all,Regino,I like this game and paid my 74 hours to it. While I think it could be better if player can get more hints to fill its prestige when it comes to 800+
,Not Recommended,403190,35405671,Posted: 1 October,all,Nightasha,"Holy Mother of Frustration... I see why the reviews are mixed. I wanted to love this game but after playing (failing) for about 8 hours solid, I hate it. Rage uninstall. Why? Because at first I thought it was me, Planetbase, but like a bad relationship, I eventually found out that its YOU, not me... after spending WAY too much effort on doing better on my part.I love the concept. The gameplay seems fine at first. The resource management is diverse and challenging. That's fine. The game is designed fairly well so you can address all resources. BUT THE AI PRETTY MUCH DELIBERATELY SABOTAGES YOU. Then you miss on some resources because of AI misappropriation (yes, I know how to prioritize. no, that didn't stop this.) and the entire colony dies a slow, inevitable death. Resource management games are my cup o' tea. Factorio is my jam, among many others.This game... made me hate it. Which really sucks because it wasn't cheap either. I'd love to get my money back. And I'm going to go now before I say something I regret..."
76561197964921433,Recommended,403190,25593177,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,whatsuptyler,This is a very fun and addictive game.  I really enjoyed playing it but I have run out of things to do now.  I hope they keep updating with new content.  I would even pay for new downloadable content for this game.
,Recommended,403190,22352061,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Shleebs,"There's a fine line between success and failure with this game, but I think that's what makes it a challenge. If I could add anything to the game it would be Medical robots and the ability to directly order a character to do something. There's been numerous times I tried to get higher priority work done in one room but the workers just wouldn't do it with no apparent reason, their health and happiness was above 95% (no indicators above their heads either). Maybe the work ethic is set a bit too low, sounds like government employees, lol.Above all, it's definitely fun trying to get your colonists to survive in the harsh, hostile & barren conditions of another planet."
76561197993643809,Recommended,403190,22901889,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Cardboard Decoy,"Almost more of a puzzle game than a management sim. Highly recommended for turning a lot of conventions on their heads, namely, decentralization is key and resource management it a very finely-tuned thing in this game. It did an incredible job with your standard spinning-plate-playstyle conventions by making it so that hoarding supplies can actually be a bad thing, and knowing how to take the admittedly terrible pathing AI and make it functional is almost an art form. If you can keep a colony of people who will walk two miles to the furthest hospital in the base while dying of irradiation and actually get it to flourish you deserve a medal.Lovely game, highly recommended."
76561198117189796,Recommended,403190,22993550,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,✪ 7DeAdLySiNs,This is an amazing game. I enjoy sim like based games. Even though this is beta I give it a 4.5/5. There is room for changes and add-ons but all together I would buy this again and I will be recommending this game to my friends who enjoy these sim like games. <3 Keep it up devs and I hope to see this game hit its full potential soon!
,Recommended,403190,33157434,Posted: 2 July,all,PC_M@niac,Very enjoyable and very timewasteful base building sandbox :)
,Recommended,403190,25129366,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,g0ggles,"After playing this game since V1 at launch to V1.2 now, I can surely say that this is a great game and very impressed with the dev support.TL;DR. It's a simple addictive game, but can be quite daunting to start with. Overall worth the £15 (or $20 I think)Basically you land in a little ship, set up the absolute basics to maintain a self sufficient colony then grow it from there balancing resources, population and productivity. You can trade with traders who will come and go, allow visitors to have a rest stop for a fee (Which is determined by the game) and defend yourselves from bandits who will in effect try to kill everyone so they can take over your base.Graphically the game is excellent, it's not ground breaking photo realism but it certainly isn't terrible at all either. The sound work is also very good too. the UI can be a little confusing to start with but once you have a decent size base, you'll know the UI back to front. The gameplay is very simple but that is part of what makes the game so addictive, you build, manage and once you have the resources, you build even more, to which it carries on like that until you fill out the entire map. From there you move on to a more challenging planet.But of course the game does have its flaws. as mentioned in a lot of reviews the AI isn't fantastic. I have never had a terrible problem with that, like I said, it is about striking a good balance.You can't have a mine running without any med bays or have your colonists working all day without anywhere to chill out after.It also taps into the whole design of the base itself, place similar parts near each other, not at other ends of the base. Follow this and the AI problem is a thing of the past, if anything it's quite reqarding being able to sit back and watch the base actively run itself. The only other issue new players would have is that it is quite unforgiving to begin with, your first base will not survive, you will have to run a couple of bases into the ground to learn and understand the game fully but stick with it and it does become quite simple after that.GoodGraphics and SoundAddictiveSimple yet functional gameplayChallenge increases with each planet wellBadAI isn't perfect, but not as bad as some reviewers make it out to beOnce you have finished the 4th Planet and the challenges, can be left thinking ""what now?""Features that would improve the game imo2 Story basesDifferent raw materials in more challenging planetsColonist training, Change from worker or engineer to biologist or medic etc.More planet variety, create bases on or under waterTerraforming, build tunnels in mountains and suchOverall, the game is well worth its price tag, if its your kind of game you can sink lots and lots of time into it, at the time of writing this review, I have over 60 hours and I haven't finished the last planet yet. It still has a lot of untapped potential but it is still great in its current state."
76561198083484031,Recommended,403190,25101190,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,chazz0715,Nice little colony managment game.
76561198039760894,Recommended,403190,34914590,Posted: 13 September,all,Das Nutt,One of the better indie strategy games out there. A moderate learning curve provides a good challenge without stressin you out too much.
,Recommended,403190,25045201,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Coffehouse,Really enjoying this game!
76561198064414602,Recommended,403190,25101829,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,ipardee1,This game is deceptively hard. You can be all good for the longest time then boom one little thing can snowball into all out death of the entire base. Put many a hour into this game and still enjoy the success of a well run base. Worth the 20 dollars in my opinion.
76561198037607314,Recommended,403190,25833797,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Nova Rinne,I bought this game yesterday and I thought that it might be simple game that will only hold my attention for like 3 hrs or so... I was wrong.. I was so terribly wrong... I have over 21 hrs on it now.. I have only gone to eat and use the bathroom.. I haven't slept since I got it..10/10 would buy again
,Not Recommended,403190,18556840,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Steelbolas,"I want to like this game. It's cool to play, even if I fail. However, it's not cool if your crew is a bunch of braindead electric ants. Let me explain.I had a night when there was absolutely no wind, and I didn't have enough electricity to make it through the night. How could I have? The game tells to build wind power. Why should I build it if I can't last the night even with it? Well, thanks to the power outage, people didn't sleep or eat or anything. What kind of a human being requires electricity to sleep anyway? If that wasn't enough, I already had a shortage of food and other materials. I could've really used people who did their fricking tasks. But instead they wanted to sleep. All at once. Because of that, nothing got built. Absolutely everything collapsed because of this.Don't get me wrong, I like a game with challenge, but this is bullsh*t. The difficulty comes mostly from RNG and bad AI. That's kinda weak. The crew needs like 10 minutes to make a single piece of metal. From mining the ore to hauling it to base to somebody bothering to process it. I kinda liked the game until I hit the wall of nothing getting done because everything went in a snail's pace. I had to tend to every need of the crew while waiting for more metal to be processed, but that just meant I had to build more stuff and get more crew. Unfortunately, this meant I had to build even more because they couldn't survive with what I had already built.Is every game of this a snowball rolling down to the depths of hell? Is this what this game is about? I get it, it's hard to make resources but it's a fricking meat grinder.If possible, I'd like there to be a patch of some kind to make it easier to mine metal. Because frankly, it sucks right now. I hate it because it could be a really great game, especially with some kind of objectives instead of a sandbox. If you read this, creators, please make it so that I can play it without feeling like poop is running out of my hem. Thank you."
,Recommended,403190,18556141,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,GrandMoffColley,"This is a city builder with a unique twist.  Unlike others I could name, that twist isn't always-online cartoonishness, nor is the conceit that you are building an interconnected world of cities.  You've landed on a strange and distant world and have to build a colony.  Like all good city-builders you will get up for a drink and find that its been hours longer than you thought.It is clear that this is a new game, but it is quite engaging.  I look forward to some additional content as the game ages.  Anyway, if you like a good solid city-builder, and enjoy the space motif, you should play this game."
,Recommended,403190,21065596,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Lord_William,"Ahh Planetbase: I consider this one of my best Steam purchases, in terms of enjoyment-for-value it is top-notch. First, it has wonderful gameplay: with a great mix of strategy and simulation, the options for customization really make you feel like you're creating something unique. It feels a bit but not entirely like The Sims meets Sim City (not the horrible re-make, mind you). Add in gorgeous graphics, a subtle yet pleasant soundtrack, and a smooth and intuitive user interface (why do so many games miss this--WASD scrolls!) and you've got yourself an original, fun, and *very* re-playable gaming experience.I hope the devs keep at it, the game could go from ""great"" to ""unbelievable"" with additional content and community mods.I give it... 4.5 out of 5 asphyxiated astronauts!Buy it! :-)"
76561198010018776,Not Recommended,403190,18502939,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Essero,"I want my money back.Even if you commit no mistakes. Your colony will still fail eventually due to random events.I tried to give this game a serious go, but even once I learned the highly illogical way the lemming like colonist suicided themselves by walking out the furthest airlock from their objectives, I continued to run across numerous bugs like trade ships leaving before they finished trading, dumping hundreds of items on the launch pad or colonists wondering off away from the base in droves because they could not figure out pathing to their objectives despite me having built multiple paths within my base leading to numerous airlocks. Carrier bots idle when there is stuff stacking up in farms despite me having ample storage facilities close by, Workers going off to work in a mine or processing plant despite me having the security building set to a priority, so radar dishes go unmanned and meteors continue to slam into my base every 5 or 10 minutes.Colonists have to be told not to go outside in a sandstorm or during a solar flare. This isn't something people want to do naturally? Not die?Invaders come more often than trade ships, despite my prestige only being 300/1000.Frequent bugs where colonists will suddenly stop bringing resources to a build site despite having over 100 in both metal and bioplastics. I have a lab and an airlock that have not been built in over 3 hours of waiting. I have over 300 colonists and have built several other building in that time, but these structures are ignored after they bring one or two items to them.I have had 4 ships in a row land with invaders which ends up killing all my guards through attrition and colonists do not arrive fast enough to replace them. And why the hell do invaders come anyway?They have zero chance of taking over the base and they all die every time. It's like a colombine situation where they just want to kill as many people as they can before they die. If they really want to take over the base all they have to do is wait. All bases fail at some point due to random events. So invaders are just wasting their lives trying to take them by force.The EXTREME difficulty of this game is trollish at best.The creator left no way to adjust the diffculty off the stupidly difficult default.Colonist die instantly if they run out of food even if there are vegetables staked 3 high in the farm or storage, solar flares cause radiation poisoning that wipe out half your colonist, sand storms are almost daily and cause so much damage to equipemtnt that you WILL run out of power at some point because solar panels and wind turbines with 10-15 year lifespans on Earth will become usless in a week on this starter planet unless you have an endless supply of spare parts. (Not even close to an exaggeration. 5 days and they start breaking down.)Colonists whom are starving will not eat food that is ready to get right off the plants or stacks of it in storage. If you do not have the exact ratio of colonist/structures/materials. You end up with a failed colony after the first accident, which there are far too many.There is no margin for error and this game, which had huge potential for people who like building games, fails on every level because it boils down to a game for people who like punishment. Because the game will punish you over and over and over for the slightest mistake.And don't dare try to apply any sort of logic to any part of your strategy. The game does not make any kind of sense in that regard. The colonists have no will to live. In fact they are constantly trying to die and you have to micromanage them to keep them alive, but you don't even have most of the tools you need to properly micromanage them. No way to tell a specific colonist to do a specific task and nothing else. They do as they please. Even if it means they and the whole colony will die.All in all this game is a collosal disappointment and would have been a lot of fun if the creators were not hell bent on making it an insanely hard challenge just to keep your power generators from falling apart in a week.If they patch in a way to turn off all the insane events and drop the stupid maintenance schedule, this game could be fun to play. But even if you get your base going, eventually there is nothing to do because the game is more focused on destroying your colony than actually building one. Most structures don't even have advanced forms and you could really use giant sozed power collectors and water extractors, bigger O2 generators, dorms and airlocks capable of allowing more than a single person at a time trough it. (Even though the ones they have look big enough for 5 people to git inside.)Right now it's just frustrating. nothing makes sense. Trees that use up oxygen at night even though the farm they are in still uses full power so the lights are still on, so the tree should produce oxygen 24/7. the tomatoes right next to the tree continue to grow, but somehow the tree has entered a phase of darkness in full lighting. Farms also produce no oxygen. you need about 1 water fountain for every 10 colonists. My highschool had about 1 water fountain for every 500 students.And these are just the crazy things that make no sense. The random events are worse.There are events you can do NOTHING to stop. And those events just end the game destroying your colony. You can't do anything to prevent them.Solar flare pops up and fries all your medics. Had 5 of them, but they all got radiation poisoning and can not heal one another when sick.Meteors crash into critical structures or kill critical colonist all the time and you can not build a defense against them until your base is almost completely built. And even when you do build the meteor defense, getting the engineers or workers to man the stations is not possible even if you set the security building to the only priority in your base. So meteors still get through and sure as♥♥♥♥♥♥they will hit critical structures at the worse possible times.A game is not suppose to be playable only until a random event makes it unplayable. I have had games where I have only just gotten started and a meteor crashes into a structure killing the only engineer I have and even when I have a landing pad, no more colonist will come because who wants to go to a colony where nothing is being built?I timed the meteors on a ""low"" chance game and they hit every few minutes. They hit structures, bots or colonist about one in ten meteors, so you are going to get loses and it's just random with no way to defend against it.there is no way to prevent invaders. Even if you turn off all the landing permissions, they still show up. A nd they have no goal ecept to kill as many of your colonists as they can before you kill all of them. You should at least have an option to capture them, torture them to death in horrifying ways and broadcast the horror back to where they came from to make them think twice about coming.This is not a game, this is a gamble. That's all. It requires you to be lucky. Skill is meaningless because random chance will lose you the game 9 times out of ten.The designers should have placed a way to turn off the random events in the settings or had the human decency to have difficulty levels like every other single player game known to man.But they didn't. They made a game for hard core gamers who like to lose due to making no mistakes at all. Just random chance.And I paid money for this garbage."
,Not Recommended,403190,18629017,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,[RRT] Darm,"First, I want to state that I really, REALLY wanted to like this game. The theme is great, the graphics are decent, and mechanics are solid. However, there are a couple things that make this game very awkward to play and downright aggrivating at times.The whole purpose of the game is to build a colony and try to have it survive as long as possible, which is easier said than done. At the time of writing, one of the biggest qualms I have with the game is that there's no way to set a building's construction as a priority. On top of this, there's no way to take direct control and issue orders to your colonists. During my first game, I got to the point where I needed to build an additional water extractor. I had plenty of supplies and placed one on the map and connected it. I then set to clock to 2x time and waited 10 minutes. During this time, all of the colonists continued wandering around with their thumbs up their asses. No water means no oxygen, which means everyone dies.Which brings me to the AI. What AI?In all seriousness, the AI is beyond broken. On multiple occasions, I've had a surplus of medics with lots of the necessary components to produce medical supplies and the workbench set to high priority, and I would sit there and watch the medics do literally everything BESIDES make medical supplies. A similar situation happened with the engineer and spares production. I'd have the spares set to high priority with lots of metal and a surplus of engineers, and they did literally nothing until the spares ran out and everything broke down.There are also some other issues such as an awkward UI and lack of building hotkeys or rebindable keys in general. But, this is all minor streamlining stuff that can be overlooked. Incompetent AI and lack of agency are what really kills the game. I may buy the game again if they change these, and may even recommend the game later on. But I cannot recommend the game in its current state."
76561198060244772,Not Recommended,403190,18629953,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,ENCE,"This game is kewl but it has serious AI issues. My biggest one is spare parts. IF you dont create them your power system falls apart. Even with tons of spare part makers full of the right resources and putting them on priority, no one will create them. It can be frustrating too to watch an AI create one all the way up to 95% and than stop. Its little issues like this that make the game almost unplayable at this point. With patches they may be able to fix this game. Has alot of potential."
,Not Recommended,403190,18660808,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,ROFL_Iron,"This game has well desgined mechanics and addictive gameplay. UNFORTUNATELY it crashes after about 30 minutes of play and auto-save every 15 minutes. I'm not a fan of *REPEATEDLY* losing 15 minutes worth of work.After some patches, *now* the main menu & ingame HUD is completely invisible making the game entirely unplayable.DO NOT BUY until they patch this game and make it more stable, it is essentially early access though they say that it is done :(UPDATE [v1.0.9]: The AI is ridculously naive. I have lost 3 games in a row because the AI prioritizes ""Metal"" to building new structures rather than to building ""Spares"" even though all my power sources are failing and everyone is dyning of asphyxiation because the oxygen generators are unpowered. YOU HAVE TO RELY ON THE AI FOR EVERYTHING :( :( because you can control units individually, or force some things to be postponed, or disable componets within a structure. Either let me pause hte game and control the units directly, give me high grainularity prioritization of tasks, or make a competent AI. The game's main challenge is hoping the AI does what you want.I have seen thisPrioritizion List:http://steamcommunity.com/app/403190/discussions/0/483367798507030927/Here's the thing, unless this game has the complexity of Tic-Tac-Toe, these prioritiztion list will never be expressive enough to behave inteligently."
,Recommended,403190,22760489,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Tidus,"Planetbase is a very fun and addicting space colony sim. The game has a small learning curve but can easily be mastered with little time and effort. The game mechanics are rathers simple as you need to build oxygen generators, food biomes, factories and workout facilities to ensure your colonist stay alive and happy. Planetbase offers rich planetary atmospheres and challenges that will keep you entertained for hours!10/10"
76561198028960649,Not Recommended,403190,18620290,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Warchicken,"--Review for veterans who love the genre--I know you were looking for THAT space station game that would finally replace Space Colony, Startopia, etc. from your game library.  This game, while passable, is NOT it.- The COLONISTS are not an improvement from older games.  They stand around doing nothing or pick the jobs that are just not needed right now.-  You CANNOT assign beds, to make it easier to get to work.-  There is no fast travel to reach the farther areas of the base.  So if you plop down a cabin, which is a room that assigns colonists ther own PERSONAL bed, and then they have to work in the other side of the map.  Well then thats quite a problem. If I could asign the bed to a someone who works nearby, tha would be awesome.- You can hire five different colonist types. Who cares what there names will be, because your going to have hundreds of them.  They do NOT improve in skill nor can you improve their equipment.  The only ones that get an upgrade are guards, you can give them a generic gun.The INDUSTRY/ECONOMICS.   You can make robots to help run the base. Miner/Constructor/Carry bot.  Make generic ""guns"" to either give to your security force or sell to traders.- You can sell any other surplus items you over produced in the base.  Its very easy to have a surplus of food.- You CAN prioritize rooms, but not specific jobs in that room, like making specific materials you need. This forces you to specialize rooms, for example I have a small factory room at the corner of my base that can produce 4 weapons at a time.  I turn this on every time I hire guards.-  You can also trade with passing ships but you CANNOT prioritize transporting goods to the landed trader.  So if your base is just too busy the ship cancels trading and leaves.-  You can limit the amount of items your base can produce which will stop your colonists from expending all your resources.-  So the fun really is in managing a 300+ person station with a bad interface and Bad AI.TechNo research.  You buy every new tech from the traders.  There are 8 improvements.  You will not use all 8.Combat/conflictAutomatic lasers that shoot down meteors that get to close.  Guards man security consoles to look for intruders.  The guards can then track down these intruders and use the gun you gave them.  You can also hit the red alert button to allow colonists to go to the guard locker and grab a gun.  Which I never needed to do yet as the guards have easily destroyed every intruder.  Sadly no other items like armor or medkits.   No other enemy aside from the generic ""intruder"" 15 hours in.Biggest caveat ---> There is very little control over the people, aside from ""prioritize this room"".  And we all know AI tend to be dumb in games like this, which is why I like the option to help it once in a while.While pretty to look at and I got to kill 16 hours playing it, I realize, it has LITTLE OR NO REPLAYABILITY.  Once you figure out the right build order and how to stabilize there is very little challenge in the game.  The only challenge remaning is figuring out how to grow larger, population 300.  And for someone like me, I was hoping for more gameplay.  The completionist in me might just reach for the 300 just to say that I did.  But really after 15 hours, other games are more interesting/challenging/fun.Don't get me wrong its an OK game, which can be played with one hand.  So if you have to be bedridden for a few days this game is a good fit.  But not worth the asking price.   Wait for a sale less than $10."
76561198007187961,Not Recommended,403190,18859529,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,J3w Jitsu,"The AI pathfinding in this game is just awful.  IF people went where they were suppose to instead of getting stuck going back and forth in hallways, or just randomly doing nothing with all stats in the green.  Now take that issue into account with trying to get resources.....yeah...makes the gameplay very slow and not fun, looks nice, has potential but pathfinding kills this game for me."
,Not Recommended,403190,18736119,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,DreadScourge,"Tried to build a colony for the first time and everyone died because one of the robots got stuck on another robot and nobody thought to pick up the resources that I needed for oxygen, because to them, the robots had it covered. I should have known it'd be a problem when the tutorial level for stuck for 5 minutes because two of the astronauts couldn't decide which route to take to the lab. In a game filled with linear walkways, you'd think that two people could get past each other. You'd think that would be on the list of ""things that can ruin the game indefinitely.""Disappointing in the worst kind of way: fun, but the game itself prevents me playing it. Luckily I hadn't played it for over 2 hours."
,Recommended,403190,18874648,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Viper123_SWE,"Brought to you by Madruga Works,Planetbasecan be described asBanishedin space.The player assumes the role of being a colony administrator; it his your job to establish a fully functional colony on another world.This task is all but easy though; you will face a variety of problems such as power shortages, lack of food, meteor showers, sandstorms and even hostile takeovers from intruders.All in all Planetbase is indeed a very enjoyable game, make no mistake however as it is far from being easy. Your first colonies will almost guaranteed be failures, over time you will learn from your mistakes and create the perfect colony.So far I have very few complaints, which is the lack of a ""easy mode"" (for filthy casuals), the lack of vehicles (inter-colony transportation when?) and the sometimes goofy AI which have the rare tendency to ignore prioritized orders, alongside with the fact that there's no way of directly ordering the colonists.And while the game is unforgiving, the cute graphics, loveable art style and cheesy soundtrack completes the experience.After all, who doesn't want to listen to a cheesy soundtrack while building up your galactic emp-err, colony. All in all it's a fun game which I recommend to anyone who liked Banished or to the person who just wants a tough challenge."
76561198095502322,Not Recommended,403190,18619308,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,mayuyu,"bad AI, more than 30 people died of starvation when i have 20+ food storage, 30+ vegetables and 8 meal maker.......can not make priority level to build construction"
,Not Recommended,403190,19009464,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,Sam,"Right first off I don't feel I could recommend this game in its current state at the very least.I do like this game but I can't recommend it because it only took me 3 days (playing in evenings for several hours) to touch on all the content the game had to offer, and even that was stretched out a bit.This game is challenging in the beginning which is fine but once you get the balance of production / consumption right it gets a bit boring, once you have telescopes + lasers setup it just feels like that's the end game.The only way I could recommend this game is if there were more content as it is there is not enough tech to expand into and it just feels like once you reach a certain level of colony that's it you may as well start a new game."
76561198073928421,Recommended,403190,18791282,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,syspam,"Really enjoyable game and the devs seem to be very involved.  In the beginning there is a steep learning curve, but with some patience you should get the hang of it.  Everything is very connected in the game, so you have to have a big picture view as you plan out your base.There are some issues that still need to be fixed, pathing for one, but they can be overcome by adjusting your layout.  I've seen a lot of negative reviews, some seem valid to me, others just seem like complaints because they didn't get a perfect, massive base on the first try.  So take the negative reviews with a grain of salt.It may take a couple starts but if you try to learn from your mistakes you'll see how to get past them.  Also, don't rush to end a game because you are in a death spiral, I've seen games where you get down to three colonists from 50+ and are able to fight your way back with a little luck.Challenging game that takes a little effort."
,Recommended,403190,18539715,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Siscoprofit,"Fun game. Some really nice base building mechanics and feels like the dev team really love the genre. I love when I buy a game on steam and it feels like the developers poured themselves into it.Anyone who is into base building/sim should check this one out. Although probably best to wait for the next big sale.It is kind of a tougher game to get into especially the way you start in terms of figuring out how to keep you crew alive. If you are into the genre, stick with it and there lots of fun to be had.Late game it gets a bit repetitive but nothing that some updates and ideally workshop content couldn't easily remedy."
76561198008692494,Recommended,403190,18530798,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Dr. Sedula,"Easy to learn, but hard to master, Planetbase is one of the most fun games I've played in quite a while.It's not perfect -- sometimes your AI colonists (you do not control them diectly) will idle when they should be following orders, for example -- but the good massively outweighs the bad for me with Planetbase. Most of the problems I've found are minor, and could certainly disappear with time and patching.Even now, though, Planetbase is eminently playable, and far more fun than I expected it to be. Perhaps its greatest design acheivement is that it never slips into that ""mid-game dull spot"" I remember from games like Sim City, where you've acheived enough in-game that the challenge is gone.With Planetbase, you're always trying to keep your colonists alive, thriving, and expanding in hostile planetary environments, so you can never completely call your work finished.I find the game fun and truly compelling, and would recommend Planetbase to anyone who might be interested.Be sure to play the Tutorial (maybe even a couple of times). As above, the game is simple to learn, but developing solid survival strategies will come with time and play.Oh, and get yourself a second Medic on base, as soon as you're able. You'll thank me later. :-)Recommended."
76561197980109046,Not Recommended,403190,28663990,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,ROM KNIGHT,"Your workers will literally work themselves to death, refusing to eat... even if you have a food surplusThe building mechanics are annoying and very restrictive...DO NOT buy this game. AI is suicidal and it's honestly very boring..."
,Recommended,403190,18551699,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Trien,"Fun Game! Needs some work, but enjoyable!"
,Not Recommended,403190,18567888,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Sithious,"I thought I would give this game a try, it looks decent and fun, it's mostly original and it's always good to see more management and base/city building games hit steam. BUT after playing this for 6 hours straight just... ugh, this game really tries to be good but the dreadful AI is just barely tolerable and really lets this game down. The learning curve isn’t that steep but with the barely fair amount resources you start out with as well as the clumsy, super inefficient AI this game is brutally hard, stack this on top of the nightmare that is balancing every single resource in this game and your left with one tedious and frustrating experience. At times this game feels pretty decent, but then suddenly you realize how much of a chore it is when you forgot to build one more power storage and boom! it's all over... everything goes to crap, again.This game will be a major pain in your butt for your first few play throughs, I don't know how many times I restarted and reloaded a save after who knows how many failures just to learn enough to get a base -barely- going, and I did the tutorial, I learned everything I could, but nothing can prepare you for how insanely fickle the game balance is. Got no biologists left to get food cas they all died somehow? It’s over, everyone starves. No workers left or don't have any meds to heal them so they work again but need you need workers to make plastic to make the meds in the first place? well your screwed, the game will never make any progress and it will be boring a heck. Need to make one more wind turbine but can't get enough metal cas the power keep going off stopping the workers making metal? ugh, yay, you forgot to make extra power a second ago and everything comes crashing down because of it, fun. Everything in this game relies on each other for a base to work, -everything-, if you forget to make even meds it's all over, ''but that’s the whole point of the micro management and is what makes the game interesting and challenging though!'' you might be saying, yes it is, but in this game it just feels like a joke, this has happened to me in Banished before but it generally felt like my fault in that game, in this one, I just feel cheated. The fact there is no difficulty setting to be seen is very disappointing to, so if you plan on playing this game casually then lol just don't, this game is on brutal difficulty all the time, every time. Just something to keep in mind.Last thing I’m going to go over is the AI, like everyone else that has down voted the game on the AI I also have to admit it is as dreadful as they say, it is 'barely' functional and is just so frustratingly not good at what it's supposed to be doing. Even when prioritizing room for tasks you need done badly they will roam around and go on strolls or fill up their sleep meter every 5 seconds, they seem to do everything in their power to avoid doing work to keep the base running before doing a tiny bit of work then going to fill another need cas a need bar went down alittle again, are you kidding me?! There is no way to adjust when they go to fill their needs or where they go to fill them they just go and do it when they want, I even saw a worker abandon making metal just to get afew seconds of sleep then go and eat when he really didn't need to, meaning the end of that game cas I really needed the metal to make more power. I’ve even seen workers die of hunger as others eat the last of the food cas their hunger bar went down alittle and got to the canteen first, like what!?!? there is no way to stop them from doing that either, so enjoy watching your space base of morons have no idea what they are doing. In a game where the AI is essential to the whole thing running and being fun you think the dev would have done a better job right?… it’s a shame really.I also hope your not looking for anything graphically impressive or nice to look at either cas it’s pretty below average for me, the only anti-aliasing is FXAA im pretty sure cas it does a bad job and blurs the game pretty badly. It seems to be running on Unity 4 engine tho so you can’t expect much I guess, a real shame cas I sure wish it looked as pretty as the store pics.This is just a 5/10 for me, pretty good effort but until a major AI overhaul is done this game is just a major tedious time waster. Sorry to the devs that worked hard on this but I suggest skipping this if you have something better to do with you 20 bucks."
76561198070043172,Recommended,403190,21086694,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,mdslondon,"When I first saw this game, I had already purchased another one of the same type (Sol 0) - I believe that's the name. I must admit I am a bit of a sucker when it comes to this types of game (Strategy/Simulation/Build/Management). Even though I thought the other game was just OK with good potential... PlanetBase seemed even more intriguing.The graphics are quite good, yes, for a game like this one doesn't need much better graphics really. The soundtrack at the begining really gets you into the grove that you are about to go into space and colonise on a far away planet... I was really into everything and letting myself immerse in the experience.The first 3 games, sadly for me I must admit, I pretty much killed all of my colonists quite fast!There just seemed no way to be able to keep a balance on the things one needs to build for survival of the small colony you start the game with.Particularly food! Food was always an issue. It didn't seem like I was ever able to keep enough food being produced (bio-domes took too long to produce enough materials to fill the meal making machines in the canteen).Also, there seemed no way of really prioritising any of the jobs your 'sims' (I'll call my colonists sims for the sake of ease) have. So a lot of the time they just stand around being 'idle'. Being the masochist I am clearly, I tried to persevere and figure out what I was doing wrong.Eventually, I was able to develop a colony, enough to have just over 30 sims in it.But even then, somehow the bit of the map I was in had hardly enough space to build as there is no way to get machines or bots to break through the hills/mountains/whatever you want to call that are all over the place. I understand the purpose that they're needed for the sake of building mines and producing ore but... and a big but... there should be an alternative to this issue!Anyhow... eventually after much fiddling around with the map, starting a game, seeing what the map is like before starting to build, quit to menu and restart the process all over again,,, I managed to figure out my way to a semi decent sized map with enough space to build a 'decent base'.Still I really like the graphics.The music became a tad annoying so pretty much just opted to have it off most of the time and leave the sound effects on. The meteors, the spacecrafts, the lasers, the solar panels moving, etc are pretty cool sound effects that helpt the game immersive potential.However... There is as much great about this game as there are possibilities to improve it (and needed improvements). It would be great to have a bit more control over what priorities one can/should give to its sims... better control over the different food types, what goes into each meal making machine (for example we should be able to select how much of veggies and meats a particular machine should hold; this would give the option to have properly balanced meals on some machines/canteens and simply fast meals like salad or whatever on others for quick hunger quenching). Also, maybe I am missing out on how it works in the game, but we should be able to assign a work machine or at least a specific dome/area to a specific sim and hopefully this would avoid the fact that since they spend most of their time trabelling around the base the machine works are produced considerably slow for the needs one has sometimes. SO trying to balance those out can get annoyingly challenging (fiddling with colonist percentages, etc) since they'r not quite maazing. They work well I guess if you just really focus on developing one group of sims at a time for whatever one single need one wishes to develop... but that means you're lacking on other areas...I think it would also make this game a lot more interesting if you had demolition bots or tools to craft the terrain in order to expand your building map.I could go on and touch on more in depth thoughts and ideas... but I wouldn't want to bore anyone that bothers to read this review any more than I already have by possibly making it this long.Well... I think it's a good game with potential to be great, with improvements needed for sure. Still quite enjoyable until you sort of get the hang of how to control the small controls available to expand your colony/base.6/10 for potential that's for sure. Wonder if there are any developments to come that will make the game more enthralling!So I will recommend the game since there isn't a level of marking this game other than Yay or Nay! As I enjoyed it and wish for more (once the game improves)... I will leave it for others to decide if they Yay or Nay the game after all!"
76561198010733662,Recommended,403190,21203491,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Bizant,"I love this game, simple but none the less challenging, can't wait for some expansion to come out (hopefully anytime soon)Keep up the good work!"
76561198015674346,Recommended,403190,22123705,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,AFx-TT-Rampage,"I have been reading the many reviews listed here, at first I was unsure if I wanted to buy it due to the fact many of the negative reviews. However after buying and testing this game I have found it to be very challenging as one small mistake can lead to a restart/ load save game. But after several attempts it got easier and easier.I would definelty recomend to buy this game if you have nothing much to do or just want to waste some time."
,Recommended,403190,19816297,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,DragonFireCK,"While there is not a huge amount of content in the game, there is plenty for its $20 price point. Completing all of the objectives on each of the three planets will probably take 30-40 hours to get down, with additional time if you choose to try for the more difficult achievements.There are some issues with the AI of the game, however once you learn the basics of how it works, they are fairly easy to work around. Similarly, the game is a colony-builder, and not a city-builder, and has the vastly higher difficulty of a colony-builder.UPDATE: I finally got all of the achievements with 56 hours of play time."
,Recommended,403190,19822951,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,The Sensei (a.k.a Raffla),"Atmosphere, looks, experience are on point, however, some small features could've been better - for example there's no option to create a separate base or structure, once the first oygen generator built, no options to upgrade buildings if the base's needs grew out of them, or at least a decent system to make possible to place a building on the ground where currently raw materials are waiting to be stored (can't even give out the building order til these materials aren't moved, which takes a loooong time).Another thing: the AI of the colonists could be better. MUCH better.Recycling a building also can be a pain in the back on some ways, that needs balancing too.However, i've spent more than 100 hours with the game so far, and planning to play more, since the experience altogether is something really uniqe, i really like the fact that it needs attention to expand, and maintain things... One mistake, and there's no coming back, which is enjoyable at the beginning but when u have a base so big u can't even remember, where is what, this could've been balanced way better.With some small improvements, this game can be epic. Still love it though :)"
76561198087976258,Recommended,403190,20319618,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Ritch,"Great game ... for those with restraint! From first catching it's trailer I thought it was reminiscent of my first game on PC, Sierra's 'Outpost' ... it was, suface wise anyway.The tutorial is concise and well worth finishing before you move on to settle on to your first planet, a Mars type; because when your colonist's lander sets down, you're really on the clock with fairly limited resources. You get the majority of your build options at the beginning of the game and have to learn fast to reign in your construction enthusiam. When you've belched heartily after gorging through that last seemingly insignicant bioplastic crate, you'll really miss it!After you've learned (within the constraints of your playing style and resources), what to build, where to build, when to build and how big to build it, there's an awful lot of freedom in the game. Once the initial adrenaline wears off you'll find yourself planning the perfect 6sigma colony arrangement and then palm slap as you realise that it's going to take seemingly forever. It doesn't but the game certainly makes you work for it.By the the quarter point you're into the rhythm of the games day/night/disaster cycle. The web of needs you've created has an annoying ability to spiral into system collapse if you're not paying attention to the many management tools at your disposal. But then you realise that bots are your friends, as are those really expensive patents!At the mid point only reckless sabotage of your colony can cause any difficulty. The game starts to counter the apathy with occasional raiding parties, some of which can be quite devasting but by this point it can be a bit of a drag. In a stretched out colony the AI becomes irritatingly inefficient. In fact the only reason I can see to get to 300 colonists is to unlock the moon sim and the 'achievement'. The other two sims once get progressively more difficult at the offset but again, become tired at the midpoint. Worth doing though just for the first half.Still, minor end game gripes aside, this is well worth the £10.50 I paid and I will be keeping an eye on Madruga's output."
,Recommended,403190,20880972,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Stoo42,"If you've played Banished, this game is like Banished, in space, and a bit harder. Throughout the progression you still have the opportunity to have a colony collapse if you're not careful.There is a (very basic) priority system to help direct people, but I would like maybe a bit more control over what specific order people need to do things. Even a priority flow for materials might be a good thing, although this may make the game too easy.As it stands, I'll definitely be getting my moneys worth from this game, and with 3 planets to eventually build on, it has quite a bit of replayability also.Add in the achievements, and you may end up playing it a few more times to try to hunt those out as well.Very enjoyable game for those people that are builders and planners, that don't necessarily want to always be fighting an enemy. The environment (and the odd intruder!) are the only real enemies here, other than your own bad planning (which honestly can be enough in this game) :-)"
76561198003121959,Recommended,403190,20740605,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Goadfang,"I almost didn't get this game, because I read the reviews. I'm glad I decided to get it. I guess I'm a masochist. This is a challenging game. If you want a game that rewards you for making stupid decisions and or not planning ahead, then get something else. My first 6 bases? All failed horribly, but I learned each time and now building up a working base is simple on the first planet.There is only one drawback, and that is that sometimes you can get saddled with a nearly unusable starting area due to simple siz restrictions. Not that you can't build a survivable base, it just won't be big and will hold you back from Milestones.My recommendation to new players: just because you can build a landing pad, don't let colonists land willy nilly. Plan your expansions and turn off colonists frequently to allow you to catch up to your needs after each expansion."
76561198026605335,Recommended,403190,19769959,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,Captain Heinous,"So much fun. Lots of variables for both building and managing leading to challenging problems that will cause you to rethink your appraoch next time. Some well balanced external threats add flavor as well. Not too difficult overall.As fun as games like Prison Architect, City Skylines, Banished. Not as expansive, however. Graphics and sounds are great. Music is really good at least for 30hrs  (ambient, relaxing)."
,Recommended,403190,19735572,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,MrDonNotty,great game really makes you think of every move you make def do the tutorial it gives great advice i suggest this game to any and everyone
,Recommended,403190,20052171,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Sillyducky2001,"I have created 9 bases and 1 has survived 30+ minutes! Gr8 game 8, I r8 8/8"
,Recommended,403190,20725300,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Joshatron,"Everybodies giving mixed reviews here so I'll be frank. This game is great if you like base building games, but it's limited in what you can do. Not to say there isn't lots to build because there really is, but once you've got a stable base it will get old unless you're like me and will spend hours being all finicky about the perfect spot to put your potted plant.That's the long and short of it.But on a further note this game can be bloody hard at times especially when you first start. First two times I played, my guys prioritised building a landing pad instead of the airlock so they could breathe. Turns out you can't survive without oxygen. Apparently they didn't get the memo. The next time I played they decided that it was a better investment of their time in the long run to build a flat screen tv in the dining quarters instead of building the water fountain I'd put in when the room was first built. Then needless to say they all turned into raisins and I was left with two robots and 7 spacesuits which I now have to list on ebay as ""Slightly Used.""But, I can honestly say that in an economy saturated with copy/paste shooters and only one or two decent triple A games entering the market every year, a return to the simple base building format is a really nice change of pace.But yeah, basically, if you can handle looking after an army of man-children with about as much sense as a plate of plums, and if you can deal with your favourite robot getting hit in the face with a meteorite and letting the rest of your base die of space aids whilst you stare intently as the engineers try to save his little life, this game is for you.However, if man-babies ain't your jam, or if your heart can't handle the tragic death of the brave little toaster, then go back on the store and try your luck at something a little more friendly. Like Pyjama Sam. Like serously that game is the♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198057254689,Recommended,403190,20695204,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,poorinreign,"Most of the bad reviews on this game were given before the last few updates to the game. Once those were deployed, this game is absolutely amazing. In 2 days I've recorded 18 hours of gameplay because this is just the kind of gaming experience I hoped for from a title like this.A lot of people already listed its great features and how stable and smooth it is. So I'll just say that my only beef with this game is that I wish there were more techs to discover/buy. Once I built a couple Starpots and visitors started rolling in, I became ""too"" rich and could basically buy everything the traders had to offer. I earned the tech milestone in under 6 hours. Other than that, the game is wonderful."
,Recommended,403190,20616766,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Smashing,"I landed on Mars, my brave colonists exited the ship, the black bars receded signalling the end of the cutscene and a meteor dropped right into the middle of the group killing half of them instantly.10/10, would be killed by meteors again."
76561198030109797,Recommended,403190,20002701,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,The Architect,"Hello,I rather enjoyed this game, especially the first few hours, trying to learn game mechanics and good balances for personnel ect. However after abit more extended play through I realize that this game is kinda lacking on few aspects I find important1. The UI isent terrible, but it could certainly be improved with simple changes and more accurate information, being able to look at all your important base functions and such on the fly instead of rifling through menus would certainly make this a much more enjoyable game. The alarms... after the first couple of times its cool, after that... irritating.2. The AI is garbage. I hate watching how this all unfolds as your base expands. sometimes you get high level colonists building or hauling materials somewhere when its not their job and have a more important task thats more their specialty then what they are doing. The path finding needs work, not a whole lot but definitly some fine tuning and a few more features would fix this.3. Game content feels high but quickly piddles off after 200 colonists. It feels like there alot of AI interaction is missing, most times it dosent feel like your playing a a base building game... but more watching. Sure you build the building and make the connections but theres no individual conduction of each colonist. you cant take control of colonists on a whim to correct a serious error instead of clicking a button and waiting until people have time to get things done. A maintenance managemnet screen would also be nice, indivdual control of colonists, especially guards... i feel like thats a big one... you wouldnt have to monitor your whole base if all you could do was place guards at the entrances and tell security stations which zones you want surveyed and not randomly. With base building games i always feel there should be a tech tree, but in this your purchase your techs... alright then. Overall i always feel a lack of total control over whats going on in my base. Another interesting thing is lets say your 270+ colonists in and as your expanding you need to refurbish old wings of your base, the game makes it impeccably time consuming, even reorganizing modules or having things built can be tetious, especially when your getting into the larger bases.Overall its a good experience and though i only seemed to mention bad things about the game there is lots going for it and alot of the game mechanics are agreeable and most of what goes on is okay, but I can just picture such a better game with a few tweeks and a few features added that could turn m 6.8/10 into something more..."
76561198003709369,Recommended,403190,23205808,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,Ranualf,"This is a great game, But.. yes there is a but..and not the one you are thinking of..Early game it is tough, until you understand how to build ""stuff"" and how the various building pods interact with each other.Mid game when you have about 120+ people in the base you are farly established, but beware, things can and WILL go wrong if you get to confident in you god like ability to set out you base..you main food hall gets a rock dropped on it- 17 scientists die.. O M F G!..you are now running out of food..Blizzards, huge rocks out of the sky, lightning stikes, pirate attacks, power outages because you skimped on the base ""links""... yes these things can happen(although thankfull not all together!).Mid to end game is pretty much be careful and dont mess things up(hint LOT OF BOTS make people happy)..The AI is a bit ""odd"" lets say, walking around the bease because the airlock was in use.. you engineers die of oxogen starvation- W T F !... patch helped this a fair bit- but still- this is NOT Sparta..I would like to see more large buildings, different mining facilities- all dem asteroids man- juice minerals!Differant manufacturing options- at the moment it is at two - metal and bio plastic(mines give ore, plants give starch- into bio plastic). Can we have more ""stuff"" to make please, more bots types, differant planet types- perhaps alien plants/ animals as a risk factor- making options for counter measures, instead of just pirate attacks, etc, etc. This game has HUGE potential, and I do love it,I have spent nearly 90 hours on it- great fun, utterly frustrating at time because I messed things up- reload hours/ days earlier to try to ""fix it""...As an Indie game it is well worth the cash, and is great fun!"
,Recommended,403190,21075055,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,RAM AIR IV,"It is a fun game. I enjoy playing it. It can be a bit challenging at times, but that's part of the fun."
76561198015456313,Recommended,403190,21248129,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,hellbiter88,"I like this game a lot. It's fun and engaging and makes for rewarding--and also punishing--gameplay. The main task is keeping your colonists alive, which can be a serious pain sometimes. The start of the level is critical, and you need to carefully distribute your resources to different buildings right away, otherwise you will find your colonists dying from dehydration, hunger, sleep deprivation or asphyxiation within the first 10 minutes. After several tries and fails, I got the hang of it and managed to expand my base across almost the entire seeded map on one playthrough, with a population somewhere in the many hundreds.My Suggestions For Making This Game Even BetterI think the trading system needs a complete overhaul. You should be able to broadcast purchase orders and have them delivered to your base, rather than the ""[random] trading ship has docked"" system that they have now. I think more food and leisure, and building options would be nice to implement in a future expansion, as well. And I would like to be able to assign sleeping quarters to particular staff, because currently they will sleep wherever the closest bed is when their sleep need reaches critical, which can be far away from where you want them working if you aren't careful in your layout.Speaking of layouts--there needs to be a more effective way of changing locations of your buildings. Currently the game only allows you to deconstruct one building, and reconstruct another in a different location. This is a VERY long process since first the building needs to be removed, then all the worker's needs need to be met (which in itself takes awhile) until they can begin construction on the new building. And in-between that time they may need to exit the base to retrieve the dropped resources one-by-one to put them in storage and use them in the construction of the new building.That brings to to one last request: changes to the random map seed.--I think the maps are really cool, actually. They have the atmosphere and design to them that makes you really feel like you're on another planet. But the multitude of rocks/hills makes constructing a base in the layout that you want extremely difficult. There should be a slider option to adjust the amount of ""open terrain"" on the map, promoting more growth and development. The terrain shouldn't be flat and devoid of scenery, but it should be slightly customizable. I find myself starting games over and over and over again just to recycle the seed until I find an open-ish map that I can work with. <--This is a nitpicky suggestion but one that would go a long way towards replayability, I think.Alternatively there could be some kind of terraforming option (possibly even mining protruding rock for metals), thereby flattening an area of terrain.Despite these suggestions for improvement, don't misunderstand. This is a well polished game which I have enjoyed very much and which I have gotten my money's worth out of so far already, and I see even more replayability in the future. Hopefully updates will continue to come on a regular basis, providing more content and extending that replayability even further."
,Recommended,403190,23934264,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Paladeus,"I have 3 sections to this review: ""The Good"", which includes evaluations on audio, video, the tutorial and the like, ""The Bad,"" and ""What I'd like to see""""The Good"" --It's a basic ""build-and-survive"" game, much like ""Sim City"" or ""Rollercoaster Tycoon,"" but it's very nicely done. It's challenging as heck, at first especially as you need to remember what the tutorial (which is also very well-done,) showed and taught you.  You also have to worry about certain elements and being placed in a basin that restricts you to building only a few things before you run out of room, but that, too, is a challenge to see if you can get out of it.  If you like the idea of building from the start just to survive and keep going as you would in a real situation like this, you'll greatly enjoy the game. I personally give it a 9/10, and that lost point is only because there isn't a difficulty setting (the planet itself is the setting, but you have to start on what amounts to fairly easy. Though I wound up in a basin and all my people died o.OVideo Quality: ExceptionalAudio Quality: Nice and inoffensive, but I lowered the music volume to listen to my own and left SFX on.Tutorial Quality: Very good. It teaches you what you need to know to start and survive, but does not take you through the more advanced options you'll end up with.Recoemmend to others: Yes, but as stated above, you'd have to enjoy the game type/theme like Sim City, Rollercoaster Tycoon, etc.""The Bad""--Only that, as of yet, I've not been able to mine down mountains when I get stuck in a basin and can't survive from it.  Random placement is a pain in the butt.""What I'd like to see""--I'd like to see the ability to tear down mountains so I can grow out of basins (Minor as we can always check the area and restart as needed from the beginning.)In the theme of the previous, I'd love the ability to Terraform: tear down mountains, dig/use holes to make lakes or rivers (oxygen creators and thermal control nodes could be used and have a range/area of affect.)Create multiple cities/colonies. I admit I've not played far enough to know if it's possible quite yet, but I'd love to get a colony started, built up, and then start another (perhaps areas with more or less dangerous concerns, be they meteors, local wildlife, etc.)Again, in the theme of the previous concept, I'd love the ability to create space stations and colonize other planets in the solar system or galaxy. I know there are games out there that do tihs, but I think they're all MMO.  If anyone knows of something like that, lemme know, please. I love the complexity of it all."
,Recommended,403190,21421553,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,MindfulOcean,"My original review was among the first on the Steam for this game.  At the time, there were numerous AI glitches that made the game unplayable, and I felt the game belonged in early access.  I promised to come back to Planetbase later on and change my review if the problems I cited were addressed.  They have been, so I decided to delete my earlier review (which had attracted a lot of attention) and write a fresh one.Planetbase is rather novel.  You are tasked with building a successful colony on an alien world.  What makes this interesting is that you have no direct control over your colonists.  You decide what gets built and the ratio of colonists with various jobs that you'd like have in the colony as new ones arrive, but there is no way to directly influence what any unit does.  The closest you can come is increasing the priority of a structure, and I have to agree with the folks who say this seems to have a questionable effect at times.It is challenging at first to understand just how to build up your base.  Frankly, you can expect to lose a few bases at various stages until you work out a system for creating a successful one (and the hazards will sometimes wreck your base any way if you aren't prepared or get unlucky early on).  This leads me to two complaints I have with the game.  First, the tutorial should give better advice.  While it does explain the function of many structures and show you how to reach survival, I don't think it demonstrates a good starter base design.  Or at least I didn't have any luck following it.  My second complaint is the speed of the game.  You can make the game move at x4 speed, but it still feels like things move along a bit too slowly, especially since your liable to fail the first time your base reaches certain key points you don't yet know how to deal with.  It's sort of demoralizing to lose an entire base when they take so long to grow in size.The main way Planetbase offers replayability is through planets.  Each planet features a different terrain design and unique challenges to make base building and survival more challenging.  There are milestones to be reached in base development, and new planets are unlocked once enough milestones have been reached.  I understand a new planet will be added in the near future in an update (there are three at the time I'm writing this).  So if you find you enjoy playing Planetbase, there is a reward to seek for doing well which in turn gives you a new challenge and an incentive to try building a new base.As I said at the beginning of this review, my initial impression of the game was very negative due to a variety of serious bugs with the AI.  All of these appear to have been addressed and I was able to clear almost all of the first planet's milestones with relative ease (and I had fun doing it!).  I still wouldn't say it's perfect though.  My two medics became engrossed in the task of walking back and forth down the corridor to an air lock for like two days straight, leaving me without medical supplies or treatment for injured workers.  After a couple of days, they just stopped doing that and went back to behaving normally, but it was still odd.  I'm not entirely happy with how the AI manages workers, either.  I had some unexplained droughts in my production of metal that lasted for ages.  The mines were full of bots, I had plenty of workers, everyone was happy and well-fed, there were plenty of machines, and yet...no metal.  I was stores were full of ore but no metal was coming out.  This only happened a couple of times, but it dragged on long enough to be both noticeable and irritating.I'm not upset that the AI is occasionally wonky, I just feel like it is worth mentioning.  Planetbase is a fun game if you take the time to understand how to play it.  For the aspiring player, here are some tips from my own experience playing the game.  This is just what worked for me so do feel free to experiment.1. With the exception of the first Canteen, build everything large, especially oxygen generators.2. Don't expand too quickly.  When you've added stuff on, watch to make sure your colonists aren't overloaded and that you have enough water, food, and power to keep the base running for a day or so before doing more.  Night is especially critical because power outages are awful.3. Biologists seem to be able to reliably tend to three things at once (plants and meat) before getting overworked.  Rice, tomatoes, and meat seem to work well for food.  Be mindful of the ratio between rice and tomatoes because one grows faster than the other.  Naturally, you will need to plant a medicinal patch when you are nearly out of medical supplies to ensure you don't run out.4. Be ready to start building robots ASAP.  Robots eventually fail and your base will become much less efficient as you start losing them.  I would recommend making it a priority to save up for bot designs early on unless you really need something.  Building and driller bots are awesome.5. Cabins may hold less beds than dorms, but try to have some if you can.  They appear to boost morale by a fairly large amount in addition to providing colonists with a place to rest.6. Don't bother building a multidome.    Bars see a lot more use, but be mindful (VERY mindful) of the resource consumption.  It became an issue way faster than I expected it to.7. Be mindful of your starting location.  Look around to make sure you have a lot of room to expand before you start making your base.  Don't do what I did and accept a sub-optimal location only to get boxed in at the end game (if only I could fit one more large O2 generator in my base...).8. Oxygen can become an issue in two ways:  either you just plain don't have enough for all the people in your base, or you have enough but they are too far away from certain structures in your base.  A lack of O2 kills quickly, and depending on how it happens, it can be difficult to throw down a new generator in time.Good luck and have fun!"
76561198024182120,Recommended,403190,25893542,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Manalo,They have fixed a lot of the problems that were making game play difficult in early release.   The game is enjoyable and I feel you get your money's worth from the time you invest to complete the game and the challanages.I hope there will be more content comming.
76561198105294208,Recommended,403190,22284142,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,ImperatorElite,"Better than I expected based on reviews and how hard the game is etc. Keep in mind I've only played the first planet so far. First off, do the tutorial, it will save some time and frustration. You can pick you base location on the first planet (haven't tried others), do this and find a location that has A LOT of open space, not pockets of it, but a huge area. It took me about 10 attempts but once I did man was I thankful.Even after tutorial, I failed about 3 times playing this game. Why? Because I got over zealous in 3 different things. Expanding base too quickly with too few colonists. Led to unhappiness/starvation etc. Expanding colonist population too quickly, again, starvation etc etc. Third, combination of not taking my time to make sure I had medical supplies/spares produced and plenty in stock while also having more basic power structures etc.After these events I learned that I need to take my time, some pick it up fast, some find this game very hard. I'm usually average with strategy games. If it's extremely complicated or indepth I have a hard time with it. I find Planetbase in the middle, challenging, but not so hard I can overcome challenges and advance far.Currently, I have a population of 220 (you start with 7?) and about 50 bots constructed, unlocked all tech upgrades via the trader ships that land and have a continuous balanced production system, never run out of anything. So overall done with planet 1 if I like. But I have not built many of the new tech buildings. In order to do that I have to recycle large areas of my base and rebuild, which again can be problematic, take away the wrong building with too much population, could spell disaster. Some things I found frustrating at first before advancing in the game and understanding it better were meteor strikes and armed intruders. Meteor strikes will be frequent, but very spread out, so small base, 1/100 will hit maybe? Large base covering a huge area you will see multiple strikes now and then. Anyone caught inside a building that is hit = dead. Got to keep an eye on this and make sure you have the right amount of colonists ie engineers, biologists, workers. No biologists = no plant/food growth etc. When you unlock landing pad/starports there is a small chance a colonist ship landing might actually be armed intruders, naturally they will attack and kill your peeps. So you need armed guards. These 2 things I found frustrating at first, but you can build a telescope in conjunction with laser to shoot almost all meteor on a collision course with your base.Developer seems very into keeping the game updated and listening to the community. Many will question $20 price and wonder if it's worth it. I'm on the fence with it, I picked this up on sale for $15 and was skeptical then, but definitely don't regret it now. I'd say try get it on sale if you can, nothing wrong with that, but worth at least a $10 price tag. Nothing wrong with supporting a good game with a developer that actually cares. Can't wait to see where this game goes in the future with additional updates, possibly expansions/dlc? or maybe a planet base 2.Will continue playing and supporting this game, glad I got it."
,Recommended,403190,22333138,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Vexy,"I honestly really like this game. It is really fun, even when your settlers die from dehydration during the process of bending down to get A FREAKING DRINK. Other than that, this game adds alot of cool aspects of surviving. It certainly keeps you wanting to play more. I tend to stop playing when my civilization dies, but always come back later."
76561198097732750,Recommended,403190,22343018,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,emaleighwow,"This game was worth the money to me, It is 4 levels of difficulty on the same game with slight variations on which map you get.I am almost sad that I have beat every level because there is no point in playing the levels over again."
,Recommended,403190,22330097,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Papa John,"This game is one of the most underrated games on steam (meaning that not many people have it) I love it! all it really needs is competitive and/or coop multiplayer. This game is so much fun, but nobody has it because many people buy games for their multiplayer expierience. Solid game 11/10"
,Recommended,403190,22335987,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Newmann.ZA,"Love this game! Definitely worth looking at if you like strategy based games, without the worry of getting attacked and your whole base destroyed..."
,Recommended,403190,35136095,Posted: 22 September,all,Andromeda,Yes.All it's missing is more to do and more to build. And... more dynamic crew BUT it's a pretty fun game once you get over the fact this game will beat you to a pulp of shame if you don't pay attention to the fact your crew is Human and has needs. :)
,Recommended,403190,35028610,Posted: 17 September,all,Dragon Ferocity,"I've always enjoyed base building games. Planetbase takes everything I like from these kinds of games, and puts a new twist on it by making the base be on different kinds of planets, each with their own dangers. At first the game was rather difficult for me, as I was trying to figure out how to balance food production with the number of colonists in my base without overworking my people. I love this game as when you solve one bottleneck, another one shows up; it keeps you on your feet. For some people that would probably be rather annoying, but I find it rather true to real life, which is why I enjoy it.The only building I wish that was in the game presently was a hallway extender so that you don't have to build another building in order to extend your base in a certain direction. I also wish that you could add more connections between buildings. Also, if I recycle a building, I usually am not able to put the same building back in the same spot.Those things mentioned above though don't detract from the overall gameplay, they would just be niceties which may come with time. This game is less than two years old.Overall: Very Enjoyable."
76561198060051172,Recommended,403190,35202878,Posted: 25 September,all,celtskyline,"A great game for making a very large city in space, more items would be nice once up and working not much ells to do"
76561198044728450,Recommended,403190,25119204,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,saulscmit,"If you like things like Sim City and Sci-fi stuff then you'll probably like this. Needs a bit more in the game, & more goals. Open ended game play is alright but it's a bit limited when you've got everything built and several space pads and such down.It's OK, ie: 3/5 and I would recommend it if you like these sort of games."
76561198168768896,Recommended,403190,25471172,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,SilenceThePeruvians,"This game is somehow manages to be as addicting (and life sucking) as games of the genre of Clash of Clans, the kind that you make a base online, with other players. Despite there being no real incentive to log on, as the base does not change without you, you still can't stop playing! It's a tremendous amount of fun, and I like the way it uses fairly realistic technology, or at least technology that will be developed within the next 50 years or so. One thing that I do have to say is that the AI's stupidity is just mind boggling. I've heard of engineers getting trapped by building connections around themselves, and in my base, colonists have starved to death walking from canteen to canteen, stopping midway because somebody took their meal. This became such a large problem that I would personally reccomend always making sure that your food infrastructure can support at least 2-3 times the amount of colonists you actually have. I think it wouldn't take anything from the game to work out those kinds of small things. Also, I'd appreciate being able to station guards at airlocks. Another annoying detail is the fact that the AI do not know how to coordinate to eat, work, and rest intelligently, which becomes a problem when I have 30 engineers, 8 actual job slots for them, and yet half those job slots sit empty most the time, or when I've had medics just sit around in hallways while people die in the sick bay. Lastly, I'd really appreciate the option to play this multiplayer. I get that it would be a large change to the game, but you could have two seperate modes, single and multiplayer. It would be interesting how you would account for attacking other players, as, realistically, a single bullet would pierce the airtight sheild and kill everyone inside. I'm sure there would be a way to work this out, just a matter of deciding to do to or not."
76561198307514287,Recommended,403190,34946553,Posted: 14 September,all,kchsu07,"An impressive foregin planets exploration game. However, game updating speed is kinda slow and lack of challenges in the late game.But still a very good game for the beginers."
,Recommended,403190,35023221,Posted: 17 September,all,& Knuckles,"Planetbase is a very (and I do mean very) basic colony management game. It is designed to tested the player's ability to micromanage resources and predict the needs of a colony as your fellow scientists survive the harsh environments that the universe has to offer.With a great music score and stunning visuals as you play, Planetbase helps teach players the value of not just managing their collected resources, but also the manpower, morale, and time required to keep a far-flung colony together. Even though this formulaic gameplay can become quite monotonous and dull over long periods of gaming, Planetbase still enables the type of managerial challenges of not only surviving in space, but keeping team members motivated to accomplish mission critical goals.At a $20 price point, it's definitely worth the investment."
,Recommended,403190,35135828,Posted: 22 September,all,Haquat,"Very fun game, but repetitive and dull after a few hours.If they updated it with new things, it could be cracking... but they seem to have just forgotten about it."
,Recommended,403190,35063597,Posted: 19 September,all,< blank >,"fun easy to get going, can play on the go. not to complex but just enough challenge that you may need to redo a couple times. Great city builder ++1"
76561198306479918,Recommended,403190,35088069,Posted: 20 September,all,TheTLS,"This is a fantastic game.  I'm actually most impressed by the tutorial.  I've seen lot of tutorials that either baby the player or don't describe core concepts well enough, but it was very well done.On the gameplay side, this is super replay-able.  I've continually refined my base builds over time, and it's surprisingly fun (instead of tedious) to come up with more efficient/better ways of building bases.  The sound is great, though I could use a little more diversity in the musical score.I think my one problem with the game is the mechanism for controlling trading and colonists.  The trading system seems a little bleak, and the controller for colonists is a bit confusing, over just selecting what kinds of colonists you want to receive.  But those are minor complaints to an otherwise fun and replayable game."
,Recommended,403190,25154815,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Telarius,"Being a fan of the old game Space Colony (now also available on Steam), I had to give this one a chance.  Though far more serious, this is a very enjoyble game, albeit extremely challenging.  Though the AI can be a bit off, this is certainly a title worth picking up on sale if one enjoys the challenges of planetary colonization!"
,Recommended,403190,35059007,Posted: 18 September,all,.:ENG:. Sir Arthur,"Pioneering on the Final Frontier.This little game is deceptively simple, but downright addictive for me.It's all about balancing the needs of your starting or expanding space colony, and getting it out of balance can mean a cascading catastrophe.The starting planet isn't too hard to get a foothold on, but the tougher ones are difficult even to get a small base established, but the game gets under your skin so you keep trying.Keeping your supplies of power, air, water, food, and materials balanced is critical. Expanding your colony too fast risks mass starvation (hard to come back from that), while becoming too visibly successful means you will suffer raiders and gunfights to protect your people.While the basic game has some decent challenges in addition to the main task, modders have added quite a bit of value with some really fun additional challenges to play, as well as a lot of other languages.I hope the game eventually gains some expansions or sequels, because there is still a lot missing that could have been done with it, but I've already sunk 130+ hours on it which speaks for itself.A few tips:1. Don't leave it to the AI to decide what workers should be doing. Use the High Priority setting on processors, factories, farms and labs to keep everyone busy.2. On tougher planets, build only what you need, and only the size you need NOW. You won't have enough materials to build larger items until you are self-sufficient on materials.3. Build order. I would suggest the following (I forget the exact names) to get started almost anywhereAirlock, Air maker, solar panel, power store, water extractor (that will stop your colonists suffocating)Cafeteria (drinking fountain first)Bio dome (get some food growing, with some starchy food. Each bio scientist can look after 2-3 growing pods so don't overdo it or your crops will fail)(at this point you will probably need more power)Dormitory (they can sleep on the floors but they don't like it)Mine, Processor (for metal and plastics)First-aid (people get hurt in the mine sometimes, and in sandstorms)Control center (sand storms kill people so get them inside)Landing pad (for trade and to get more colonists)Factory (you are going to need a lot of spare parts)This lot is pretty much the minimum at which you can start to relax. After that, a little expansion in numbers is OK but don't go overboard or forget that colonists are coming in. It would be nice if the game allowed you to set a population limit, but it doesn't and they keep coming.A few other notes:Cabins not only give sleeping accomodation like Dormitories, they also recover happiness while sleeping there.Bars and Multi-domes also help happiness, and are popular with visitors (make money) once you have a Starport open.Building bots is a good idea when you can because they are more efficient than people, but you need to have a good supply of chips and engineers. Even on high priority, you engineers are likely to wander off to do other things, so making bots can be slow at times even when you have the parts. An auto-repair station is good because it saves your engineers having to go rescue broken down bots.Hope that's helpful, enjoy."
76561198044012035,Recommended,403190,35119021,Posted: 21 September,all,carlptolemy,This is a very engrossing and enjoyable game! My uni really took a hit this semester!! :D
,Recommended,403190,24638138,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,richardas.rac,"Very addictive game. Wanted to go colonising new worlds? You might change your mind after facing all the challenges in this game, but if you are careful enough it is a rewarding experience."
76561198035016939,Recommended,403190,21033521,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,nhtat70,"About TIme. Excellent gameplay with excellent control. No glitches. Only thing I would ask is more domes and more dome upgrades in them. And by the way, where are the bathrooms? Are they not needed on other planets?I would Definatley Recommend."
76561198149419622,Recommended,403190,19484133,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Kane,"Always been interested in these type games,  and there are no other games like this to my knowledge out there.  You colonize planets,  making strategic decisions on where to place your buildings and produce everything your colonists need.  The only disappointment is there are only 3 planets,   but the 3 you do get to play with looks nice.  They really do give you the impression of being all alone on some new planet trying to survive.  I would totally be down for a DLC for this game!"
,Recommended,403190,21065217,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Ashard,"This game is set on three different planets which you can unlock over time. Each with their own difficulties to face, asteroids, solar flares, and even people who will kill all of your colonists. It constantly stresses that you pay attention to your resources and balance everything out so that your colony doesn’t die. Overall this game takes up a lot of time to play, but in the end you get to have your very own colony on a different planet."
76561198043384288,Recommended,403190,19524986,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Neesan,"If you enjoy games like banished this is a must buy. Looking forward to more developments and updates in the future - as there is a lot of room for improvement (more types of rooms/ trading system needs to be more streamline/ more recreational rooms and beautfication options could also be cool). None the less ,it satisfied my craving for a survival / building game!"
76561198021313713,Recommended,403190,21312773,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Tuoni,"Great sci fi survival builder. If you love Banished, you will enjoy this game."
76561198014895998,Recommended,403190,19542036,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,goov,I love this game its hard and addicting and alot of fun!!
76561198009583278,Recommended,403190,21342101,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,BenRage,Patience and balance has become my mantra playing this game. After rushing to build up too quickly and watching all my colonists suffocate or starve I finally restrained my enthusiasm enough to start slowly and build up to a fully functional base with amenities that will attract visitors willing to pay some sweet coin for the services provided.
,Recommended,403190,21992319,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Zoffix Znet,"A wonderful game about difficulties colonizing another planet. With real life Mars One mission to colonize Mars launching in near future, this game shows you just how many difficulties the colonists will have to overcome.You pick a spot on a planet to land at, you land, and you start building up all the necessities of life. From food, water, and oxygen, to medical care, safety, and entertainment. One miscalculation, and your collonists are diying left, right, and center.Along with a multitude of buildings you have to construct in a sane pattern, you get an option to construct equipment available in those buildings, resulting in hundreds of variations of things you can build.Your landing party are just the pioneers. You construct a landing pad to keep up the inflow of collonists, traders, and visitors to your fledging colony.I initially resisted buying the game due to multiple negative reviews using a vague term ""no depth"" to describe the game. I'm still unsure what they mean, but my guess would be the lack of plotted story. It's true, there is no story plot to follow, no villain to subdue, no arc to complete. But in my opinion, the entire game is the ""plot."" You start off with barely anything and your story is to survive. The scarcity of resources is your villain you wish to defeat. Is there a need for more?I didn't feel the game had to start with some cinematic about the future of humanity or some other ideal I had to pursue. It's implied.Moreover, the devs responded to a little buglet in the tutorial that I reported within mere minutes.I'm definitely giving a solid thumbs up to this game and it's certainly worth the measly $20 it sells for."
76561198197717937,Recommended,403190,29523178,Posted: 27 January,all,The_Pedro123,"its good because its fun, not got hundreds of hours in it but if its on sale and you think you might like this you probably will and i would suggest getting it."
,Recommended,403190,35237936,Posted: 27 September,all,Dr_Valen,Great Game but please for the love of god let us control what the colonist do. I had a great colony i spent hours on fail because not one of my engineers could be bothered to make a spare part when all the machines were primed.
76561197973644085,Not Recommended,403190,35351559,Posted: 30 September,all,Mr Negative,It's just 'OK'. Just play Banished instead.
,Not Recommended,403190,35317126,Posted: 29 September,all,phresno,"No replayability. Little to no internal progression for technologies (you basically have everything readily available up front). Colonists are resource consuming liabilities which you cannot control enough to remind them to breather properly. The work priority system acts more as a weak suggestion to colonists, who frequently ignore it. Air-lock queuing seems to be favored organized activity, followed closely by seeing who can react the least to the gun-wielding invaders shooting up the place, and third favored would have to be dying while carrying food to a table. Defenses are fully manual, resource gathering seems to happen randomly, and resource production is barely controllable."
76561198190605549,Recommended,403190,35268509,Posted: 28 September,all,madmoonlight,if you like resourse management games and a dont mind a challenge this is definetly worth a look.
,Not Recommended,403190,35350121,Posted: 30 September,all,LLSix,"The cool parts of the game are locked behind a long, boring, tedious grind to get achievements on the first planet."
76561198041287301,Recommended,403190,20232484,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Joakim,"got to 45 people, had 2 small canteens with 2 meal maker thingys each, and like 15 people died of starvation randomly gg. Seriously game is 420/911 (Gr8)"
76561198065924492,Recommended,403190,19625649,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,john_orman67,"All I can say is that this game is fantastic! It was very difficult at first, but it truly is about balance, and P.A.T.I.E.N.C.E.I have gotten to the second world, sustaining a 300+ population on both the first and the second worlds. I believe the third, will be very satisfyingly challenging.Great Game!A few suggestions, though... A tool to help cut into mountains for easier expansion would be helpful, right now the simple base pad works to some degree, but its a lot of ""place-connect-delete""Being able to instruct a colonist, say, to go pick up that orphaned crate out in the boonies would also be beneficial.Finally, the buffer zone, or ""no build"" zone between buildings seems to be a bit excessive. I figure if a colonist can walk between them, enough space for exactly that should suffice, rather than wide enough to drive a truck through...Wait a minute, hmmm, truck..? Or space buggy..? Hmmm..."
76561197975464456,Recommended,403190,22190400,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Decoy,"Banished in space. Not a ton of action, but a solid survival city builder."
76561198030608477,Not Recommended,403190,18682023,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,gurthang99,"In the end, even the best plan will end in disaster because of the lack of power.  I generated tons of power and had over 50 large power batteries and I still had problems with it.  Where is nuclear?"
76561198014745880,Recommended,403190,21939163,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Lisa2900,"Wow!! What a great game!! I just got it and it's so addicting and fun! Not only is it challenging but its really a great game! I was debating on trying any city building games that was dealing with the ""In space"" scenery, so I took a chance after watching gameplay and also after reading reviews and I have to say that I absolutely adore it and will be playing it for many more hours! Well done!"
76561198005582422,Recommended,403190,22290966,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,gnklein92,"For an avid city sim player, this game is a great change of pace. I have been looking for a up to date space city sim for awhile and thought i'd give this one a go. My initial expectations were pretty low, because i didn't read any reviews or comments beforehand. I really didnt know what to expect other than ""hey the pictures of the game show decent graphics, and looks pretty easy to build a large base.""Boy was i dead wrong. After 10 - 15 more attempts plus multiple tutorial walkthroughs was i able to build a base large enough to reach prestige lvl 100. I thought ""If my base is known by everyone, lets open up the landing pad for settlers."" Settlers came in droves, realized i couldn't provide enough food for everyone fast enough, people began to go hungry, a couple settlers died, and then boom! 30+ settlers died of starvation. Wasn't until after 20 that i realized my science lab was prioritized and all of the biologists were trying to make synthetic meats and not tending the plants.This game is very adicting and extremely difficult because of the random events. It would be helpful to add a queue to the food machine and water fountains just like how there's a queue for the airlock.Great game and I hope we keep get these great patches."
,Recommended,403190,22292894,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,lucasgrathouse,I just saw The Martian and now I can play it.11/10 would strand makeshift Matt Damon on Mars again
,Recommended,403190,25825577,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Superman,"Pretty cool. A game that gets repetitive and can be very frustrating. Very. Definitely something to come back to, though.8.5/10"
76561198043085440,Not Recommended,403190,32826417,Posted: 26 June,all,HateCult,"I was attrackted to this game by the graphics , so I thought I give it a try . At first I had a lot of fun learning to know the game , the gameplay is very smooth and full of action . After a while I started wondering why I had to start over and over again to create a functional base , it seemed like I didnt get the clue . After starting over hundreds of times I gave up and came to the conclusion this game is only for alien wiz-kids with superior intelligence , unplayable for people like you and me. Thumbs up for the graphics and smooth gameplay , but the learning curve is way to harsh ."
,Recommended,403190,23152737,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Cathy is watching you,"nice game, but after played 40hrs... start bored"
76561198122186227,Recommended,403190,28298281,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,LoganMB977,"This is one of my favorite base building games. Once you get the hang of whats going on, it's very enjoyable. Don't give up if your first colonies fail! It's part of the experience."
76561198064381260,Not Recommended,403190,28998881,Posted: 3 January,all,tnzxongg,"Planetbase in itself is not a bad game. It runs well, it certainly tests management ability to a degree and it can be challengingly fun.However, it is also not a good game. I was pulled solely by the space colony concept, which ran dry very quickly - I sank more hours than necessary, thinking that there would be more to the game.For a £14.99 price tag, in regards to depth and replayability, it remains very limited.A real lack of depth marrs the entire experience, not limited to:- A tech tree that can be finished in about 3 hours of gameplay - this revolves around purchasing blueprints or construction of buildings.- Awkward AI in regards to prioritising construction and production- A serious lack of tools in organising the utility of colonists when timing of resources is so importantFor a colony sim regarding managing humans, the colonists are either the least believable humans or all communists - to suspend disbelief, I prefer the latter description due to:- Colonists never socially interacting with one another, presumably due to their complete utilitarian brainwashing- A lack of diversity in distinguishing features between colonists, either from appearance or skillset- Sleeping in someone else's bunk - there is no distinction between personal, private and public property. It's all just everyones. Dont think about adding any personal clutter.- Very little feedback given from the colonists on their needs or wants. Everyone is happy looking at plants under communism of course.Managing 'needs' of the colony is an incredibly unengaging aspect. Expansion in gameplay is limited.Yes, it is playable. Yes, it can be fun. Unfortunately, you see to much of it too quickly - there's almost no variety in how you would build your colony and I should have realised the extent of its content before the 4 hour mark. Although the problem with a lot of Indie titles is that many of them are too ambitious, Planetbase unfortunately seems just a tad bit unambitious.TL;DR - Get Rimworld instead."
76561198033991327,Recommended,403190,33594332,Posted: 16 July,all,BootynTheHofish,"5 Star Rating *****  Great Game!!What can I say?  Not since the original Rome Total War or Battlefield 1942 have I spent this much time on a game. And what is personally refreshing to me is the lack of  a violent theme and / or the usual sarcastic rehtoric from the  young and insecure multi players. Yes you're alone, There are no other players to compare skills with. But you still have a very formidable enemy. Mother Nature. She's the greatest of all foes. And if you thought planet Earth had extreme forces to be reckoned with, well, there are planets out there that will make survival seem virtually impossible. But yet, as Jeff Goldblum from the movie Jurasiac Park said "" life will always find a way"". And thats what this game is about. Life vs death.Just like a good chess game. Every decision has to be well planned and thought out. Because decisions have consequences. And Mother Nature seldom forgives. But when you finally pull it off. You're on a strange and harsh planet. But you and your colony did it. You set up a functioning base that not only supports life but even saves other lives from Space Travelers passing through. Its a well deserved feeling of satisfaction.And if you're keen to growing certain plants of a medicinal benefit in one of your Biodomes (greenhouse) you can even sell the produce for a quick profit.I love this game!As a weekend musican and Insurance Agent Office Manager during the week. I find the music is perfect for this game. Almost movie like in its ability to capture that elusive Space Sound.If I'm not mistaken. The team that created and worked to make this game happen are from Mexico. Not that it matters but I haven't seen too many PC games come out of Mexico.  Good job Amigos! Two thumbs up!There are some posts of people complaining about this game and whining about certain aspects of it. I don't understand. The game does exactly what it promises and with fun, stressfull at times but with excitemement and satisfaction. Just as any challenging game should. And I saw very, very few glitches. It is well balanced and realistic.Of course my Brother n Law who is one of the Flight Directors at JPL/ Nasa may scoff at this game as being pure fanstasy. Based on unrealistic physics and technologies. But I would beg to differ. How unreal? After all. We are currently making huge breakthroughs in Solar Energy, Synthetics, Robot Technology, Air and Water Production, Food Production, Biology and Space Travel. Today's Scientific Facts were yesterday's Science Fiction. Before you can invent anything you first have to be able to imagine it.  And thats what I love about this game. Just like Star Trek, it takes scienctific fact and gives it a little push. A push in the right direction.Trust me. I'm not a spokes person for this company or an employee. I'm just an everyday guy who uses a good game as one of the tools for relieving day to day stress.Buy the damn game. Pick your spot on one of those tough planets. Setup camp. Start building a base in Space and see how fun it is to not have to kill or fight against some internet egomaniac.  Mother Nature wants to see if you have the ""Right Stuff"".Do you have what it takes? Well then let's see.  Good luck.Game on.     ~ Peter  D ~  Base Commander : Alpha Centauri . 5th Planet from the sun."
76561198066509263,Not Recommended,403190,28964143,Posted: 2 January,all,john2soccer,"TLDR:  Check back if the game any gets any substantial DLC, workshop mods or is for sale under $10; otherwise its a no go with not enough content or experience for more than a single playthrough of the first planet for me.For the people who say the games ""algorythem"" (nice spelling) has made it so that its impossible to make a sucessful planet base, what on earth on are you doing?  Within my first several hours of playing (although I must admit I had to restart a few times) I was able to succesfully support a base of almost 100 colonists, unlcock almost every tech, have multiples of each building producing an excess of resources and have almost completed building the monolith and then...thats really all there is to do in the game.  Becasue of the lack of (in my opinion) content and base customizability theres not really anything left for me to do that I find enticing...I thought this was going to be somewhat of a cross between an economic sim and a city builder, which it is to a certain extent, but it falls short for me in terms of content and replayabilitiy.  There are also a few small annoyances with the way computer handles things but most of my obstacles stem from being limited in how and where your buildings (domes) can be placed and how the connections can be placed.  Theres my two cents."
76561198009547994,Not Recommended,403190,35394873,Posted: 1 October,all,Roman,Wasted potential. This game could be great but the embarassingly bad AI kills it. Maybe pick it up on a sale 75% off or something. Sadly in it's current state it's not worth more.
,Recommended,403190,35428796,Posted: 2 October,all,Deaf3279,"It's fun game, If even it's old game, I still enjoy it"
76561198111071169,Not Recommended,403190,20016031,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Zobo,"Man where do I begin. At first this game is realy cool. Very quickly though, the game's lame AI quicks in. Building your base becomes frustrating and the non responsiveness of your ""minions"" who work randomly instead of prioritising that critical structure which you marked as a priority sometimes makes your entire colony collaps. Only wind and solar power are available and everything is on the surface (vulnerable to meteors). Power supplies are unmanageable as the game will often have entire windless nights wich result in the slow death of your colony.Seriously, sometimes the game just decides that you will not build the critical spare parts to repair your base, eventhough you've made it a priority and have everything you need to make more.Too flawed to be worth your money. Plus they are letting it die, so don't bother with this bad game. very sad because it showed alot of promise."
,Recommended,403190,18604140,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Enot,"Pros:- Domes!- Sort of realistic approach to colony buldingCons:- Imbecile AI, I've been watching for 2 days a fountain to be build and no one attended to it while being almost dead from thirst- No building priorities, I want to click a button to say ""this has to be build ASAP""- No UI with quick resources overview"
76561198024720558,Not Recommended,403190,18618908,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,fravel.cj,"Game starts off great, with a decent challenge on figuring out what to prioritize when and whatnot but once you get to a respectable base size the only challenge is the AI itself. Workers will stand still and die, robots will get stuck outside and ignore alerts which makes your engineers spend all their time fixing them when they stay outside. Engineers will take the last material needed for a building out and then go back inside instead of building it because that task was assigned to someone across the map. Fix the AI and it could be a good game, until then stay away."
,Recommended,403190,18525220,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,[BoTM] Anorax,I love the concept of the game and the execution of the graphics but I feel this should still be classed as an early beta or late alpha. The biggest problem I have with the simulation is the lack of control over colonists. I've run through three bases now and they have all failed early due to a cascade of non-performing colonists which I am not sure if this is due to bugs or some underlying game mechanic that is not obvious by the very limited information the game interface presents.Eg.- Colonists won't build new buildings but will instead mope around with malnutrition issues.- Colonists won't tend to plants.- Because the plants won't grow they won't produce food which also stops colonists from doing anything.- I desperately needed to build another wind farm and the colonists refused to complete it because they wanted to repair other structures instead. This problem went on for 4 ingame days until the whole colony collapsed.- The colonists refused to repair my robots making the robots useless and immobile.- Even with a well stocked warehouse my colonists still refused to do any work.I am not sure if the above issues are due to my lack of understanding but these issues will frustrate less patient players. My feeling is there needs to be a method to force an individual colonist or robot to do a specific job until it is completed. At this time as far as I can ascertain you simply cannot do that and your colony is at the mercy of the AI colonists who may or may not do what you expect them to do or simply sit idle for days at a time and inevitably die.In summary this a brilliant but frustrating colony builder. So much of the mechanics are hidden from the player that I am unsure whether it is due to bugs or not. I give this game a 7/10 at this time.Edit: The latest beta update has addressed some of the above issues with colonists. Therefore I have modified my score and rating.
76561198058875107,Recommended,403190,18547678,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,OL79P,"Banished is definitely better with the mod support to greatly improve replayability.Hoping this game would get mod support too.Settings are lacking, but the game runs really good even in ultra with 300 plus population.The graphics are good. I will slow down the game watching my colony for minutes for its beauty.The management mechanics are good. I struggled to survive in my first few colony. Once i settled down, I try to optimize the position and connection of the structures.Overall, is a Yes to recommend the game."
,Not Recommended,403190,29090309,Posted: 7 January,all,BitLemon,"Planetbase has a very interesting concept, and neat gameplay. However, after about an hour or so of playing, it loses most challenge. While there are 4 planets, once you master them, you need to complete goals to unlock the next planet, some of them being very annoying and having no point.Pros:1: Neat concept2: Nice Graphics.3: It's fun to build and expand your settlement.Cons:1: You just end up repeating the same cycle over and over.2: The planets are mostly the same.3: Gets boring after 1 hour or so of playtime."
76561197968952255,Recommended,403190,30340396,Posted: 5 March,all,Gorespray,"Planetbase is a game about AI path management more than anything. This is even first line of text in the description  on the store page: ""Planetbase is a strategy game where you guide a group of space settlers trying to establish an outpost on a remote planet"". You literally guide the people through your carefully constructed colony and success is dependent on your design.You don't manage the people directly just how they go about their tasks in the colony and make it most time efficient to get things done. It's a simple game that takes on a life of its own sort of like an ant colony and I enjoyed watching the colony grow and prosper on my overall design and direction.Can also play the game with just the mouse so I can lean back in my chair and play. Don't like the fact that it seems like it's not going to get any bigger than it already is because there is room to grow this title. Bought it on sale and would recommend you to do the same."
76561198054977716,Not Recommended,403190,25985654,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Sir Ronald of Farbridge,"If you like a puzzle and management games this is alright for a couple of hours. Once you get your base up and running it gets repetitive, sure the different planets give a bit of an extra challenge but it boils down to the same things. The AI is not to bright and this can be quite annoying, like everyone being hungry, enough vegetables being availble but no one carrying them to the canteens. On top of that I've run into odd bugs of Bots being able to walk through walls if they don't have enough jobs to do or oxygen generators fluctuating in output whilst no reason can be found.Its alright for a few hours but don't bother paying the full price for it."
76561198081418200,Recommended,403190,18538423,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,{MLG} CrepeLord,"I love this game and considering that this not finished yet I am so exited to find out what else the developer will think off. This game is about starting to colonize a planet and build and and develope a base. It looks amazing and there is a lot of thought that has been put into it. BUT everygame has its flaws and this game has overlooked some critical things or just havent implemented them into the game yet. There are some very anoying things like workers not doing what I want them to do and the fork disease. I wish you could assign certain engineers or workers to a certain task or machine, I know you can indirectly do this but it takes too much time I want to tell the worker to do it now. The hidden fork disease is the most anoying thing sometimes, it is labled as malnutrition and the description is the lack of veriety of foods. First of all we are space pioneers tough it out man it is fine, and second of all you are getting enough foods to live so y u die?? I agree maybe if you sont have a good variety of foods the person should not be able to work as efficiently but even that is pretty stupid.There is also a lack of stuff to do in the game after you have completed all the achievments, I know they are still working on it but i am going to make some suggestions. There should be some crazy space wonders on the planets that you can explore and maybe find some alien tech or some ore. You could make another class of colonists that are called explorers that will do this for you. You load them up with supplied and send them off, maybe you could make a rover and their speed and carrying capacity is increased. There could be ore deposits on the surface and natural resources like that. Landscaping would be nice too, but with moderation being able to terraform a whole mountain is op bit flatten part of the base of a mountain is what I am thinking of. I think there should be more building and more everything just to give more depth to the game, mabye controling you own planet and take over the galaxy... lol idk. And if there is a way to overwite saves, please let me know because I lost my biggest base because of not beinbg able to do that. Overall I love this game and it is worth every penny, i am not telling you how to make your game but I am just making some suggestions."
,Recommended,403190,18538607,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,CommanderPancakes,"First off, before all you review reviewers go cutting my head off, this is one of my first reviews.On to the game itself.I think this is a fun game. However, there are a few, rather annoying issues.Issue #1. The resource ""tracking"" mechanism (AI in general) needs improvment. In my experience, the colonists seem to ignore resources that are needed.Ex. I sat for three in game days needing one metal for another Solar panel. My mine had four boxes of ore in front of it but instead of grabbing those, they would go and attempt to mine more, at which time they would then put the box of ore by the front door and go take a nap.This leads into the next issue, the priority system.Issue #2. Priorities don't seem to effect the colonists. The entire time I had the above mentioned issue at hand, the processing plant required to make the resources needed was the only priority building. But they continued to mine and use what they did eventually make into metal, into spares that were not required. And yes, I did turn the spare count way down.Another example of this issue is with repairing robots and sturctures.In a seperate base, I had a robot, broken down in front of the airlock. I had several spares on hand however nobody bothered to repair him. Later on, part of my power grid failed due to the lack of upkeep on my windmills, thus resulting in loss of power and a catastrophic shutdown of the entire base. After a desperate attempt to get power restored, everything just kind of fell apart and everyone died. All of this resulting from the colonists not repairing the robots or...anything for that matter.Issue #3. The colonists are insanely needy. It seems like almost half the time they are off in some random room, wasting time when something really needs to get done before they all die. I mean, I don't know about you, but I wouldn't be sleeping 10 hours a day, taking my time eating, and working out to de-stress if my life was in danger and something that was going to keep me alive needed to be built time-now. It doesn't matter if you are angry because it's either angry and alive, or, hap...oh.. wait, now your dead.Now, I'de like to turn and point out that this game is worth buying, if you haven't already. Personally, I think this game is awesome. It is pretty fun to play and well worth the money spent. If you are looking for a fun time killer and are into this style of game. I recommend it. The random occurrences, although they happen way too often in my opinion, are pretty cool. A few times I've been sitting there with no windmill, biting my nails waiting for the sandstorm to pass as I watch my power bar plumit. Or, been yelling four letter profanities after the connection to one of my buildings get nailed by a meteor. It adds that exitement that games like this usually lack.All in all, I'de give it a solid, maybe generous, 7 out of 10."
76561197977424115,Recommended,403190,25058721,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Zennor,Good value for what it is
,Recommended,403190,23519771,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,1426 hours on CS:GO,"bah, y sont où les aliens ? :pstarting the game, seeing hungry settler--> feeding him--> animation made me hungry  ----> 10/10 would play 20 hours+"
,Recommended,403190,22312230,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,SpaceX24,I made a cool PlanetBase and Nobody has died yet. I also have more than 2 Robots in it!!!
,Not Recommended,403190,18619146,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,FeliciaDaPlumher,this game angers me!!! fix yout AIs!!!
76561198011484341,Not Recommended,403190,29682597,Posted: 3 February,all,moop,"It was fun for a few play throughs, but there's just not enough you can do in the game. The AI could definitely use some improvement, maybe some more manual control would improve the experience. As the game stands it just takes too long to get anything done, and once you've surmounted the initial challenge of survival there's not much to do but build some pointless monuments. Maybe some extra story or a feeling of a meaningful and interactive economic connection to the rest of civilization would make the game more interesting to play.It does look nice."
76561198036335672,Recommended,403190,18689521,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Izalith,"A rather unforgiving Planet survival game, much akin to Banished (In space) where one wrong turn or bad luck with the Elements could render your colony dead.Though simple over-all, the game has quite a bit of underlying depth to it, and is being updated quite regularily. It is both rewarding and fun to play for those of you like myself who enjoy City builders. Replayability lies in the different planets given and the varying terrain that is procedurally produced at each planet creation. The further along you get, the easier it is to survive, so most of the challenging (and most fun) gameplay is done in the beginning stages of establishing your colony. Beware, however those of you who think themselves in a stable place as over expansion can be easily done leaving your colony of 50+ People who had happy stable space-lives plummeting into disaster, and worse, death.In the first week I owned the game, I played 36 hours. I could not put it down. On top of that, the game itself looks beautiful.Highly recommended for those of you who enjoy City-builders. 8.5/10"
,Not Recommended,403190,18641300,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Ithaqua,"Review updated per 20/09/2017Initial thoughts: Fun game, neat, pushing all the right buttons and interesting.In the long run: Low replay value, once you have seen all the stuff it tends to become a drag. Large bases are a disaster to maintain. Hard to tweak the building layout in the base without disassembling half the base. Random start locations are sometimes impossible to enjoy. Trading shuts down the flow of base operations as every able soul will be needed to haul stuff to a trade ship, if your base is on the verge of collapse then trading might actually cause half the population of your base to die.Beside some upgrades that only improve existing game mechanics and that randomly arrive with traders, there is no research in this game. No buildings that will improve your base or do things different as you did from the start. You will not graduate your base from being a mere outpost to something more permanent.Developer feedback is disappointing, instead of talking about adding new features to the current game, the respond in terms of ""we might add that in planetbase 2"".The only notable features they added to the current game are the medical cabinet and gun locker.Steam workshop support was, to my surprise, added. But it's just some scenarios and translations. The rest of the game is apparently not modifiable.With the current price tag of 20 euro... unacceptable.Wait for the game to go on sale sub 10 euro.Verdict : Still a rough diamond that needs some serious improvements beyond the basic gameplay."
,Not Recommended,403190,18534862,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Feracon,"Great idea, sounds like price is high for what content it offers from what I hear.All of which, I did not get to see because a few hours into a base all of my workers went idle in hallways and starved to death instead of going outside and building things that needed to be built."
,Not Recommended,403190,18535834,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,The Smithlord,PROSStraightforward mechanics and comprehensive tutorial to figure fundamentals out.Fun and challenging early-game forces you to carefuly manage power and resources.Trading system? It's not amazing or anything but it's helpful if you're lacking a specific resource.CONSIt's easy to strike a balance between population growth and resource consumption within the first 30 mins.The population growth system allows you to effectively choose which kinds of people arrive at the colony.No interesting endgame structure to build (the Monolith does nothing important!)Airlocks are terrible. Only one person can use at a time and you can't really build them close enough to ease congestion. Give us tiering upgrades please.No research. No Science. The only way to unlock one of the 10 techs is to purchase from a trade ship.Hazards don't seem to scale along with your colony so they get pretty pathetic towards the end.This game has potential but right now it feels hollow.
,Recommended,403190,18581774,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Ink,"I haven't been glued on a chair to play a game in a while...I like the idea colonizing other worlds  and I like strategy/micro management games. Planetbase gives that and more. Unlike other games that toss immense data and spreadsheets at player, Planetbase forces player to observe and be aware what is going on. Player must be aware of risks and issues that can struck his colony and to figure it - where is and what is the problem. Even when player achieve ""stable colony"" that still doesn't mean player is free to go wild.Player do not have direct control over colonists as in most games. This feel strange at first but once you get used to it, it is better that way - controlling 300 colonist individually would be really too much. Player must understand the needs of colonists, face the issues, solve problems and prosper above all.This is one of rare challenging games when some simple thing (i.e. selling too much unneeded resource) can kill your entire colony. Also this game has overwhelming feel ""Just to make this one thing..."" and you keep saying that for the last 20 made things. I really like that game loads quickly.There is not all so nice and well. The bad things about Planetbase are:- AI is strange (especially in crucial moments like engineer builds connector to the Solar Panel but then he ignores Solar Panel even though all needed materials are there)- many features should be extended:* visitors can be more gamy mechanic not just intruders or tourists* helping ships in distress also offers huge potential* new home made tech research could be a thing and to be specialized per planet* possibility to have some colony speciality that can affect gameplay* ABOVE ALL WE NEED NEW PLANETS WITH THEIR SPECIFIC CHALLENGES (lava planet? liquid methane planet? planet without solar power possibilities but almost constant wind and slowed movement outside?- can only enhance specialization idea)- better control over prioritization- better control over saving games- better airlock model (new airlock that can let in or out more people)- windowed modeI hope game will evolve and offer new content. Even as a base game, I recommend it to everyone."
76561198030757219,Recommended,403190,18540591,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Mahle,",...I had just typed, ""this is what all games should be""...and then meteor hit my power grid which was followed by a notice informing me that 47 people died of asphyxiation.   I like Banish and I bought this game because someone wrote that ""Planetbase is Banished in space.""   Oh, it is so much more than that.  It is Banished with gameplay...and it is lots  of fun.  VI very highly recommend it for everyone except FPS types.  Even then, the FPS types might be surprised."
76561198081851667,Not Recommended,403190,18549110,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,goldclaw07,Great game in premise but some things that annoy me to no end: note I will keep trying because I miss Outpost V1.0 and this is the closest game i have played to itthings that got the not recomended vote:1.) Unskipable cutscenes--normaly minor issue but its the same scene over and over and over etc2.) luck based start...you have no clue as to the terrain you are landing in and if you land in a small mountain valley...GG your screwed because....3.) No way to change terrain....and you cant build on hills4.)...pretty much luck based through and through...getting going doing good and WAM random meteor hits stockpile and it game over because now i have no food or parts try to rebuild but wouldnt you know it for some reason all of my biologist were in there at thattime..why?no clue shouldnt have been put it off to the side so only workers would be thereagain I personally wont stop trying to like it but as I said its due to love of a classic that doesnt work on our computers anymore...R.I.P Outpost V1.0As of .7 some of the worst AI bugs were fixed but still other issues mentioned here remain unchanged
76561198060151422,Recommended,403190,18620776,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Proof,"A lot of the complaints come down to the fact that people aren't used to losing. I had a long criticism typed up on the state of the video game community, but ultimately it came off as ranty and not really specific to Planetbase. Picard put it best:It is possible to commit no errors and still lose. That is not a weakness. That is life.Most importantly, you have to be willing to learn. Just because the game mechanics are more difficult or complex than expected doesn't necessarily dictate a change in game mechanics."
,Recommended,403190,30853941,Posted: 31 March,all,dboy31,"the game is ok. but it is like they stopped adding to the game and released it to early.  like your oxygen generator, dorms, and other things don't have a large size only small and medium.  while they have extra large on some things like wind turbine and solor panel.  and the other hald does not.   there is no terrain editing.   they also require you to have lots and lots of space to place a item leaving a lot of wasted space that could be used.  your people do as thye want you cant assign them to specific things or certain amount of time. like the telescope to help prevent meteors with the laser and to warn of sandstorms.  half the time they wont stay at the station even if its prioritized.  so in conclusion  there is so much more work to be done on this game  so i give it 1& a half stars out of 5.  but even with all that missing stuff i have still wasted many hours on it  so when its on sale for like over 50% off or more thats when its be worth the buy"
76561198046401549,Recommended,403190,18924351,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,artimustau,"Surprisningly deep level of micromanagment. Unforgiving but fair. This is the colony simulator i've been looking for. Worth the price. The lack, of story elements is made up for by the beautiful simplicity in the interface, graphics and depth of gameplay. Not everyones cup of tea, but for people taht want to build something from nothing, this is your game."
76561198005458227,Not Recommended,403190,18618223,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,breadtastic,"I really want to recommend this game. But... the colonists are so unforgivingly stupid/buggy, and the micromanagement so incredibly arduous, I simply can't recommend. Even just adding the ability to prioritize build order as you lay out structures would be a huge plus for this game, but as it is you have to handhold your colonists every move or watch them die terrible deaths. Also, cannot skip opening cinematic, which gets REALLY old after the umpteenth restart."
76561198014601390,Not Recommended,403190,31893108,Posted: 21 May,all,Smoking Crow,"Almost a good game, just tedious and ends up being frustrating. I've played plenty of these games before, but it's just not fun. Just so lame, so not able to do your thing. It's a very linear, railroad experience. I really want to like this game, but it always ends up either just frustrating me to get a colony that can last three game days, but isn't going to require 3 more real days to rectify, this being because the game will not draw you in for more than an hour. You either close the game bored or wishing you did something else.This is a very salty sounding review, but I just think it's sorta half baked and hopefully this leads to something great."
76561197971322351,Not Recommended,403190,31286198,Posted: 21 April,all,frog,"Planetbase is an initially promising city-builder that buckles under a number of glaringly poor design choices, rendering it amateurish and stale. Planetbase misses the mark on the core features demanded of a city-builder and offers nothing to fill the void.**I purchased Planetbase expecting “Banished” in space with additional challenges presented by a more hostile environment. This review is intended for a general audience.**The game purports to be a city-builder, but the lack of control and lack of intrinsic progression leaves it ultimately unsatisfying. The game purports to be a strategy, but only how you approach the initial power grid has a feeling of significance. The game purports to be a survival, but after perhaps five or ten minutes your colony is already fully sustainable. Planetbase even fails as a sandbox, because the extremely limited building selection and nearly identical environments make every base look and play the same.Planetbase provides a unique challenge in the form of the electrical grid. You may only build renewable energy structures (solar and wind), which do not generate consistent power, and you will often find yourself struggling with brownouts in your early colony. I like this dynamic, but it is only a challenge until you learn how fast you can safely grow. Sadly, the only other challenges in the game are the bozotic AI and the stunning dearth of city statistics. You have virtually no control over your colonists, resulting in a steady stream of anguish as you watch them blithely ignore the colony’s obvious needs while gleefully exposing themselves to lethal amounts of solar radiation. Maybe they have their reasons, but the game provides so little feedback that we cannot know. Even beyond that, the paucity of analytical information is legitimately jaw-dropping: the only thing you are allowed to know is quantity of resources.The visuals are, to be blunt, poor. Zoomed in on the structures, there is a cute aesthetic going on, and the sliver of skyline visible from the moon level is nice, but it ends there. The levels are nearly identical: flat, with a smattering of boring mountains that don’t even cast shadows. The camera's viewing angle is extremely limited, so you can never get a good look at your colony. The “award” cut scenes are awkwardly long and show only a single, still snapshot of your base. And the UI—I wrote 500 words on the UI before simplifying to this—oh, the UI. It is an uninspired attempt at future minimalism that sacrifices everything a city-builder needs for no gain whatsoever. It is not functional, it is not aesthetic; it is simply bad.Overall, Planetbase is playable while novel, but leaves the impression of being in alpha. There is a lot of obvious but unfulfilled potential. The game is not just missing polish—it fails to deliver on core mechanics. It occupies a depressing space between casual and hardcore game that would leave any player wanting."
76561198147117346,Not Recommended,403190,31190912,Posted: 16 April,all,DP,"Surely this is just a ""Lets try this"" game. There isn't any real content in it. You'll remain as confused as your Colonists.My biggest problem with the game (out of a quite a few), is the Priority of constructions, mining etc. The colonists just don't care. I don't think that feature ever works as designed!I forced myself through 60+ minutes on the game with barely any interest.Great concept, poor execution."
76561198032397820,Not Recommended,403190,31292876,Posted: 22 April,all,ryanvgames,"I've played this a bit more since my initial review, and my opinion has only strengthened.This game is so broken it's a miracle I actually fully developed the first planet's base.There are many problems that will cause you to fail.  Some prevent you from even getting started, while others will destroy an existing base, sometimes quite rapidly from what seemed like a stable, sustainable position not long ago.In all cases, the problem stems from workers simply choosing to not work, for some inexplicable reason.  Sometimes your engineers will suddenly choose to not repair failing power generators, or botanists will choose to not maintain the gardens.  Either of these results in total loss of power or food quickly leading to complete failure as everyone dies of lack of oxygen, starvation, etc.Other times it's even more basic things, like workers refusing to construct anything, even if:- they will die if they don't- they are in good health- they can access the work site, and- there are sufficient resources to perform the taskFrankly, I find it a bit of a stretch to call it a strategy game when so much of your success or failure depends, seemingly, on random luck protecting you from these pitfalls.But, that's just the core game problems.  There are many additional irritations, some of which small, others more significant:- Every new level is started with an identical, relatively long and boring, and most significantly, UNSKIPPABLE ""cut scene"" of people walking out of the ship.  This is made more of an issue by the next problem- Maps appear to be semi-randomly generated.  This is good for replayability, in theory, but often causes you to start in a small area surrounded by mountains which cut you off from the other vast areas of open map that you would otherwise be able to build in.  So, you start over.  And watch the cut scene again...- No options are accessible from in-game; you must quit to the menu to change anything like graphics or sound volume.  Sound especially should be adjustable in game... why not?- The only way to pause the game seems to be with the ""quit?"" menu, meaning you cannot pan around with time stopped to gain a better idea of your surroundings- The camera controls are highly unusual.  It pivots about a point below you, as if you're on a tripod, rather than pivoting around a point mid-screen, as virtually every other game does.All in all, it feels very much like an unfinished Early Access game, which made me surprised to see it's a) not early access and b) has been ""out"" for well over a year already.  There are times when it's fun, but good luck finding them under all the issues."
76561198140057031,Recommended,403190,24307618,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,gralian_paradox,"""EDIT"".............""Four different planets"" is a LIE. I decided to start the first planet at 0.0 and had a blast. Then I moved onto the second planet and also started at 0.0.......THEY'RE THE SAME PLANETS JUST RESKINED. I get that random generation is difficult but don't say ""different planets"" when they're just different colors and make us think that the terrain is different because it's not. Feel free to check this out because I'm pretty dissapointed and now I have to start my second planet over in a different spot because I'm just playing the same planet. ALSO ""BLIZZARDS"" INSTEAD OF ""SANDSTORMS""??? ITS THE SAME IN THE GAME JUST DIFFERENT COLORS. REALLY???-Started a new base-Built it well-Needed more ore so I requested more engineers-Got to a population of 50-Realized that workers operate the mines-Had 10 biologists and little food-Tried to make more plants-ASTEROIDS KEPT KILLING EVERYONE-Ended up with one medic and worker who is in a hospital bed with severly damaged equipment-In short I realized that if someone is in a bed injured their food need DOES NOT GO DOWN-I watched as all of my equipment fell into disrepair and my oxygen machines slowly lost power and she suffocated in a bed with broken legs by herself on a foreign planet.....10/10 would try to beat the easiest planet again"
,Recommended,403190,18592945,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,qυαηтα,"Nice, but, its a little too chalanging for me. I find its fun when your on a role, with a minor obstacle here and there, but it gets to a point where the difficulty level is just not fun anymore. Its a great survival-sims-space game and i recomend it do anyone who can accept loosing a colony that took them 2 hours to make die, and start over."
76561197979095986,Not Recommended,403190,31832576,Posted: 18 May,all,Sgt. Rock,"Looks good, amusing gameplay, but irritating like Banished. If you dont mind endlessly starting over, then giver hell, but if not, this game is not for you."
76561198048752464,Recommended,403190,18595352,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Grament,Good game overall. Needs little polishing and more planets but other than that fun game.
76561198007985885,Not Recommended,403190,18503416,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,jonfranco2112,"This game is not very good.  Its lack of depth, is it major failing."
76561198073268614,Recommended,403190,19447612,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Limp bizkit,"A fantastic base builder in space. you have to think carefully about what to build and where and when you want to build more. to many buildings and power is a problem. to many citizens and you run out of food fast. don't have 2-3 at least of every kind of citizen per 50 inhabitents and you will just start going down hill. 10 hours in and i have lost a lot of games because of this but because the artstyle is just beautiful, great base building and very intuative controls makes it a joy to play. one thing that is a problem is power. you have 2 ways of getting power. wind or sun. and sun is good and produce the same at all points of the day. but when it's night they become paper weights. that is where wind comes in. they only produce a certain amount depending on the winds. the winds i feel goes down in amount the longer into the game you get so you have to build a lot of energy storage. i have lost like 5 games to just loosing power for almost no time. but then i was unable to keep my plants alive so food was behind until i lost.But the game is just amazing to play. if you like base building. buy this. if you like space aswell you are in for a hell of a treat. 9/10"
,Recommended,403190,19414826,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Thot Eviscerator,"Okay, once I saw a gameplay video of this game, I immediately wanted it, upon 10 seconds of gameplay. I bought it. I do not regret it one bit. I love this game. It's my new craze right now. Obviously not the greatest game ever, but great nonetheless. In future I hope to see; more construction options, such as a vehicle factory for little rovers or something. Bigger and wider terrain so there is more reason to build vehicles and more places to build. A feature that lets you manually move resources, it can be frustraiting to not be able to move something you need moved. More types of humans that can come to your colony. The ability to make a seperate colony (which I see a lot). More planets, like an forest planet, a planet that is covered in water, things like that. The ability to name your planet (Because why not). Button customisation would be nice. Be able to be visited by aliens, friendly or not, aliens are kind of a must to me. And finally, somewhere down the line, mods and multiplayer, these would make the game immensely popular and it would live for a long while.Great game, and I will be playing so much more of it!"
,Recommended,403190,19437758,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,n.,"I liked the premise of the game, so I wanted to see how it played. There are three types of planets you can settle on, each one being more challenging than the last. Getting the base started is the most difficult part of each challenge, and can take some efficient planning and good fortune to pull off. Once you establish your base it is just a matter of maintaining it until you achieve your goals.There isn’t as much micromanagement available as I would have liked, you can’t control your people to perform specific tasks, nor is there any way to prioritise which type of resource to focus on production. The only way to get that is to power up/down the facilities which can sometimes have a knock-on effect to any modules linked through it.The game is good for relaxing with as it is just about building and nothing that would stress you out.Some more variety would improve this game. Different module, multi-story bases, teleportation modules, truly-epic sized based, etc.On a scale out of 10:Graphics: 6Gameplay: 7"
,Recommended,403190,19598334,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,Wif,"It's like Banished in space!THE GOOD:  Reasonably simple to get into, satisfaction in growing the colony, good sim, nice features.THE BAD:  Gets boring after you stabilise, AI needs work (can cause mass death), annoying to grow past 250 population, run out of space due to mountains.Good fun, but gets old.  Old may be confused with difficult, but there's not a lot you can do to combat that later on."
76561198181274521,Recommended,403190,21696377,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,TonyStark,"I spend a lot of time building a base with all kinds of stuff:maga wind turbine,solar panel,maga storge,maga bio-dome,however when i play it recently my people just starting to starve to death,I dont understand why,i have many canteens and more thatn 200 food storge,I dont even see them go get food,I think it is a bug,please fix that,this is way too stupid.For other part of the game i will recommand this game with great graphics,nice simulation and building system,a very good game."
76561198184142034,Recommended,403190,21780258,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Mr.Waffles188,Over all i find Plantbase the best colony sim i have seen thus far. Tho i find it lacking 1 thing and that is inprovement by which i mean the steam work shop. I can understand why modders havent accses to the game but none the less if they the moding community did the produt my be more than just fixing a the text for people all over the world. The posibilitys are endless. 9/10 game / hoping for more
,Recommended,403190,21249243,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Spudgetical,"A nice little game, very similar to banished - but in space of course. The objective is to build and survive, which is not easily done,  It takes some strategic thinking and planning, with a decent learning curve, at least at first.It is a fun game and I would recommend it to any city builder or banished fan. But it falls short for a few reasons;Once you survive, build your base up and make it sustainable, the only thing left is to expand. While this can be fun for a while, theres no real threat to your existance, outside of bad planning or expanding too fast. It doesnt seem like you can run out of resources, nor have any outbreaks or virus's etc that might take a toll on your colony. The threats that do exist are manageable.Buildings are almost all unlocked within the first 10mins of the game, theres no real research to be done and so there's nothing really to strive for. Sure you have to combine resources to build new things, and things you need - but thats a just a waiting game - which brings me to the last point;Its a waiting game a lot of the time. AI can be a bit stupid and doesnt always do the right task in the right order. ie if your low on food, and theres plenty of things to make up a meal, then go and harvest the food and make them! .. they dont always. So because of this, and the amount of time it takes to make some of the ingredients to build an object, you can be sitting watching your colony work away for long periods of time, and not be building a whole lot. Or having stacks of buildings under construction and waiting for construction materials to be made (but the AI is too busy doing something else).Overall though - its a fun game. I only paid $20 for it, and it kept me entertained for a decent amount of time. I'd replay it casually here and there, but once its mastered, its not a game I'd play religiously. And an experienced builder will master this one in a few hours."
76561198069306880,Recommended,403190,21260802,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Ungentle Shrubbery,"Very difficult, immensely satisfying once mastered. Got to a base of around 70 people, but watched the whole colony collapse in front of me in about 5 minutes. Writing this review, I can't wait to try again"
76561197997036593,Recommended,403190,21276782,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,de_fire,"This is a great game, if you like building sims. The downside is the difficulty rating, when you get late game. You start out on another planet and the environment changes doesn't have any notable impact. The only thing making the game harder when starting on other planets is you start out with fewer colonists, which isn't making any sense, comparing to the game goal of colonising other planets.Overall i would recommend this game, because its a fun game, even though it lacks of replayability."
76561198045668753,Recommended,403190,21290676,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,MEXICAN BANDITO,good to yourtube the game 1st see the contorls much better playing it now fun :)
76561198054458642,Recommended,403190,21290746,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,yoboomer,"It takes some getting used to. Building quickly can easily exhuast your resources. This is a fun but challenging game that requires patience and some planning ahead. Fun and entertaining, just don't feel disheartened if you have to restart a base a few dozen times!"
76561198072946496,Recommended,403190,21309149,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Johnny Pistols,"It's a game with much things to add, wish it had more structures, new technologies to develope, bigger planets, reset mode, mountain destruction, different kinds of units and robots. There's many things to add, if it has is this would be the perfect game"
76561198219272927,Recommended,403190,21336061,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,minecraft25dragon,every body should have this game
76561198268967967,Recommended,403190,21337909,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,traines1994,"This is a great game and i really enjoy playing it, i espesially enjoy how much control u have over everything but i feel it needs a bit more, for example ive got workers who go from on side of the base all the way to the other just to drink water and walk through sevral points where they could drink water from and i think it could be improved by desegnating areas for youe colenists like in a certain area a set amount of collenests use its facilitys so they don't go to the other side , but apart from that the game is good and i recomend itthings i would adda shower dome so the colenests could shower and get cleanan aquarium dome to help the colenests relaximprovements to the mulitdome cos the wheel and exersize bar is not enougha swimming pool domea gardining bot (but not as effective as biologists)a tech patant that lets you open the storage roof to help fight intrudersa tech patent to allow door controla system that allows you to choose what traders you wanta comunication dome so colenests can comunicate with familysmore veriaty of vegitablesmore treesgood game 10/10"
,Recommended,403190,21386395,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,NT Chris,"The game is addicting, but you can hit a limit in the game after a while of playing."
76561197971986040,Recommended,403190,21398724,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,kman9876,Overall I really like the game. My one suggestion would be that the ability to trade in money increments greater than 1 be added. Having to click 100s of times to trade money for another item is really annoying. Other than that I like the game and think it is fun to play.
76561198095858527,Recommended,403190,21412631,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,bradboy7,"love this game, awsome makanics done right."
76561198035704749,Recommended,403190,21437082,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,BlackClaw,"Although this game doesn't feel totally complete, it's still well worth the $20.The developer is constantly listening to feedback and watching the discussion forums and responding quite a lot of the posts which is nice. He's also updating the game quite frequently, adding new content, fixing bugs, etc.PROSMain menu looks very polished and completeBeautiful graphicsEasy to pick upBase building is fun and rewards you for careful thought out plansBuilding placement really does matterChallenges around every corner (power management, resource management, 02 management, needs management, malnutrition)Frequent updatesThe Mac Port is very goodGood controlsUnlimited resourcesCONSNot able to skip the landing cutscene at the start of every gameVery challenging at the start when you're newNot able to make secondary bases that are not connected to your first base. All new buildings MUST be connected to another building right now.The way you acquire new tech isn't that good. Right now, you have to buy new technology from traders. I feel that engineers should be able to research a random new tech at a certain station.The trading system needs some work I feel.Final ThoughtsOne of my favorite games to date quite honestly. This is how you do base building and how you do it right. Although I don't have that many hours in this game, I can see myself putting quite a few in the near future especially once some more content gets put into the game!Overall:9.2/10.Thanks for reading my review!"
,Recommended,403190,21439415,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,slade,"By far, one of my favorite games. Planetbase demonstrates the delicate balance of an artificial ecosystem, and emphasizes the importance of planning ahead by hoarding resources long before you need them. Graphics are excellent, UI is intuitive, the gameplay is fun and I have gladly wasted hours trying to ""crack the code"", as it were. Well worth your greenbacks."
76561198115302552,Recommended,403190,20991589,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,LightSaber,"Addictive game, probably because I got indulged in solving the crisis … medical crisis … food crisis … lack of power crisis etc.Pretty nice game, but frankly speaking, there is not much to play in this game. During the beginning, you have to plan carefully and any reckless move could caused you destruction (which I think probably is the biggest fun). But once you have gone through the very first stages of your colony, there isnt too much content to play around, and it is not that easy to die, and as you play … you dont feel the sense of achievement.BTW, the perspective system is really s****y, when you rotate your view, you literaly rotate from where you are, not on the object you've focused on. This system is not nice at all. Other than this it's fine."
,Recommended,403190,20697863,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Red☆Head™,Big big game with a little bug fixes i woud give 10/10 !
,Recommended,403190,21503190,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Paraso,This game is essentially made for me. This game's relation to Universe sandbox is the same relation as the Sim's relation to simcity. I reccomend it for people who like space. :D
76561198023183872,Recommended,403190,21140643,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,cott88,"Great game, developers seem to be dedicated to updating and improving."
76561197970406515,Recommended,403190,21147740,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Etherdeath,"Fantastic game. Solidly built, minimal bugs, and clear execution. While the game leaves you wanting more complexity and more to do, it's very fun, and maybe I'm getting old but I prefer a game with a modest feature set but executes them extraordinarily well to one that purports to deliver the moon but is full of bugs and when you take a closer look at those features, they're mostly half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥(I'm absolutely thinking of Fallout 4 here).I'm not sure what sub-genre this game is, but if you like games where you build stuff, and scores of minions go running around getting the details worked out (think Evil Genius), this game is one of the best out there.I played 25 hours playing only the default game mode (probably 5-10 hours I had the game on pause, bad habit). There are other game modes, but it seemed the added challenge was just that the planet had a harsher environment; randomly occurring bad events happen more. I find challenges based on ""increasing the random rates at which bat things happen"" to be pretty empty. But that said, the 25 hours of game play were solid. I spent a few more hours (5-8) than I really needed to, to experience everything this game has to offer, to see if the game had more to offer.Oh, and to top it off, the team is still updating the game and implementing new features. When game developers love their work, it really shows. Thanks for making such a great game.If this team made Evil Genius 2, I'd probably wet myself."
76561198213910619,Recommended,403190,21161680,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,GrandImperialLordPoobah,fun just wish there was a sandbox mode to screw around with
76561198028202604,Recommended,403190,21847178,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Rainman,"I recommended this game on the proviso that:a.  You love city builder / strategy games;b.  You are the sort of person who tries to get all achievements;c.  You have OCD; and/ord.  You have a reasonable disposable income.I fall into these four categories, so I'm enjoying it.The reason for the above qualification is that the game does become a little stale, so if you are not bothered about completing all achievements, you will probably get bored around the 10 hour mark.Game play, graphics, UI and overall feel are on point.  If there was more to do (as in more scenarios or more buildings etc.) I would be looking at an all time fav.  The AI is a bit off sometimes, but I've not got too p1ssed off with the colonists too often.I would summarise the game in the following way:1. Early Game (Less than 20 people = For me this is the first 1hr of each planet).Really enjoyable. Its a little challenge and often a rush to get it down right. I tend to resrat a few times to get it right.2. Mid Game (20-100 people = For me this about 5 more hrs).This is the best bit for me. Once you are relatively safe from fear of base collapse due to something you've missed, you can start planning the base.3. End/Late Game (100-300 people = This can be anything depending on how much you  care how the base looks).This is where I tend to get bored. I feel the number of buildings needs to be expanded. From here it just gets a bit repetitive placing the same few buildings over and over to get the last objective.Overall I would give it a 6/10, rising to 8/10 if you are big fan of this type of game."
,Recommended,403190,21014547,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Lesbian Deathsquad,"The gameplay concepts themselves seem to be at odds with one another, as does the current AI for most of the citizenry & drones. This is more or less apparant from the first time you issue them to build things and while it is fun, I can't recommend it to someone who wants to lose zillions of hours on a city builder. For that, we already seem to have Cities: Skylines.If you can get past the issues of the game design clashing slightly and the limited amount of variation that you actually have on building colonies it's quite a nice game, although if you're looking for a citizen management simulation this is also not the game for you."
76561198035698061,Recommended,403190,28230191,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,JFarthing,"Really can't be summed up any better than Banished In Space.One of the most immersive games I've played in a long time. Something that this game is under-appreciated for is the depth vs. complexity level. I obsess over wikis and spreadsheets for most builder games, and it's just totally unnecessary in Planetbase. The challenge is understanding the system and planning, not finding optimal X for situation Y."
,Recommended,403190,28324355,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Papau,Very cool indeed I do recommend this.To pass the time .It is cool looking and fun.
76561198074380958,Recommended,403190,28323863,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Alivo,"very very very very nice, storm planet (moon) is awesome"
,Recommended,403190,29078858,Posted: 6 January,all,{RW} Statik`,"Pretty engaging. I got it on sale for $12 - definitely worth that, and I don't think I would have been disappointed if I paid the full $20 either.It does seem to lack a little bit of depth compared to what you might be expecting, but it leaves an approchable learning curve and a nice casual, but engaging experience.Has a ton of replay value. Like most colony/city building games, there's countless possible strategies to explore.What really sold me on it, though (besides the sale), is reading through the negative reviews and seeing the devs actually take it heart and address the issues in a professional manner. Bugs have been fixed and the game so far in my experience, is pretty solid and well balanced now. Have not run into any issues I can think of!"
76561197980250763,Recommended,403190,29234671,Posted: 13 January,all,RobbyH,"I have put in about 100hrs on planetbase over the year or so it has been out, and I love it. It's a challenging game and your colonoists won't act intelligently unless you manage them intelligently (i.e. they have to be in good shape and they have to have decent flow control in the way you build your base). You should definitely be ready to start over; it plays like an arcade game until you get to 50 or 60 colonists, and then it feels a bit more permanent. Don't expect any story, but you can look forward to many hours of content and thinking hard about how to build your base quickly and carefully. I often look at the developer's page on steam and wish they would put something else out."
76561198001118849,Recommended,403190,24374222,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Onosy,A realy fun Basebuilding game☺
,Recommended,403190,19499479,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,MyrKnof,"Good entertainement for many hours, given you like sims with no real goal to them, besides building as big as possible. Theres difficulty enough, thats for sure, so as long as you can get to the new planets, you will not find yourself thinking ""man, I wish this was harder"" for a very long time.The game also has a lot to do with chance, so a meteor might strike the sleeping quarters where all your biologists sleep or it might not! Kinda fustrating at times, can only say, save often!Pros:Long play timeWell madeNo game breaking bugs (from what I have experienced)Loads of RNG (if you like that)Cons:Loads of RNGNo direct controll over the simsAI priorities can seem wierd (carrying metal to other places when you need spare parts) = extreme micromanagement needed"
76561198217869840,Recommended,403190,19429059,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Garshkovlank,I would think that this is a wonderful game so far. I like the mechanism. What happen if your power goes out you are prone to your colonists dying. Can be very challenging and frustrating but gives you a good experience. I also would like to suppress my criticism. AI can be dumb some times. If you need food then why build a video screen first rather than the meal maker? I had very little amount of criticism. Although I also have. The need to suggest some new feathres. Where do colonists release waste like feces? Add restrooms and also what if that waste can be recycled? That's all I have to say. But don't get me wrong this is a very very good game
76561197990425399,Recommended,403190,20619847,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,cooljo157,"Great game.. Found one bug.. when you start running out of food, the biologists are the first ones to die because they are the last to go get food. So you end up not having enough biologists to grow food and everybody dies!"
76561198106830909,Recommended,403190,23512213,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Rho,"A carrier bot got KO outside right before a solar flare and my only engineer who tried to repair it sunburned to death.10/10 would sunbath on the moon again.PS: Also, devs and mod authors are really nice and cooperative. If you have questions or find bugs, they will solve your problem really quick."
76561198026646197,Recommended,403190,23731904,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Reno_Koa,"I thought this game was like other Strategy games I have enjoyed, where you have all the resources available and the goal is to win, profit, conquer. Well the first goal in PlanetBase, is to survive solar day one on some desolate planet with seven astronauts, two robots, with limited supplies you have (including your spacecraft). I did the tutorial and even after doing so, my first couple attempts resulted with my entire crew dying a horrible death of asphyxiation, or of dehydration because I failed to setup space camp properly.After surviving the night, a good length of the game is staying alive and at the same time expanding the base in order to become self-sustaining. It is good to develop a format on how you go about building your base. Because as I learned when you have a thriving base going full tilt producing all kinds of goods, making upgrades is not easy in this game. You have to reroute your corridors, then delete the module you want to upgrade. Then just pray there is enough allowable space in order for the bigger upgrade to make good connections, that is one of the crux of the game that makes it challenging yet frustrating.During game play I have found few faults that could be bugs. For example after saving a game where everything was thriving and the grid was stable, when I load it up again all my food storages is low and power cells units are empty. Ai characters in the game can exhibit odd behavior where none of the colonist want to do their jobs, especially when all the robots have broken down, I would figure survival mode would kick in. The last one I experienced was having a huge supply of food available but all the colonist refuse to eat, and a mass starvation followed. Then I discovered the one aspect of the game that can effect the behavior of the colonist is the type of crops you grow for food. Why is it the starchy vegetables that are used in making bioplastics, cannot be used in making meals? Especially when the supply of other vegetables are running low.Overall I find this game enjoyable and with a high replay value. I like the new challenges that have become available to subscribe. I hope to see this game enjoy further success."
,Recommended,403190,23428358,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,paktusjet,"This game brings me back to a game that was made by Sierra called Outpost. This game is very similar to that one with the exception of some game mechanics and the one Sierra produced had a lot more content. But, I'm not reviewing that game am I :). I will say I enjoyed playing this game. At times I was lost trying to figure out simple things, but it's about trial and error. People on your base will die.. The buttons are simple, the layout is simple. I do wish there were a few changes:* Quick toggle display for the Security alarms.* A way to level terrain so you can build on it.* Some sort of elevator system so you can utilize the ground underneath your base (maybe to hide from solar flares).They are small changes, but I think it would add more design to the game. People invent space travel, but they cant demonish a boulder with robots.. Seems a bit far fetched to be. But Keep it up Devs!Video Quality: 8/10Audio Quality: 8/10"
76561198038472200,Recommended,403190,23371322,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,mdurham88,"Hey mom, I'm Elon Musk!"
,Not Recommended,403190,20639783,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Armnorn,"Okay first off: the premise of the game is great and most mechanics work great. But there is one thing this game sucks a lot at: the AI. The people living in the base are so god damn stupid and don't do anything.Examples:""Oh hey our food supply is low. Should we go care for the garden more that is basically full of rotten plants that didn't get enough care? Nah I am going to stare at this wall for half a day then eat something and go to bed.""""Oh hey half our solar arrays are broken. We have enough spare parts to repair them.... Nah not in the mood. Maybe next week. Hmm... the lights are flickering and is the air getting thin? Meh doesn't matter. This wall is way more interesting.""If they manage to fix this AI then this can be a great game. But the way it is now it is just not enjoyable. It doesn't matter if you plan for everything. You can't plan for how stupid this AI is.It could be such a nice game. And I would love to recommend this to friends. But with the AI like this it's just not fun at all. You spend two or three hours building a base and suddenly everything down the drain in less than 10 minutes because the AI suddenly starts to behave like lazy jackasses."
,Recommended,403190,22584624,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Arachibutyrophobia,"Game is split in 2 sectors, 1st sector is inside the base and 2nd is outside. Your people have Alzheimer light because of the 2 sectors: they make a long walk to an airlock, pass through it and Alzheimer kicks in. They decide to return to inside the base and do something there, a long walk is no problem of course... really stupid.For the rest: it's a nice game to spend some time, not too difficult because it's just good planning in the beginning and when the resources come in it's sit back and do whatever you want...Would buy again!"
76561198094880428,Recommended,403190,29283896,Posted: 15 January,all,sulvak239,Boring after a while.
76561198012872771,Not Recommended,403190,29285286,Posted: 15 January,all,RobertJB001,"Great game IF....You could slap your colonists (AKA dungeon Keeper). For example Engineer (rested, fed, entertained, etc etc) fails to walk to  the Oxygen unit that has broken, Air runs out everyone dies. Nothing you can do....OK so slapping colonists is a bit of a stretch but by the end of the 3rd time it or something similar happends you give up.But maybe an Alert system so everyone stops what there doing to find broken stuff and fix it? ok colonists get upset so they spend a bit more time entertaining themselves for a few days.Or Security Colonist to TAKE the Engineer to the broken equipment and force them to fix it.Or maybe the other colonists explain to the engineer ""Hi, Fix the Air processing unit or we put you outside an Airlock without a space suit, and we'll se who dies first"".Just anything to get the A.I. to work...I would recomend this game as a casual player but in it's current state..."
76561198205738251,Recommended,403190,30887539,Posted: 1 April,all,GrayIsTheBest,"This game is cool! At the start it might be hard, but later on it is just plain fun, and it is way to fun for me... (JK Nothing is too fun for me!) However this game could be better, as mabey if a meteor hit near a building it somewhat damages it not having to hit it right on it, and mabey you could prioritize some things more than others, Bottom line is Fun game, Great strategy involved and yeah Get This Game!"
76561198001846339,Recommended,403190,22117556,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,=CBBF=CanadianBrit,"Got off to a rocky start (no moon pun intended); downloaded a strategy guide to basic base setup; and now I'm getting the grips of the basics.Managed to attract new colonists; but early resource mismanagement has led to a shortage of metal and plastic. However more colonists does mean more technicians, workers and engineers so I'm ok now.So far though, great game. enjoying it."
,Recommended,403190,20609921,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Peah,Spent hours on this game got so much love for it.
76561197970748447,Recommended,403190,32948508,Posted: 28 June,all,Xavir,"Great game, just which I had more.  for example..More control over the priority of building, and where resources go.  Also adding larger areas to build on,  more building types and add turrets for intruders at airlocks.."
76561198062631919,Not Recommended,403190,21865125,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,无他！头硬,"The only problem is the Remarkable AI, smart as a ape and still have a doctor degree. Can't choose from eat or delievery goods to the inventory, or can't deny themself and choose to fix the wind first, than the larger solar pannel and RIP with no food and o2"
76561198042461175,Recommended,403190,23756956,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Requiem for a Meme,"Very challenging at first, but once you get the hang of the basics, your colony will quickly become more manageable. Good mechanics, pleasant graphics, and a great soundtrack are brought down only by a few problems: pathing and AI that isn't always quite up to par (important because you cannot directly control the settlers), a couple of more obscure game mechanics, and a lack of content at the endgame.I easily put 15 hours into this on the first planet, figuring out how to play. I never got but a few hours into the second planet (there are four, of increasing difficulty), and I haven't touched the last two. I didn't feel very compelled to work my way up to colonizing them, as the mechanics  don't change much between planets.Overall, this is a very relaxing (unless things go horribly wrong!) game that is nice to play when you don't want something that demands a lot of your attention. I'd recommend it, but only at the $10 mark."
,Recommended,403190,20755058,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,Diesel,"Great Game but the AI, FML!! got a mahoosive base and they decide that the small canteen that is on the OTHER side of the base miles away is better....for no reason!"
,Recommended,403190,21877889,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Lala Cabral,Looooove this game! It's super fun! Was super excited when they realesed a new planet!
76561198221699584,Recommended,403190,21818469,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,chayce.hughes,My current favourite gameAwesome and challenging
,Recommended,403190,23914086,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,eznx89,"This game offers a great challenge.  My favorite part: I can relax while I play this game.  Playing other games are so consuming that relaxing is difficult.  This is one of my favorite games now, and I even own it fromGOG.comfor the DRM-free type out there!"
,Recommended,403190,24046388,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,bo77om,"challenging, smart, brilliant, and it is sucking you in like a vortex.9 outta 10"
76561198067614659,Recommended,403190,22107666,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,aquaricorn,"A very well crafted game, not particularly deep but it presents you with solid management and growth challenges. It could be improved by additional content that delved deeper into some of that, either through the developer's initiative regarding AI and UI data or through modding. There is room to grow, such as complex AI/colonists and new buildings to cater to more complex AI/colonists, but it's in a good place now and even if nothing new came about it's good enough to give the player some hours of enjoyment every now and then!"
76561198030526654,Recommended,403190,28699823,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,mobius128,"Overall, it has been a fun and frustrating game.Things I liked:Easy to build upLearning curve is not too high and not overly complicatedThe visualsAt the time of this review I have put 7 hours in, did not even notice it.There is enough content to keep you occupied, and some times you are able to let the game run itself when you need to wander off.Things I did not like:The AI felt the most frustrating. You cannot micromanage people, so when you critically need people to do things like manage the crops so the colony doesn't die of starvation, you cannot just put people where you want them.Even more frustating, you place priorties on rooms that have specific tasks, such the Hydroponics room. Say if you have 3 Hydroponic rooms and your colony is facing starvation, you can place priorty on all three, even if you have enough people to manage all three, they will only manage one room at a time, allowing the colony starve to death. In my experince, if you do not put any proity on, the workers simply won't do the job.So for the price I paid, it is a fun and addictive game. I would recommend it to anyone who likes to city build and is looking for something interensting to play."
,Recommended,403190,29393231,Posted: 21 January,all,tinyman1199,This is a great gme that I love to play. I've not got past 100 people living on my planet but game is still fun.
76561198058257188,Recommended,403190,29827400,Posted: 10 February,all,holyjr,"With 100 plus hours in this game I can easily say that it was worth the money. Challenging, fun, and simple concept allows for a relaxing game that can offer hours of fun. Community mods add some change of pace if the standard game becomes dry for you as well."
,Recommended,403190,28363891,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,SlamifiedBuddafied,"Planetbase, in short, is a base building simulator where you find yourself on a planet that's either a mild hellscape or a complete hellscape. If you don't work fast enough as the invisible omnipotent overseer placing about buildings and hallways, you'll quickly begin seeing your meager handful of workers suffocating on their own farts in their colored space suits. If you can manage to provide oxygen in an enclosed building, then it becomes a race to start growing food, providing water and a place to sleep before you begin seeing your denizens dwelling the hallways, sleeping on the floors and having little unhappy status icons hovering over their little heads, which I'm sure scares them more than their possible demise.It's a fun game, but after awhile it becomes a bit of a mess. There is no real ""late game"" strategy and the AI of your populace has pathfinding down, but can't seem to figure out how to vary their diet before suffering from malnutrition or locate a bed close to them without having to walk half a mile across the base, passing plenty of soft comfy places to sleep in the dorm pods you've so gracefully provided after watching your workers break their backs, mining ore from hills and placing it in the magical converting machine for building materials. This game does well in terms of a modest base building God game, but lacks a smart AI and no real late game mechanics to deal with overwhelmingly large populations packed into the tight hallways, surrounded by glass inches away from a vaccum ready of cosmic meteorites, lighting storms or sudden bouts of radiation washing over the planet.I will say, mods to make up in some cases for the lack of mid-late game content for larger bases.Pros:-Simple and easy to navigate UI-Provides a modest challenge with difficulties disguised as various planets with varying levels of starting materials-Good simple graphics that aren't taxing for late game scenarios-Rewarding base building-Inuuitive, easy to learn but hard to master-Mods are supported-Hazardous environments provide interesting challengesCons:-The AI is terrible mid and late game-No real plans for dealing with large (300+) populations-Game needs more base content-Saving game system needs to be for seperate files entirely and not erased when starting a new game-Better base defence/combat against intruders, better lockdown security measures-New games, based on generated maps, sometimes place your starting spot in an area which blocks you from the rest of the mapOn the whole, it's a fun base building game that's more or less worth it's price. But I'm sure you could find a better base building game. Though it is a fairly laid back game once you've the foundation of your base in place and simply requires a lot of patience. So is it worth the $20(USD)? Yes. Can you find a better base building game? Yes."
76561198030687269,Recommended,403190,29148762,Posted: 9 January,all,Xarokk,It is a very addictive game and totally worth it
76561198005971314,Recommended,403190,29268234,Posted: 15 January,all,Kaos,Bought this game on a whim - and I love it. Reminds me of an old pic game called space colony. Just great to spend an hour on . I will definitely return to this game regularly. Has depth the more you play and understand the required logistics. I bought this when on offer and I would recommend for your library. Good fun - buy it.
,Recommended,403190,29663605,Posted: 2 February,all,BHjr132,"This game is really addicting at first, although after playing for a while you can notice some shortfalls. The colonist AI can sometimes be slow to act. The beginning can be slow and losing colonists at the start can kill you later, your first few games may not end well.Overall, given the price, the features and addictiveness I do recommend this game!"
,Recommended,403190,29638007,Posted: 1 February,all,lindsaynpatterson,"This game is really cool! By making your own food, base, and more! You can choose what planet, even where! This game let's your mind go into a world of space. (For space fans)"
,Recommended,403190,25433542,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,[NOD]Kane,Very good game would recommed it.
76561198042992527,Recommended,403190,19572851,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,嫌な奴,"The game itself is alright, if sometimes a little but light on content.Its fun, and having owned it for 2 days, I've already played about 13 hours.Slight complaint is that my 3rd attempt at a base got me over half the achievements, and almost all the ones i could unlock on the planet I was playing on.The A.I can be exceedingly stupid, like Civvies not running from intruders when the alarm is on, lone guards will attempt to angage like 6 intruders at once, and i once had all my biologists just drop everything they were doing and leave their crops to die just to help the workers carry resources. (That, and i swear the biologists die of hunger faster than anyone else.)But for a 20 dollar game, its pretty good, and it looks like the devs are still patching bugs and sometimes adding content.  But i would like more settings. outside very simple graphics options, you don't have anything. no gameplay settings, no difficulty modes (outside of the planets, of course), etc, etc.I was looking for a game like this for a while, considered the New Anno release and some other stuff, until i found out that this was kinda like Anno, only not garbage."
,Recommended,403190,25031679,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,ResidentBilly,"Once you follow the basic principles of a supply chain to self sustain your colony, you can then proceed to build huge af modules for your base. Until then, just calm your farm and think responsibly."
76561198160401448,Recommended,403190,25733338,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,ekalb2002,"This game is great if you like a challenge, but the game has a few issues. Your colonists, the AI, are idiots and materials are way too hard to create and to slow to produce. There should be, one: more materials in colony ship, two: make connections free to build, three, follow prioritized buildings and make the game overall slightly easier. It is extremely hard to play on the easiest level, and colonists are very needy. Also make robots more self-sufficent and smarter."
,Recommended,403190,25513227,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,fusroh dan,"Sunk alot of time into this game. Very very good game.  Very hard at first, and you will lose your first few colonies.  Once you get used to the way the game works, it gets a lot better.  Also quite challenging juggling resources with a large colony.  Deffinately wortht the price.  Great game"
,Recommended,403190,25825014,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,StunnaBOMB,This game is very good but If you could add a menu where you could tell the colonists what time they need to do things that would be great. It would especially help if there was an option for free time witch would improve happiness.
76561198101546290,Recommended,403190,34468438,Posted: 24 August,all,dodead,"Amazing management game. Spent quite some time.Gives challanging begining, but later after some point you survive and trive, which becomes boring after while.But since additional challanges was added it became fun again, Also they appearing in workshop.After a while of playing game, starts to lack item variety, specially decorations.It is really fun and sometimes can be hard on you if you miss a thing or two."
76561198093755637,Recommended,403190,34576504,Posted: 29 August,all,SSJ2 Gundalf,"I don't think I need to say too much about this game. It's fairly straightforward, you will become basically a supreme commander of an alien base - well, alien by means of travelling to another planet or moon, the inhabitants are still humanz ;-)There are 4 different planets/moons to start with and all of them are well designed with their own unique problems (like meteor showers, blizzards, solar flares or lightning storms) which will provide you with a good challenge.On top of that you have a tight resource management - you can't just go fast with this game. You have to think 3 steps ahead and plan accordingly or you just won't make it trough. You can't produce enough meal because you invited too many new humanz? You're done. You don't have enough power plants for that new buildings grid? You're done. You don't have enough water for those new oxygen and plant domes? You're done. Basically, when you discover a critical issue in your base, it's almost certainly too late to fix it.I definetelly recommend this game. I can give it an honest 8/10 and I would like to give more, but for that there should be more assets. In my opinion the game could use more building/resource types, or perhaps a nuclear power plant or something like that. But no research tree. Tha won't suit this game in my opinion.Still a solid 8/10 or 80%. If you're into resource management, go for this one today!"
76561198073469360,Recommended,403190,34451094,Posted: 23 August,all,Bobaninja,"This is a pretty chill game. If you love base building for no reason other than for satisfaction to watch it grow, then this is the game for you. I wouldn't say its worth $20 tho. Wait for sale to get moneys worth :/"
,Recommended,403190,34535017,Posted: 27 August,all,D15251,"Very enjoyable but also frustrating. The experience of building a base is challenging and rewarding! I hesitate to recommend this game because of the ocassional AI bugs I've encountered. Save often, and hopefully you can load a previous save if something goes wrong with the AI."
76561197990268315,Recommended,403190,34392217,Posted: 21 August,all,Stryder24[ZOMS],"My son and I had a lot of fun with this.   Both became bored, but 73 hrs of entertaiment isn't bad"
,Recommended,403190,34465426,Posted: 24 August,all,neoxaero,"Overall it is a good game. My main issue with it is that once you've established a colony and reach a ~50 population the game pretty much easy mode. Just control your growth, ensure you have food/water/energy and you're golden. Generally once you're past the first 15 minutes or so of a campain you've pretty much beaten it."
76561198068202991,Recommended,403190,34530138,Posted: 27 August,all,MikeDavison700,"Visually very nice, very satisfying to build up your base, lots here! But needs a bit more depth and progression to play long term, once you've built all the structures, thats it really."
76561197992907928,Recommended,403190,34724507,Posted: 3 September,all,Xivilyn,Loving it so far
,Recommended,403190,28644181,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Daniel.Drache,Fun game
76561198107799909,Recommended,403190,28816739,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,samcooley500,"This game is actually pretty hard in my opinion. At the start i always end up building too many buildings for my guys to focus on and they end up not getting anything done. It is still very fun and challenging while being simple in concept. In fact, recently a few (by that i mean like 7) died from starvation from not having enough meal makers even though i had a ton of vegetables and biomeat. This game is still amazing and i will keep playing it until i eventually beat it."
,Recommended,403190,28332169,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,dodgy,Definitely a challenge to balance people and resources to complete the game.I really like it but theres just that little something missing to take it to something that will make it a great space base building game.Really looking forward to the next thing they release (if ever).
76561198001128300,Recommended,403190,28714060,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Fabiafidus(GTS),"I abselutely love this game but i also remember i loved it abit more in the beginning where i played it hours for hours, but quickly i began miss something more to add to the station.but despite this, i love the idea and what they are doing with this game!What i feel missing is some more assets and more things to add to your colony, but when you reached a certain point where things become abit stabil, you begin building the same things: more beds, more biodomes, more beds, more biodomes, more mines.I miss things on a simcity or cities skylines feel, some high endgoals that really makes your city into a big sprawling lunar empire.Perhaps make some elements that can be an endgame challenge like terraforming, like research to improve on your facility more than the people on earth have done for you and send via trade vessels.After playing alot of time in this game, i acturally wish i would be able to make some roadsystem, shuttle system or a level system with a  taller colony rather than a wide colony.But, with these salesnumbers and very applauding gameplay, im sure the team have more ideas up their sleeve so i will assume things get added quickly to keep the trendwagon going :)"
76561198086036002,Recommended,403190,28782270,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Thorvox,"Great game, and I just started on the first planet. Not the easiest of starts, had to recolonize 3 times to finally get it stable and right, but that's whats great about this game, even on the 3rd time i was down to one medic, and managed to bring it around. They all but one started lol, 20 of them.The game AI needs work, but this has always been an issue in many games, hope it will get updated over time.This year i purchased many games ranging from 50$ to $10, and truthfully I only got hooked on Fallout 4 and now this one after trying over a dozen other games, so yeah this is an addicting game that you will spend hours playing :)Will add more as I play it.PROS:- Worth the few bucks you spend on it, goes on sale often so get it then.- For a game this small in size, its graphically well created.CONS:The AI needs some work"
76561198005337074,Recommended,403190,29379606,Posted: 20 January,all,Fiden,Вполне хороша. Побольше бы разнообразия. Но все органично и цепляет. Проиграл дня 3. Это для меня очень хороший показатель.
76561197993432994,Recommended,403190,29392246,Posted: 20 January,all,GoldSabre,"How To Turn A Profit In Twelve Days:A tale of tomato beer, liquidation, malnourishment, and tourismWhen my father heard that a colony can run on tomatoes and ham sandwiches, he was ready to relocate to Mars.It's like Banished, but in space and slightly less complicated."
,Recommended,403190,29706482,Posted: 4 February,all,Katana Seiko,"If you played Settlers and other titles where you get to manage stuff, this will interest you. You have to manage a load of people REALLY well for a long period of time. It is challenging and you can fail quite early, especially if you can't start up the production of food, plastic and metal before resources run out. What I'm missing a little is a way of saying ""I need 3 more engineers"" or ""Please hire me 2 medics"" instead of this ""30% of the next batch of people arriving better be workers"". And you can't even tell how many will arrive.. Otherwise, well done game."
,Recommended,403190,30539086,Posted: 16 March,all,Cliffracer666,Definitely fun and a good buy for $20 but don't go crazy expecting top graphics or elaborate tech trees.
,Recommended,403190,25386592,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,TylzSomeone,Excellent game. Sure it has its drawbacks but overall worth the buy.
,Recommended,403190,28846701,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,The Professor,"This game is addictive and a bit challenging in the beginning. One little mess up could ruin the entire colony. However, once you get the hang of it, it's almost easy sailing. The first few colonies for me were fun, however the more colonies I establish, the more the game seems to lose its charm. Moving to different planets doesn't necessarily unlock any new buildings (some do to help with climate differences) or require a crazy different strategy making it feel a little boring after a few new colony starts. I'm not too fond of the way the colonists are separated into different classes (worker, engineer, biologist, etc.) as certain machines can only be run by certain classes. This means there will sometimes be many people just standing around while metal or plastic needs to be made (which if a worker can do, an engineer surely can do).If you can find this game on sale, I'd say it would be a good buy. At full price, I would be a little hesitant to buy it, but regardless it is a good looking game and will keep you entertained for many hours."
,Recommended,403190,29143994,Posted: 9 January,all,blueeyes42,"This is a solidly enjoyable game. It doesn't have a ton of replay value in my opinion, once you figure out a solid survival strategy it's hard to convince yourself not to use it for the sake of making the game interesting again. However, figuring out your survival strategy is a blast (if you find resource management a blast) and it's incredibly rewarding to see your forethought pay off in the form of survival and expansion. Would recommend, both to seasoned city-building veterans and to new-comers to the genre.Not sure if it's worth the full price, but a very comfortable purchase on sale even by 3 or 4 dollars."
76561198001914453,Recommended,403190,29719982,Posted: 5 February,all,Shatters,"Excellent game. Has a moderate learning curve, though as with many games, it is merely learning the ""ins and outs"". Graphics are appealing and the audio is fitting to the scene. Only complaint, which may just be me, is that there is no real ""end"" to the game. Though this can also be considered a plus by many. Well worth the money if you plan on killing a weekend."
,Recommended,403190,30073078,Posted: 20 February,all,swarupsengupta2007,"I must say this is a rare combination of polished, good looking and awesomely executed game. Doesn't tax the system too much yet have many many hours of replay ability. Kudos to the developers for bring such a niche and simple yet fun title to steam.AI is well executed, the human behavior is well captured, on a whole it tends to be a whole package. Looking forwards to hours of play."
,Recommended,403190,30155421,Posted: 24 February,all,Evil Mustard Seed,This is one of my favorite games. It is challenging and involves quite a bit of forethought. Designing the most efficient colony is tough but very rewarding when it happens. Fun game
,Recommended,403190,30252270,Posted: 28 February,all,JustCallMeSenpai10,"This game is very hard but enjoyable my first* city building game, but this game needs more game changing updates and they need to be free, no DLCs.And the positioning on the planteds when your placing down a building need to be improved.I've played over 26 hours in this game, so they must be doing somthing right."
,Recommended,403190,23532254,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,IncuB,"Fun and hard, yet still a too short gaming life spam.I think the developper tried to extend it's duration by increasing its difficulty.Still you can have fun watching everyone suffocating."
76561198093127255,Recommended,403190,28368818,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Painted Pornography,"A fun game with a nice survival aspect that slows down as you learn to better manage your resources, I feel the replayability is a bit low and later game content isn't as fulfilling as it could be. That being said, it's very pretty and relaxing, and a nice thing to sink a few hours into. It's a great game to grab on sale or if you really need to scratch that base-manegment/survival itch, but between the short amount of time it takes to become self-sufficient on the first three planets (the storm plant is another beast) and the lack of varienty in rooms you soon notice it's not an easy buy."
76561198249793964,Recommended,403190,29150627,Posted: 9 January,all,Flaming104,Wonderful Game just really hard there should be another bot type though one that can operate machines as well in the game just a note to the Devs keep up the good work
76561197966257937,Recommended,403190,29381852,Posted: 20 January,all,Bewildered #Shane,One of the best games I've purchased in a while. Really enjoying it.
76561198093602627,Recommended,403190,20943424,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,grandnovice,"It's kind of like SimCity, except your building an outpost on one of three types of barren worlds. I have almost managed to get a stable base to 200 people and it's HUGE. I have enough telescopes and comm dishes that I am almost getting 100 on asteroid targetting and ship spotting. As I also hear a major update is coming as well. That said, I have to give this little gem a thumbs up.Hopefully the upcoming content will add some late game fun. That's its one weakness really. It also needs an easier way to manage over abundances of resources. Other than that it's a pretty cool sim."
,Recommended,403190,20618915,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Riley,"It's basically the game ""Bannished"" in space. Seems hard at first but once you get the hang of the economy it's too hard. The game is tightly focused so it's limited in some areas, but does what it tries to do surpurbly. It does bother me greatly that of the two planets I've played on they're largely just pallet swapped."
,Recommended,403190,20712984,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Distanced | Posters for 2 Ref,"Best space-themed base/city builder yet! Good amount of realism, and the trading system is pretty nice. Also not hard to run on a bad computer; you don't need to have good graphics drivers. I easily run this on ultra with AO, with no problems. The disasters are a really nice touch too, since most city builders don't have any... (looking at you, Cities: Skylines XD)"
76561198085054286,Recommended,403190,20718749,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,dragoninferno18,great game looks great sound are good hard but not to hard
76561198042140980,Recommended,403190,20728495,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Codsworth   CSGOx14.com,"I love this game but  i havent seen much update in it for 2 months now its a great game with so much potential i still play it for fun but they need to add more to it and add updates to put new types of buildings in and new planets and it would be perfect, buy this game if you like base building games but i personally like it"
76561198036007902,Recommended,403190,20618640,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,samuel.a1370,"Good game mechanics gave me 90 h of fun game play witch is more than i can say for many more expensive game, great concept hope they expand the game. Once you are done with one planet their is not much point doing the other they are quite similar more content would definetly add value to the game."
,Recommended,403190,20619172,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,silverhokum,"Need Another Seven Astronauts. Great Game. Fun Beautiful graphics, addictive.  right degree of difficulty."
,Recommended,403190,20662334,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Kitten Food,"Planetbase is not attempting to 'revolutionize' the genre. It sticks to what works and is fun in a ""survival puzzle city/base builder"" game.  Older gamers from the 90s may remember Sierra's Outpost game, which Planetbase strongly resembles.  This is a good thing since both games are solid and entertaining.  Younger players who are not familiar with that series can look to Banished for a similar type of game.   The game is very clean and polished.  The UI is wonderfully simple, graphics are current and the difficulty ranges from easy to increasingly difficult as you progress, similar to Banished.  Planetbase doesn't have a storyline or mission beyond surviving and growing your base.  There are some milestones that the player can reach which give a feeling of accomplishment, which is something lacking in Banished.  As I mentioned earlier, the game does get more difficult as your base grows as resource management and logistics become complicated.  Don't be surprised to see careful planning result in starving or asphyxiating your colonists due to a meteor crash! :) Overall, if you are into this type of genre and looking for a solid game to casually spend an afternoon with, choose Planetbase.  Unlike many (most) other games in the strategy market at the moment, this game isn't trying to smother you with nonsense features (that are poorly executed).  Planetbase sticks to what works and have made a game that is worth paying for.  Rate: 7/10"
,Recommended,403190,20719782,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,ParGellen,Not bad at all if you are a fan of this kind of game. I'd like to see a few more features added in the future but it is a decent title as it stands.
76561198013625229,Recommended,403190,35357304,Posted: 30 September,all,Durka,"I like this game and for the price it is worth it.You will die, and then you will figure it out, and then you will experiment with different base designs and then one day you will start a new game and think to yourself ""I don""t want to play this game anymore""."
,Recommended,403190,29527492,Posted: 27 January,all,Allyjim,"Well, I am in love with this game...to a point.The gameplay is brilliant, graphics are great. Depending on how quickly you pick it up and get used to the different mechanics you'll spend hours and hours just trying to get a decent base.I, like many others though have found that once you get to the point of having bots, and 100+ colonists it just gets a bit tedious and boring. More features are needed to keep this game enjoyable throughout the mid and late game stages as there isn't anything else to do once you've got all the world achievements and everything is running well.Pros:+Great graphics+Very addictive+Challenging but enjoyableCons:-No decent options menu to change display, audio etc-Incredibly limited with the game creation (can only change location and planet)-Lacking in features and content-Could do with a larger range of steam workshop type mods instead of just challenges like buildings and items etc.So to the devs I say well done on a great game but please for all of us who bought it and want to keep playing it, add more content and features because it feels atm as if this is a stable build of an unfinished game.And to those wondering if you should buy this game. Yes. But I'd recommend you buy it in the sale because I don't think it's quite worth the current price tag for the amount of game you get."
76561198271061484,Recommended,403190,35324132,Posted: 29 September,all,LordRojo,its a great game
76561197993328566,Not Recommended,403190,28957807,Posted: 2 January,all,Not The Mama,"Don't buy this game. The tutorial is garbage.  The game mechanics do not explain why you cannot build anything next to each other.  The AI minions are extraordinarily dumb and ignore all mechancics to keep them alive.  For a game that's been out for over a year, the failure to program the minions correctly is appalling.I've played Banished.  This no Banished.  Save your money for something that's worthy."
,Recommended,403190,19294983,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Gameon48,"Great game ven though i am still on the first planet it is really fun. I know what the other planets are but i wish maybe in the next couple up dates to add a planet like Venus. The Planets that you are on are one is like Mars, another like Hoth, and the last is a Gas giant's moon. Overall great job to the creators of the game can't wait till the next huge update."
76561198005801919,Recommended,403190,22137592,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,mikec4500,Great game! I loved Banished (still do) and this is right up there with the challenge/thinking game!9/10
76561198007199608,Recommended,403190,19797381,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,budamon,"Found myself actually enjoying this game after a couple of hours.  It's just enough of a challenge balancing everything to keep me entertained.  Not a lot of variety, but keeping just ahead of complete disaster has kept my attention.  Frustingrating at first to get everything going, but once you do I can kind of see where this game might get old pretty quick.  I hope for additional content or mods soon.  The game itself is rock-solid.  Haven't noticed a single bug and gameplay is very smooth.  I have a medium-style computer and it runs great on it."
76561198046888557,Not Recommended,403190,22196628,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,xthonda,"This is a terrible game.  The pathfinding for the various workers and others you control is almost non-existant.  After putting hours into a game I found:1. The engineers would suddenly stop making spare parts (they never really made spare parts at all, I had to purchase them from traders, but the process to load the traders ship takes 20 minutes of real time!) and then my power generators would break and all my buildings would lose power and then all my people die.2.  The biologists suddenly stop caring for your food plants and then all your crops die and then all of your people die of starvation.3.  Diversifying your power generation between solar and wind doesn't hedge your advantage to continuously generate power.  I couldn't make spare parts to fix either type of generator, the wind wouldn't blow for 30-45 minutes of real time, night time is obviously no good for solar power.  I had four large storage bays for power and went through them in approx 1.5 minutes.Not being able to control any people coupled with nonexistant pathfinding is very frustrating.Good concept, bad programming."
76561198082730722,Recommended,403190,19147864,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,lazygit10,"Planetbase is an awesome little building simulator with some tough challenges in building and resource management. The game looks really good and the building and landscapes designs really make you feel like youre on a different planet. The game makes life that little bit harder with the addition of meteor strikes, sandstorms and solar flairs all of which add a litte bit of panic and excitment to the game, a meteor landed smack bang in the middle of a full dorm of sleeping colonists which then led to the plants not being tended to quick enough and a food shortage soon after.Planetbase does have similarities to the game Banished, however it is certainly different enough to stand on its own. My biggest issue, which funnily enough is the same as I have with Banished, is that the game is fairly simple once you have a stable set of production buildings, not that i dont enjoy watching my litte colonists scurry around but the game needs a bit more challenge that isnt based around scarcity of resources. I would also like to be able to independly place some structures so that I can set up new colonies without haveing to link buildings across the whole map.On the whole well worth buying, would reccomend to fans of this genre and newcomers alike8/10"
,Recommended,403190,22022336,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Mossclaw03,This game gets boring after awhile and I wish you could do more with your creaivity. But still a good game!
76561198006761764,Not Recommended,403190,31046514,Posted: 9 April,all,Peter.M,"I believe I saw that this was this developer's first game. Well you can tell! I don't want to be overly mean but this game is severely lacking in anything to do. the only control you have at the start of the game is you can build and destroy buildings. sounds fine, until you run out of resources and now you can't build anything. So you sit there and wait for resources to come in but oh no, your workers are injured and aren't making any resources so you can't build a hospital to treat their injuries.Ok new base. ten minutes later you are out of resources again and because of the order you put your buildings you don't have the infrastructure to make resources. Ok another new base, but this one you are stuck in a tiny crater you can't build out of.And every time you start a new base you have to sit through a ten-second cut scene of your ship landing and the occupancy getting out. Even when you don't screw up the start when you run out of resources all you can do is sit there idling for five minutes till you have more.This is a very good first attempt, but it is a first attempt that just needed another few testers to say this resource system doesn't work and it would have been an interesting, playable game."
76561198045394847,Recommended,403190,27590696,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,DarkSkyViking,"This one's ok if you like this type of game.  After a while it gets a bit monotonous as it feels like it's playing itself.  You can't micro manage quite as much as a game like Starcraft, it's more of a 'set it and forget it' type RTS.  There's probably an official term for this type of RTS but I'm too old to care.  I'd pick it up on sale, not full price."
76561198163076808,Recommended,403190,24330947,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Seb,"I would like to begin by saying that I love this game and do not understadn the criticism it recieves.FALSE SPECULATION:Firstly, people say that it's too complex or challenging and that it's very difficult to keep your colonists alive. However, it's complexity is enough to add depth to the gme without making it too difficult to understand. Not only that, but the game's difficulty and challenges means that you have to think critically about the decisions you make-the exact purpose of a strategy game.Secondly, other reviewers say that it's too simple and has only two resources. However, the game is really extensive and realistic with a vast amount of in-game guides and tutorials which help explain all of it's features. Although there are two raw building resources: ore and starch, they are then refined into metal and bioplastic and can be used to create semiconductors, guns, spares, medical supplies and robots.IMPROVEMENTS:Firslty, I don't know why toilets/bladder is not an in-game feature. It seems like this would be necessary for such a realistic game.Secondly, I believe that there should be a larger variety of bots which are suited for the colonist's jobs. Constructor bots are like engineers and driller bots are like workers so why can't there be medicinal bots to mimic the medics, guard bots to mimic the guards and farm bots to mimic the biologists.In conclusion, this is an amazing game with so much to offer which perfectly captures it's purposes as a strategy city-builder."
,Recommended,403190,19142867,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,Dead3eD,"A great game. Imagine a city building simulator based on different planets. Start small - building basic resource gathering buildings and progress to factorys and bars. Maintain your people as they busily work trying to keep things in check. Be plagued by sand-storms, be wary of intruders who try to kill your colonists, make sure you have enough power to survive through the night. Start with Mars, unlock the next two by collecting achievements."
,Recommended,403190,25590895,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Shadow,Great game! Really time killing and challenging
76561198148132080,Recommended,403190,18781141,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,A drunk guy,It's a tricky game that makes you really pay attention to your resources and the statuses of your colonists.  The devs seem to pay attention to the comments and make changes.  I'd say it's worth the buy and I'm interested to see how they continue to update the game and expand it.
76561198148235642,Recommended,403190,18718542,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,MacWalrus,"Well, the game is good for me because I enjoy holding the lives of unfortunate individuals in the balance and it's in a setting that I enjoy. The fact that all structures need to be linked together means that you actually have to plan ahead (I didn't, RIP In Pepperoni) or at least improvise very well, otherwise you run out of water/oxygen/power/food and it can be too late. Natural disasters like solar flares and darude sandstorms create an element of unpredictability; no-one predicted my ENTIRE 120-man colony getting cancer because I ran out of medicine and didn't tell everyone to get inside.OK I've rambled on about the fun times, excluding the cancer, but in all seriousness, the game does need some work; looking at YOU airlocks; but it's good, if slightly overpriced at the moment."
,Recommended,403190,18706095,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Beckster,"Alright, so I just spent the last 10 hours trying to make one succesful base. This game is not easy. It's a fun challenge though. Main thing I don't like it the user interface is not very player friendly. It's hard to figure out how much of a resourse you are using relative to how much you are producing, hard to switch back and forth bewteen controls, and I REALLY don't like that you can't pan the camera up and down! Other than that, I think this is a great game that just needs a little more work.As a side note, I have seen a lot of people call this game the space version of Banished. I agree. I hope to see as many amazing mods as there are for Banished! Planetbase has so much potential!"
76561198009845571,Recommended,403190,18752702,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,NeuralSimulation,"This was entertaining for 24 hours. I doubt I'll play it again, but it passed the dollar per-hour threshold for entertainment value. I may come back to it some day, but the other reviews are pretty spot on, especially LordLeeSLR's review. In fact his review is so accurate, I'm not going to bother repeating everything he said. The game is great and challenging in the beginning, fun in the mid game, and falls apart in the endgame. However I'm giving it a thumb up because it's juuuust barely worth the price tag. If the game were $10 it would be an easy recommend. Maybe wait for a sale, don't go in with expectations too high, and you'll be pleasantly surprised."
,Recommended,403190,18865258,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,razar1,"This is a neat little base building game. I picked it up a few days ago and have quite enjoyed my time with it so far.There are a few issues but none that I have encountered that hurt my experience too badly.The colonist AI could be tweaked a bit more but it seems like the Devs are working diligently on this.- In 1.0.5 I had 10 or so colonists starve to death because they would not stop taking items to a trading ship long enough to eat (I had back to back ships where I attempted to offload tons of items). It was kind of funny since the path they had to take was only a few modules and they had to walk through a canteen  filled to the brim with food.I have only loaded a few maps on planet 1, but I seem to end up surrounded by hills and mountains most of the time which severely limits the area that can be built on.- Luckily I found a few tricks that help mitigate this. You can use pads, mines, and connections to flatten terrain and cut paths through some hills to get to other flat areas. Placing a mine on the other side of a hill and connecting it to an exterior module will place a 'path' that flattens out the hill in that spot. Repeating this can lead to extensive landscape adjustment.In one of my first games my colony ended up dieing out. My only starting engineer was unlucky enough to be crushed by a meteor and my construction bot broke down before I could build a Landing Pad so I was left with no ability to build new structures and was not yet at a self sufficient stage.There is a lot of room for expansion in this game as new modules and hazards can probably be added relatively easily.tl;dr  A fun base building space game to pass the time. Recommended."
76561198302466352,Recommended,403190,26004230,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,THEBIGONE,"When I first bought the game, I hated it. After succesfully finishing the tutorial without falling asleep, I tried the main game and I became addicted. It is super addicitive and super challenging. A great game to pass time. Prepare to be frustrated. It is of course rewarding. Enjoy!"
76561198175967894,Recommended,403190,25977347,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,cbockstadter,"Planetbase, is a great base managment game with hard challenges and plenty of milestones to beat. So far it has been great and fun!!!"
76561197974573438,Recommended,403190,18883758,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,An_InNoCeNt_ByStAnDeR|ThC,"So Ive seen some negative feedback on Planetbase and thought I would write a review , and give this a bit of a boost , because I enjoyed this game , and feel that for whats advertised that its not as bad as others make out.First , those of you saying its too hard need to realize your being challenged. If you find bugs with AI pathing and decision , try altering your colony layout, and tweak incomming personel to the task at hand. Ive beaten the first 2 stages pretty much and have had short term success on the class M planet , so I know its possible to succeed , just hard. And thats what I like in these games : challenge.I have seen pathing bugs including AI not picking up well from saved games , not building critical structures before other planned ones (which I note the developer is working on in the current iteration) and ridiculous traffic decisions among personel when faced with a bottle neck in airlocks ; remedied by having more than one airlock where more people need to use the facility. I also note in the aforementoined case that having an airlock open to the opposite side of the base can help in central junctures.These problems can all be cured by a little dillegence in AI prioitization and pathing , and it seems the developer is working on it , so give him that chance.If the current bugs are addressed , I would give it a  6/10 , and as I see direct engagement and work towards that end that seems to be working , I feel confident in that rating. Now that said , as I would rate something at 5/10 as worth playing , this isnt a stellar endorsement , but confidence that others can be entertained in the title as advertised.Now as for those saying this game lacks depth , I say : ""Your right, but wait and give the developer time to add this before you make a final assessment."" If your expecting a finished game , hold onto your cash for now , but if you want it as is , which is ALPHA and under construction , you can be entertained.Im hoping and expecting to see more depth added. I feel this game has all the potential to garner a huge following if its fleshed out a bit. Im reminded of ""Outpost 2"" , where you could design the colony ship and pick from different planets. I remember ""Light of Altair"" where you could look out from your rock and see in the sky other closeby planets in the solar system , the stars closeby and backgroud gas clouds. Im reminded of EVE where the sceenery reflects the locality in gas cloud formations and local stars. Admittedly turning this into an MMO game like EVE from its present state would be like building a pyramid in ancient Egypt , but I would love to see the dev able to grow this product into something even close to it.Back to something more realistic , I would think adding a local star map and letting the player choose his destination and design the launch vehicle wouldnt be too much of a stretch.. add a half dozen more planet classes and then according to star class have the planets a bit randomized/procedurally generated.Maybe reward player success with more cash to build a better ship and take more stuff. Add other buildings like reactors you could set up (would last say 5x as long as other power gen but then needs advanced spares , fuel processing , tech and lab to research many of the components etc) add resource 'radiologicals'.You could add a bulldozer , big tracked driller to go with the drill bots , make people choose where to drill and hit viens of metal that give more metal / radiologicals / gold / other minerals. Add underground habitations , schools , malls , hospitals , better residential areas shielded from solar flares and add radiation to those staying on surface on planet classes without magnetic fields to shield them and atmopheres. Add terraforming so you can add or thicken the atmosphere and after weeks of playing your colonists can take the space suits off for good. You could design and upgrade your own trade ships , load them with the food and goods you make and sell them to other computer players and humans in a persistant galaxy. Lets face it , theres billions of stars in the milky way - you could accomodate all the players there. Even have competition sending out hostile saboteurs , theives , spies to other places.Theres so much potential here it would be a shame not to acknowledge that though theres work to be done , this is a work in progress AND IS ADVERTISED AS SUCH.If you buy a game in the process of construction , you have to expect it to be unfinished. I for one acknowledge that and support the developer in his effort. If that effort is abandoned too soon , thats on him down the road , but Ive given my money to try it here and earnestly hope the effort is continued. Ill say if your also going into your purchase with eyes open and realistic expectations , and your a fan of colony sims , that I think you will be reasonably entertained for a time.Good luck to the dev,  and Ill be watching !Bystander"
,Recommended,403190,22325125,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Chicken McNuggets,"This game is good and serves a challenge and i allmost gave it a bad review because of how unclear this game is about things.The toutorial only gives basics and doesnt give you good information of late game or anything. The in-game glossary is allmost as useless because it gives little information about it. Like the landing pads, it doesnt tell me how often they come. The glossary doesnt tell me weather or not intruders only come from transport ships.But overall this game has good graphics, runs well and much freedom and customization. But i think i like Sol 0 more as its simpler and you actually get resources from eart every something days. And if i was to give it a rating...mm 7/10 sounds like what i would give it. If the toutorial was useful, and the glossary more descriptive it would be a 9/10."
,Recommended,403190,22875110,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,le desordre,"Perhaps the most challenging city-building/base-building game I have every played. The game looks great, the planets are what I imagine when living in space, and the disasters the occur at random are also what I imagine. Definitely a neat twist on the genre.I really do hope they add more content as time goes on. There are not many buildings that can be made, but the fact that you have to reach certain milestones to unlock more planets definitely drives the game forward."
,Recommended,403190,32831747,Posted: 26 June,all,letmebeurcoffeepot,"Good game. I wish there was more, but honestly, it's kind of an ""I'm bored"" kind of game. I definitely think it could have had more features to make it harder, maybe aliens that invade, etc. Despite lacking more intruiging things to make it stand out, it's a pretty good game. Would recommend."
,Recommended,403190,29789841,Posted: 8 February,all,President Trump,Cities skylines on a diffrent planet = COOL its really chill and its also strategy i really recommend it.
76561198399075178,Recommended,403190,35048684,Posted: 18 September,all,Ragnar Nordskov,8.0 out of 10. This game is A TON of fun for folks who like base building type games. The level of detail the game places on the crafting and day to day chores of your party is amazing. That being said it has a lot of room for more content. The game is fun out of the gate and the difficulty is what draws me in to play another and another. I just wish it had more options as far as end game content goes. None the less the game is totally worth its price tag and I look forward on purchasing more games from these guys.
76561198023580992,Recommended,403190,24338057,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Wuvyou,"Currently barely a positive review. 6-7/10.It has great potential but there are many things they need to not only fix but revamp.Love the idea just sadly poor implementation of overall management atmosphere. Have hopes for the game, one of the few rare early access games that will bring me back with updates."
,Recommended,403190,28276107,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,i guess im a furry now,"The game is great. It's only a shame that they're no longer adding new gameplay updates to the game, because there's SO much they could impove on to make this a timeless expirience. At the moment, there isn't a good modding community to put in what the developers won't at this point. Better micromanaging resourcers, more building types, multi-level buildings, etc. It feels like a solid base expirience with so much potential that's been left out in the cold to do it's time."
,Recommended,403190,31024438,Posted: 8 April,all,We Gonna B Alrite,"I always judge a tycoon game by how well the gameplay is balanced - and Planetbase is a perfect example of a game that has achieved the right balance between difficulty and enjoyment. The pacing is excellent - manageable enough so it doesn't turn into a high-pressure chore, but challenging enough to keep you paying attention. The atmosphere is great too, and the longer I played, the more attached I got to my colonists. Great game!"
,Not Recommended,403190,29575445,Posted: 29 January,all,Techerock,"Although I would love to give this game a positive review of the game the overall gameplay is kinda shallow when you think of it.In general it is consistant of the overall same thing over and over again with very few ways to improve your situation after you get yourself stable.Having intruders might sound like an interesting thing, but once you dealt with like one or two times in your game this task even it self becomes a rather trivial matter.The distaters in this game are also kinda a joke because really after your defenses are set there really is no challenge for that. Plus there isn't enough variety of these disasters are also shallow in nature just not enough for a ture challenge. Plus this game doesn't have colds & viruses which is also a problem when it comes to the game which there would be that in an envioment like this.The reliance on traders for technologies is kinda hit and miss, personally I would have gone the whole research it up route which then would rely on resources and make it actually worth your time to do that, rather then passively attracting visitors and waiting for the correct trader to come with the tech your after.Also the current buildings that are on offer are kinda dumb when you think about it because why on earth would I build this stupid structure called the cabin, serves no purpose in the game when the dorm is far superior to that. Plus the overall lack of incresed structures of certain types are also a joke. Plus the ability to only build in very select spots on the floor of these building are a complete waste of space in the game. Like for instance have you looked at a large controll center with the space in the middle of the place comletely empty & then you look at other control centers in real life there are few watsed spaces in those buildings.Also in the game's defense the soundtrack for the game isn't half bad and the gameplay can be addicting. Yet when it comes to that gameplay the shallowness of it doesn't mesure up to the game.In short after all is said and done I cannot recommend this game at full price to anyone, but on sale only to those certian few whom want to get a okay game.Gameplay: 44/100Sound&Music: Sound - 71/100 Music - 82/100Graphics: 76/100Overall: 58/100Edited in a touch late, but The AI can be a bit dumb at times and not play their game smart which causes them to die."
76561198161378870,Recommended,403190,30884830,Posted: 1 April,all,Lord_Raknul,"The martian movie, as an RTS. This game is a masterpeice, and I would go as far to say that it is the RTS of the decade (sorry starcraft). This game is worth the 19.99 any day of the week, and here is why:Pros:- Amazing gameplay all around-SOOOO many buildings, with buildable interiors-Easy to learn, yet challenging to playCons:-incredibly stupid colonists (go inside buildings with no oxegen, build themselves into cages, go out in sandstorms until you build a command center, tend to build the least important thing first unless told otherwise)-Asteroids-unfair at times-♥♥♥♥ING POWER MANAGEMENT"
,Recommended,403190,30446628,Posted: 11 March,all,Lord Bob Mc Bob Face The 2nd Jr,Amazing game! It can be a bit annoying like when a medic doesn't make med packs. The graghics are really good and you don't need a really good compter to run it!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198003124183,Not Recommended,403190,29289212,Posted: 15 January,all,CaptnSpanky,"Oversimple and slow. Hardly anything to do in late game, which you get to in less than a few hours. You want a base building management game. Buy Evil Genius or Tropico 5."
76561197966902727,Not Recommended,403190,30186563,Posted: 25 February,all,Menstrual Armageddon,"The thing I don't understand about Planetbase is why the game includes both colonists and robots when the colonists are behave less intelligently than an assembly line robot. You spend hours building a gorgeous, efficient colony, only to have the whole colony wiped out when your engineers or biologists die due to being unable to navagate your storage facilities and access the mountains of food you have there. The inability to direct colonists to do certain jobs leaves you at the whims of a particularly shabby AI who may or may not decide to build that oh so vital structure even though you clicked the prioritise button.Life on other planets is inhospitable. Especially when populated with ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥."
,Recommended,403190,26180153,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,=LAF=Crimson,Very very interesting game with beatyfull grafic and gameplay.
76561197974003419,Not Recommended,403190,30190046,Posted: 26 February,all,Rakajj,"Too Shallow of a building game, very generic.  No additional updates means this should be a solid pass from most."
76561197981320735,Not Recommended,403190,32799563,Posted: 25 June,all,JR,"where to start. this game AI is completely idiotic. easy level and the workers dont even fix the broken solar panel or the wind turbine even though i have 10 spares. 2 of the 3 workers have a broken leg but even with the sick bay at priority, it still will not build it even though the pad has full mats for metal and plastic. start the game with 6 people and 2 bots and after the cut scene, 2 people just up and disappear.save your money go get something else."
76561198258293097,Recommended,403190,33332076,Posted: 6 July,all,57Eric,This game was a great base builder and i found that building a big one can take time but the game is simple and fun but still has a feeling of i want to exspand more. i ahve spent countless hours building and planning but never got board.
76561198306285560,Recommended,403190,23119548,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,nwcjean,not working very well graphics are bad for some reason neat mechanics though
,Recommended,403190,29269308,Posted: 15 January,all,PerksPrisoner,"Don't Want To Read? No Worries, I will read it for you click below:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=spVV9jCWllU&feature=youtu.beThis highly emerssive game, in my opinion gives the greatest of simulations of what it would be like on the surface of a planet that is newly explored. While you may know of such things as astroids and blizzards, it leaves you not knowing what the outcome will be. The AI of the colonist it rather intuitive to real people. They work less when depressed and hungry and wish for simple things outside of work. You have some that seem they spend their entire day in the bar and others that walk in just to watch the news. You can't make them work hard, you can't force someone to replace them, you can only watch as they do their jobs how they wish no matter who is watching. It isn't for the easily enraged, it will constantly deliver a unwanted situation just at the peak of ""doing good"". The trade system serves as an excellent way to get stuff you need, granted you have what they want. However, it also serves for an outlet of habitual mistakes that could cost you. Each planet having it's own circumstances that effect your overall gameplay while there, it goes to show how a few mistakes that seem minor/unnoticeable effect a community over a long period of time. One of the greatest proofs of this are within the early trading. It doesn't seem like a big deal to take your ""Spares"" and trade them as they have the most value, assuming you have plenty by leaving a couple for yourself in exchange for a fair amount of food. Once, you start to gain momentum suddenly you see your power and water sources need repair, while almost simultaneously seeing the notification ""We have ran out of spares"" pop up on screen. The rush is on to resolve the issue. This is one of the greatest simulation I think have ever been built. Now, for a touch of bad news! Well..... Not really bad more of a ""I wish it were a thing!"". If I had to suggest improvements I would request, that they allow you to assign workers and shifts for each place. Such as your agriculture is the staple of your colony and it would be nice if you could create rotating shift for them for maximum effeciency as when you are in late game and you start allowing visitors and more colonist to join sometimes you loose up to 10 simulataneously so it would be beneficial to be able to assign shifts, it would allow for better management of the resources you have so you are pushing out as much steel as you are bring in ore. This is without mention the fact it would be nice also, due to you could see what you need instead of hoping you have enough to manage your food. Overall, I love this game. You can see I quickly got a addicted it, it didn't take long after purchase to rack up over 12 hours of play. Thank you to the developers for this game.Perks Pleasure Rating: 9/10"
76561198232951644,Recommended,403190,29841268,Posted: 10 February,all,Allurix,"This is my 1st review of a game here that I've bought on Steam...  I have to say it has potential.. but it needs alot of work. Many posts here mention the AI of the colonists not doing what they are supposed to and I agree 100%. I am disapointed in this as even tho I've prioritized the order of what needs to get built and done right away.. the ai colonists just dont want to do what they are supposed to. It would be nice to add a terrain editor as well so u can level mountain areas to make room for your structures that are in tight areas. Overall.. At this stage in the games progress.. I would hold off until more updates address these issues. Other that that, it could be a fun game to pass the time.***UPDATE ... After many games and watching other players on Youtube and seeing what works and what does... I'd say i'd recommend it at this stage.. learning now what works and what doesnt and how certain mechanics of the game need to be set up in a certain way...  overall.. a decent game."
76561198025141716,Recommended,403190,22064242,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,When Logic Dies,"Awesome game, insanely difficult a real balancing act, you cannot spam build anything, its a real tightrope walk"
76561198041192932,Recommended,403190,18535926,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,CaveBadgerMan,"Wow Heard great things about this and was very excited to play, been waiting for the release for awhile.Had a quick game tonight ended up after 85mins killing a lot of peopleand even after that I wanted to start again and try and better myself.Would I recommend this game Yes, You will kill a lot of people and run out of supplies but you will want to try again and have lots of fun along the way. Well worth having in your steam library."
76561198030718851,Not Recommended,403190,18551471,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,adamblain,"I mostly like this game, and I think they have the start of something really fun, but there's just not enough to this game yet to justify its price tag."
,Not Recommended,403190,18551812,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Critian Vic,"its a good game, but it still heavily bugged, like workers getting stuck on the airlock with bioplastic on hand, getting all the production stuck,eventually killing everyone and ruining your game"
,Not Recommended,403190,18552326,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,iroxis,"Note: Before people go bonkers on why I gave it a no, it is temporary.The game fun concept, I like the so called ""roles"" system for the colonist which comes in handy and sort of believable that each person has their own task to do, also given the fact that you see your colony build up and function is your pride and joy, gives you a sense of achievement when your base actually expands.However the downside, which really is a gamebreaker is the that you cannot command the people to focus on a specific and urgent task, and pray that he/she actually goes to the location that you desperately need. For example, resources, the way that it is generated is too unstable, and the fact that once your equipment starts deteriorating, everything begins to go downhill because the people (with a huge amount of resources to build spare parts) choose instead, to carry food to the storage room. Medics, cannot be bothered with people with injuries. Workers/ construction bots, do not carry out construction tasks when the resources needed to build the item has been met.All in all the game is fun, the concept is not revolutionary or new, but it is interesting, perhaps it might be because of the space setting. For now, as much as I enjoy playing this game. I would not recommend this to gamers who are interested in it until the AI or perhaps a task allocation system has been added."
76561198079905395,Recommended,403190,19187113,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,David Binding,"Great game!And really good with survival dynamics with manager of a habitat in potential space environments and striving to hold a grip on dead planets and moons.A combination with creeping cosmic disasters in wake, that can spell the end of survial in habitation with logical blows with each time you play and re-start a game with types of planets with different harsh environments.""That's with out getting cranky about"" while watching all your little peoples on the base suffercate to death ggggrrrrrrrr!!!!!! and start all over again.But the temptation while walking a way from the PC, ""with a addiction thinking could i master it.""That keeps you turning back for more the next time play it.Some improvments could be made to make a next version better, but keeping it the way it is with adding more dynamics too the game.Like more types of dead planets or moons or spacestations in that matter, or more types of metrials such as mining of local resorces and food types and prehaps more types of facilities and techs.However the machenics of the game is still great and keeping to the basics,' i suppose it's what makes it fun to play in some spare time.Other then that Planetbase is a 10/10 for me."
76561198045564537,Recommended,403190,21334552,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Senpai Astrea,great game!
,Recommended,403190,22065351,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,5iM,Great game! Really hope the dev would add more stuff to it and make it more challenging (Since it becomes easy after your base is stable/self sufficient).:D
76561197985589039,Recommended,403190,20216230,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,WHOOLEE,Not a bad game but very little content means you will tire of this game after just a few sittings.Best advice is simply grab it in a big sale only.Thumbs up as there is no middle and only if its on a sale price.
76561198081684102,Recommended,403190,19821166,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,korac,"I don't, as a rule, do reviews, but I've seen so many mistaken impressions being whined about around here that I felt compelled to tell it as it is. After all, I've played this game more than enough to actually know what I'm talking about.This is, above all, a game of challenges. From the very moment your intrepid crew disembark, time and circumstance are against you. Life on this new world will be harsh, brutal and extremely unforgiving, and your chances of survival (especially as a newcomer) could realistically be rated somewhere between minimal and non-existent. You are completely and utterly at the mercy of the elements, of a hostile environment, of your own noobness and ineptitude, and indeed, of a bunch of often-times lazy and downright selfish colonists whom seem to delight in thwarting your efforts by placing their own immediate needs above those of the greater good... Or, to put it another way, a bunch of perfectly ordinary human beings.Ergo: this is not a game for those whom get easily frustrated by not having absolute control of every little self-serving munchkin whose lives are still, ultimately, in your hands. You are not God, nor do you possess mind-control powers. You are merely the architect, the supervisor, the manager. And as managers the world over know only too well, dealing with and handling idiots and self-servers is just a fact of life... Live with it - or take your God complex to a game designed to accommodate and pander to you, as there are enough of them out there.This is not to excuse deficiencies in the AI which can, even I admit, sometimes cause additional problems and can be extremely frustrating. These are, however, gradually being addressed by the developers (and no game, after all, is perfect). Put yourself in the above frame of mind, however, and you'll give yourself every chance of enjoying a truly captivating and rewarding sandbox game; one where you can constantly strive to learn and improve with each and every new base, set your own goals, and take great delight in overcoming all the many obstacles to finally achieve those ambitions.It ain't perfect - no game is - but it can be one helluva lotta challenging fun for such a bargain price! Highly recommended if you enjoy resource management / development simulations and, above all, a genuine challenge. Not recommended if you get easily frustrated and are prone to rage-quit!"
76561198121752988,Recommended,403190,32729566,Posted: 24 June,all,morriskend,Very nice game well worth your time 8) .
76561197978519385,Recommended,403190,24679790,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Pathogen,Overall good builder game without a lot of micro-management.  No bugs that I've seen and decent tutorials.
,Recommended,403190,24731174,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,xor511,"This is a base building game, a really challenging one, and hard to master, but it is entertaining if the challenge is your thing.The level challenge is not unfair and ridiculous, it is all about good base management, all the tools to do it right are within easy reach, you just have to learn to do it right."
76561198090056965,Recommended,403190,24745994,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,{WGR} MLGEdgelord,"Ever since I watched SplatterCatGaming upload videos of this game to YouTube, I have wanted it because it looked calming and fun. Ever since I got it, I have loved it and been addicted to it, especially the challenges. I uploaded episodes of it myself to YouTube, in hopes of getting the game more publicity and popularity. I put more hours into it in one day than I had put into other games that I love dearly, such as Banished, in one week. This game is beautiful, amazing, calming (although it gets stressing if you screw up like me), and overall worth the money."
76561198150868617,Recommended,403190,18600097,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Jack,This game aint bad!
76561198007862196,Recommended,403190,18625310,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Torpa,"This is a great game if you are into building/management.  Unfortunately it should still be in Beta as the AI is terrible when you get to around 100 population.  Im not sure if they are going to patch this or let this awesome unfinished game go now that it's been released.Tips for players on getting around the bad AI (if they dont patch it)- Do not create a ""Loop"" base where it stretches all the way around a large mountain- Try to keep all airlock/external structures on 1 side of your internal structure chains, do NOT build on both sides no matter how much land you are working withIf Devs are reading this review, this is one of the games problem :- The AI are set to go to the closest airlock to get to an External location - so when you build an airlock on 1 side of your chained internal structures and you've built something on the other side, they will go through the closest airlock and sit there and die even if there is an airlock 5 meters away which has perfect access on the other side.- The other problem is getting resources to your starport/airfield.  I haven't worked out the cause of this bug yet, but when you get to a large sized base, the colonists liturally go for a random walk out into the middle of no where and pace back and forth until they die...  and when they die, they drop their packages, and then more colonists go out and get stuck trying to pick up the packages.Really hope you guys can get the issues sorted as i really do love the game"
,Not Recommended,403190,18639714,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Lord Griffonbait,"As much as I enjoy this game, I cannot recommend its purchase.A very interesting and beautiful looking game that has a lot of potential. I really enjoy the challenge of starting the colony and growing it ever larger.The biggest downfall is the faulty AI - it is a game breaker. Colonists will avoid doing any work, preferring rather to stand (idle) in connecting tubes and alternating between sleeping and eating/relaxing. External structures will go unbuilt even when they are required to be built. Food will not be managed, even though stavation is rampant ... the list goes on. At one stage I saw a group of colonists waiting to exit the Airlock, hopefully to construct a dome, but rather they immediately turned around and went back into the habitat, having performed nothing at all of the jobs outside - like carry supplies to the Storage Dome - everyone can carry things!After having played for over 2 hours, there are glaring issues with the game. I suggest the following improvement, beyond just fixing colonist AI:- Use three levels of priority (Medium/High/Critical) for ALL managment AND construction tasks (even those constructions within a dome, e.g. the Water Fountain).* Critical: only one task of each category Engineer/Medical/Biologist, at a time can/should be allowed to have Critical priority, ensuring the AI takes *immediate* notice, even if the colonist assigned to the task is starving/sleepy, etc. However, priority of the assigned colonist goes to free/idle colonists first. Those colonists that are already assigned a task are not to be considered for a priority task, unless all colonists of the same category are busy. Maybe decreasing the resulting Condition rating of the object being managed/constructed, based on the colonist's status (Normal (100% Condition)/Yellow (85%)/Orange (50%)/Red (25%)).* High: based on the required task, a specialist colonists will be promptly assigned, before he/she takes on more menial &/or personal tasks. Again, the resulting Condition rating could be affected by the working colonist's status, as above.* Medium: colonists will get to the task when there is nothing better to do, or have a higher priority task waiting for which they are specialised.At the moment priority cannot be set to a higher level for the construction of buildings and this is essential within a multitasked and multi-skilled environment. While it is possible to set a specific dome to have increased priority, certain tasks within that dome also need to have their own priority rating, even if they have their status icons showing. For instance, taking care of high-maintenance plants."
76561198086485451,Recommended,403190,18651092,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Gorramit,"Planetbase is pretty much Banished in space.  While I agree that the AI needs a bit of work, the game is still playable and fun in my opinion.  Having put almost forty hours into it, I think thats a fair conclusion to make, but the game is not without its flaws which I will list in addition to the positives as well:+ Good graphics design which runs pretty smoothly.+ Intuitive controls and a nice tutorial for everything that isn't.+ Seems to be a good balance of difficulty and fun (at least for me).+ Plenty to micromanage but without being overwhelmed+ A small bit of progression as it takes milestones to unlock the other two planets which adds a sense of achievement and a reason to do well.- AI needs some work, because if just one of their needs isn't met, they refuse to work which is annoying.- Prioritization needs to be improved/implemented, as many of my workers will distribute materials in an order that I wish I could control and rearrange when needed.- Power always seems to be an issue and I wish power storage units would drain just a bit slower- The morale system just flat out needs to be removed in my opinion, as they start getting depressed for stupid reasons such as overpopulation despite an abundance of resources and living space.- Lastly, the guards should be better at fighting intruders.  My base gets raided regularly and it annoys me that for every intruder that enters the base, just as many guards are going to die and will have to be replaced.  Not to mention that people get depressed when the guards die so everyone always has some stupid reason to be sad, which again is why that whole morale system needs to be done away with.Overall the game is good in my honest opinion despite the work it needs.  I wouldn't have put so many hours into so far if I thought otherwise, but if you haven't purchased this yet and are still skeptical then wait for a sale.  If the issues that I listed get addressed and fixed, then this will get two thumbs up from me."
76561198094225506,Not Recommended,403190,18636658,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Annonymous,"Game has potential, but currently is so difficult as to not be enjoyable.After numerous attempts, and following the game's suggestions (tutorial), I still could not get a colony to be stable.  So, after searching online, I tried the 'best approach' methods as posted.   Managed to get up to 50+ colonists, then a meteor hit a primary building, killed several workers, then ran out of 'spare parts', then power grid fell apart, then every one died.Too many random factors that will decimate your colony.   Pathing issues trying to get resources where needed, people starving with a storeroom FULL of food, parts not being made/produced even though supplies are on hand, etc, etc, etc.Perhaps after more tweaking and balancing, the game will be good for the casual player.   As it stands now, it's a bit too frustrating to truly enjoy."
,Recommended,403190,18649767,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Semple,"11/10 would keep playing to watch all my colonists die when a meteor impacts the dorm that they all happen to be sleeping in on Day 4.I have seen many comments complaining about the AI. However, I do not have any issues. I only failed a colony once, and that was due to me not knowing I needed spares to repair.  Since that, I have built a base on the first planet that made it to 340 colonists before moving onto the second planet where i am up to 36 and had to reload to a previous save once due to a solar flare killing 60% of the population (I didnt have a command console to turn on alarms).While there are AI issues, its not gamebreaking. If you are somehow struggling with AI, either learn to deal with it or leave and come back to this game later.Pros:- Space! bases! ships!- City-builder- Challenging- Day/night- Graphics- Active DevelopmentCons- Lack of settings whatsoever- Build layouts leave much desired as they waste a lot of space requiring minimum distances for connections and minimum distances between domes- AI needs improvement (lol @ the AI that goes, gets food, goes back to work for 30 sec, decides its morale is low, fills morale, works for another 30 sec, then decides its time to sleep, all the while spending more time walking around than doing anything productive)"
76561198005895086,Recommended,403190,18680874,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Okami Kage,"This game is very simple to play. There are a few structures to build, and a few componants to build in some structures. You manage only a handful of critical resources and a few sort of bonus ones, like coins or guns that make things easier but can be done without. So on the face of things, it's very simple to play, and as simple games are, easy to get bored with... but there is a catch, it really doesn't get boring at all. For all it's simplicity, as you expand your base and move from survival to thriving, the dynamics start to shift slightly. It becomes a game of balancing critical resources with less vital type resources that you can't grow or maintain a huge colony without having. Can you survive without a massive stockpile of spare parts? Of course you can... But survival is a handful of colonists in a handful of structures, not 300 colonists, countless visitors, robots, and a sprawling city's worth of buildings and support structures. The real fun begins when you get to that point. When you have to start asking yourself questions like, ""How do I FEED this many people?"" or ""How do I expand my power grid without getting in the way of future buildings?"" Then there are the colonists themselves. "" How many Engineers do I need? Or Guards?"" This game is simple to learn, but the fun is in the details."
76561198047474218,Recommended,403190,18701131,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Danerec,"I'm particularly ensnared by this game, despite how many attempts it took me to get to the second planet. There's a lot more depth to particular aspects of it than I first expected (the sheer number of different meals that can be produced, for example).There is one thing that is really getting to me, however. There isn't a way to change priorities once construction blueprints are laid down. Resources will be allocated to new construction before spare parts for repairs, even if the room to create the repair parts is at a heightened priority. For someone like me who will place down multiple rooms at once and then lose because the workers mindlessly build while the energy infrastructure falls apart elsewhere, this is killing me. I was hoping for something more like Dwarf Fortress, where you could set individual workers priorities and have a dedicated repair engineer, dedicated machinist, dedicated builder, instead I have to recycle structures halfway through resource gathering because there's no other way to stop for more pressing work.Also, the fact that specialists will carry materials (a worker's main job) but won't do anything else outside their field is something that makes losing painfully slow. My first few attempts I didn't realize this, and sat there for a good 20 minutes at 4x speed as my base slowly fell into disrepair as biologists kept everyone fed, but no engineers meant no repairs, and no medics meant no healing. I sat through it hoping adjusting priorities would get the work done, but instead they mindlessly went about their normal tasks until they asphyxiated. After I figured it out of course I was able to recognize the point of no return and restart, but it's just another lack of AI that is making me consider reinstalling Dwarf Fortress...Despite this I'm continuing to play hoping future updates make up for it."
76561197981815097,Recommended,403190,18543070,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Gwen,"This game has a great deal of depth for the OCD micromanager type gamer.  It's like juggling an pingpong ball, a chainsaw, and a bowling ball at once.  Having said that I really love it so far.I do have one question for the devs though:  Why the heck are my engineers not building spares despite having plenty of metal and plastic, a powered spares workshop and 3/4 of my solar and wind generators offline due to wear???"
,Not Recommended,403190,18715724,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Hobbes,Fairly simple and fun base building game. Lacks the complexity for multiple replays or to justify the current price tag.
76561197977724100,Recommended,403190,18805341,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Loosewire,"A very smooth base builder game. Main components are oxygen, energy, water and food. Trying to balance it all is where it gets complicated and is the main part of getting your base going. Once you get it going, it's then a matter of expanding while keeping your colonists from getting unhappy. They give you the ability to manage it though, what with exercise rooms and bars.Pros: You can save whenever you want. Before you try something risky, save. It also has quick saves and auto saves. When I screwed up, it was very easy to restore and try something different.Cons: I wish you could pause the game while laying out your base. But that's very minor, as the construction UI is very smooth. A few more buildings would be nice.All in all a very polished game."
76561198118973552,Recommended,403190,27988432,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,浪人 Ronin,good stuff
76561198287900956,Recommended,403190,23083624,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,AmericoonBandit,"Meh it's a good game overall, but after you progress far enough it get's boring."
,Recommended,403190,29251401,Posted: 14 January,all,JockTankCmdr,"Enjoying this game so far, not been able to play for a while now but will defo be coming back to it."
,Recommended,403190,30186429,Posted: 25 February,all,jrud05,This is a great game! It's a shame though that it seems like it's not going any further as it has lots of potential!
76561197960567346,Recommended,403190,27897279,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Chuckles4,"Easy to play , maybe a bit too easy but a great time filler at a low cost"
,Recommended,403190,31071978,Posted: 10 April,all,KauaiBoy,"For the first 1-2 hours this game is great.  Than the content starts to get a bit thin and at about the 4-5 hour mark my guys just stopped working or would die from lack of food even though they refused to work to create food.  A few content updates and AI patches and this will be a great game.Also as a small ask, could you have the solar panels return to the sun rise postion at night after the sun has set and not in the morning?Review:  Hopefully optimistic"
76561198089850538,Not Recommended,403190,29549977,Posted: 28 January,all,oliver,"Fun at first, boring at last. I miss the option to do atleast some basic terraforming.And starting from about 1.200 people & bots the game starts heavy lagging."
76561198052260656,Not Recommended,403190,28660210,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,KT,"After playing this game for ages I cant help wonder why its gotten good reviews. The AI is shocking, thick as mince, can cause you to lose people due to stupidity. Then there is the blizzards, solar flares and the like. just how STUPID would you have to be to walk out the airlock when a Solar flare is on the go. Oh but its a game mechanic blah blah, pissoff. Why do random people land and attack your colony, reasons??To many little irritations stop this game from Me recommending it. But hey if you like it and disagree then thats gravy."
,Recommended,403190,18531112,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Mightyrick1,"I had a 140 colonist colony and suddenly everyone started starving. This game is a lot like Banished, except in space and with actual environmental disasters that you have to keep in mind. As your colony grows there will be people with ill intentions that infiltrate the visitors and even colonists that come to your colony and try to take over, that is if a sandstorm doesnt kill your colonists first, or a meteor destroys it.If you're looking for a harsh and punishing game that is still extremely fun, this is definetly something you want to buy"
76561197988339193,Recommended,403190,18660108,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,HotShotX,"Watched a guy starve to death with food in his hands in the hallway, followed by another habitant picking up his meal and walking off to the canteen with it. - 10/10.Make no mistake, Planetbase is BRUTAL. This game will make you watch each of your habitants slowly starve/suffocate/burn to death because of a mistake YOU made 12-24 hours ago.Didn't build enough Solar or Wind generators the day before? - You didn't really LIKE Jimmy, right?Not enough Biologists to cultivate your crops? - I hope the 10% you eventually lose are in non-vital roles.For those complaining about Planetbase being too ""simple"" or ""not complicated enough for $20"", I'm of the opinion that the is right in the sweet spot of Base/Survival Management - Simple enough to learn the basics quickly, but also not so complex that its entirely your fault when you fail.I have 20+ hours in the game, and my current (7th) colony has about 120 Habitants and 25 Robots...after 120+ Days. (THE PREVIOUS COLONIES ALL DIED) - (HOW IS THERE AN ACHIEVEMENT IN THIS GAME TO REACH 250 HABITANTS IN 60 DAYS).This game is not for those who want to be rewarded constantly for their efforts and told how great a player they are. It's for players who want a hardcore survival simulator, have the game slap them in the face for their mistakes, and ask for another.All that being said, here's a few tips for new players:1. Get used to your colonists dying. It's going to happen. A LOT. I once had a meteor land right on the landing ship as soon as I started, killing 3 of them. It's not an issue with AI, it's an issue with YOU thinking you can save all of them. Hostile groups infiltrating your base are almost guaranteed to kill at least 1 colonist per intruder.2. Get your resource generation going ASAP. The key is becoming self-sufficient as soon as possible, and never taking your eye off the amount you produce/consume in each category. The game is a constant balancing act. If you build too many structures, you won't have enough colonists to maintain/work each item, and will produce less overall, if anything.3. TURN OFF THE COLONIST LANDING PERMISSION FROM TIME TO TIME. I cannot stress this enough. The game will keep adding colonists to your colony before you are truly ready for them. It's not a bug, it's a feature. YOU are in charge of the base, and the game will CONSTANTLY challenge you on this.4. Never get comfortable. The day you lower your guard is the night the wind doesn't blow hard enough, your colony runs out of power before morning, and people are starving to death in the hallways.5. Build a good number of airlocks throughout your base. Airlocks only allow one person/robot to pass through at a time, and colonists will line up as they need to go outside (This happens a lot when trade ships land, as your colonists will HAND DELIVER cargo to the ship from your storage). You need additional airlocks near the landing/trade pads to accomodate this traffic, and airlocks in general throughout the base to efficiently reach repair sites, mines, etc. I suspect complaints about pathing are due to this.6. BASE LAYOUT IS CRITICAL. External structures cannot efficiently intermesh with Internal structures, because of oxygen. Furthermore, learn which structures interact frequently with the others. For example, placing your Storage/Canteen/Biodome close to each other will assist in your colonists harvesting crops and staying fed. Likewise, keeping your Mines/Airlocks/Reprocessing/Factories in close proximity will assist in processing raw materials into spares, metals, and other usable materials. Failing to maintain an efficient base layout will ultimately cripple you in late game, in my opinion.Overall, I'm thoroughly enjoying the difficulty of the game, and I'm glad there's no way around it. You either become knowledgable and overcome, or you lose. 20+ hours and I'm not even done with the first planet of three.Lastly, allow me to make the following comparison, for those who have played the early SimCity games - When you play Planetbase, you are effectively playing a game with the complexity of the original SimCity. If Planetbase were as complex as say, SimCity 2000, no colonist would survive.Now that you know what you're getting yourselves into. Good Luck!"
76561197987255443,Recommended,403190,29048460,Posted: 5 January,all,Taggart,"+1. Please, make game harder like Outpost by Sierra On-Line in 1994 was!"
,Recommended,403190,32459281,Posted: 15 June,all,petersongunnar,"Love this game. Need more mods, new buildings!"
,Recommended,403190,24309714,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,jatrezise05,"1 question can you guys add a planet crawler type thing in the game other base to team with or destroy and trader crawlers too.it might need pieces like a motor and wheels, and like the ship that are currently in the game a big and small version and port. Also great game so far keep these in mind if you read this i would love to see a crawler type thing that controlable using W,a,s,d. Thanks for the great game guys."
76561198061512755,Recommended,403190,18689070,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Hawk5602,Great Game!
76561198016199088,Recommended,403190,18693768,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,{PK} Gameplay,Great game! Nice graphics and gameplay.  Glad I did not pay any mind to the bad reviews posted here. They must be people having a bad day.  A must buy!
,Not Recommended,403190,18686750,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,ModerateToast,"Since the new update, the game is a LOT better. Now the only problem is power. It seems like the only time the wind meter is over half is during sandstorms, which actually don't happen that often. I'm constantly having to manage which buildings are operational and it can sometimes kill the fun.I am still giving this a ""Do Not Recommend,"" but it is really more of a neutral opinion. There are still major problems, but the game is a lot more do-able now."
,Not Recommended,403190,18577418,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,ZoLatKam,"This game has promise... but it NEEDS a per unit prioritization system or the ability to tell the contruction bot to quick fixing the damn walkways & build a metal processor, etc. at the very least.I can't, in good conscience, recommend this game at this time.  Once the devs address a few key issues, I will revise my opinion."
,Not Recommended,403190,18572180,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Yamashi,"Like a lot of people say the AI is dumb, like really dumb, my medics are not doing anything, just walking around, sometimes they will take a break from not doing anything and sit at a bench for 5 seconds then go to sleep.Also there is no real way to prioritize things, I am tired of seeing my engineers carrying food around while we need spares all the time, so what happens ? I have to get new engineers to come so that maybe one of them might go by the spares factory and decide to make some spares, but what does that get me ? MORE FOOD CARRIERS.So what do I do ? Build tons of bots, but still they don't do what they should be doing ! I set a high priority to the building where they are supposed to make spares, but still they won't goooooo.After about 15 minutes they decide to make some spares, great I can play again, but wait I forgot to mention you don't have any objective, you just build and keep on building for no reason when suddently a meteor lands on one of your oxygen generator and you lose the game. gg wp.Would not recommend the game YET, it has potential, but the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ AI and the lack of goal are ruining the game for me."
,Not Recommended,403190,18584329,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,David,"The AI in this game are terribly underdeveloped, they dont do important tasks at critical times, and behave like spoiled 3 year olds letting the base fall apart just because there isnt much variation of food or they want to watch tv. They like to go outside at dangerous weather conditions even when the yellow/red alert is screaming at them to stay put.Dont buy the game right now, wait for the devs to optimize the AI first.But if you do decide to buy it before then, atleast wait for it to be on sale."
76561198040083751,Not Recommended,403190,18587010,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Janetsky,"I think this game has a lot of potential, but unfortunately poorly made AI and lack of content is it's downfall. You end up juggling with different needs. Once you've done this well enough you get rewarded with more juggling in a more difficult enviroment!  The game desperately needs a campain. Currently it only has sandbox mode. It's less than a week old so things could change for the better.Update on review:It baffles my how dumb the colonist are. But they are only doing what they've been programmed to do. The dev is patching some balancing issues, when he really should tackle on the root of the problem: the AI. When it gets fixed I might change my review to positive"
76561197974673513,Recommended,403190,18577927,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Helmut,"Really fun game, not easy at all either. You have to actively anticipate the needs of your people or you will be quickly overwhelmed. That being said, the game starts bugging out when your population starts getting around 250 (my game flat out died once I got past 300). People and bots forget they can't walk outside from one end of the base to the other and all manner of nonsense starts happening in your base.Don't try and rush build your base either, you will end up running out of spares or overextending your power grid.Save often and if your people start dieing, move back to a save where you can correct the problem before it starts I have never been able to stabalize a base once something gets out of balance.It can be daunting to start out, but here are some things that worked for me.- Build the biggest oxygen processors you can and try to locate them between your food production and habitation.- The small water producer is only there for filling in gaps where nothing else will fit, use the big one- Start out with a medium sized bio dome and as big a lab as you can, only fill the domes as you have wokers availible initially, as you don't get much if they have to spend all their time maintaining.- Start with wheat, then once you have a steady stream of starch, build onions exclusively- Don't cump your power/water/batteries on one side of your base, it will end up limiting the direction that you can expand, try to cluster them in corners as you expand.- Once you can aford to make a duplicate of the resource processor, lab, factory, etc. specialize them to only produce one type of resource per dome.- Put two control centers in sequence in front of the airlock that leads to your starport, makes it easier for your security forces to gun down intruders before they get very far.- once you get a stable base with around 30-50 people, STOP, to go further you need to collect all the tech you can, build the most massive structures you can past this point or the spares will end up killing you- 4-5 driller bots per mine, they will die over time, so keep a few extra, still better than treating your people in the medbay- Past this you just need to make sure that you have excess capacity before expanding."
,Recommended,403190,18650779,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,tycho5,"Mission 1: Everything seems okay until evening. Not knowing that I need to have battery power at night leads the crew to freezing to death.Mission 2: Got the batteries! I made it through the night! Only to starve the next day...Mission 3: Batteries, check! Food, check! Meteorite dead center of the base killing three crew members, check...Mission 7: What happened to my engineers?!Mission 12: I didn't lay this out right, I have no room to grow the battery farm next to the solar panels. And I question the legitimacy of those windmills.Mission 14: Why is my power breaking down?! What the hell are spares??Mission 23: Visitors! And they're paying me!Mission 24: Sure, you guys seem legit, you can land here and we'll give you food and rest. Why did you kill my engineer?!Mission 25: Behold my monolith!Pros: Easy to get the hang of. Replayability. Nice art aesthetic. It's a fun game!Cons: Not enough variance in the habitats. I'd like to build more different things."
,Recommended,403190,18647930,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,SS,"I really like this game and the recent ai updates drastiacally improved it, but it still lacks some content. My ideas are something like a tech tree which you could unlock independent of trading (but trading would still have some major techs), You should aslo involve the world more, perhaps add vehicles and something to explore. And some ai mistakes that i noticed are that theyre very ineficient (for example, an engineer is going to bring some metal for a building, and instead of him building it, a bot from across the base is going to come and build it. So thats some ideas and improvements that you should make in my opinion. :D"
,Not Recommended,403190,18649602,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Eddie Rapecase,"There's three problems with this game:1. It's lifeless2. It's boring3. There's no god damn point.1.It's lifeless.There are bugs and there are maybe balancing issues and maybe broken game mechanics, but none of that really matters when Planetbase can't make you believe that you're managing people on an alien world instead of a group of fish-eyed imitations of real human beings.What you're really managing is a colony of pod people. In this reality, the Body Snatchers took over the Earth sometime in the 70's, had no need for warfare, so they were colonizing Mars by Fall 2015.They don't need to interact with each other, they don't need to♥♥♥♥♥♥or ♥♥♥♥, which means they don't need to shower, which means they can't reproduce. But they also don't need to pray or laugh or dance or grieve. They're hardly indistinguishable from the robots that help with some of the manual labor.It wouldn't take much to fix this. Some dancing and disco lights in the bar. Some chatter in the hallways instead of colonists' status reading ""idle"" as they stare blankly the walls. A love suite, where two, three, four colonists could unwind a bit. An amalgamated church a la Futurama where colonists could get space-married and then drive off in a Mars rover with some cans tied to the back of it. A toilet for pooping. You know, things that people do.2. It's boring.And this sort of goes hand in hand with the lifelessness of it. When you're managing your colony of pod people there's a stunning lack of emotion, which means a lack of excitement, or sadness, or anger. Sure, you might curse under your breath when your first two colonies collapse because you're still getting the hang of things, but once you do get a base working smoothly, there’s really nothing left to do.Meteor impacts, sandstorms, space pirates. It doesn't matter, this game remains stubbornly boring. Meteor impacts on facilities are rare, and when they do happen, they only briefly incapacitate the single room they hit. Even if colonists die in an impact, they're quickly replaced and it simply means more food and oxygen for everyone else until the next delivery of pod people arrives.Space pirates don't make any sense. I don't know where they come from, because they don’t seem to have a ship so much as they simply appear suddenly in your base. I don't' know what their motives are, because it's not supplies or credits. They seem to just want to kill everyone in sight. If that's their plan, good luck. Because these are pod people baby, and pod people don't know fear. Even when completely unarmed they'll swarm a space pirate until his gun runs out of ammo. It's extremely effective too. You'll lose four or five colonists, but because there's no need for a graveyard or a funeral service, the bodies'll evaporate and things get back to the regular hum drum of LIVING IN SPACE pretty quickly.Planets don't have unique minerals or attributes, so there's nothing you can offer the occasional space-faring trader that he really needs or wants. There's no unobtanium to be obtained, the planets are all completely lifeless, so no alien bison to farm, no scientific research to be done and sold to some Galactic Space Association. You have nothing to offer that can't be gotten any god damn place else in the universe.There's no reason to be on the planet. There's no reason you should just shut off the oxygen supply and watch your fakey-faux-people all suffocate. There's no god damn point.3. There's no god damn point.There is no winning scenario for this game. There are achievements to be unlocked, sure, but there's no satisfying conclusion to work towards. There are no other colonies on the planet, so you aren't trying to become the most self-sufficient.There is nothing to explore on the planet, so you are trying to reach a destination, nor can you, because vehicle production is not possible. So no rover expedition to send your colonists on. No exploring a nearby space jockey ship.There's no tech tree to unlock so it's not as if you can eventually produce a terraforming superstructure to ultimately make the planet habitable.The only thing you can do is eventually unlock enough achievements to let you go on to the next planet. Which begs the question, why the hell isn’t the point to eventually build another colony ship? Why doesn’t winning one level on a planet mean building the ship that you start the next level?It’s almost as if Planetbase wants you to chose your own winning scenario. So I’ve named my colony New Jamestown and once I’ve reached 300 colonists, I’m going to shut off all the oxygen."
76561198093166360,Recommended,403190,18651149,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,chickensalt,"Good fun, much harder than I thought it would be. You need to be patient, build up slowly and ensure you manage your resources well. The first few times I played I got things ticking over nicely and thought I'd leave my resources to stockpile and went off to make a sandwich, when I came back nearly everyone was dead and my base was in pieces. I'm a long way off mastering this little beauty."
76561197970510488,Not Recommended,403190,18526069,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,MrKite,"This game can be very fun but can also be very infuriating.The last level I was playing, I was running out of power. I had no other build orders other than to build another solar array. My colonists kept running around inside the base and would not build the array. Power kept going out, then O2, then water, yet they still would not build the array.On other levels, the colonists would run out of water so I'd build another extractor. None of the colonists would build one despite it being so close to an airlock.The AI needs to be greatly improved in this game for it to be long-term playable."
,Not Recommended,403190,18562208,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Craig,"Game lacks a lot of polish in the area's of AI, and Story. Needs work on making the game playable beyond people stopping working because of depression, which, yes it can be a major issue, but really even a depressed person can soldier on if they know something good is coming. I was building a bar, and they wouldn't even though all the resources were there. They just up and quit, and the whole station died.Thanks to the Martino Developer, I am going to give it another go. :)"
,Not Recommended,403190,18579100,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,zoads82,"-AI off-balance (injured worker lying in bed with a medic staff on board)-Had to restart the game 3 times becuase the first ship that landed was a bandit ship (after building the command center).-No Terrafroming-controls are wonky-workers are starving even when there is food suppliesGood idea, but can't recommended this game.  This game feels like a early-access than a finished game."
,Recommended,403190,18579708,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Mattimaximus,"Easy to learn, hard to master.Recommend."
,Recommended,403190,18669349,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Fr33hk,"1.04 TestedAlot of the negative reviews are from previous versions of the game.  I can tell you this.. its hard!!  but I like it that way, your building a base on another planet for gods sake.. it should be hard.A+++ Great Game"
,Not Recommended,403190,20881287,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Ordo Skirata,"A very fun resource management game. - For a short time. After about 4 - 5 hours you've done and seen everything. And unfortunately the developer has made it clear that they do not want to introduce DLC or any updates for more unique gameplay sessions.Not only the underlying problem of the game really lacking in content, it also has a game breaking bug that I experienced with the AIm, which involved my entire colony voluntarily starving themselves to death. The dev isreallyslow with releasing fixes, and most are small and not particularly noteworthy. I don't think the particular bug I experienced has been fixed too.I would not recommend solely based on the fact that the game is so dull after a few hours, I just wish I realised before I passed the refund timestamp. This could be the inspiration for a better resource management game of this style however, hopefully a more able dev could pick this idea up."
,Recommended,403190,19280835,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Unarmed,"I've heard the game described as a sci-fi twist on Banished. It's a good comparison. I've also read a lot of reviews that describe this as limited replay with maybe 20 hours of gameplay. That's not true. I took a chance on this and was very pleasantly surprised that it's offered me over a hundred hours and I'm still loving it. Developers continue to improve and add content, no whispers of DLC or microtransactions. I enjoy these micromanagement simulations, very Zen for me. If you liked Banished, you'll find this a great purchase."
76561198026530302,Not Recommended,403190,19866970,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,diz,"A couple of games in and I have to say I'm disappointed.  It was promising early on -- the graphics and the challenge had me captivated.  As it turned out, the balancing act turned out far too tedious to be enjoyable.  Planetbase suffers from runaway resource starvation issues.  It's not the first game in the genre to do so.  Sierra's legendary Outpost game also suffered from the same problem.  You know it all too well.  You think you're doing well and one minor resource shortage snowballs into a dramatic collapse of civilization.Simulation games should never trap the player into positive feedback loops.Planetbase's problems include:Dynamic models for power and water production.  Planetbase has only two types of power production: solar and wind.  Solar does not produce at night while wind produces erratically depending on wind speed, which randomly fluctuates between a dead standstill and an Oklahoma F5.  Resource storage buildings are provided with the idea that you should have enough installed capacity to tide you over.  Capacity planning is not at all straightforward and I find the swings in energy production far too dramatic to be enjoyable.Bad unit AI.  Workers in Planetbase are automated agents that move resources around and construct buildings.  Once all of the necessary resources have been delivered to the site of a new structure, construction commences.  However, when constructing several buildings at once, workers will often divide up your resources between them and nothing gets accomplished.  There is an option to prioritize work, but it will not cause resources already delivered to another site to be reallocated.  The Settlers series of games also suffers from this issue.  Allocation of workers and resources is not at all intuitive and leaves you longing for the ability to allocate workers with a click-and-drag of the mouse.  Selecting a worker will inform you where the worker is headed, but only with respect to the next junction.  The next time you're leaving the house and someone asks you where you are going, tell them you are going to the next bend in the hallway.I loved the ability to manage the processes carried out within structures.  Biodomes, laboratories, and factories were well done.  However, since workers are segmented into specific classes, these processes were often left without anyone to implement them.  I found it difficult to understand what my biologists were doing.  My crops were dying, and the games does nothing to help you to understand where you're going wrong.  I found myself wishing the game's mechanics were a bit more transparent.I'll play a few more games and see if my opinions change."
76561198034387738,Recommended,403190,25849133,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,nikolaosb,Great game!
,Recommended,403190,34970482,Posted: 15 September,all,cryotube16,i like it
,Recommended,403190,34969928,Posted: 15 September,all,灯影刘不二,expecting some new features.and new building please !
76561198050607780,Not Recommended,403190,18704727,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,ko23,"I really want to like this game, it's got some awesome parts. But the AI is just way too dumb, when you've got a full food stock and empty meal areas and colonists die because they wait too long get a meal that's not a planning flaw that's a game mechanic fail. Please patch this AI soon."
76561197972826417,Recommended,403190,24373550,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,SKIPJIBS,Easy to play – tough to master with excellent replay value… very engrossing.
,Not Recommended,403190,18603105,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,SGTSylver,"*** UPDATE 2015-11-28 ***Devs have announced that they aren't going to be providing any further content to the base game but instead are going to offer an ""expansion"" pack, or paid DLC basically. So this means no more improvements to the base game which is sad. My original review below stated that this game is basically in the Alpha stage due to the lacking content and mid-end game scenarios or achievements, that is still my opinion to date. This seems like a cash grab by the devs to get more money out of people and a very poorly considered strategy if that was their intent. So my recommendation is not to buy this game until either their ""expansion"" is released to undertand the cost/play ratio or until they provide more valued content.*** UPDATE 2015-11-18 ***I made a new game and played till my base had a pop of 200. No real ""issues"" that are game breakers but there are a few bugs or issues that are frustrating.• The AI is still pretty weak in that it seems job queue has no consolidation routine. Example: A construction bot will carry the last resource needed to construct something but will not stay and construct the something in most cases, it goes on its way and the construction of something occurs later in the queue,which requires a subsequent trip.• Resources that are dropped on the ground after recycling an object will typically remain on the ground until decay if you have a significant job queue or have anything toggled for priority.• The meal makers don't have enough slots to really create anything more than Basic meals if you have a large variety of food being produced. Typically you need to minimize your food to a meat and either wheat or maize to maximize meal ""making"". Basically the more variety you have in your base food products means the greater chance your people will suffer from malnutrition, which is counter to logic.The biggest issue is that the game has nothing to keep you interested or mid-game to end-game scenarios which makes it boring pretty quick. If the devs could add ""missions"" for credits or supplies or an end goal constructable like a terrraforming machine or ""genesis"" machine, something to keep you interested in playing, otherwise no point in playing for long.*** UPDATE AFTER AI ""FIX"" 2015-11-03***This is still such a mess it is crazy. It isn't even just the pathing AI, it is everything with the AI. Work prioritization is bad but welfare prioritization is abismal to non-existant. Same review applies, game is no bueno.*** ORIGINAL ***IMO, this is not a full game, it is an Alpha or a graphically suped up mobile or facebook game with no multiplayer.• The AI for npcs is atrocious.Pathing sucks, job/task management is near non existent and what exists is broken. There is no way to micromanage anything, and this game begs to be micromanaged.• There are no minigames, mid-game goals or end-game goals or game changing scenarios or achievements.So you just trudge along building your base as big as you can with as many colonists as you can until disaster strikes.• Content is minimal.You have a few selections of structures and fewer selections of internal items for those structures. As you progress it looks like more unlock, but frankly why bother trying to get there, they are just more of the same, just bigger.Someone described this as Banished in space, as far as the game concept goes it is very similar, and Banished also doesn't have any real goals or end game achievement but the AI in Banished works well, this one does not. Oh and the mods for banished, yeah there is that.Basically this game is just tedious and frustrating until at minimum the AI is fixed and some end game goals or scenarios are included."
,Recommended,403190,18691304,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Bushdoctah,"This game is amazing!  Never mind the bad reviews, it's a delicate balancing act, the AI is fine after the patch.   Def one of the coolest games I have played in a while!"
,Recommended,403190,18539669,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,(((WalterSean))),"This is a down right fantastic game. I bought it because of the martian and was interested if their were any similartys, which their are but im off topic,It allways feels like their is somthing to do like expand or invite more colinest, or buy a robot pated and build a robot factory. Its an amazing experince and super replayable. With natural disasters keeping you on your toes; it feels less like a sandbox more like a high stress simulator (not a bad thing)But there is no foe sure way to tell a colinist to do this which ended my colony. I traded all my food for spares to repair my wind turbine when all of my botanist decided to run on the tredmill forever and not harvest food and eventualy all my starving colinest died.Still great though"
76561198075680930,Recommended,403190,18594386,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,alexisrivera200x,"Let me tell you the story of my beatutiful Deimos base... Yes, I do know that is the name of the base that got invaded by the minions of hell on doom leading to everyone dying on it but I had a plan... Well it has been fun so far trying to find redemption for the ill named base. Deimos E is basically self suficient.. for now.Deimos E? Whatever happened to Deimos A through D you ask? Well lets say that our colonists were behaving kinda strange... You know... small stuff like killing themselves in solar flares, wandering to long out in raging sandstorms or just ignoring mission critical tasks that would ultimately doom them to dying way younger than supposed to...Of course Its not like the base is cursed or anything, that asteroid that destroyed the first airlock on Deimos A preventing everyone inside the fledgling settlement from getting out to unload our supply filled spacecraft was just an unfortunate accident!Granted Deimos B through D also had a few minor setbacks, like when everyone suddenly decided not to build that energy collector I suggested them to build before nightfall. Sadly they ALL suffocated that night when the wind turbines could not keep up with energy demand because the wind never showed up... Of course our investigation cleared our company of any liability! Turns out the colonists were just spending way too much time outside the base wandering aimlessly picking up and dropping supplies randomly and depleted their Oxigen supplies too much... clear operator error!Anyway, I am very pleased to announce that Deimos E has suffered none of the setbacks previously mentioned. Feel free to visit us, at the moment have several open staff positions so what are you waiting for! We even discovered an ancient relic of unknown origin and will be bringing it in shortly for study! Its a really exiting time to come work with us!My veredict so far for the game (And Deimos E base) is: 10/10 Would hire all my enemies again!"
,Recommended,403190,18574157,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,[Matt] Captain Sum Ting Wong,"If you like colony management sims like Banished or Spacebase DF-9 this game is definitely worth the money, even if you don't play much past trying each of the three planets [as of this edit there are now four planets] up to the point where your base is self-sustaining, you're going to get somewhere between 30 and 40 hours of gameplay out of this. Some of the negative reviews concern the AI and pathing in this game, but if you've played other colony management games in the past, these aren't really new problems, it's just how the colonists establish a list of what they're going to do next.Ask yourself if the price of the game justifies the amount of time you're going to spend (15 hours if you just want to do everything once as quickly as possible and then put it down) and if it's worth it to you, then you should definitely buy this game. The developers are actively patching this game [as of 2nd May 2016] with new content and bug fixes although it sounds like their plans on whether or not to significantly develop the game further rely on the success of the game itself. Having spent almost 20 hours (at the time of writing this review) playing this game so far in a short span of time, I definitely recommend buying the game and giving it a go."
,Not Recommended,403190,19791249,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Moe Torbote,"Not yet is what I would say. The game has real potential but it has a TON of balancing and bug fixes that need working out first.Power generation never seems to work right. The game needs more options honestly. The wind power is not reliable at all and solar generation really isn't enough. Why not look into adding geothermal, or other options. Or maybe make the wind on your ""inhospitable"" planet stronger or last longer. I found myself with fields of capacitors and it still wasnt enough to hold the night if the wind died out for long enough.O2 bug? I found on huge settlements that if I lost power for some reason or another to the point where the 02 would drop, it would never come back. The plants would indicate they were working and they were more then enough before the outage? Even building new plants would not work. Air would never return and everyone would die.100 to 0... Another issue about losing power is the slow food process. If I lost power on veyr large colonies for ANY amount of time the food production would never recover. In fact the whole of the colonists would rush from one food dispenser to another in a mad rush to try to get the only food tray! Rather than you know, grow the damn food. Further more it would be the biologists, who for some reason are the only folk who can grow food. They would run back and forth trying to grab one tray of food rather than work on growing more. Perhaps setting the table so only one colonist is assigned to each tray of food when ready so not every single person is rushing for it halting ALL production if they happened to be hungry.Honestly all this issues could be fixed by taking some notes out of Banished's book. Give players the ability to assign colonists to jobs, and beds. etc. Give us the ability to disable tasks. For example: Biologist A has meat production disabled but not veggies and herbs, whereas Biologist B only has meat enabled. This way I can regulate who is making what and not have it be so random. Especially in a game where things collapse so easily.I really like this game, but I would wait for the devs to iron it out a bit more or wait for it to go on sale. 10 bucks is a bit pricey for a buggy and not very deep game."
76561197975608752,Not Recommended,403190,18718164,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,grumble314,For a game that's not in early access it is sure missing a few BASIC things the list of keybaord shortcuts anywhere and the ability to change them.  I somehow managed to lock two building and there is nothing that tells you how you did it or how to undo it.
,Recommended,403190,32525293,Posted: 17 June,all,RustedPork,"- Power goes out, I've been hit by meteors- I have 124 colonists living in my base- Food stops growing, water stops flowing- Crap.- ""123 colonists died from hunger""0_o10/10 would delete save again!"
76561197976820257,Not Recommended,403190,33583750,Posted: 16 July,all,presence,I absolutely love this game...except the AI is so terrible I can't play it anymore. Please revamp the AI dev team!
76561198042052395,Not Recommended,403190,24877736,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Chemical Scum,"Game is still broken. Colonists die of starvation in spite of having all necessities (such as vegetables, meat, meal makers, and places to sit and have their meal). Biologists idle while starving to death instead of tending to the source of their food (they're dying next to the plants they're supposed to tend). I've had successful colonies die because I built a new canteen, to ensure my intellectually handicapped (actually, that's unfair, even the intellectually handicapped eat when they get hungry) colonists eat, only to have them starve to death because the new canteen was out of their way compared to where they work (there are other canteens with free meal makers and seats closer to where they work, but they choose the one furthest away so they could die instead). I've built telescopes to ensure that my colony doesn't get hit by asteroids, but my engineers, in spite of being the dominant number among my colonists (I made them dominant specifically because I saw that they're not manning the prioritized command centre), choose to idle instead of manning the command center (thus resulting in multiple asteroids hitting the base).In short, this game is not a space base simulator. It's an exercise in keeping idiots alive. The only redeeming factor here is that I understand why these colonists were sent to another planet, to live there. Whatever population they originated from must have decided that they cannot risk genetic contamination from such useless beings, and so sent them off to another world to get rid of them.If you want to play a survival base game, go play Banished. You'll get a much better game and less frustration."
,Recommended,403190,18563949,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,beartech,"A-mazing. Just a great, slow, methodical, strategic building game. I can easily see this making my favorite games of all-time list."
76561198000582342,Not Recommended,403190,18522172,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,DV8,Game's got no soul. Shame though.
76561197978521813,Not Recommended,403190,26013108,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Drain Bamage,"Game has AI issues that the Dev denies.if you try this simple test it will take less than 2hr to see the fault their productivity/task que.build to the point you get the self sufficent milestone. just build what is needed to get that milestone.even if you are not over producing, even when your workers are not hungry, thirsty, tierd, unhappy, there are no debuffs over their heads. and if you just built to the self sufficent milestone they shouldnt be travening too far..that coveres all of his excuses as to why they dont produce materials. yet the workers still will sit idle far more than they will work a metal/plastic processor, when its loaded with the full materials. they just stand around idle.poor excuses, blaming others for a poorly balanced system, is not very professional... i understand he is trying to limit production. but alot of people see how he has done this as a failure of the ia. it makes the game feel broken.some of the forum trolls are quite sour about pointing out flaws in the ai, and wont even test and prove it to them selves.so. to the intelligent people with common sence. test it for your self. you can basicly just do what i did, and watch the workers. if after 10 minutes you arent happy with how terrable their work ethic is, return the game and ask that he improves the overall work ethics. =Dother than that poorly balanced funnel that makes the game feel broken.. its a good game!"
76561197969202706,Not Recommended,403190,18549505,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Fulby,"I enjoyed Spacebase for a short while but it doesn't have enough longevity for a £15 game - I'd put it more in the £7-8 range. It's a lot like Spacebase DS-9 in that once you've built one of each structure, there's not much more to see content wise. It doesn't have anything like the content of Banished or the depth and variety of Rimworld. I enjoyed setting up my first base, but the other starting options only change the difficulty in getting the essentials in place and don't offer enough to change the gameplay.Possibly mods or the developers will expand on the game as it has a good concept and aethetic. Here are some changes which I think would improve the game:* More variety and interesting choices. Apart from choosing which crops to use, there's one obviously best way to gain each resource - and mostly only one way at all if you exclude trading, which is too expensive to use as a standard option. For instance how about being able to grow starch in vats tended by engineers or workers - that requires a trade off between worker types you would have to consider.* An interface which shows the important data all the time. The power/air/water readouts could easily be in a corner of the screen. Same with the time controls and alert buttons. You have to flick between viewing inventory and day/wind data, when both would fit on the screen fine. I'm guessing the developers wanted a minimalist GUI but it gets in the way of playing. I spent most of my time tapping F2, F4 and F6.* Related to the above, don't require so many mouse clicks. To build you click once on build, then on internal or external, then on the building. The first two could easily be combined - either have internal and external on the main option bar or list both building types on the same panel but separated.* There are three bot types but you limit the number of overall bots - it would make more sense to see desired limits for each type.* Split the alert system into guard state, medic state, and civilian ""all stay indoors"" / ""non-essential stay indoors"" / ""can go outdoors"" modes to give better control.* Better placement mechanics - once a base gets crowded, it's possible to remove a building to see it another will fit in its place, find it can't (which is fine) then be unable to place the original back (which isn't fine). A grid snap or visual guide to show how much space to leave would help.* Allow raising the priority of components within domes as the current system encourages dedicated domes (i.e. processing domes with only metal processors).* Improve combat. If one guard and one intruder face off they both die - being able to make better guns or armour to change the balance (and have a bit more variety of enemies) would help. Either more control over guards or better AI would help too.Overall the game is a bit of a disappointment - it's stable and looks good but is let down by a lack of depth. If you want something which is fun for a single playthrough then buy it on that basis, but it's not got the replayability I expect from colony simulators hence I recommend against it."
,Not Recommended,403190,18592637,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Emerald,"Satisifying, but definately not worth the full price.I keep coming back to it, however. A good game, just not a deep or particularly long one."
,Recommended,403190,18895179,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Gekkibi,"I've been playing Planetbase since the release, but I decided not to write a review before the game is in a proper state. I didn't want to give it a negative review because horrible AI aside the game is excellent. Patch 1.0.6 fixed it, and I can now call it a released game.""Long"" review: The game is more or less Banished on other planets. It has the same good and bad things Banished has: at first it is difficult and knocks you over before you learn how the mechanics work and what you should and shouldn't do. RNG is part of the sub-genre, so you have to accept the fact that some colonies are doomed to die because of RNG gods said so. Excellent game, and I recommend it to players who enjoy RNG, survival-based management games, plausible near-future space exploration and citybuilders.Short review: Buy it.To the developers: Consider using Early Access the next time you're developing a game (and I hope you are, because the interaction between the customers and the devs have been quite good). It is very important that the released game is in a good state, and unfortunately Planetbase wasn't. It gave a bad first impression and publicity."
,Not Recommended,403190,31218999,Posted: 18 April,all,Vɪsᴄᴏsɪᴛʏ,"The developers hd a good thing going to start with, plenty of base content, and plenty of enthusiastic players. However they only ended up releasing the base content and have yet to form another update since I purchased this game. The game isn' worth $20 at most it would be worth about $5."
,Recommended,403190,31567917,Posted: 5 May,all,SHOCKCABLE,Liked it. Got a trainer for it.Pros:Unique base building type gameUnique buildingsCons:Can get overwhelming with the micro managing of allWith out a trainer this one gets annoying rather than fun.OVERALL:6/10
76561198021912176,Not Recommended,403190,18683560,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,NoKlu,Good game. Good concept.NEEDS MORE CONTENT.
76561197977786334,Recommended,403190,18621996,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,TeknoTel,"I dont normally review games but I have to say I am bemused  with the negative reviews for this game and have decided to leave my opnion as some people may find it useful.So far I can see two negatives points being made as reason for the game being poorly reviewed, one I strongly disagree with and one I agree with somewhat however feel that to give this a negative review based on these two points is extremely misleading and makes me question the motives of the reviewers as this is a very fun building / economy management sim. Any real fans of this genre will feel right at home with this and 20 - 50 hours of fun for 12 pounds is a good deal in my opnion.Here are the points:1) AI is garbage.In my 20 something hours of gameplay I have experienced poor AI on one occasion. A constructor basically stopped working and would go to work on something, but then stop immediately and idle. I deleted the node he was trying to work on, and he started working again.That is it. I have built a base with everything in it, 150 population and 80 robots. That is the only AI error I have encountered.I think people are missing a core mechanic of the game and confusing it with AI not working. Let me explain.When your colonists needs become severe (orange  - red), they stop working. The only thing they will do is try to fulfill that need.  Guess what, if you cant fulfill that need, they wont work again. If you have no colonists that are free to work, well you lost the game. Time to rethink your build and start over.In one negative review (the most popular one), the reviewer explains that even though his colonist was carrying food, he was starving to death and  this means the AI is garbage.What it really means is the reviewer does not understand the mechanics of the game let me explain. So you can only be carrying raw food which is grown in your bio sphere or in your lab. This is not ready to eat. For it to be ready to eat it needs to be delivered to your meal maker which in turn uses it to produce a meal ready for your colonists consumption. There is the possibility he may have been carrying a meal which you have imported yes. however it still needs to be carried to the meal maker for it to be consumed by a colonist.Now remember colonists wont do any work if their needs are severe, so no matter how many meals you have or raw food, if there is no meals ready in the meal maker/s, and all your colonists are starving, well its gg.Once you understand the mechanics you make sure you are always one step ahead. Power supply, food production, meeting needs of colonists, the golden rule is dont over expand if you havent considered the impact it will have on your economy and havent sufficently upgraded your infratructure to incorporate it.Blaming poor AI in my opinion is because players do not understand the mechanics of the game. As stated in 22 hours I have had to restart maybe 6-8 times, however every time I learnt something which my made my next base much better. The reviewer also talks about The more colonists you get the more of a problem this is, however in my opinion this is the complete opposite. The more colonists you have the  easier it is to maintain colonist needs as if some stop working due to `their needs being sever others take over the work and you can in time fulfill the needs of all.You may find it unrealistic that a colonist starves whilst there is raw food available, that is fair enough. But that is not poor AI, This is a core and valuable game mechanic, which is part of the games challenge.I hope that clears this issue up for some people.2) The game lacks depthI agree. Right now I believe there is 40-60 hours of game play here. This will involve you building all the buildings available and creating a successful base on each of the planets available right now.There could be so much more to what is a fantastic core game. More buildings, more resources, more needs and more events. Rival planet bases inhabiting the same planet of you. And my main suggestion once all the things I have mentioned and more have been added, a campaign.I think this games is perfectly set up for a campaign each with diferent objectives etc. For example you get a base with a robot facility and X amount of semi conductors, however you can not recruit workers on this planet etc. (some tweaks to job roles maybe required but you get the idea).The ideas mentioned could turn this game from a great little city builder with 40-60 hours of gameplay to a all time classic with 100s of hours.SummaryDespite the poor reviews this is actually a highly polished and extremely cohesive and fully functioning economy/city builder simulation, which will provide you with 40-60 hours of absorbing, challenging and fun gameplay.If you like this genre and enjoy games which are a challenge and require you to use your brain in order to progress then this really is a must buy."
76561198135162663,Not Recommended,403190,18593192,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,jathomas,"The AI is terrible, as everyone's saying. I WANT to LOVE this game, and tell the world. If they fix it, I will. Right now, it's too frustrating to play.Food management is annoying. As soon as I encountered it, the game lost interest for me, immediately. If the interface for balanced meals is clear and easy, great. If the bar doesn't keep sucking down vegetables as fast as colonists can drink them, fine. AI's are smart enough to select the correct meals, terrific. Until those things are taken care of, stubbornly keeping this feature is hurting the game. Once the interface is better, MAYBE balanced meals will be a fun feature, but for now it's a difficult-to-control micromanagement factor which takes away from the rest of this great game."
,Not Recommended,403190,32184764,Posted: 4 June,all,somnambulist,"This game has a TON of potential, but unfortunately the devs have ceased development on it.The learning curve is very easy to pick up, and there's enough of a challenge to keep it interesting in the beginning. However, the small variety of domes (the building blocks of the game) leaves you with very little replay value. Once you figure out a basic strategy, the game doesn't have much replay value.This was on sale for nearly half off when I bought it. For that big of a discount, it was a great timesucker! I hope the devs expand on this soon, but for now it's not really worth the normal asking price."
76561198030735198,Not Recommended,403190,19066557,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,rossuc82,Literally the most predictably frustrating thing I've ever seen.  Build for about an hour.  Enjoy a power outage.   Slowly watch all your lemmings starve to death for two hours.  Do something else.
76561198108151575,Recommended,403190,23027888,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Helfdane,"I rarely write a review, but felt I owed one on this title.If you like Startopia and Banished, then you'll love this one. It's basically a ""stay alive"" simulation. Build your base, grow it, but keep an eye out on food/sleeping areas/production. It happened to me a few times now that I am sailing a smooth run with 400 inhabitants and in 10 minutes all are dead. Keeps ya sharp :)Graphics are nice, sound is cool. Some minor glitches like unskippable cutscenes etc, but overall a very decent game to have in your portfolio. Thumbs up for this one!"
76561197979548420,Recommended,403190,22222607,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Andreis,"+1:Immersive game, easily sucks you in for hours.Decent challenge in spite of the death of nefarious actors; the devs clearly know what the E in PvE means.Rate of actions required seems well balanced.Time warp provides some control over the rate of actions.Base building has a nice flow to it.Observe, set a goal, make a change, swing through the base rebalancing, repeat.Opportunities for improvement:Colonists are morons and the prioritization button has no apparent effect.Your colonists can easily die of hunger when they have plenty of plants and tissue synths.Your colonists can easily die of thirst because no one wants to build the water fountain you plotted even though there is a ton of water on hand and plenty of plastic to build with.Biologists will spend time sleeping to top off 20% energy even when there is a food shortage and plants are poorly tended.During a food shortage, biologists will die first rather than feed themselves to give the colony a hope of survival.When the biologists start dying off, no one else will bother to water the garden.There is no way to send builders off with the colony shuttle when they start to get replaced by bots.There is no way to re-train colonists to other jobs.Site selection appears to be meaningful but the lack of information on the map makes it hard to tell what the characteristics of a given spot are.Advice for new players:Over build food, water, power, and spare parts by a lot.Expand slowly and build one thing at a time.The priority button is meaningless, colonists will distribute resources among every structure queued for construction rather than trying to complete one and move on.Adjust the landing pad to target something like 45% Biologists, 40% Engineers, and 5% for the rest. Workers become less useful as you replace them with bots but they still consume the same resources."
,Recommended,403190,18702867,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,PandaBoy,"Look, Yes this game has its bugs and its flaws but its fun! It has so much going for it and it would be a shame if you didnt give it a try (now that steam gives refunds).This game has not been out very long so its expected to have its kinks, but the devs have fixed issues and released patches, its not like they released it and left.Personally i love this game. I havent seen a city builder like this in a while worth playing and I wouldnt let a few bad reveiws discourage you from giving it a chance. Mind you, this game is VERY hard. Its lots and lots of trail and error but once you get a base going for more then a week, its so rewarding, Even though the game doesnt pop up a thousand achievements in your face the satisfaction of building a bas that works is worth itGive this game a try."
76561197970655913,Recommended,403190,22230436,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,jztemple,"I got the game after it had been updated to version 1.1 and I'm really enjoying it. I've read the other reviews and while I agree with some points, I think that there has been a lot of negative emphasis placed on the inability to control the crew of your base. However, I think I understand the intent of the developers; the challenge of the game is that you are the boss, but like a real life boss, you can't really control what your people do, you can only provide the means, the motivation and the encouragement.In twelve hours I've had no crashes and nothing weird happen; the game runs just fine. It also looks very nice as well. The interface is well designed and is easy to pick up quickly. There is a lot of visual feedback in the game, making it much better than staring at a bunch of spreadsheets.The only gripe I've had so far is that I've found that the buildable area is limited by invisible means; I was building towards an open plan when I discovered that I could no longer add items. If I ""backed"" the camera towards this artificial edge I could tell where it came to a stop, but when looked at the other way (facing ""out"" from the interior of the buildable area) there was no indication that there was a limit. It's not a big deal, once I understood it was there I was able to allow for it, but it would have been nice for the developers to add a function that would highlight the actual buildable area.So, it's a Highly Recommended rating from me."
76561198140014572,Recommended,403190,24846932,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Killer dog,"I use to think that this game was horible,it had♥♥♥♥♥♥AI,but after coming back to this game after months this game became a lot better then it was before,the AI is no longer brain dead,and the gameplay is much better."
,Not Recommended,403190,24505731,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,spechter,"Game is fun, lacks a little longterm motivation. If you're into some short fun give it a try.Totally not recommended for stopping Linuxsupport without a warning."
,Not Recommended,403190,20667830,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,gatherer818,"Colonist AI is terrible.  Like, my ""Biologists"" (the only people allowed to grow food) ignored the BioDome for five entire days while every plant was red (not growing because it hadn't been tended for too long) and just walked in and out of the airlock (tying it up and slowing every other colonist down that needed to pass through) for five days until everyone starved.  RIP my third base.  If there was any way to get a colonist to DO HIS JOB occasionally this game might be really good.  I wouldn't know."
76561198169066119,Recommended,403190,31204970,Posted: 17 April,all,Warfl,"The A.I is a bit weird, but other then that it is a good game."
,Recommended,403190,22829774,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,TheStardomGamer,"Very addictive casual game. If you like space and base building, you'll enjoy this game."
,Recommended,403190,20612052,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,2042Third,Good game!!
76561198006376629,Not Recommended,403190,22138647,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,kiljoy001,"In a few words, this game is not worth the price. While the look and feel of the game is great, the AI and the fact that you cannot directly control any of the colonist, robots etc will make this game extremely fustrating. I tried a few colonies and it seems that the AI seems to forget about doing anything beyond eating and drinking. They stop building, do not prioritize (even if you prioritize a production item) and basically loiter around twiddling their thumbs.Frankly, since you can't tell them what the hell to do, they are going to die while the base shuts down.Plain annoying."
,Recommended,403190,23226486,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Kauffy,"It's basically Banished in space, though it lacks in some of Banished's delicate balancing. Also, it seems to be pretty easy compared to Banished.If you've never played Banished, then it will seem pretty fresh and original."
76561198123665560,Recommended,403190,23194349,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,Rufusbuzz,Planetbase is very fun and challenging. The people are enraging and I would want creative mode but all in all a 9/10
76561198284034580,Recommended,403190,24364246,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,La Bulla,so fun you colud play for 300+ hours
,Recommended,403190,19475885,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,appaloosa51,TOTALLY AMAZING ! ... one of the top colony games of all time ! ... it will engulf u in making your mind think on what to do and how to do it ... top highly recommended especially if u have a high end computer with a top graphics card ... works totally awesome with Nvidia Titan ... they say its not AI .. but when u play its totally AI and thinks ... I cant wait for any add on's or other thingys or updates ... this game is the best ever created of all time for colony creation ... the graphics r totally awesome detailed and super glorious ! ... I got this as my Christmas present this year for my self ... it is one of my totlaly awesome Christmas presents ever ! .... a two thumbs up and 10 stars to the creators of this game and looking for any updates to follow that will enhance this game ... if u r thinking about getting this game please do because in my opinion this game will blow your mind away in total realism on a planet ... will u survive ... now a toast of whiskey to the creators of the this game .. I raise my shot glass and cheers ! ... MORE WHISKEY ! ... totally awesome ... totally amazing .. it will blow u away ! ...
76561198027449921,Recommended,403190,19429742,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,cygnus09,I am so addicted to this game.  It is VERY fun and worth the money you spend.
76561198083624043,Recommended,403190,19083755,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,Bullwinkle,"I really wanted to like this game, but don't get your hopes up. Playing Planetbase is like dating a dumb beauty queen. 12 hours in I've had a lot of fun. She looks great and is extremely well-polished. But there is a lot about this game that just doesn't deliver to a satisfying depth. Why is it forbidden to build telescopes on top of hills? Why does trading have to be so repetitive? So much of this game is repetitive it does get old: like a 12 hour car ride with Miss North Dakota.If you love the genre, you will have fun with this for somewhere between 10 and 100 hours. But this isn't the game you'll marry. The depth just isn't there yet. There is a ton of stuff they could do to make this truly awesome, and maybe someday they will, but shortly after launch there isn't enough content, variety or depth to justify the $20 pricetag. But I do recommend blowing the money any way because the game does what it does very well. Just understand you will be blowing $20 for a couple of evenings with a beautiful dumb blonde, and then you will be moving on.TLDR: Just like chewing gum: very tasty for a short while, then blah."
,Not Recommended,403190,20739800,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Inspector 7,"The good:- Graphics- UIThe bad:- the game is essentially pointless after you become self sufficient- more colonists = more problems- Althought you can prioritize buildings and objects, you cannot control what your colonists/bots doI spent 14 hours playing and im done. It had a lot of potential as a concept but it isn't a fun game."
76561198067255791,Not Recommended,403190,22205675,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,343 Guiltyspark,Basically what would happen if NASA colonized Mars with hippies with no self preservation instinct.
76561198035336138,Recommended,403190,18998252,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,alden.robbins,Super game..love it.
,Recommended,403190,26066811,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Beugnen,It's Banished in space!Love it! :)Nuff said
,Recommended,403190,21054022,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Mia Ishata,"So Planetbase, first time i have heard about this game is after i found a video on Youtube of someone introducing it. As i saw the gameplay i was totally convinced this is my sort of thing, even tho he only showed the start of it.So now i bought it and sunk multiple hours in it and i must say, for a non-early access im abit dissapointed.I wont write a big wall of text so i make it short.The major problem is the AI of each colonist in the game. Sometimes they take the longest possible Paths or ignore priority of certain functions they have to fulfill. I wouldnt say i didnt find any more problems then this and give it a good rating but the AI is so bad it will kill your entire gameplay experience.Now for the long part!How to fix this? Well only the dev can do it, but you and me can find solutions for it and suggest changes. And so i will.1. ""Uh.. What am i doing? Where do i work? Ah i will just idle in the corridor here.""Probably my biggest issue here. While i see its the appeal of the game just to set everything up for your little AI minions to do their own thing with, it does certainly not help the game out. The only priority control you get is for some workplaces and yet-to-be-built domes, even with that its not sufficient of how you can plan on getting enough susitance for your colonists. Building things is always prioritized even tho the same materials are required to build important components like Spare Parts. So Dev, please, Give us a function where we can assign staff to certain room/functions to have them stop wandering all over the place!2. ""I just ate.. well i guess i can go eat some more anyway.""Problem here is that alot of times Colonists would go and consume any resource of time to use a bed or something like that to replenish their lil Bars, even tho these are still in the green. Not only does it waste the food you accumulated. It also prevents them from working efficient, espicially when they have longer walkpaths. To fix this is easy, let them go for what they need only if the status reaches the red or orange area. If those reach 0 they shouldnt just die like that, how about a healthbar or them refusing to work until they got what they want?3. ""Sheesh dude, when i go to work to maintain all those vegies, i must always walk some sort of marathon!""Noteable issue here is that you cannot easily replace buildings or upgrade their size to create more efficient room, most importantly Biodomes for food. You will end up building like 3 over a large scale of your base which has a siginificant issue with the AI of your botanists. Sometimes one of them does not get required maintenance and sometimes they even ignore the domes they are close to just to work on one far away. Unless you have already a plan on how best to build with said efficienty a fix would be the one i mentioned in issue 1.4. ""Outage again? Damn this electricity system is wonky nowdays..""While i cant say this is a major issue but its something that needs to be adressed. Often times you will notice outages during the night because (obviously) your solar panels cant give you any energy on it. So you end up building Windmills right? Well, yeah, if you are lucky enough to have wind happening during the night. I fixed this problem by building alot.. a unneccesary lot of Energy storages to make sure i make it through the night, but those ended up taking so many building materials that my gameplay experience was slowed down a bunch. I ended up using windmills only to reduce the loss of power during the night if i didnt have enough resources to keep up with the power-storages. So.. A fix? Well one idea would be is to give the storages more carrying capacity. Or have electricity you created be more efficient (Use less over time.) Of course another source of electricity would help too.This is more of a review of the games issues, so i will not rate the game, but i definitly recommend to follow it if it still recieves its share of development. I did notice it still recieves updates and i hope my opinion gets recognized, not just for me but for those with the same issues like i have."
76561197995827407,Recommended,403190,24351010,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Stuff0815,"Had a well running colony, went to eat lunch, and when came back most of my colonist starved.Feel like Kim Jong Un!Would do it again. ;)Seriously now.First I thought the game is bad. I wanted it for a long time, and when it got finally cheaper I bought it.Tutorial made me think ""oh, should get a refund, it is so bad!""But also thought ""I wanted it so long time, and not want all time refund for bad decissions, have to live with it""Now I am happy I kept it. It seems so simply, but in this simplicity is the special motivation. Maybe could be seen as ""Sim Ant 2016"". Your colonist are like ants, and you have to give them the ""way"" to do it on their own. Some small mistakes in planing can have huge effect (like I saw with my lunch break).Give this game a chance. Skip tutorial and try it. Tutorial was really a ""refund wis giver"""
76561198007564934,Recommended,403190,24332650,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Razorhead,Nice game. Just in depth enough to be a fun diversion for while. Hoping for some addtional content soon though. :)
76561198041812857,Recommended,403190,20717317,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,KJTB8,"This is a great game.  Don't let the old negative reviews fool you, like they almost did me!I've played this game for a few tens of hours now, and I think its great.  Its kind of a 'Banished' crossed with 'Evil Genius' painted with a sci-fi brush.  If you've played and enjoyed those games, I'd hazard to guess that you'll like this as well.Some people have been complaining about the AI - but then I don't think I've played a game like this where people DIDN'T complain about the AI.  Once you realise that the AI has limitations, you can easily plan your base to meet them.  In fact, it's not even really fair to say the AI has limitations (while it obviously does), it could just as easily be a designers decision.For all the earlier complaints, I've never had anyone starve to death in a room full or food, or die of dehydration next to a drinking fountain.  What I HAVE had is hours of enjoyment planning and designing my base, managing power, water and food requirements of my colonists all the while tring to lay a path forward to true sustainability, and enjoying the breezy soundtrack.I'm pretty sure I'll get tens of hours more enjoyment from this game, if not more.  It really is quite great.TL;DRBuy this game if you like management games, and don't let the people complaining about AI fool you - this game is great."
,Recommended,403190,22126949,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,mr. david,Fantastic game! :)
,Not Recommended,403190,18884628,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Knifeydacat,"stupid, finnicky, not fun, ever."
76561198023002932,Recommended,403190,21172794,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,cripple,You may think youre self sufficient but youre not (I_I)And my one pioneer is named : H.A Gay
76561198023664015,Recommended,403190,19134092,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,tony.fudge,i like city builders and have given this a go its different and makes you think about the servial of your people if you liked banished you will like this.
,Recommended,403190,19133991,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,Syan,"Well... Where to start, this game is pretty hard, mostly when you don't even know how to start. Yes... well, so how could you ever play it, without failing? You cannot, which is basically the purpose of this game. Challenge and Achieve. The logic? There is no logic? The air? There is no air. This game is based on balancing, and establishing welfare. Hard, but definitely worth it!"
,Recommended,403190,21239308,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,AcidicFlame19,"I absolutely love this game! I've had for about a week now and I've played for nearly 24 hours while going to school. I highly recommend this game to anyone interested, it's worth the $20 I spent on it. And there is no shortage of gameplay, if you complete all achievements, build the biggest base you possibly can!"
76561198165779362,Recommended,403190,28920734,Posted: 1 January,all,whelan_matt,"Great game, maybe a little too frustrating and hard if I had to criticiseReally fun though. do the tutorials or you'll regret it and even read up on tips afterwards because as I said above it's a tough game, rewarding once you get a nice base on the go thoughsolid 8/10 and well worth a purchase"
76561198067741639,Recommended,403190,29295662,Posted: 16 January,all,a walrus (oㅠo),Why the ♥♥♥♥ are the AI so♥♥♥♥♥♥Bioligist are making food because theyre hungry when there is so much ♥♥♥♥ing food and starve to death trying to make the food and now there's no bioligist left to make the ♥♥♥♥ing food and everyone dies yay
76561198014442688,Recommended,403190,18692302,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Fingers,"A thoroughly enjoyable experience. As with any good sim/city builder, it takes some time, and repeated resetting of your colony to understand better how your AI works, what your limitations are, and when to put orders in place to ensure you dont hit catastrophe (focusing on spares production when stocks are low seems to be the chief of these). All in all, after 20 hours gameplay, I feel I have enough handle on the game that I can easily clock up all available achievements, but having only three worlds to access, I would have liked to see more expansion and different maps/areas/exploration into the universe, as while I feel I could tick off those achievements, theres nothing really... driving me to achieve them except acheivements for achievements sake."
76561197971067338,Recommended,403190,19024058,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,)o(Analog,"When I think of Planetbase, I think of a base building arcade game. I don't use the word ""Sim"" because If you are digging into the pros and cons of this game then I think you will find the biggest negative is depth, you can do just a fraction of what you could do in something like SimCity or Cities etc.On the flip side, that is only a con if that is what you are expecting and looking for in this game IMO, Planetbase is only $20 and it should provide you with twice that in hours of fun, what it lacks in depth it makes up for in catchy graphics, base building, trading, helping travelers etc with enough freedom of how you build things to keep you on your toes from start until self efficiency (another reason why I say arcade over Sim, it feels a bit more action orientated to me).Until you play a bit you might find starting out a little challenging, one suggestion that stood out for me with this game was ""take it slow"", it's to easy in this game to try and build (and/or process) too many things at the same time dividing up resources and taking everything longer to build/process and a LOT of times (especially at the start), time is key if you are losing power or water or waiting for spares. Try to focus on what you need ""now"" and just think of the next thing once you have all/most of the the resources for whatever you are currently doing.Also, make sure you create the means to make metal before you use all the metal you start with or, well, game ova!"
76561198024396649,Recommended,403190,22682035,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,TristanD79 (DJ StankDaddy),"As someone who loves anything to do with space, I find this game is right up my street. It is a very fun game, that I believe and hope will be continued to be developed. It seems like there is a large of amount of pathways that can be taken to further expand the game, which I hope will happen.Overall a very cool game, which I think is one of the best of it's kind. It's not overly complex, there is a little bit of thinking, such as what to build first, and the sub-sequential build order, as well as the positioning of structures, and what colonist ratio is needed, which makes a nice challenge.One thing I will pick up on though, is the level difficulty of the planets. There are four planets with different environments;- Class D (Desert Planet) > ACCESSIBLE < Meteor's + Sandstorm's + ~50% Flat Surface- Class F (Frozen Planet) > CHALLENGING < Blizzard's + ~45% Flat Surface- Class M (Gas Giant Moon) > OVERWHELMING < Meteor's + Solar Flare's + No Atmosphere + ~55% Flat Surface- Class S (Storm Planet) > SUICIDE < Thunderstorm's + ~30% Flat Surface + ~10% Water Covered SurfaceNow I believe the level of difficulty to be in the wrong order, not something that ruins the game, but still annoying.The Desert Planet > is easy. The unique Sandstorm's really aren't that big of a deal, they do mild wear to certain power structures, and mild damage to colonists overtime, but they also provide a large amount of Wind power. Meteor's are rare but can still be a pain early in the game. Space is a mild concern.The Frozen Planet > is very similar to the Desert Planet, but easier. Sandstorm's are replaced by Blizzard's, which also deal mild damage to colonists and certain structures overtime as well as increasing the Wind strength. You may have slightly less space, but the fact there are no Meteor's at all, makes this planet easier.The Gas Giant Moon > is by far the hardest. There is no atmosphere so you don't have the option of Wind power to sustain you through the night, so you must solely rely on Solar power. You are constantly bombarded with Meteor's, and additionally there is now Solar Flare's which are a real annoyance. If it's early in the game and your colonist is outside when it hits, you can pretty much say GAME OVER!The Storm Planet > isn't the hardest. You may have slightly less room to operate in due to lakes and large mountains, but there is still adequate space. Instead of Sandstorm's or Blizzard's, Thunderstorm's take place. This is by far nicer, as they are much more regular then the other two. You may wonder why I say ""nicer"", and I do because they provide energy more frequently, and with the simple addition of one building (which you can easily build from the start without drawing to much from your resources) protect your buildings and hence your colonists, and pretty much take the only danger of this planet out of the game, leaving it as not a 'Con' but a 'Pro'.So in my opinion, the planet difficulty should be more like this;- Class F (Frozen Planet) > ACCESSIBLE < Blizzard's + ~45% Flat Surface- Class D (Desert Planet) > CHALLENGING < Meteor's + Sandstorm's + ~50% Flat Surface- Class S (Storm Planet) > CHALLENGING < Thunderstorm's + ~30% Flat Surface + ~10% Water Covered Surface- Class M (Gas Giant Moon) >  OVERWHELMING/SUICIDE < Meteor's + Solar Flare's + No Atmosphere + ~55% Flat SurfaceIf I could change one more thing, it would be that something happens after you have built your base. Although a challenge, in reality one would not simply stop at building a base on a planet, you would then proceed to terraform, but as I mentioned earlier ""there is a large of amount of pathways that can be taken to further expand the game""!Overall?In my opinion it's worth a try."
,Recommended,403190,21417824,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Dead meme,"i love the game to death but it gets stale after a little while. about ten of my hours are colonies that had colonist ai too dumb to make spares even with the required materials. but finally i was able to trick the ai into doing its job and i now have a very prosperous base, which is the issue. not enough real endgame techs or buildings/items. the game is fun and difficult. but seriously the ai is atrociously bad. the bots actually have better ai than the humans. the game has eat mechanics though. (kind of an odd idea) maybe give us a larger area to use but have some parts occupied by other colonies that we can attack? or sabotage? like a magnet gun thing operated with a telescope that can redirect asteroids in the other base?"
76561198314461268,Recommended,403190,24305244,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,LazyLama101,Amazing i love it real fun
,Recommended,403190,26152351,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,Menghia,"A mindless, yet enjoyable waste of time.   Mildly recomment the game."
,Recommended,403190,26176853,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Honcho,Very nice game with a good amount of difficulty.Would love to see it expand
,Recommended,403190,26228245,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,nyesss,"This game is great, but..  You have to start out small otherwise you'll burn resources and materials quickly."
76561198125573262,Recommended,403190,31230070,Posted: 18 April,all,the 13th monkey,"biologist stop working i swear for no reason, never had negative water, was doing fine on energy. oxygen was never a problem. so biologist stop working, biologist are the first to starve, went from 9 to 0 in like two days. nothing i could do to make them work. i wish it was possible to specifically command people to go do something."
,Not Recommended,403190,29455598,Posted: 23 January,all,FuzzieChikun,"Very limited play. I felt like once I had expanded all the basic items, that was it."
,Not Recommended,403190,18944783,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,nsdwgod999,"if you dont have enough of one need filled, then why when somebody dies there is still not enough to go around. thumbs down!!!"
,Not Recommended,403190,25728340,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Nerdsauce,"This is a fun game to begin with, having to carefully plan out ahead of time where you're going to put your power and oxygen producing facilities versus your living facilities. And it's fun watching your colonists and bots running around getting things built and producing food and carefully managing what types of plants you grow, what tech you build and when etc.The fun stops, however, when the game decides to randomly go into a death-spiral of which there is often little to no recovery options from. This can be something as simple as something you overlooked earlier on in the game - such as growing too much of one kind of plant, but other times it can be down to something completely out of your control that makes no logical sense - such as having enough oxygen generators for 68 colonists, having only 57 colonists in your entire base and yet having the game randomly out of nowhere claim you don't have enough oxygen for everyone and then having you sitting there watching them all asphyxiate INSIDE an oxygen-rich environment (even if you build another oxygen generator, this apparently doesn't fix the issue). The worst one is having your colonists starve to death with food inside the Food Makers - and it's usually the biologists who die first due to dumb AI that places TASKS importance above personal NEEDS - where they will literally work to death instead of eating, or stand around idle watching TV. If your biologists die first and you don't get any replacements from a Colonist ship you can guarantee a death-spiral from which your colony cannot recover from - because apparently you can't train basic workers or engineers to take over their role in an emergency.Oh yes, and the death-spirals occur usually when you reach around a population of 50 and there's little to nothing you can do to put off or prevent these catastrophes from starting up - it's like the game is coded to start producing them from the get go."
76561198018631419,Recommended,403190,27025223,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Renegade01,This game may seem simple but the amount of strategy and patients you need to slowly or quickly create your colony is sometimes stressful. Definently sucks up alot of your time and is very self rewarding once you acheive stability!
76561198054687474,Recommended,403190,27899409,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Aomoi,"""Because One Rock is Not Enough""Nomination for The Steam Awards 2016I love simulation and construction games, and Planetbase is a beautiful game that cast a new look over them, yet the gameplay is still recognizable for those who have been in the genre for a while."
76561198136794372,Recommended,403190,18688117,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Pug,ok this is a great game with very complex mechanics always creating a problem that you have to fix and although the npc system and prioritys are lacking but they are being worked on and the natural disasters make it even more fun meaning that even if you have a stable and resourseful base it could hit a importian structure or a connector to you man power frame starving you of electricity and this game has alot of potential only being in early access
76561198077508881,Recommended,403190,22210102,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Hairy Gary,I dig it
,Recommended,403190,18565773,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,SokAl,"Pretty sufficient builder in space. Frustrating ""connection"" mechanic and dumb AI does not really help, but surprisingly I find it quite fun to play. Got high hopes for future updates tho."
,Recommended,403190,18520695,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Johnny Bravo[DegradSquad],"Built two solar panels, airlock, canteen, water extractor and an O2 generator. Then the night came and half my crew died because I ran out of energy and coudn't generate air. 10/10 would built windmills instead"
76561198000452831,Recommended,403190,18694251,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Aussie Lee,"An easy learning curve, but brutal if you don't plan ahead. Take time to slowly expand, and make certain you have the right resources in place before your next expansion.It's a fun game if you enjoy managing things."
76561198018910640,Recommended,403190,18699540,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,DaCrazySniper,"Excellent game.A ""city"" builder which punishes you for playing stupidly with the possible outcome that all your colonist will simply die.When successful you get the satisfaction of establishing an outer world colony!At first glimpse looked relatively simple, but was pleasantly surprised by level op depth."
,Recommended,403190,22347352,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Vayaka,"Great game. I love building games, and this one is really good. Thanks for constant updates and kepping in touch with the users."
,Recommended,403190,18555690,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Zaster,"Planetbase is a fun game, although it has unrealized potential. There are a few annoyances, like how where you're able to place buildings seems to be almost random at times, or how your colonists don't seem to work all that hard sometimes. Underlying all that is a great sim however, which will test your planning and strategy skill.The main problem with the game comes after you've reached around 50-60 population and you've built all of the buildings. There just isn't enough to keep you interested. You're shooting down all meteors, you're prediciting all solar flares and sand storms, and you don't really have to worry about your economy much any more because it's basically on autopilot. You end up doing pointless things like making 10 monoliths because there isn't else much going on. The prestige system doesn't seem to do much except make a few more visitors come every now and then, making it totally useless to even try to get over 200 out of 1000.All in all, I did enjoy it, and I will give it a thumbs up, however I still think that there's much that could be improved."
76561197999227532,Recommended,403190,18628181,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Paladin_Fin,"Its a good game, Well worth the price.Light space-colony building and managing game. Looks good too. I highly enjoyed it."
76561198093698806,Recommended,403190,18654209,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Doc Savage,"Not understanding the bad reviews of this one TBH.How you set up your base has a lot to do with some of the issues. The DEVs have been fixing some of the issues right along since release. I judge a game on what's there, not what I think the game shoulda//woulda/coulda/mighta been. More than enough to have fun with and lose a few hairs over, if it gets its mod support will be even better.I can work around the wind playing with you as it did any early sailor, disappearing when you need it most.I can almost handle the uncanny @#$% meteor strikes taking out places and people just when you get set.And then just when you get the base hurdles overcome people start shooting up the place. Nice twist that.The game has a wicked 6th sense... It gleefully pulls the strings just enough to make you wonder if HAL is involved.I've spent a lot of money. I've spent a lot of time.This one is more than welcome to a little of both.9/10."
,Recommended,403190,18589044,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,lanky14,"Like many others have suggested - this game is a bit rough around the edges. That doesn't stop it from being a ton of fun, though. Basically, if you liked Banished and you like space/scifi, you will have fun with this game. For 15 bucks you really can't go wrong.Others have gone into depth on the rough parts of this game so I won't touch them, however, I've already seen one patch go by in the 5 days this game has been released. So, the devs are paying attention. I have hope that the devs will continue to respond to community feedback and this game will get better and better.Get out there and settle mars! Just accept and plan accordingly for your highly trained space colonists to be a bit lacking in the cognitive department."
76561198175925662,Recommended,403190,19165314,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,Z U L T R A,this is a great game i have injoyed it
76561198043434119,Recommended,403190,18559407,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,RockerRollerOutOfController,"7 Bases...3 of them were killed because of aggressive expansion, leading to lack of resources and people to maintain everything3 of them didnt even last the first 5 minutes of the gameAnd the 7th base, my current one has gotten to the stage that they are producing guns.But they are running out of food.And It's on the easiest planet possible (The ""totally not mars"" planet)If you love difficult city builders, where your town actually has the real threat of getting killed, you'll love this. The A.I. have some issues with prioritization, and there is no way to make them build one structure over the other, but that can be averted with smart building.Hours in and I constantly worry that disaster will strike, as I tip toe in progression. Maybe It's not a coincidence that the bases that built the robotics factory are the ones that also died... Oh, well, time to build a robotics factory on my 7th base!"
,Not Recommended,403190,18561458,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Teflon Billy,"While the game's concept is wonderful, its execution leaves much to be desired, and Planetbase has become the first Steam purchase I've ever had refunded - and I bought into Starforge!I desperately wanted to love this game; the idea of growing and managing a ""realistic"" extraterrestrial colony is an itch I've needed to scratch for years, and when I saw this game on sale I scooped it up right away.But for all its potential, Planetbase has absolutely been a letdown for me. Here's why:1. The micromanagement system is terrible. You cannot control individual colonists, which is fine in some respects, but terrible in others. For example, every so often, solar flares or sandstorms threaten your colony and any colonist standing around outside during such a storm will suffer damage and eventually die. This means that keeping your colonists indoors during these events is essential, but the only way you can do this is by building a specific colony room, equipped with a specific control station. If you don't have the resources to build this, your colonists and their robot friends will simply stumble out into the jaws of death without a care in the world. This is a problem and it completely ruined the immersion element of this game (not to mention ruining my playthrough).2. Related to the first point, the AI is, in its current form, terrible. Absolutely none of your little people have any self-preservation drive and will happily wander out to their deaths, unless someone in a control room somewhere pushes a big yellow ""alert"" button to keep them from suiciding like a pack of highly educated lemmings. This isn't a feature; it's a bug.Your colony specialists will often stop what they're doing in the middle of a job and wander away to do something else, leaving what might in fact be a critical job undone. Rather than simply queuing up jobs one after the other, your colonists will instead work a job until they get bored or distracted, at which point they'll wander away and come back at some random future time.If a room is given priority of production, you might get colonists to go in there and work all of the machines present, or some of the machines, or only one machine for half of the time and another machine for another part of the time... it's something of a crap-shoot, really.Those are my biggest issues with the game, and they were big enough to convince me to ask for my money back before the 2-hour deadline expired.Who knows? Maybe Planetbase will improve with subsequent patches, but I don't pay money for promises or hopeful expectation; I pay for completed, polished games."
76561198041745657,Recommended,403190,18579870,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Live,For the price this game is definitly worth it. If you use your brain and think about where you're placing the different buildings you won't have any problems like the rest of these fools posting negative reviews.
,Recommended,403190,18582188,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,George W. Kush,"Very similar to Banished - a very difficult, survival simulation.Pros:- Nice looking, decent price- Long-haul resource development and trading- Cool conceptCons:- Hud could be updated to show power, water, and oxygen usage/demands- Lacks direct control of what colonists are doing- Not entirely clear how to balance resource demands"
76561198119200838,Not Recommended,403190,18586273,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,koboldhunter,"Had I known there was no pause button so you could plan out your base, I would not have wasted my money on this game."
,Recommended,403190,18536951,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Captain828,"Why do I recommend this game?It creates realistic storiesIn the few hours that I've played it so far (11h as of writing this), I've lost numerous bases:tutorial base (duration: ~30m)all my biologists died of asphyxiationeveryone else starved before I could finish the tutorial :(second time when a lot smoother :)my first proper base: Alpha (~1h)my single engineer suffocated during a sandstormthe constructor bot broke not long after thatso couldn't build anything else :(my second base: Beta (~1.5h)I got greedy while buildingfood ran out and biodome was not built in timeby the time it got built and crops were producing, everyone starved to death :(Gamma (~2h)solar flare irradiated all my workersmy medics rushed to give them aid, yet medical supplies were outsideso medics got irradiated as wellthey all died horrible deathsand with them my colony as I had no more production capabilites and no extra supplies :(Save-scum of Gamma (~5h)got very far with this one: 45 colonists, a landing pad, robotics etc.the solar flare irradiated a few of my workers, but past experience helped me manage it better, so no one diedasteroids claimed some 4 colonists, but landing pad ensured me with a constant supply of manpoweruntil an asteroid landed on my single large biodome where most of my biologists were working - 5 casualitieseven so, my remaining 2 biologists + the extra supply of food I had ensured the colony's survival until I got more manpower... and then another ♥♥♥♥ing 'roid landed (after some 30m) on my single large biodome where, again, most of my biologists were working6 of 10 biologists died and the food supply was weak from the last crippling meteor strikethe remaining 4 biologists struggled to keep production sufficient for the 40+ colonyyet eventually failed due to the ever-increasing deathrate caused by starvationwhich subsequently meant that close to no one would want to work in my colonyeveryone died of starvation in the end :(tried to further save-scum Gamma (for about an extra hour), but only managed to prolong the pain :(Fingers crossed for Delta!Btw, this is just on the FIRST PLANET... the easy one.The other two planets give you:less efficient power generationmore 'roidsmore flares"
76561198016473914,Not Recommended,403190,18557490,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,xDINGxYB,"This game is bad..but I can say they are making improvements but still needs work..ALOT OF WORK..AI still dont listen to jobs that you put at high priority, they do listen to rush build job commands but building supplies they stare at the machine and walk away..Personally i wouldnt waste my money on this mess..the game creators better be lucky i spent past 2 hrs trying to play the game"
,Recommended,403190,19238401,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Muumitalo,This... is... AWESOME!!! I love this because I like to build stuff and this is on Mars. How would Inot love this game. 10 out of freacking 10! :DD
,Recommended,403190,19173448,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,leggo,well worth the price.....absolutly love this game!
76561198194407486,Recommended,403190,19182315,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,Yetiman411,Wonderfull Simulation Game! Try to make your people stay alive on a planet with close to our age tech is quite astonishing for ideas.
,Recommended,403190,19221252,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,Vlad Schüler,"An awesome city(base?)-building game, close to Dwarf Fortress - and even closer to Banished -, but on a SciFi setting.Quite addictive and fun, but the lack of gameplay options may bore some players. The repetitive soundtrack can annoy you after a while, but it's a common feature of the genre, I guess.A nice improvement would be the implementation of a Workshop, as to allow players to develop and install mods.Overall, a 8/10 game."
,Recommended,403190,21961507,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,Vandrel,"I was hesitant at first to purchase after seeing some YouTube gameplay footage.  I didn't really get a good feel for the game then and some of the footage lead me to believe the game really wasn't all that great.  I ended up grabbing the game after weeks of inner debate and to my surprise it was quite addicting and really good.This game mixes together a few different styles and did so nicely.  At times I get a little SimCity feeling and other moments I feel like I'm playing Command and Conquer.Sadly it doesn't seem like there will be any new additions to the game in the future, according to a dev post on the forum.  For the price this game is listed for I'd still recommend getting it anyway if you like RTS and base-building.Lastly, I'd like to note that after the many hours I've played this game I have yet to experience a single bug or performance isssue.  The game runs smooth and loads quite fast.  One of the biggest complains people have of this game is the AI is dumber than a box of rocks, and sadly that part is somewhat true.  90% of the time the AI seemed to work fine for me but there were moments where the AI just seemed to go nuts and forget how to make food, eat, drink water, and sleep.  It can get frustrating when it happens.  Aside from that it is a great game."
,Recommended,403190,18533141,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,[THF] Synkro,"So far the game is fun and I like idea of the game but there are a few problems that need to be fixed. (Disregard my grammar skills Im a tard)1. Prioritizing tasks with colonists/robotsThe colonists basically have no free will or any sort of thought processes at all so when you start to build something their will be a random selection that will go and do the task which is usually fine but if one has really low hunger and they go out theres really no way of preventing them from doing the task without recycling the building.2. Malnu♥♥♥♥INGtritionThis was a big problem for me I dont know why maybe im just ♥♥♥♥ing stupid but I didnt know it was a thing until the one person who could fix it got it. This person was the medic. After he got malnutrition he just said ♥♥♥♥ it ♥♥♥♥ you ♥♥♥♥ this and just decided to not do his job at all. I couldnt get different foods out fast enough for him to get better so everyone else got it too. In turn everyone else started dicking around neglecting their jobs which eventually led to death.(BTW the medic should be able to administer his own health packs without being at a bed or anything)3. Starting resource numberOk listen... Im♥♥♥♥♥♥at video games. I dont really know how to handle the amount of resources they give you off the bat, now im not saying make it bigger but at least make it a number that we can change from the beginning. Also I don't know if im doing this wrong or what but the colonists never seem to store the extra food they make. It just piles up around the biodome waiting for use which really isnt a problem until you make too much food, but it looks bad at times.Well for now this is all I can really think of if you are decent at citybuilder type games like this than you shouldnt have too many problems but if you're a pleb like me then you might have some trouble. The game really is fun if you get it right and get past self-sustaining and keep thriving but if you mess up even 1 thing you can ruin everything fairly quickly.I do reccomend buying this game while it's on sale and for how the game plays all around it is pretty fun. Im running out of SPACE to write so yeah..."
76561198013363137,Recommended,403190,18539616,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Chop84,"If 'Space Colony' ever had a perfect companion, then this game is it."
76561198255810003,Not Recommended,403190,18540412,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,rob,"What a terrible mess. Relentless, repeated messages guaranteed to drive you insane - yes, I know my power's out, I heard you the first 13,000 times - constant, irrecoverable situations, non-prioritizable, non-sensicle li-fo build system, unselectable units when using components, complete lack of click-through from component to unit using the component, no hope of discovering which type of unit you need the most (if, indeed, a particular unit type might have saved me) and an unachievable, vertical build path from the get-go. Lack of keyboard controlled camera rotation ... the list goes on indefinitely, it seems.Could have been a lot of fun, but it really wasn't."
,Not Recommended,403190,18540909,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,sardaukar,"Interesting concept, but marred by pathfinding bugs for units, and apparent impossibility to grow your base over a certain size (colonists never go there). Shame"
76561197996780598,Not Recommended,403190,18543242,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Agamemnus,"Good for an alpha. Many little bugs and mis-features ruin the experience for me. Would not recommend until these issues are fixed or if the price goes to $5 or less.Controls / visuals:* I can't rotate the view angle up or down.* Sidewise rotation should be around the point I am looking at.*( After a sandstorm, colonists don't change their expression and are still walking around as if they had sand on their glass.Mechanics/bugs:* I don't like that mountains are just visual filler (with the exception of mines)* Big problem: you cannot give priority to building construction or repairs.* Only one priority grade.* After deleting a structure, you can't build on it for some time, for no reason at all. Looks like a bug to me.* Can't retrain colonists."
,Recommended,403190,18559810,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,vrmcardoso,"I Love the game. Thoroughly addictive and beautiful to look at. I don't understand all the negative reviews about the AI. I had no problems with it. People mention characters not using a given machine to produce crucial components even though they turn off every other machine, but that's probably because there is no oxigen in the room.I'm not sure all mechanics have been implemented yet, but I do think the game could use a bit more content. Still, what is there will keep you entertained for hours. Well worth the price. Banished did not grab me as much as this game."
76561198092249516,Recommended,403190,28396230,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,GM Segarus,The game is tough and makes you think about what you're doing. It's a great game.
76561198046602149,Recommended,403190,29178960,Posted: 11 January,all,rdpumgac,VERY GOOD GAME. FUN TO PLAY. THE ONLY PROBLEM BEING IT DOES GET A LITTLE REPETITIVE AT TIMES.
76561198082054146,Not Recommended,403190,30282344,Posted: 2 March,all,Double Down,"I love this game... for the first hour I start a new colony.  Once you have created self sufficiency, it is just like watching an ant farm.  Maybe if the game created new obstacles, challenges, buildings, customizations, a story, or anything else that could keep our attention longer than the first 10 days then I can recommend the game.  Until then, save your money."
,Recommended,403190,30646289,Posted: 20 March,all,ChannelMiner™,PlanetBase offers a unique experience and has a huge potential that has yet to be unleashed. The AI is a bit buggy but it is too early to just assume it'll be like that forever. The game is definitely worth buying.
,Recommended,403190,23491871,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Cartof,very nice and relaxing game but unfortunately the mouse is not confined to the primary monitor and sometimes i get it outside on the secondary monitor..https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h3Zt0e4U_tQ
,Recommended,403190,24627392,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,ermers,Awesome game!
,Recommended,403190,24631540,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,M00r30nic,I LIKE IT
76561197970354137,Not Recommended,403190,33821799,Posted: 26 July,all,Riski Raccoon,"This is a fun game for awhile, but it's so shallow that you quickly run out of things to do."
,Not Recommended,403190,24068838,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,RJNFC,"I cannot honestly recommend this game, because there are very few challenges later in the game. Once you get a base up and running and figure out how to manage your power/water/oxygen, almost nothing at all will happen to you while you continue to build. That is, unless you're on an asteroid planet and then you'll get pelted randomly. However, you can also build a gun to mitigate that threat as well. You will get the occasional armed intruder as well in larger bases. But all in all, this game desperately needs more variety. Counting on the player to screw up the build gets boring fast."
,Recommended,403190,29627358,Posted: 1 February,all,qahmad1981,"i lost my job while am playing this game!!i love power mangment and survival mode, i dont know how 100 Hour pass on my live like this.. but realy it was very fantastic time."
01010101111000011,Recommended,403190,33671875,Posted: 20 July,all,Swords,Addicting Mars colony simulator.
,Not Recommended,403190,33883839,Posted: 29 July,all,Zeus Of The Crows,"A promising and very pretty game, unfortunately let down due to the unerring stupidity of the AI."
,Recommended,403190,21140917,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Tech N Gamer,"Planetbase is a fun, addicting game. If you like space/exoplanets/planets that are not earth, then this game is for you. Yes it does have some bugs, but if you ignore them, then the game is quite fun and enjoyable. By the way, those bugs are only small bugs, 99% of the time."
76561198165026616,Recommended,403190,24299510,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Colino_H,"Dudes,THIS IS AN AMAZING GAME!!!!!!There are no bugs or glitches(well some yes) and the grafics are amazing seriously, AMAZING!!I  highly recommend this game for who likes space,cities,colonizzazion and difficulty!!!"
,Recommended,403190,22180012,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Snazzle,"It's ""Banished"" IN SPACE! What else do you need?"
76561198190710127,Not Recommended,403190,24380479,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,aubergine18,"Update: Several months after purchasing, the game hasn't changed much and my review is still the same.It starts out looking like it will be good game, but quickly proves shallow and becomes tedious. Main issues are:1. Producing resources takes forever; and it's really boring sitting there in fast forward speed waiting for single units of resource to be produced.2. In many cases, workers refuse to man the resource/production stations. At this point, you either have to resort to trade or just start new game. Possibly a bug or glitch?3. Trade is tedious - if your base is struggling, you often can't trade your way out of the mess.4. There's no meningful goal to the game; it would be super if you could build up network of planets or bases and trade between them, for example: some planets might have unique resources but can't sustain food resources (eg. no water) so you'd have to ship that in from another base.The game feels like it's missing something major from the 'city builder' aspect of the game. I can't quite put my finger on what that something is, but hopefully the devs will release more updates to address that.Even for £10 (on offer) I don't feel this game is woth the money yet."
,Recommended,403190,31319450,Posted: 23 April,all,melinko2003,"Individual planets to play were fun, the challenges were really where the game was at though."
,Recommended,403190,19553364,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Cynikal,"It's a $20 game. It does make me sad that they aren't going to be adding a lot of further functionality/features. However, it is still a great game.Highly recommended."
76561198007281841,Recommended,403190,18717500,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,✠Äŧŧicus∞ŅǾyle✠,"I like this game, its simple, yes , but it  still has its challenges with nature and anarchy, the first time I played, I didnt make O2 in time and everyone died, the second time I ran out of food, then I had issses with spare parts, then when I thought I was out of the park with simple disasters, pirates landed and killed everyone.... this game is all about time management"
,Recommended,403190,18719878,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,BOT Doug,"Some idiots go to Mars and decide to set up a colony there. Unfortunatley, they find out their AI isn't that great, but tollerable. The idiots decide to build a colony there, and 90% of the time they die. Then, you get that epic feeling when you succeed."
,Recommended,403190,18764110,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,JrxJake,This game is very fun and I enjoy it very much. Although the AI needs a little work but overall a really good game.
,Recommended,403190,18782722,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Monkeysam,"It's a good little game..Pros. It's fun tring to keep your bace balanced with power, food, water ect..Cons.. The start of a base is far harder than a large base.. so the difficulty curve is somewhat inverse. Things can still go very wrong in a large base, but you can usualy recover.. if anything goes wrong on a small base it's game over.overall I've enjoyed playing it. But I like slow management games."
,Recommended,403190,18801950,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,McHaggis,"As an ancient Dwarf Fortress player, I highly recommend this game if you want to play something less stressful.  The game does exactly what you tell it to do.  Unless there is an unfortunate meteor strike, your colonists will live, unless you command them poorly.  In Dwarf Fortress time, it is a quick game.  You either die out right or build an awesome colony and no matter what, it is fun.I see a lot of folks complaining about the AI, but it seems to do what it is supposed to do.  Some pathing issues aside.  I like this game and I hope others enjoy it as well."
,Recommended,403190,18805302,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Zveltix,Needs a button to match remaining trade value with coins! otherwise it's an amazing game!!
,Recommended,403190,18886899,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,huxt3r,"The game can be challenging, and even downright frusterating at times, particularly when you're trying to fight a death loop from a resource shortage.  Unhappy colonists won't grow food to save themselves from starvation, for example.  My experience is limited, but so far a certain amount of luck seems to play a role in the success or failure of a colony in the very early game.I had just reached the self sufficient state in my last attempt when a meteor crashed through the roof of my sleeping quarters and wiped everyone out.There are some balance issues as well; it seems to take a lot longer to build robots than their actual lifespan ingame, so I'm not seeing a real good return on the investment there.  I've also had several instances of colonists dying at airlock entrances due to how they only allow one person or robot to enter or exit at a time.  Granted, an airlock can only allow one direction of travel at a time, but that doesn't necessarily mean that it should be restricted to only one person going in that direction, unless it was an extremely small airlock.I've found through much experimentation on the desert planet that a base at 60s and 60w yields a nice big open area to build on, which I would recommend you try out for your first colony."
76561197970430051,Not Recommended,403190,25690370,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,DrNukeLear,"Hi. I love Planetbase. It's a fantastic game. Yet this is a negative review... The reason for this is simply the AI. Now I am a player who can love a game despite bugs, I can even recommend games despite bugs. But this is a very good game except for the fact that colonists will not take steps to rectify their needs. Case in point: My food supplies were dwindling, but the biologists (those who tend  to plants & food production) had started starving first and as they were starving, they did nothing but mill around waiting for the tomatos to pick themselves. To fix the problem I traded for food, however as the colonists were unwilling to move from the mob waiting for food to take the medicine to the ship to exchange it for food, they died. And so did my patience with what was otherwise a great game. As a game designer I can tell you for free that if a game causes you to lose because of situations beyond your control, then there is a design flaw. Now there's talk on the discussion boards about ""it's about critical pathing and putting stuff close together"", yes. But if an instance of AI is unable to either take direct commands (""Pick Up Medicine"", ""Swap it for Food"", ""Eat"") or conduct those steps and that is the source of your gameplay challenge by design, it's badly flawed. Please fix this horrendous gameplay issue. I want to change this review to a positive one."
76561198112607465,Not Recommended,403190,25718354,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,Boogie,"The game is hard but not in a challenging and thought provoking way, it's hard in the "" why don't I have basic tools?"" way.You can't give orders to specific colonists which is a huge disibility.  The Ai is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ and your colonists will starve them selves to death  because they won't prioritize your orders, even if the resources are available to get food production up.  Among other things the game lacks is a comprehnesive UI with power and resources uses.. instead you have to go dig that out in charts  which is a needless burden.    Alot of the game's challenge coems from how wasteful and non-sensical the archiecture is.   Why does everything need to be connected by a bridge of so much distance?  Why can't I close off sections of the base in emergncy... why will normal colonists just stand around and die  when intruders come?The game has a really neat concept,  I like alot of what it does and it has provided enough entertainment that I won't seek a refund even though as I am writing this, I could.   I don't recomend the game in it's current form though;  I think it needs much more polish and expansion."
,Recommended,403190,18706448,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Kre,"Its a fun game, got my first base up to 400 colonists. A lot of people who play this give up because they don't see the AI as an obstacle to overcome. Plus the one man who is doing ALL the coding is releasing updates to fix the issues that do exist."
,Recommended,403190,18707728,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Merix,"Great, but not perfectFirst off, i am enjoying this game, but that said, it has issues.first, the AI is dumber than a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ brick with a learning disability and aspirations to be a lemming. absolutely no self preservation goes through the AI's mind. the pathfinding works alright, but i cannot tell you how many times i've had mass deaths of colonists because of starvation. yes, loading the trade ship is an important job, but FOR THE LOVE OF GOD, EAT ONE OF THE SEVERAL HUNDRED MEALS WE HAVE IN ♥♥♥♥ING STORAGE INSTEAD OF STARVING TO DEATH!!!Second, I feel like the tech caps off far too low in this game, yeah, i can build humongous battery, solar, and wind arrays to sate my power needs, but why should i have to do this for even a modest sized base? im not saying we need bigger power parts, but we need higher tiers. Nuclear reactors, fusion reactors, geothermal generators. hell, how about a research to incorporate battery power storage into all of our structures, or, at least our critcal things, like med bays and oxygen generators?Third, this is the near future and it feels like we should be able to research new tech based on what planet we're on. why not let us build research stations? study the planets to gain bonuses to our equipment? oh, the desert planet has a unique filtration from it's atmosphere for light? let's upgrade our solar arrays to take advantage of that with a special glass lens that will give us 15% higher power yield per array? just an example really, and maybe the devs want to stay away from research, but i feel it could add some great mid and lategame gameplay elements.these are just a few things i've picked out, like i said, it is not a bad game, but it feels like it could shine if they just polished it a little bit more!Overall, I'd give this game a 7/10 in it's current state. it is definately a fun time waster if you like base builders like dungeon keeper or evil genius!"
,Recommended,403190,18719482,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,PlayerKnownAsRay,Very good game. Hope for updates!
,Recommended,403190,18720291,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Toxic,"Good game to by worth the 20 dollars i paid for it.Only issues i have are the AI are a bit dumb and when they start acting out of place, you cant tell the individual thats screwing everything up to change what there doing. Its annoying when there is a worker and they suddenoly decide to stop midway through making a piece of metal or when a person that isnt hungry grabs a meal. Those types of things screw up the system i try to establish when playing this game and it would be nice if they would ad some type of AI control system.Still worth the buy though very fun and chalenging gam :)"
76561198144686970,Recommended,403190,18723711,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Raged Pineapple,This is a very good but quite hard servival game and it has my recommendation to any servival experts or even anyone looking for a chalange.(Sorry for my spelling)
,Recommended,403190,18753298,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Dunkelza,"I'm generally enjoying the game in its current state.I am looking forward to seeing the gameplay expanded, some of the things I find annoying changed (building spacing), and the overall look continuing to get polished.I'm happy with the game and I hope to see it flourish."
76561197999178890,Recommended,403190,18776710,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,M B Lamar,"Highly recommended. If you like Banished, you'll like this. Great devs! Good AI, as far as AI goes. These are not little human beings, they are AI agents in 2015. I've enjoyed it tremendously and look forward to further development."
76561197999528345,Recommended,403190,18865857,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Rick,"What a brilliant game.  Failure is frustrating early on because the consequences usually lead to the demise of everyone in the base, but success is very rewarding because the game forces you to pay attention to what is going on.  I personally had several failed colonies before I finally got a handle on things.This game is very different and enjoyable to play.  It does require some forward planning and resource management is essential.  Once you get through the initial start up, things ease up slightly and so long as your power, oxygen, water and food supplies stay at tolerable levels, your colony is pretty much set.  As soon as you get the meteorite defence lasers deployed, you don’t even need to worry about huge rocks falling from space.  A bigger effect from sandstorms might add a little flare to things.  The regular attacks from ships attempting to take control of your base keeps things interesting though.There is certainly plenty of scope here for additions.  Waste management, filtration for o2, terraforming, and environmental control to name a few things.  I have noticed no bugs so far in PlanetbaseI sincerely hope the developers stick with the game to further refine and add to what is shaping up to be something quite unique and entertaining."
,Recommended,403190,30270155,Posted: 1 March,all,UniversalAxis,"I've had this game for a fairly short period of time, have already played/enjoyed it for almost 40 hours of play time, and fully intend to spend many more hours enjoying this game, as my work schedule permits... ;)"
76561198164659763,Recommended,403190,23297374,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Napkin Man of Napkin Land,realy good but dont skip the toutrial
76561198085735233,Recommended,403190,26569877,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,nerhood.jeffrey,"A very cool base building game with many challenges. I wish there were a bit more depth to it like couppling and colony growth from within but, wel   .   .    .    ."
,Not Recommended,403190,28665083,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Sokolov,"This game is hilariously bad. The colonist refused to repair the meat machines, even with proper health, materials and needs met, and started to starve as a result.Then they refused to fulfill a trade shipment with a trade ship which would've resulted in 8 food. Instead they starved to death working out and drinking at the bar.Stay away from this trash."
76561197994408157,Not Recommended,403190,28106837,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,DrFetid,Without improvements to the colonist AI the game is very frustrating and unfocused.
76561198150111036,Not Recommended,403190,26323660,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,C__Death,"A friend of mine liked this game so I thought I would try it out.  It was fun in the beginning but managing a larger base is a nightmare.  The AI needs a huge amount of work mainly in pathing, travel, and manpower efficiency.There is way too much pathfinding from the opposite side of the base when there is someone right next to what I need to have done sitting there idle.  Once a colonist is locked into an object, NOBODY ELSE CAN USE IT no matter HOW LONG it takes to get there. (there seems to be an exception to meal makers and other items that allow multiple uses)  The AI should cancel calling a further colonist if a closer one has become available.  AI does not pathfind inside and outside simultaneously to take the shortest route.  I've seen workers land in the colony ship and then take 5 minutes to walk all the way around my base on the outside to get some ore instead of going inside right through the middle and out the airlock at my mine.The AI seriously needs to be re-written to allow taking travel into account.  There have been times where materials are on route to build something and engineers or bots just walk away because the materials are not there yet when they could of just waited a few more seconds and then they could of built everything at once instead of calling some other builder from the other side of the base that takes 2 minutes to get there.If i build 5 beds in a cabin, and all the materials are delivered, why do I need FIVE engineers (or bots) to build them? Can't ONE just go there and build all 5 beds?  This is completely inefficient use of manpower.There is no fine management available.  No way to limit or filter what is put into the food makers or what kind of items can be stored in storage.  The first available item is just shoved in there with no way to control it.  There is no way to control how many of an item are put into the smaller storage containers.  What if i have 5 medical cabinets spread out and only want 2 in each cabinet because of my supply?  I can't.  The closest cabinet fills first and the rest are empty unless I increase my production to fill them all.  Medical cabinets, armories, and anything else that can store items should have the ability to limit the total (maybe this would be a base-wide control to ease management on huge bases)There is no way to make bots priority on jobs.  If i want 10 items moved, it assigns all the available bots and then immediately assigns colonists.  Well if i have 5 bots, they could make 2 trips faster then taking colonists away from their jobs.  There should be a control available once you have a certain % of mover bots that you can authorize only a certain % of colonists to move stuff over bots.There is no way to upgrade anything.  You can't disconnect parts of your base, and this makes trying to rebuild almost impossible.  What is the reason for this?  You should be able to disconnect something with a warning saying you would disconnect your base and may isolate colonists (if domes) and / or equipment.  My guess is the AI couldn't handle it.  The spacing between buildings makes no sense, why can't I place things right next to each other?  If I could upgrade, this would very much make sense.One thing that is infuriating is recycling a building and trying to build another in its place.  You have to wait for the resources to be moved (likely THE SAME ONES to build the new structure) and there is no way to prioritize removal, if your storage is full, they will never be removed and you have to delete them.  At the very least make the materials show up to the side so I can build another structure. This would also be fixed by allowing upgrades, and would only pose an issue if you wanted to use a different dome.Some suggestions.Form of power that is reliable, but heavy on resources.  Like a fusion reactor.  Lots of metal, bioplastic, and chips.  Heck make a new factory machine that produces new items just for this.Airlock that can have multiple people / bots in OR out simultaneously.  The current one looks big enough to fit at least 2-3.Higher occupancy (or larger) mines, cabins, o2 gen, water tower, etc.Any of the suggestions I stated above to fix some of the problems.I realize that some of these issues can be ""worked around"" but you should not have to change your gameplay because of flawed game design.I don't even know what to put down for what I like at this time.  I will revisit this again if any significant changes are made and see how they effect my review and will adjust it as needed.As it stands I would not reccomend this to anyone until some of these glaring flaws are dealt with.  Please don't make me regret purchasing this game."
76561198042238818,Not Recommended,403190,28441937,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Enorats,"The game is interesting.. but the AI is probably the worst I've ever seen. You have no control whatsoever over the colonists, aside from being able to set buildings as a ""priority"". This seems to do nothing whatsoever. Think the old ""Majesty"" games, but without the ability to set bounties.Colonists will spend 90% of their time idling, doing nothing. You'll have the raw resources in abundance, equipment to process it loaded with said resources, zero finished goods, and a half dozen buildings waiting for said goods to be constructed.. and your engineers will be chatting in the lunch room, or worse yet simply staring at their equipment drooling. The biologists are the only colonists that seem to do their jobs consistently, though if they get cranky they'll just up and let everyone starve.The landing pad lets you bring in new colonists to grow your colony. You can set a ""goal"" for what ratio of colonists types you want, and the game seems to try to give you random colonists that are roughly what you wanted. That said.. getting a second medic when you only have like 7 guys at the start can be really annoying. You'll end up turning the landing pad on/off repeatedly too, as you will drown in new colonists and everyone will starve if you simply leave it on.All in all, I like the game and will continue to play it for a few hours at least.. but the incredibly frustrating AI will likely turn me off of it very, very quickly."
76561198114203741,Not Recommended,403190,28571009,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Xandapanda,"Fun game nonetheless, but I can simply not reccomend it to anyone because of the AI, I even prioritized a building to be built. Took a half an hour at 4x speed for them to even get to it."
,Recommended,403190,22982480,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,"ČESKÉ DRÁHY, a.s.","I have read the old reviews and decided to wait to buy the game and now I have bought it and its very cute game. It is not perfect, the AI could be better, but the price/enjoyment ratio is very good. I recommend this to anyone who likes: Building bases, Survival tycoon games, Management."
,Recommended,403190,29554181,Posted: 28 January,all,xsmasher,What a great little ant farm! Abolutely zero narrative; just days spent planning your base and managing production pipelines.
76561198031353221,Not Recommended,403190,23534042,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,Shrapnel,"Game is insanely hard, Can't even get past the first planet and I have played tons of simulation and city and civ building games. Not much fun when no matter what you do something goes wrong and even if you have things running perfect, dissaster happens."
,Recommended,403190,29256310,Posted: 14 January,all,jackson,its a wonderfully done game with great physics i only wish it could have more real life aspects
76561198047310827,Recommended,403190,22958238,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Perdido,"This is just a fun game. You can really enjoy when you play the game. I surely recommend it but I think it would worth the price when the game is discounted because it has a limit on what you can do. The developers need to add more content. In its current state it is very entertaining though, but I don't think it worth the price."
76561198205619689,Recommended,403190,24311247,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Like a dab,Good city build but itsboring after 1 h
76561198254127297,Recommended,403190,28860694,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,icyjackalope,Please add support for Linux I recently had to get rid off windows due to my own stupidity slander I really like this game so please add support
76561198064142831,Recommended,403190,30152561,Posted: 24 February,all,No_Man,"PROS:Polished appearance.Good mechanics.Decent replay value.Runs smoothly on older, low-end hardware (2.4GHz ""Sandy Bridge"" Core i5 & Intel HD3000 w/ 16GB RAM)***CONS:Dumb AI (not as bad as some of the reviews indicate, but still plenty of room for improvement)Awkward interface (important controls and base statistics are buried or non-existent)A little limited in content (an expansion pack with more techs, buildings, bots, etc. would be great)***NOTE: While the game runs great, the main menu is painfully slow to load and respond. Weird."
,Recommended,403190,18676740,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,nacon,"Space city-builder? Check! Good graphics/environments? Check!This game is a solid example of the city-builder genre. After a few patches, I feel comfortable in recommending this game to folks who enjoy the genre. The logistics of building a colony on a new planet, and keeping your citizens breathing, fed, hydrated, entertained, and happy while building your colony towards new milestones present a fun and interesting challenge.Base building reminds me somewhat of Evil Genius, in that it is an optimization problem. You'll spend most of your time laying out different modules essential to the survival and productivity of your colony. The maps will vary based on which part of the planet you land; the planet map is consistent, but each set of latitude/longitude will provide you with a different experience.As the game advances, the logistics of maintaining a base require more efficiency and increasing threats; you will have to face down invaders who mean to kill your colonists, and have to keep ahead of the food/meal/O2 curve.All in all, I recommend this game. It's not overly complicated, but it still has some depth."
76561197995186205,Recommended,403190,19401571,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,kbellport,A very fun and enjoyable game. Worth the money!
,Recommended,403190,19488930,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Subspace_Terror,"Started playing this at 7pm and by the time i stopped playing it was 4am.I had work in an hour.Great game, 10/10"
,Recommended,403190,19489328,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,outspan,"I love this game, so much that I created a Spotify playlist to listen to while playing it. That's real love.It might seem deceptively basic to some, but this game is really about survival, and figuring out the system, and making the system work, and then optimizing the system. The analyst nerd in me loved every soul-crushing moment. I only rage-quit about 10 times. The game is complete, warts and all, as of 1.0.610/10 would watch my 200ish population colony die again because of meteor strike to the single connection between my base and remote energy/water farm."
76561198026070765,Recommended,403190,21973673,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,Pirate Panda,A great and captivating game. Rock hard but in a good way.
,Not Recommended,403190,22233367,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,akvadrako,Should be tagged casual.
,Recommended,403190,25135070,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Alex,It's a great game but the mechanics need work. You'd spend ages carefully building a settlement only for the morale to run low - which leads to all your workers to stop working and starve themselves to death. There's nothing you can do to stop it as they won't build or take care of the food to prevent their deaths. You just have to sit back and watch your colony die. It's frustrating as hell! Fix this please!
,Recommended,403190,25155973,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,johannesbambang,This game runs well in my Acer Asprire One 725.
76561197972814194,Recommended,403190,34764101,Posted: 5 September,all,Inthexis,Very enjoyable and engrossing game.  I've played 156 hours now!  It'll definitely give you a more realistic and grounded experience of what making a planet base might be like.  Also amazing is how well they've balanced all the economies in the game.  A the harder difficulties that makes it so that good strategy and tactics actually matters for your survival.
,Recommended,403190,34633618,Posted: 31 August,all,MYH | GGJay,"One opf the best Games ive played for base building survival , and is quite challengingheres our Youtube playlist of Planet BaseDislikes : not many planetsLikes : Everythinghttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KHwf5ABC888"
,Recommended,403190,34562648,Posted: 28 August,all,M4PATRIOT,"Awesome game, reminds me of Lego Rock Raiders a lot (I wish that they would remake that game)!"
76561197978409878,Not Recommended,403190,34889868,Posted: 11 September,all,[FFN] WJ MacGuffin,"Sorry, but this isn't worth the price even on sale. It's a resource management game that blocks your ability to manage resources. Overall, your gameplay features frustrating guesswork instead of any strategy.PROS:- Managing a colony is a fun idea.- Graphics are decent enough.CONS:- You can only build structures on a grid, but you can never *see* the grid. You have to guess when placing structures.- You won't know what structures build a grid either. That means you literally cannot plan your colony's growth. Instead, you just hope you're doing things right.- You can't see a comparison of resources generated vs. used. For example, your colony depends on oxygen, but you never know if you've got plenty to spare or almost no space for expanding the colony. Same goes for food, power, water, etc.- Occasional random disasters hit that remove resources like power. That means you can never figure out how much you generate per day or how much you use, as both numbers fluctuate a lot.If you want a city builder experience, go elsewhere. This game feels incomplete and rushed."
76561198014968367,Recommended,403190,19706855,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,lihou969,Average to Good
76561198160452181,Not Recommended,403190,19640913,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,EverNow,Horribly balanced. I eventually gave up. I tried to beat mars multiple times. I've considered it impossible. Honestly food production should not be so slow. And nor should mining.
,Recommended,403190,21245886,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Artur_G,"Planetside is what you’ll google when looking for Planetbase.Planetbase is a base building game. You land a few people and robots on a hostile planet and get to work building your base. Oxygen generators, Biodomes, Dorms and everything else you might need to survive this harsh environment. Besides the lack of food, water, oxygen and building materials you will be bothered by meteoroids, sand storms, solar flares and later assaults. It’s up to you to create a second home for your people.Planetbase is a very calming game. I usually don’t use the speed controls in games like these so what could have been a 30 min session turns into a few hours. But I find watching your people move around the base like little ants very enjoyable. There is a good amount of challenge, especially in the beginning trying to keep up with food and lack of energy but as you get the hang of things the game becomes easier and lets make more mistakes or build in less than optimal way.Being very calm game Planetside is also not very deep. Once you’re over the initial hurdle of establishing a colony there’s little you can to do screw up. There’s also not much point in expanding the base. Neither from the story perspective, of which there is none, nor from objectives. There is a few technologies to acquire by trading and a few milestones to achieve but it all feels a bit weak.Dad rating: ExcellentYou can both pause and save at any time.The only violence is during assaults and even that is barely noticeable.All in all Planetbase is a nice game that fills in that need for a calm game of watching something grow. It fuels my imagination of what if would be like living on a different planet."
,Recommended,403190,25367327,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,"Really, really hot hot sauce","Salutations my children.  This game is pretty good but once you get a solid foundation, there becomes a 'lack' of things to do.  Of course you must try to get more food and stuff, but there is no sense of purpose.Intruders are fun bursts of suprises, but a real challenge would be another planet with hostile aliens or something.  Upgrades would be fun as well."
,Recommended,403190,19277979,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,JakeFlit,simple relaxing game
,Recommended,403190,19303676,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,CountingStars,"Positives: It's certainly well done. The game is difficult and if you don't work fast you easily fail very early on in the game. The fact that you have limited suplies makes it even more difficulte and forced you to use your resources wisely. These are two things I really enjoy about the game. It's not just a click-and-drop and forces you to actually play strategically.Another thing I love about it is the ability to build items inside various domes. This is certainly a novel concept I hadn't seen in games like this before. The falling meteors and their ability to damage your buildings is also a nice touch as well.Negatives: There is so little time to get even the most baisic starting structures in place (Airlock, O2 Generator, Solar Panel, Water (forgot the word), and Power Storage). I enjoy that it is difficult, but at least a tiiiiny bit more time in the beginning would be nice.When you get further into the game it's also difficult to get anyone to do anything. For instance, I needed Bioplastic, had all the people, resources, buildings, and items necessary to do it, but no one would? This gets very frustrating when you are running out of one resource or another and need to build something fast.The buildings that you can build are also limited. The game is still technically being developed I believe, so this might change later (logging in today I did notice that the space suits on the people had changed, so I hold out hope, at least). Still, the limitation does such just a tad bit. I wash there was a little more to in terms of building items.You do also have the ability to rotate planets and choose the LL of where you start out. I've noticed little difference in doing so, though. Another thing I wish is that this actually affected gameplay on the planet. If it does, so far I haven't noticed it. Also having the ability to scan the LL location to see the Topography would be nice. Since you cannot demolish, level, or otherwise build on the mountainous areas it is very easy to back yourself into a corner when building- especially if you are unlucky enough to have it generate a super small area that's buildable (like I have on occasion). Given this, taking even a short amount of time to look around your area to plan a strategy takes too much valuable time when starting out, so being able to scan for sufficient areas on the plant would be a nice perk to counteract that.It's difficult and challenging for certain, but in some ways it's too challenging. Still. All in all, I am very excited to see where this game goes.Edit February 2017: Some things I noticed in my most recent play through that I failed to mention in my intial review include Camera Controles and AI.Concerning Camera controls, I wish there was a bit more maneuverability. You can vaguely scan around in a circle, and you can zoom out a little. But increased camera controls (like the ability to do a top down view where you view the base from the complete top) would be great.Concerning the AI... It sucks. Point blank, it's probably one of the worst AI's I've seen in a game so far. I think the AI might have actually been better the last time I played it, but it seems to have become a bit broken since then. Or maybe I got lucky on my earlier plays? Either way, issues include 1. People standing in the middle of nowhere outside of the base for no reason until they die, 2. People refusing to fix the robots, 3. The ""Prioritize"" feature (which seems new, or maybe I didn't notice it last time) doesn't do much, if anything, to influence their building decisions, 4. People refusing to produce items despite having everything needed to produce them (yes, that's still an issue), and so on.Honestly, it's been just over a year now and I haven't noticed anything much change with the game. What happened? Is it still being developed? Who knows, but I definitely hope I didn't waste $16 on what's arguably an unfinished product."
,Not Recommended,403190,23971276,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,TheRomanSenate,The bots are absolutely terrible. An entire colony dies because of a single listless engineer who in spite of having all the resources directly in front of him doesn't appear to want to do his job.
76561197993002732,Recommended,403190,21375549,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,ORAA,"This game is one of the best space colony building sims ever.But there are some minor things that should have been done better,- there are only a few planets, with no trading between theem and no story and no value in replaying it you will only enjoy building three bases and that is all.- the security needs to be done better, and why doesnt the alert go off when they detect intruders???!!!- maybe add more security missions like u can send your gurdes to secure things and accomplish things maybe on a different planet or something.-why there is a building limit, when you are already limited by the size of the map.- why doesn't the colonist have an air pumping technology through corriders and rooms to pump air?!!!!!and many more little things, plus a bug where if someone was stuck between corridors the whole base will stop working or producing anything,BUY ONLY 75% DISCOUNTBUY ONLY 75% DISCOUNTBUY ONLY 75% DISCOUNTBUY ONLY 75% DISCOUNT"
76561198032153574,Recommended,403190,18671664,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,jedbears,"I love this game, I have mastered all three planet levels and look forward to more add-ons.It's hard to find something this fun for the money.Game detail and AI were just fine in my opinion. Don't over build, steady growth managment is the key to successful game play. There are plenty of variables that will keep things interesting throughout your build up. Inturders, solar flares and dust storms just to name a few of the challeges along the way.My wish list:- More build options that would allow for very creative layouts, curved, teed and stright connecting tunnels and tighter dome building.- Tunnel through or flatten rock formations that are in the way of expansion.- Intermediate connecting points to group sections togther and change colors.- Large Park style domes for relaxing and enjoying.- Pool dome and or bathing areas."
76561198061707518,Recommended,403190,29393421,Posted: 21 January,all,JustinOb,"Amazing Game, Wish they still did updates or opened the workshop.. Or even came out with a 2nd one with more details, 3d printers and print certain parts to build rovers and rover bots to travel around find out minerals etc.. expand the game more... it gets boring after a couple hours every time..."
76561198067262843,Recommended,403190,22458409,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,sbesea31,I like this game - very challenging. Would be good though if they turned it from a sandbox game to actually having missions.
,Recommended,403190,26499966,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,✪ Phyz4r YT,"This Game is Great. Planetbase is probably the single best indie strategy game i have ever played. Although the price is a little too high, Besides that this game deserves a 4.5 / 5"
,Recommended,403190,19886263,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,jestrick,SimCity on mars.
76561197978510001,Recommended,403190,19915183,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,badger,"this is FTL, but your ship is broken and you must land on a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ nearby planet"
,Recommended,403190,20756168,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,Neil DeMike Tyson,"I strongly recommend this game, despite a few flaws here and there. Granted the graphics and the detail to some items are very nice, the music could be changed to something less ""sleepy"" and the AI's need to be worked on a bit. Sometimes it's as if, when you play sims and you lock your sim in a 4x4 wall and try kill them, they just wanna do stuff, but then when you open the wall, they don't do anyhting except eat all your food, crap, sleep, eat, drink crap sleep, rarely do the task you need (even though you've put that specific part of High Priority) then when your colony starts struggling because a few dumb AI not wanting to do their tasks, all of that hard work you have done had been ruined by something that could of been fixed so easily and quickly. Despite the mixed reviews, I for one enjoy the game regardless of repetitiveness. People complain a lot about competitiveness but then find out they play Diablo 3, WoW or another repetitive game yet flame this one, this one is no different. I hope the devs keep a close eye on the game and don't let it slowly drift away because they have got something very special on their hands. and IF by some miracle they somehow impliment multiplayer, I can see this game shooting up even higher."
76561197982567490,Not Recommended,403190,26597416,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Nathaniel Prime,"This is a colony-building game set on other worlds. It might have been good 20 years ago, but it is so incredibly simple that it does nothing at all that more modern (i.e. this millenium) games don't do much better. The idea is that you control a colony and must build more structures to expand, but the entire depth of gameplay is exhausted in less than three hours. At that point you're not left with anything to do, because of the very shallow nature of this game."
76561198016729884,Recommended,403190,31368553,Posted: 25 April,all,mm299m,Excellent Game!!!!
76561198011332360,Not Recommended,403190,34893261,Posted: 11 September,all,slider429,While the game does start fun the poor AI logic and pathfinding make the game impossible to play if you do not know exactly what to build and where to put it.
76561198059889367,Recommended,403190,24748515,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,circpic69,"love the game, wish there was more todo and more habs and stuff."
76561198008597885,Recommended,403190,24760725,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,WillieB222,"So I have been playing this game for a bit now, and it totally brought me back to space games in genreal. Not only that but this game has brought me more enjoyment then AAA game in about a year and a half. I would love to see more elements or even some DLC added to this great game. If you want to sit back and relax then this game is more then what you will need. I love it! I will say this game dose need to have a bit more control over the colonists, and add some depth like having rovers and vehicle's etc... that would be awesome!7/10"
76561198013766706,Recommended,403190,18507411,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,HeyRevolver,"If you enjoy games like Evil Genius, Banished, Anno, etc.. you will get many hours of fun out of this game. I would say you could play for at least 62 hours before you get bored."
76561198088092417,Not Recommended,403190,18595977,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Nick Ma,"You just never know how stupid these people in the game are untill the intruders are detected. Then intruder came to kill amount of people, my people just never fight back!!!??? And the guards can shoot enermies but they are like walk around in a shopping mall, just don't care the massacre on the next room beind them, wtf? I am pround of your AI design."
,Not Recommended,403190,23802711,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Kiradien,"Fun game in concept, but some of the stupidest AI ever. Failed my first colony because none of the characters would grab a gun - Only Guards can grab guns, really? That is moronic. One guy enters a colony and kills the 10 NPCs in it, with 0 resistance.If the AI was half-way intelligent, or we could at least issue a self defense order, I would recommend this game, but the complete lack of control when this happens truly removes fun from the game."
76561198018601866,Not Recommended,403190,18964580,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Soviet Cannon Fodder,"In the future the concept of organized labor has been uninvented. Great game, but not worth watching your people die of starvation while having a food surplus."
76561198091130480,Not Recommended,403190,18538939,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,G0tchas,"In this game, AI doesn't mean Artficial Intelligence, it means Artificial Idiots. Colonist will prioritise anything over doing any work, eat, walk around, drink water, walk around, sleep, walk around, carry stuff around, walk around, spend a minute doing actual work, work around a bit some more. I've played many of these types of games, including Banished (personally I think it's an insult to Banished to compare this game with Banished). After starting a new colony five times, I wanted to get a refund from Steam, but was just over the 2-hours of game time. I watched a couple of Let's Plays and tip videos on YouTube, but most them run into the same problem as I do.Now I've wasted USD$16.99 on a game that's not worth playing."
,Recommended,403190,18562375,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Skeleton,"Great game! It's quite hard! My colony died like 10 times before I manage to make one viable. Quite fun! Now I'm in the second planet, and I have died 3 times...well keep on trying!"
,Not Recommended,403190,25522731,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Geofferic,"I put almost 40 hours into this game, as I do love base-building.I feel it's missing *something*. Visually it becomes very dull. Everything looks the same. I am not shocked that there isn't more variety, but a little something would have been nice.All of the great tension in the early game leads into ... pretty much nothing.The game is missing its second act. There's certainly no third act.For the price, I can't recommend it."
76561198007204357,Recommended,403190,18567901,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,CrisFan,"The game is great.  Overall its a great strategy/build/survival game at least from my point of view. It took me at first at least 21 trys to stay alive, so yea it is hard at first and even more if u do not play many strategy games. I hope they add new stuff in the next updates or pachs.I hope others will enjoy the game as i do."
,Not Recommended,403190,18594897,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Phishtaco,"The AI is broken...not work playing, they'll just starve themself or not pruduce the meterials they need. Bit of a dead end."
76561198061413497,Recommended,403190,18520263,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Lightning9973,"I knew from the start this game was going to be hard. But this hard? it's too much for this disabled vet.Now don't get me wrong addictive game play, great graphics, and devs who who are constatly imporving the game for the player base.So if your looking for a challage GET THIS GAME!Let's see how long you can last."
76561198034924360,Not Recommended,403190,18819197,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Coyote Bongwater,"This game is a great concept with incredible potential marred by some of the worst AI I've ever seen in a game of this type.   I lost my last base because the entire colony died of dehydration while surrounded by working water fountains that they simply refused to use, and I've had people starve to death while dozens of cooked meals sat uneaten in the storeroom because they were tired and decided taking a nap was more important than not starving to death.  You've basically got to ensure that you have huge surpluses of food and water at all times, because if your colonists ever actually get hungry or thirsty, they're too stupid to recover from it and will simply wander around until they die, even if you have enough food and water for them.  If there are too many people in a room they'll suck all the oxygen out, but they won't leave, they'll just stay there and suffocate and die even if there's a room with full oxygen literally right next to it.Skip this one until the AI issues are fixed."
,Recommended,403190,19120399,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,Caimen,"It has the feel on Banished, but in space.  Of course like most games of this genre, once you get the basics down, the challenges become limited.  However this game does have difficulty levels and some of the achievements are certainly difficult.  In that respect it is better than banished.  There are only 8 research techs to buy in the game, I wish there was a few more.  I wish there was a few more buildings as well.  But as a whole it's a great base building game, I love the graphical style and gameplay.  I'm hoping to finish all the achievements.  It's certainly  way better than Space Base DF-9.Managing your spare parts and food are key and getting expensive robots up and going is a real challenge.  The robots can supplement your workforce a great deal but take time and considerable resources to acquire enough to really make your base run flawlessly.  Overall I love the little challenges that you can make for yourself.  Getting a base going after you learned the basics is easy enough and once you get going it's hard to screw up, just like Banished.  The most fun part of the game is actually optimizing everything once you get going.  You learn slightly new things from every base you build and your next base is almost always better.  All in all I'd give it an 8/10.  If they ever add more researches and buildings, I'll easily give in a 9 or 10.After reading the other reviews, I haven't experienced nearly the amount of trouble other people have had.  It may be due to a pathfinding update they did recently before I had even played.  If you were frustrated with the game before, you should probably try again.  Overall the pathfinding seems pretty good to me."
76561198193592145,Recommended,403190,18543636,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Calviii,I played less then 2 hrs and I love it. Just get it like come on.The part that I like is that you hae 3 different worlds that you can build on. It's not like other games where you only have 1 world.The part I dislike is pretty much nothing.
76561198060400450,Not Recommended,403190,31703459,Posted: 12 May,all,mtod198986,"I returned the game soon after it was clear it couldn't be practically paused. I thought it would be a thoughtful base builder. with no pause (even at slowest speed) it is a frantic race against death. Basically the question is whether this is a base building simulation or an off-world shooter. For those of us in the pro-pause camp, you can ask is this a real time simulation or not? Clearly it is not real time. It would really take 10 or maybe 100 times longer to really build things than is the case with actual game speed time (even at 1x). So why should you be forced to make key decisions in seconds that in reality you could make in the hours it might take to simply leave the ship - much less start to build something. No pause in an FPS makes some sense, in a city or base builder very little sense. Of course if there was a pause the shooter folks don't need to use it."
76561198076007326,Not Recommended,403190,31351465,Posted: 24 April,all,rocleigh,"Game still not finished, manging does little its all about luck an weather the game wants to go that way. if not nothing happens.  Two real time hours set high poirty to spare part and they will not do it un less shut off, bed, canteen, airlocks and all other building..... forcing them to do it.  Even if the whole colony is going to die they wont do anything at all.  Only good on deep sale E.g. $5 or less would still call this early access"
,Not Recommended,403190,33831402,Posted: 27 July,all,[LLJK]Ragnarokz,"Yet another city-building game, that's actually just a puzzle game, with no life, no soul, nothing."
,Not Recommended,403190,18544270,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,tathen,"Shity Ai, Lack of micro management, bugy all so random luck/RNG"
,Not Recommended,403190,18549093,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Mostly Harmless,"If you like getting frustrated and then dying, this game is for you.  The easiest setting is too hard.Game rules are STUPID:1) Plant growing bio-domes use oxygen!?!?  huh?2) ""You're out of spares"" and my 20 engineers ignore the spare factory (even though there's plenty of resources and priorty has been raised) and carry boxes while workers walk around with IDLE above their heads.3) Solar Flare! ...and my guys all walk outside into it and then die of radiation poisioning.4) There's no way (that I could tell) to make certain jobs more important (yes, you can bump up the priority of a whole building. No, it doesn't do any good.)5) so much more brokeness...At one point in this game I had medicinal plant boxes all over the place, 5 medics and NONE were making medicine!I'm so frustrated that I don't even want to see this game....All of these survival games seem to have a certain pattern YOU MUST FOLLOW.  There's not much leeway so, I guess I'll have to wait until someone writes a guide and then build everything in the set cookie-cutter pattern...UPDATE:Okay, I've slept on it, the main problem with his game is the AI.AT MINIMUM, the game needs (pay attention devs):1) Resource allocation so, important items (power generators, water) get repaired first, necessary expansion get built second (more biodomes) and un-necessary stuff (radios) get repaired last.2) Build queue!3) Task allocation- I want my engineers building spares, NOT carrying boxes.Also, biodomes should PRODUCE oxygen..."
,Not Recommended,403190,18561164,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,pheinzig,"Unbalanced resourse system.  Played all afternoon and watched a dozen colonies perish on easy becasue of crap resource system. Watch one resource bleed while you spend it on another. Its a never ending paper rock scissors game where you always end up with a cracked rock, rusty scissors and wet paper."
,Recommended,403190,18581360,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,[TAC] CraveMode,"It has been a long time since I have played a game that is not only challenging but makes me scared every second I play. It takes one little slip to cause this complex domino setup to crumble.For example, 100 colonist, food is on edge of stable, so is the water production, oxygen, and power. You feel things are great and not wasted. Then it happens... no laser = missile meteor hits your Bio-dome (where your plants are) killing most of your biologist. So, no big deal right? Request 100% of biologists from the colonist ship to send more to replacements.. but they don't show quick enough. Plants are turning red without biologist to maintain them. Meals are getting shorter. You forget to disable visitors and as typical as visitors are.. they go STRAIGHT to your canteen eating your meals. Still no colonist ship because you just got hit with two back-to-back waves of Solar flares! Your last bit of Biologist are the first to die, now you really are hurting. 100 colonist down to 10 before you get your first drop off of colonist and they only send one biologist!I will and have done it again and again. 110% recommend this to anyone who wants a city builder on another planet that keeps you thinking and on your toes, with achievements to unlock the next difficult planet. The game is pretty well polished too!"
76561197990194214,Not Recommended,403190,18531509,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Manny (Manuya) Teoshi,this is quite fun and beautiful but it doesnt have enough to it nor can i even play passsed the first sandstorm because the game stops. you can basicaly build everything and never need to upgrade your water and solar prodcers from the start
76561198041181356,Not Recommended,403190,18561738,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,MooseisLoose50,"The Game is becoming far more approachable and is getting better, however it still needs more work and more content for it to become a true game. Almost there though"
76561198006799989,Recommended,403190,18520948,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,DefoneESP,"11.5hrs So far, and I can say this is a great game!If you just picked it up, please check out my quick start guidehttp://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=536083609This is an RTS/Base Building game set in the future. You are tasked with building a base on a desolate planet and creating a thriving community.Early on resource management, and crew micromanaging are key. It can be very unforgiving, it took me about 4-5 games before I grasped the order of building. It reminds me of a futuristic version of Banished.Definitely pick this up!"
76561197998466921,Recommended,403190,18542701,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Tablesaw,Very addictive base and resource management and challenging environmental disasters to spice things up. Lovin' it!
,Not Recommended,403190,18553947,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,[TIGS] starsrift,"This is a lovely little game, that unfortunately, I can't recommend. It suffers in all the ways that Prison Architect and Banished did.The author has responded to complaints of the game being too easy to ensure that it's too hard. This of course means that as a player, your strategy is to overengineer your colony, and thus again - it's too easy. While a light touch on engineering your infrastructure can lead to disaster, all you have to do is over-engineer your basics and ensure that your colony survives, and then the game is on easy mode.The game treads the line between micro-management and macro-management, just like Banished and Prison Architect, ensuring that you actually don't care about any of your individual colonists - yet quickly, a small mistake can send your colony into the rubbish bin of history.Ultimately, the game has insufficient depth to last beyond the playthroughs necessary to earn all the achievements.That being said, it's a lovely game, well-thought out and with a wonderful graphics set. If you're into a management game that you can burn through fairly quickly, go ahead and pick this game up. If you're looking for something more enduring and engaging, look at Cities: Skylines. I don't regret buying it in the slightest, but a more dollar-conscious Steam buyer should avoid."
76561198044389473,Recommended,403190,18589712,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,WeirdRavioli,I bought this as soon as it came out. If you like colony management games then you'd like this. It's stable and enjoyable.
76561198020017427,Recommended,403190,18519022,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Smooth516,"Great game, fairly challenging to find a balance of systems to keep your colony surviving let alone expanding. If you like base builders and space, this is a pretty great game. One potential downside is a lack of buildings/events so I could see this becoming repetative after many hours. But for under $20 it's a good pick up."
76561198007848054,Recommended,403190,18520093,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Seyaku-Brad,Played through about 3 games. Where the hell are the other colonists? Great game remember Outpost?? Please fix the frequency of visits. all I get are traders.
,Recommended,403190,18571930,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,MadDog/LT,"If you like Banished this is one to get, if not walk away."
,Recommended,403190,18544049,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Azbolg,"Fun challanging game for city builders.Just beat the last base (moon base) getting to 100 citizens.Sadly his game almost gets a thumbs down.  The devs seems to want you to build the base THEIR way, not like other great indie city builders like Banished.If you deviate from their starting formula you are ♥♥♥♥ed.  In the 2nd planet if the wind doesn't blow, you're screwed as well.I find myself often sitting at 4x speed most of the time waiting for minerals to collect.I give it a thumbs up though, b/c extremely promising style of game, esp since it is a city builder sci-fi, needs more stuff, like trying to send your soliders at other cities.  Patting down intrudters or zapping them.AI is a little bugged, will build the building then run all the way back around, then another guy will come buidl up the bridge.After you build a solid base, get past 30 guys, you pretty much enter the game on easy mode as well, difficulty curve is getting to 30, most of the buildings, and a few soliders to fight off intruders.Also you have to micromanage a TON in this game, shutting of power nodes (b/c wind doesn't blow lol), boosting/forcing buildings b/c AI is pretty stupid to build stuff you want built.  Things don't get built in order, you cannot direct people to build something.  You can't build if there is 1 resource block covering the area you want to build, lol, so in the beginning very annoying b/c you have to recycle your ship (again challanging too).Lots of tips I could share, but, get a good 10-15 hours of the game imo if you like city builders and sci fi, and are inbetween games.  Game worth it on sale, b/c very challanging imo.Hope they patch and add more planets/content, etc."
,Recommended,403190,18571273,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,zzyzx,"OK, so my original review of planetbase was very negative because of bugs in the AI and Nutrition mechanics.  These seem to have been dealt with in the last update, making this game great!If you liked Banished, you'll love Planetbase.  Two thumbs up for quickly addressing the game-breaking issues."
76561198076525113,Not Recommended,403190,18679761,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,dreamrequiem,"This game is like build a card castle, but outside with random wind"
,Recommended,403190,18969475,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Frankie,"This is the game I was dreaming about. It's still not perfect but very very realistic. This makes it very difficult but also very challenging and fun!I hope they improve the AI with the next patch, they already corrected some strange behaviors of the colonists but it still requires some work.Except from this minor problems, this game is very well done!I definetly love it!"
76561198111748290,Not Recommended,403190,22622965,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Darth_Lttl,"Ugh. Where to begin. I do love this game, and yet, I have to give a negative review. (for those of you that know the types of games I have in my steam account, this will sound like absolute hippocracy) The game is too repetitive. After 15 hours I found the perfect strat that worked on most planets, and so the game just ended up being the same, and I cant do any different strats, because heaven forbid it will not be as efficient. I may play this again from time to time, and I think it was worth the pay almost, considering i got it on sale, but I do not reccomend it for $20. Just too repetitive."
,Not Recommended,403190,30156947,Posted: 24 February,all,max2veg,"The game has some serious issues when it comes to simulating people('s logical behavior) and in consequence general behavior patterns, plus medicine.People just starve to death when there's no food, instead of becoming letargic and sleeping more and becoming sick first.Apart from that, the player doesn't care about the people, which makes the player not care so much about the game. Because the people don't age, they don't have any personality, they don't differ at all other than their clothing and name. Instead of those gimmicks, it'd been better if the devs would've focused on at the very least a basic stats system and perhaps traits / buffs / nerfs, randomized within extends from the start and increase / decrease over time, based on how well they're faring (increasing health, work and movement speed, ... and in effect morale and don't get sick so easily / don't retire so quickly because they're doing well).Speaking about retirement - people don't retire. Because they don't age. Also, it seems that they're working for free (other than being given food, medical treatment and a place to sleep).Following are a few more issues:""recycling"" an object or structure is instant, doesn't require a person or bot; yet building isn't.Then the weird connection system between structures and the spacing between structures - you can't make connections intersect and you can't place structures right next to each other, instead they can only be placed on some arbitrary grid.There's also no way of tunneling into the ground or at least burrowing wires and pipes (for electricity and water respectively).And although people have a sleep and work cycle, other than that and food, they don't have a needs system (such as restrooms). The devs should have a look at Prison Architect, which implements those quite well (yet even there is still lots of room for improvement).Then the morale... for it to get improved, you can put down plants and TVs (mainly in dining places). For people to improve their morale, they have to be standing still in front of those morale-boosting items; they can't seem to find happyness watching TV or look at plants while they eat.Conclusion:It seems like the dev focused on winning people over with graphics and sounds / music (both which aren't mind-blowing but ok) rather than logic and actual game elements. Instead of putting in more graphical elements, the dev should fix the logic flaws and add planning elements to the game.That said, it's still in development, so hopefully the dev reads this review and tips on how to improve the game so it can truly stand out, just like Prison Architect does, because Planetbase has a lot of potential given that the dev is smart enough to implement those things."
76561198279709994,Not Recommended,403190,29417370,Posted: 22 January,all,Del Boyo,"I wanted to like this game, but once you have built your base thats it nothing to do apart from shooting a few intruders and meteors there is nothing in this game to keep me going.  Wish their was a average marking system for reviews"
76561197966302449,Recommended,403190,18708021,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Falcore,"All you need to know about this game in one quick, comical video!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-zm0pB9Auyw"
,Recommended,403190,18574883,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,antlobo,"This game offers a lot of challenges when you first start to play. It took me about 4 trys until I started to get used to the game mechanics, But it is very well addicting because of its challenges. This is something you should definitly buy because games only get better in the future :)"
,Recommended,403190,18559225,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,TCharles87,"Only have played this game for bout 2 hours now, and I'm really enjoying it. If you love city building games, this one is defianlty worth a try."
76561198037418590,Recommended,403190,18560729,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,King Gustavus L. Acidophilus,"Overall, I think this game is very cool and has a lot of potential. It also has some annoying habits (I hesitate to use the word ""bug"" because for all I know, my frustration may be the result of the product ""functioning as designed""). I am going to give this game a ""Recommend"" based largely on my hopes.As a teenager, I spent a lot of time playing Sierra Online's ""Outpost"", a game which this reminds me of for two reasons: 1.) It is very cool; and 2.) when it shipped, it was a bit half-baked.My hope -- and again, the basis for the ""Recommend"" -- is that Madruga Works will address the problems and get this game to its full potential. My experience with Indie Game developers is that they honestly do try. I would feel better about this if the game appeared to be mod-able -- gamers are often a lot better at making games ""work"" than the developers are. As far as I can tell, there doesn't seem to be a lot of potential for modding, at least not yet.You probably know the premise -- you land 7 people and 2 robots on a strange new world, hoping to survive and thrive. And this can be engrossing. I spent a good part of today playing this game. I have literally not eaten anything in the past 27 hours -- it's either been playing this game, or sleeping.(It's a good thing my dog knows to nuzzle and bug me when I am gaming -- because otherwise he'd starve and probably have leaked all over the floor by now).So anyway, this game is very addictive.The moon (or Mars, or whatever the desert planet is) -- is a harsh mistress. Power grids fail. Water runs out. Solar flares irradiate. And an annoyingly-large number of meteors smash into your stuff. Basically, it's like Detroit.All of these tragedies make the game compelling for me.BUT WHAT NEARLY RUINS THE EXCITEMENT FOR ME is the fact that your astronauts seem to have the werewithal of 10 year olds, and some of them seem to have a special penchant for eating boogers. The pathfinding in the game is pretty weak -- perhaps this is designed, but if your 'nauts start to get the least bit irradiated or malnourished, they'll start wandering around aimlessly. My last game basically ended with a whimper after a biologist and the medic both got malnourished (apparently, eating rice, tomatoes and onions for months on end will drive you insane). The medic laid down in the sick bay and never got up.  Sounds like the kind of crummy doctor I have on my health insurance's network....As a child, I looked up to astronauts as heroes -- guys (and gals) who could snatch victory from the jaws of defeat. I am really pumped to see ""The Martian"" because of this. But the astronauts in this game -- wow -- they are like the polar opposite.It'd also be nice, I think, if the game wasn't so dependent upon biologists --- my last two games basically ended either because the biologists died (and therefore, everyone starved) or because the biologists turned into bumbling idiots. Can  ordinary people not grow a tomato plant?(Mea culpa -- my last two attempts at windowsill gardening resulted in spectacular failures -- but I'm not an astronaut).SO -- BOTTOM LINE -- I really hope that Madruga Works fixes the AI, and perhaps make the astronauts a wee bit less fragile. For $16.99, I feel like I got a decent value from this game. If these kinks get worked out, this really could be an (off)world-beater!"
,Recommended,403190,18563897,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,MasterHigg,"1st base. Ran out of power during the night with all but ONE colonist inside the base. Only Fidel, outside in his spacesuit, survived. I just played for like 2 hours and have managed to hold it all together. Thank goodness he was an engineer so he could keep the bots repaired. I managed to get the colony to a self sufficient state... and now Fidel has friends :D"
76561198064046919,Not Recommended,403190,18650382,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,TheAngryBrit,"Game concept is rather fun, and seemingly challenging. But not the kind of challenge you can win thus far, it's the kind of challange that tests your mind and willingness to stay calm whilst watching every attempt you make at holding down a stable ecosystem fail and ultimately lead to seeing every single one of your collonists die off.I have many things to point out about this game which I will list to you potential buyers;1.) At the start you have to sit through at least 20 seconds of watching your ship land and crew get out. No way of skipping this and it happens every time you start a new world (which is a lot.) Get's rather annoying.2.) You start off with enough resources to build the innitial 4-5 building you need as the bare minimum to have your AI survive, after this you must recycle the craft your people arrived in which allows you to then build the other 3-4 buildings you then need to keep the food/ resource supply stable for the 7 people you start with. Why I am mentioning this is because it doesn't allow you to build the base how you want. There is a line set that you have to follow and if you don't, your AI will either die or run out of resources to do anything which gets rather dull.3.) Now, you have come from Earth and yet you only get 2 sources of power, Solar or Wind. Now, Mars has never known for it's lovely breezes and at night there is no sun. This gets rather frustrating if there is no wind at night, the sun is down and your base drains the power storage to 0. All your buildings lose power, and your AI all die because the oxygen gen has no power. So right there you have to start again, this time you put more time and resources into more power supply for the night. But that means you have less for food, or other important supplies so you fail again and your AI die because you din't feed them well enough or something stupid.4.) Bunks. I just played a game where all my engineers decided to go to bed at the same time... Then an astroid hit the bunk room and killed them all. This means nothing else can be built or repaired. I watched as my other AI stood around and eventually died from lack of sleep as no one had the skills to repair the bunk room. So I had to start a new world, again. Also, people will sleep whenever. If they get tired half way into the day because they carried some leaves from the bio dome to the vending machine, they will go sleep and their job that they are supposed to do doesn't get done.5.) Your base is made from Potatoes. No really! Starch from potatoes. Plastic from starch. Base from plastic. What the F**L!?6.) Colonists arrive in ships from Earth (I'm guessing)... Yet they bring no supplies to help your base. Bit selfish if you ask me.7.) Trade ships offer you♥♥♥♥♥♥in return for diamonds. You think trade will save you? You better be willing to part with everything you have in payment.8.) AI arrive at refinery machine... 5 minutes later decide they earned some sleep. Metal/ Plastic doesn't get made until next day.9.) Everyone seems to break their bones all the time, and medicine repairs the broken bones. Medicine devized from leaves you grow in your biodome... on mars! Why are not funding this?10.) If you don't have a control center, people will wander out into huge sandstorms. Because they cannot think for themselves that it is a bad idea. They require a yellow alarm to show them outside is wrong, inside is right. Storm very bad.11.) Guns seem to be a factor. Though god only knows what for, since I can't even get the factory working properly before all my AI die of something or other. But I still want to know why violence is part of a seemingly peaceful mars base game?12.) Some spawn locations on new worlds have just enough space to build 1 thing then no space to build anything else. I have had this a few times. So it's over before it begins.Overall it seems like an Alpha game testing phase. Not a full release. Definately needs a huge AI/ UI overhaul before it is actually fun to play."
76561198036311619,Not Recommended,403190,22322705,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Sberla,"It is worth playing but it is not deep enough.  I want developers to read this :).My negative feedback is because, despite upgrades, this game has very short depth, but if they expand its playability it can become a super game. I love the concept and I believe that for 20$ it is still worth buying it.Some suggestions for developers:1. As many people said: please make it more challenging, not only with weather/environment casualties, but introduce a major component of battle.2. Introduce scientific achievements for advanced buildings (for example, may give the possibility to assemble rockets and different types of satellites to launch in space. Satellites may  play an important role for the workability of many buildings on the ground. They should need maintenance too, so you may think about shuttles and training buildings for astronauts that will be launched in space. Spares may be used to fix the satellites. Of course, if you build a separate environment in space would be super cool (what about a space station to customize for the survivability of the astronauts?).3. Why only menaces from the sky? Hostile aliens may be on the planet before our arrival.4. Why not contagious epidemics? Also consider the possibility to lock the corridors to restrict some areas and limit diseases.5. I wonder if these astronauts ever♥♥♥♥♥♥ :) Their organic production could be packed and used as fertilizer to increase bio-productivity. It would be an optional ingredient for the plants.6. Defensive objectives: your security may alert you about aliens' landing on specific areas of the planet. Also you can think about evacuation ships in case of massive invasion whenever you need to protect your workforce, or specific shelters.7. Rovers to explore the planet and to bring workers elsewhere or to save them from casualties. You may also think about other raw materials or resources which could be used to make advanced buildings or vehicles: i.e. copper.8. Fun: why only gyms and bars? Space casinos, clubs  or game room.9. Religion: your colonists are scientists but not necessarily atheists. they may need God sometimes.10. Why not giving the opportunity to people to gain specializations in something else: i.e. workers that become biologists or engineers.11. Temperature could be another survivability variable to manage. Livestock or food may need cooler temperatures. Why not envisaging a dedicated warehouse?Just some ideas.. hope that they may help for further progress!ThanksVincenzo"
,Not Recommended,403190,18542378,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Calidori,Try rimworld instead
,Recommended,403190,18542726,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Rimmy Tim [GB],Awesome game reccomend it to anyone who enjoys games like these can spend hours on it and not get bored! :) ild like tot hank the devs for making it xD
,Recommended,403190,18556330,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Hystarea,Fun little game. I really wish that there was more feeling of progression. I don't get that like I do in Banished or other city builder games. Wish you could somehow upgrade your buildings into a future city on another planet.
,Recommended,403190,18557407,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Saul Goodman,"After putting an hour into the game I can say that it deffinetly is a step in the right way. The tutorial is nicely built. The menues are built in an easy to understand way, tough I'd say it falls a bit short on the lack on their graphical design. There is a lack of a settings for the game to chose from as well. I think the game is up for a very good start and I hope that It will be worked on with post-release updates. That will serve it very well. I've listed some of the proes and cons:Pros:-The theme of the game is connected to trending events in the real world wich is always a good thing to have.-The graphics are good enough. I wouldn't say they are perfect but for an RTS game they are pretty good.-There is stuff to do. What I mean by that is that you have a goal and you have plenty of space and options to achieve it.Cons:-lack of much settings-poor save/load system-sometimes placing the buildings feels a bit choppy and just off, not a major issue but it woul'd be better if it was more smooth.-Can't rotate buildingsSuggestions:DEVS PLEASE DELIVER UPDATES! If you leave the game the way it is its gonna get boring and forgotten in time. You've set a great base- expanding it = more fun for us + more money for you."
76561198077267744,Recommended,403190,18561289,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Dark xenomorphs,I would like to say this is a great game! Im not sure what it is about this game but it just drives me to spend time playing it!
76561197971665515,Recommended,403190,18557414,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,alea206,"This game is a dream come true. It would be nice, if some parts of gameplay would be better tweaked. For example complete lack of people management. On the other hand I think that AI is not that bad as people say here. So far when some colonist died or something was not working properly, I clearly see why is it happening."
76561198016116676,Recommended,403190,18573108,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,DoZ3r,"Great game, some miggles with AI doing silly things. But I'm sure the devs will improve all this over time."
76561198124732666,Recommended,403190,18589372,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Kujo Divinity,"not bad, this is a game where if you rush you die and some thinking is needed and LOTS of micromanaging. would like to see a grid placing feature (that can be turned on and off) that way you can snap place and get the angles you really want"
,Not Recommended,403190,34956734,Posted: 14 September,all,FluxComplex,Once you gain sustainability there is no further challenge in this game. Not worth the money.
,Not Recommended,403190,34743130,Posted: 4 September,all,Ducky848,"huh. not sure why it's so expensive. This is quite simply a mobile phone game, with better graphics.It's just one step shy of a turn-based linear progression model.I found it fun at first, but merely lasts for one round. I mean it advises you to play the tutorial, which shoves you through the entire game, save for maybe 20% of the end game content.It's all base management from that point. Expand slightly, attain achievements.umm, could've easily paid $2.00 for this, not $20.00. Way overpiced, and lacking in variation. Perhaps if you could explore and expand onto new planets in a procedurally generated galaxy, and perform trade between your stations, or begin the process of terraforming.... Then.. It would be worth $20.00.I feel like someone robbed my wallet while I slept. Downvoting. Put some better content into this guys, sheesh.Anyone with mountain dew in a basement could shell this out using Unity 3d."
76561197978801067,Recommended,403190,18565839,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,1stRVR | Gladiuz Maximuz,It's F#@King GREAT . Great fun really enjoying it. Highly recomend it.
76561197999005229,Not Recommended,403190,22128615,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Sevin Church,"I bought this game and played it for about 30 minutes before returning it.It's not really my kind of game, I thought it was going to be one thing and I was wrong. For my dislike, someone else might like it. There were no bugs in my 30 minutes of play, tutorials were solid and helpful. Graphics were good for this type of game. No major issues, just a play style one which is opinion.My gripe was one of not wanting to just keep expanding the same buildings over and over in order to have a stable colony. I wanted a little more depth in certain areas, not the tedium of a city builder game like Sim City that is just set in space. But like I said, it is my opinion, if you like city builder games this one won't be bad for you."
76561198086178064,Not Recommended,403190,22127464,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Fresh,"The AI in this game is absolute♥♥♥♥♥♥ You start off building everything you need with enough resources but eventually you run out. this is when you'd expect them to go get some more but the colonists decide to do other things. the priority system is ♥♥♥♥ed up, they just ignore it and eventally because of this you end up wih a choice you can focus on getting more power which means your colonists starve to death or you can focas on food which means our colanists suffocate. a loose loose situation. this game is really frustraiting and i do not recommend it untill these problems are sorted out."
76561198003353192,Not Recommended,403190,34965365,Posted: 14 September,all,symphony,"It was okay, but It's actually surprisingly shallow. After you've got your base set up, there aren't really any interesting things to do, and that takes maybe a few hours.  The challenges look pretty interesting though, so I think I'll give 'em a try before I move this into my done pile.  If it were like 5 dollars (on a sale or something) I'd reccomend it, but as it stands...I really don't get all the hubbub about the colonist AI though, the pathfinding and natural prioritizing is very simple (like the game), so getting them to not die is just a matter of having a decent (and compact) layout of the right stuff.  And since there isn't that much stuff it's not hard to figure out."
76561198130575956,Recommended,403190,20956923,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,switucki,i like city games.i like to build.this is a fun game do you think this game is fun?
,Recommended,403190,18707258,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,rotiking(warg),"An addictive, space themed resource management game. It's not a city builder and it's not a realistic simulator. The goal is to build a base and shape it to achieve a good flow of resources.Planetbase is good for a few weeks of entertainment. You'll probably like it if you enjoyed similar games such as Banished, Prison Architect, or Clockwork Empires. This type of game has a shelf life, because once you figure it out it's over.If you want to build a big base and not worry about fiddling around with it to make it work this might not be for you. Tossing buildings down with little thought is recipe for disaster. It's far less forgiving than SimCity. The game ends if you make a bad decision.It takes patience to design a base that doesn't implode when it gets to big. Once a base starts a death spiral it can be quite hard to recover. The fun of the game is discovering how to construct a stable base."
,Not Recommended,403190,28239168,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,cristian55alvarez,"Is good and strategic but the people is a littlebit stupid been they need to do thinks and for 19,99 euros I don´t thinks it was for too much.They could make a creative mode or diferent objectives.And the structures much times are like too small and for create a new structure you need to do it like 2 of this structures of far."
76561198189724038,Recommended,403190,34890802,Posted: 11 September,all,Dolph ( RIP KNIFE LMAO),"Awesome, can be a bit hard in the beginning, but watching a Youtube playthrough helps"
76561198082258757,Recommended,403190,24312090,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,KathAnn,"Good game, but I suck at it. xD"
,Recommended,403190,18499631,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Wu Ziheng,"Ballad of Lamar HoListen closely and you will knowOf the greatest engineer, Lamar HoTo the planet of ice he wanted to goA barren wasteland covered in snowHis only possession along for the rideWas his long-time buddy C-55Not just a robot, but not fully aliveOn this barren planet, where nothing could thriveC-55 was his only friendWith human company he could not blendAlways breaking and on the mendHe knew his time was near the endTheir friendship wasn’t meant to lastThe bot got older and problems amassedHe fixed him once, he fixed him twiceThird time’s the charm and luck of the diceSell him for parts his coworkers did sayBut he could not part with him any dayContinued to fix him until he was okayWish his coworkers would just go awayThen one day, can’t find him anywhereHe looked over here and looked over thereSaw him outside looking beyond repairThoughts of losing his friend, he couldn’t bareThe warnings flashed, stay insideThe other colonist went to hideA solar flare’s coming, he smiled and sighedRan to the airlock, warnings defiedAcross the ice Lamar did runAware of the dangers from the afternoon sunAll the good times and all the funAs for regrets I knew he had noneMade just in time to say “goodbye”Then whiteness filled the afternoon skyThe flash came quick, the sky was brightAnd both were taken into the lightFrom safely inside I watched it all unfoldAnd knew this story just had to be toldOf a man and his friend that could not be soldOne a heart of steel and the other of goldListen closely and you will knowOf the greatest engineer, Lamar HoSometimes I think I see him out in the snowJust him and his buddy in the afternoon glow"
76561198010730293,Not Recommended,403190,27257973,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,patten1969,I fell asleep playing it.
,Recommended,403190,19123356,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,Tinky.Pie,"Simple base builder. I enjoy it, but it is lacking a few advanced features."
76561198025006316,Recommended,403190,18982528,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,bombbomb,"Pretty solid, but could use some additional playability."
76561198045335489,Not Recommended,403190,18698678,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Skinless,"I had a base 100+ people had everything they needed, but then all of sudden they quit making spares, the machines were loaded and ready to go but they just ignored it, everyone died. Fix ai until then I can't recommend."
76561198049014327,Recommended,403190,18681931,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Professor,"Best game ever ! Please attach a camera to a colonist so one can see the whole base as the colonist walks around it. Thank you,"
76561198151417087,Recommended,403190,18593087,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,faizanuar,"This is my first review and one of the Indie game that i bought from Steam.THIS GAME HAVE HUGE POTENTIAL !The concept of the game is one of the rarest and most risk category of games which every big games company try to avoid because of the target audience is too small [ science fiction nerd =) ]I am putting positive review just to let the developer know that there are fans out there that really like the game and want the developer to develop the game more !Thing that can be add :1) Can mine rare material, but far and very dangerous, and then can sell the material2) Buggy car to explore far from base to get rare material3) Escort the worker with guard armed with weapon to mine the material4) Fight a alien which some time attack the base5) Can build laser turret outside base to kill alien6) Can build space ship to go out to other planet to trade or to defend the base from alien/pirate7) More larger map without any capped number of people , building8) And many MOOORE !And TO DEVELOPER :  Really please, dont jump out of the ship to make other game and drop development of this game. As i said before,THIS GAME HAVE HUGE POTENTIAL !"
76561197970480286,Recommended,403190,18622133,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Wh1ppet,"My recommendation here has one reservation.. I'm not sure if the price is really worth it with what content the game is currently released with, though I recommend it none the less, even at the price charges because it is a pretty solid game.It is a solid, easy to learn, hard to master style town or fort builder in the unforgiving setting of colonizing a planet and the way it is set up, there is very little time between starting and when you have to start meeting the new colonists needs as it is certainly clear there is no life support on their landing pod. I am still on the first planet after almost 30 hours of playing it as it takes 5 of 10 possible achievements to unlock the next panets of the game and there are 3 planets in all. More planets... Many more planets with Steam Workshop sharing would make it worth the $19.99, but what would be even better is being able to skip the landing animations at the beginning of every game."
,Recommended,403190,18605150,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Fabiolus,"you will grind and grind till you understand how the AI behaves therefore adjusting your gameplay then you will be ok.Yes you will blame the AI of course but never judge your own action/decision.It is strategy you are bound to start over, use the quicksave.good luck colonist!"
76561198134523951,Recommended,403190,18606059,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Craig Smith,A good game suprisingly addictive and challenging.The main aim of the game is to establish a colony and grow your colony to a level where it can sustain its self it had some early problems especially the colonists ran around doing trivial jobs until they eventually starved to death having walked past both food resources and a meal maker but improvements have been made and it seems corrected. though more ability to schedule/ prioritise work is needed  and a better view of colony resources would be of real benefit and i also would like a more varied choice of buildings and interior components would be great.mostly a positive experience but startopia better and cheaper
,Recommended,403190,18619381,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,sasafras,"Death Toll the gameThis game is veryrewardinghowever very hard to master.When you first start this game you will loose a lot of colonists, however as you play through the games you will get better and better however, the better you get the less fun it is to play. There is only so much you can do, and only a  few ways you can do them which makes each game more predictable.AIWith the new update that was just released today the AI was changed for the better. However after playing the colonists still seem to suffer from anarexia and starve themselves to death. Or biologists that refuse to work thus starving the entire colony.GREAT GAMEThis game is definitly worth a buy. Apart from a few moments where I wanted to chop some biologists heads off, I enjoyed every bit of the game so far.UpdateAfter the latest updates (1.04 and 5) Most of the AI problems have been solved but a few glitches and gripes remain."
76561197993743199,Recommended,403190,18624793,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,glinkot,"Much improved just in a few days.I love the concept of this game; the idea of being the only ones on a vast unexplored landscape.  The graphics are very nice and support that aesthetic beautifully.Gameplay wise, it has a pace that seems appropriate to me.  It may seem slow at first, but if you go past the point of no return with a particular resource, things can get deadly fast (as you would expect in such a situation!)The first release had some serious AI flaws which drove me mad (in particular, workers and engineers not bothering to operate their machinery).  Argh!  However the latest version (1.04) has helped a lot in this regard so I'd now consider it 'playable'.  The devs have been listening and have said they're spending a couple of weeks on the AI.  It's needed, so that's great news.Overall, I've already gotten my $ worth from the game, and look forward to more goodies.  As they hopefully continue to add quality of life improvements (eg upgrading to a larger building from a smaller one) things will be even better.Well done!"
,Recommended,403190,18624856,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,ColorBlind,Fantastic Game. A++. Would play again! Highly Recommend! Gold star.
,Recommended,403190,18625423,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Abattoir Erotica,"I hate micromanagement and this game has none, so I love it!"
76561198067450153,Recommended,403190,18626631,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,SenecaStoic,"Short version: Beautiful sim game with resource management and an easy-to-use interface. Worth the price. Next step for the devs: Enable mod support, and you will have a thriving mod community just like Banished has.Planetbase is a great game. I see a lot of negative reviews for this game, and I don't understand why, so I decided to write a review of my own. I love simulation games like SimCity, Banished, etc., and this is a fine example of the genre. Simple in that you don't have an overabundance of resources and stats to manage, yet elegant in its easy controls and interface. Beautiful graphics that don't tax your system processor, which is amazing as there are plenty of uglier games out there that burn up your CPU and GPU. I have had this game about a week and have sunk almost 100 hours into it so far just on the first two of the three available planets.Still a little buggy, I will occasionally come back to one part of my base to discover that a room is locked down, and as far as I can see there is no way unlock it. I know the devs are aware of this particular bug and are addressing it. It's nice to see a game go through pre-release and release with an active team of developers, which Plantbase has. I just load a previous save, which thanks to the healthy autosave function is easy to find.9/10"
76561198061588769,Recommended,403190,18626924,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,voidbent,"The game is amazing, I've enjoyed playing it. I was lookling for something similar to old school ""The Settlers"", and here it is, settlers on other planets."
76561197970680632,Recommended,403190,18631275,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Norard,"Never written one of these before, but I reckon I shall with this one.Bought the game pretty much on a whim on the day of release. (I think it was on release any road). Thought: 'this looks like fun, I'll give it a go"".Glad I did.So far I've only played the first planet, just letting you know that before I go further.Graphically, it looks really good. The lighting's top notch, and the art style is nice. Humans look a little ropey up close but since you'll be spending the vast majority of your time zoomed out, I hardly call that an issue.As a management game it works very well, and if your colonists start dying, you know it's likely your fault somehow, not the game. The game is challenging but fair in my opinion.The colonist AI does have some issues, but the devs are aware of it and are releasing patches.Sound wise it's good. Sound effects are perhaps a little lackluster but nothing major and they fit well enough. Music is nice and fits in well with what's happening.I know, I'm terrible at reviews, but the overall gist is:Good game. I reccommend it!"
,Recommended,403190,18633480,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,L.Peluzzo,"If you are skimming through the reviews, wondering whether to buy it or not, only being held back by the negative reviews... and yet burning with the desire of having your very own ""the Martian"" experience, may I say: go for it!At the very beginning of the launch the aI was quite the challenge to deal with, there were some bugs here and there, but the devs are hard at work to make what this game can be - and already is - the ai is much improved, and hopefully very soon, it will be perfect.Even at the current state of the game, this is a gem."
76561197999683851,Recommended,403190,18658980,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,|Optimal Prime|,"Warning, years ago I lost entire evenings to games where I just needed to play a little longer to build this or that, those nights have returned.  This is the ultimate base building game!"
,Recommended,403190,18662112,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,TK,"A lovely little survival game! I'm having a ball with Planetbase, and I hope the devs know they've done a wonderful job. The AI improvements seem to be bearing fruit, and I'm not seeing much in the way of poor behaviour. It would be nice if my engineers stayed on duty at the telescope stations longer... RIP residents of cabin #5.Still, that's what fresh colonists are for, right? :DThe game keeps you on your toes, but not too much. Once you reach certain milestones, you can just sit back for a while and allow your supplies to build up, and take a breather. But before you start expanding again, you'd better make sure you've got enough of the basics! Having the power shut off in the middle of the night because you forgot to build enough energy storage and generators a few days earlier can really raise your stress level.Looking towards the future, I'd love to see more dome types popping up. Perhaps some end-game mega projects that can practically be a base all of their own, within a giant structure? Definitely something to work towards!As for the game how it is now, build slow, think about what you're doing, and you should be alright. If you like city builder games, survival games, or just things with a fun science fiction bent, definitely give this one a go."
,Recommended,403190,18664123,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,[FLOT] Frawley6,Its a pretty cool game and theres not much to complain about. I do find it annoying that they need a person to be on a machine the entire time something is made. Im pretty sure in the future they can automate it a little a bit.
,Recommended,403190,18675469,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Huserx,"Despite the negative reviews, I decided to try it anyway.. been playing it nonstop since.It's an Indie game not some big box developer.Like any game you'll like it or you won't, but with steams refund policy what's the risk.It's challenging the game is out to end you from the start."
76561198114769216,Recommended,403190,18520047,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,lotw_1,"Yes, the game is very fun and for the price its worth it.  There are hours of gameplay to be had.  Of coarse there are some bugs too, AI isnt always the smartest.  The difficulty is pretty high too, especially if you are one of those people who try and build fast.  The best practice is smooth and slow, take your time and keep your resources up.  Also make sure you have a variety of food, like it says in the tutorial or your colonly will die, somewhat soon."
76561198026850169,Recommended,403190,18547831,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,LoveLessAeris,wonderful game good idea needs alot of work thou i give this game a 7/10 for a few reasonpros and consPros the game always has someting happen very fast. water running out or power droping due to damage or ppl killing each otherconsnow this is going to be a long listi belive ppl are too slow or they are too lazy even with max on all stats they only work for on something for maybe 20% and then leave for 15 to 20 mins sometimes this hurts medal making the most and big time early gamechanges i would add with in this game would be change the metal crafting from 1 to 1 ( 1 ore = 1 metal )honestly i think it should be changed too a 1 - 2 giving you more metal will change things in the long runnow i wish they add alot more buildings or a mult bio Dome allowing for anything too place insidethis game plays alot like Space Colony justthe number 1 worst part of this game is your ppl you start withyou get one medic if your medic dies game overas this game came out 3 days ago i hope we see some new things
76561198093424933,Recommended,403190,18589585,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,✪♕♠♥Rias♥♠♕✪,Played for 5 minutes and everyone died from lack of oxygen. Played a second time everybody starved to death. Played a third time everyone died of dehydration. 10/10 Please elect me to be the colony manager of mars when the time comes.
,Recommended,403190,18601148,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,CrimsonBoli,"This game is great. Its good fun, in depth enough so far (with room for more to be added), and challenging...However it has one downfall which I hope they fix... The AI. The AI is dumb, not too  dumb but sometimes dumb enough to forget basic human needs (food, water. etc) but balance is still ok and its still playable.FIX THE AI PLEASE"
76561198093120822,Recommended,403190,18647839,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,21chtcrusader,"The game is fun,but a little short"
76561198027470350,Recommended,403190,18648892,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,jaimcos,"The AI colonists are not under your control, ok.  But they also do not act in their own self interest.  For example, 6 engineers idle, more than 6 metal and 6 bio-plastic, lots of food, power, and water.... yet the AI colonists will not go into factory to make spare parts at any of the 3 spare parts machines -- everyone dies when power fails.  Another example: 7 biologists, biodome full of plants, lots of power and water, yet biologists sudden stop tending plants and everyone slowly starves to death.  In each case the critical item was set to priority.  In each caaase the needed person was one to rwo structures away and idle right up until they died.  In the case of the plants, there may have been a glitch where the plants died but it showed them OK until I reloaded from save.  But hard to tell with that as it is kind of chicken and egg.  I will say I enjoy most of the game, and if there was a way to over-ride the AI people and send them to task it would be awesome ( I would take a moral hit for that as long as I could actually get them to act like people who wanted to survive)"
76561197980459516,Recommended,403190,18654201,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Madjamjar,"I would highly recommend this game if you enjoy strategically building a base.  This is not a build everything as fast as you can type of game.  It takes careful consideration of what to build, when to build it, how much you need, have i enough colonists and so on.  A simple single mistake can ruin your colony, but to me that just makes me want to try again, learning from my mistakes.This game is new at the time of writing the review so there are some issues with ai but i dont think they are that bad.  So far i've managed all but one of the acheivements and still i want to build a better more viable stable base.Overall i give this 7/10."
76561198115834993,Recommended,403190,18678589,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Aina Sul,What can I say about this game... Its pretty awsome. If you like the sandbox builders like Banished this is going to be fun. The dev are active and addressing issues.The real challenge is getting a base started with out dying.The late game needs soemthing more.I hope they allow modding soon and then this will have alot more re-play-ability.I do recoomend this game its quet alot of fun.
,Recommended,403190,18619310,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Eva Victoria,A very entertaining base management challenge! Highly recommended.
76561198027907884,Recommended,403190,18678647,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,penguinshogun,"I have been playing this game extensivly since I picked it up, the first couple of times I played I died, died, and died again. Once I figured out what to do however I realized not all the dieing is my fault, Once the base got extremely large faults in the AI became really apparent, they will take the longest possible routes around the outside of the base and actually suffocate before reaching the airlock to go back inside, the pathing they take is rediculous sometimes and your colonists will also occasionally die of thirst when water is availiable and starve to death while you are sitting on plenty of food. Guards will sit down at a console instead of engaging the armed intruders presently SHOOTING THEM, just to get shot in the back a few times while they sit at their computer until they die. The AI with your colonists are by far the worst aspect of the game. Base building is fun, power/water management is challenging, making sure there are spare parts to keep your base running, making sure your processors have ore, basically turning your base into a well oiled production machine is a very satisfying feeling. Your small base barely surviving on a inhospitable world eventually becomes a hub of production and trade and it feels like an accomplishment. I would recommend the game, but until the game is patched and colonists take routes where they stay inside the base for as much of it as possible, you will deal with losing colonists due to their own stupidity once your base gets big enough."
,Recommended,403190,18642360,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Nichie the lewd Blitz main,Has over 600 food.Colonists die from waiting in line.Everytime...Note to self: Build more vending macines.Is good game but a little short.took me around 4-8 hours to complete everything.But i enjoyed it while it last.-Sloth
,Recommended,403190,18532181,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Swiftyy,This game is worth a buy.
76561198021020042,Recommended,403190,18605673,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,rtm98682,No AI is perfect. Take the time to adapt to how it behaves. Don't keep beating your head against the same wall. Develop your base slowly.  Overplacement of equipment can create chaos.   Well worth the $$ given the hours of play I've gotten out of the game. Lastly robots are your friend. Use'em
76561198047652849,Recommended,403190,18606034,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,*****play,"Thats a tough one. Started my game about a dozen times from scratch. AI drives you sometimes crazy, but after you understand the game mechanics its nice to play. Basically a city building sim.@Devs: i need an event log!"
76561198053645064,Recommended,403190,18672116,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,johnak67,"Easy to learn, difficult to master.  Like all strategy games should be.  Has its moments of frustration, AI can be suspect at times but not enough to spoil the game.  Advice - find a good, big flat spot and save before doing anything then begin new games from the save.If you're looking for a game that will consume hours of your life and provide some entertainment, this is it, or at least its one of the few quality offerings out there."
76561198048771394,Recommended,403190,18600832,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,76561193753804098,Nice game!
76561198141421310,Recommended,403190,18602587,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,CrudeAsteroid,"I love this game!  I have been playing this game for about a week, and I have noticed a couple bugs with the AI and Trading with multiple ships.  However, other than that, this game is one of the more challanging games I have played and thats why I love it.  There are many different aspects of this game that have to be concided in real time, such as logistics, resource  management and stratagy.  It is very easy to get frustrated with this game, but it being challanging makes it AMAZING!I recommend but I warn that it is quite difficult for how simple it appears to be."
,Recommended,403190,18604499,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,DtRWoS,"Good game - very fun, tricky but not overly so. Minor issues with the game in the first few days, quickly corrected by the developer.  Play and enjoy."
76561198033148472,Recommended,403190,18605171,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,LordFlashheart,"A fun game, with an interesting setting.Needs some work tightening up the UI and AI - colonists will flat refuse to feed themselves or just decide not to repair critical equipment (choosing instead to repair a nearly-new nearby turbine instead); whils the UI doesn't give much information about why things are happening (or not happening).That said, there is something satisfying about the constant struggle to survive, and a real sense of achievement when you finally reach some stability across all the factors you've been juggling.Closest game to this is probably banished, but with a lower difficulty level and slightly less unfair/unbalanced mechanics.Looks gorgeous as well and decent music.Far from perfect and needs some serious UI and AI patching, but a diverting, fun and strangely satisfying little game.Try it if this is your sort of game, you will likely enjoy it."
76561198009772763,Recommended,403190,18607938,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,lalemanalex,I will say I love the game its fun to play but the AI is just bad real bad they need to let us choice what people do and not let the dumb AI choice most the time they just stand around and dont do anything and the robots ar so bad to they wont build anything sometimes just go in and out of the airlock but other then the AI its a fun game up they fix AI soon
76561198055454725,Recommended,403190,18645318,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,brandonc16,I thought the game was a real challenge at the begining. There needs to be more in the game like building ships and colinizing systems.
76561198095323819,Recommended,403190,18678987,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Ddoge,"Very immersive sim has me hooked.  Great value for the price in my opinion.  This is the first ""SIM"" type game I've purchased, and I can't stop playing!  I usually go for MMOs or RPGs, but this game is a blast so far."
76561197970669061,Recommended,403190,18648688,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,VTengineer,"Started my first new base, all the crew gets out, and before I even build my first structure, meteor lands and pulverizes my only medic.  10/10 would Armageddon again."
76561197970794057,Not Recommended,403190,32991709,Posted: 29 June,all,FatbastUK,Awful AI. So dumb it makes inanimate objects appear smart and savvy. Not recommended
76561198046908540,Not Recommended,403190,24434401,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,az2dante,"I like this game and when it comes out in full release I will definitely come ack to play it, but in its current state it is not worth full price. Pick it up if it goes on sale and wait for the full release. There just isnt much game here.My chief complaint is that it seems my colonists just get lazy after a certain point and stop doing their jobs. I will have a perfectly sustainable colony going and all of a sudden the workers stop working, the biologists stop tending the plants and I run out of resources and food. At one point I decided to follow one of my biologists around to see what was going on and all he did was stand around, go get some food, then go back to bed. Not sure what thats about but its very frustrating.Needs more game and better AI. Will play again after full release. Til then, do not recommend."
76561197996711339,Not Recommended,403190,25419845,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,MoonStorm,"The variety of buildings and events is way too low. You get very little satisfaction from growing the colony. Yay, another achievement. Huh?"
,Recommended,403190,19116727,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,God Emperor of Mankind,"A really great game. Like it very much. BUT, what I don't like is that its just too hard a sort of creative mode with unlimited ressources would be nice. Overall rating: 9/10."
,Not Recommended,403190,25901031,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Maxsim,Fun for a limited period until you're self-sustaining. Then it's just a progression quest
,Recommended,403190,22125823,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,The Manager,Exactly what I expected and exactly what I was looking for. Although I do believe $19 is a bit high. On the other hand I got it while on sale for $14 which I believe is the perfect price. Planetbase is essentially what it sounds like. A survival game that has you start off on a new world with few resources. Even at the beginning of the game I found it rather difficult. But I like a good challenge.
76561198017687269,Not Recommended,403190,26173925,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Shade,"Idea of the game is good but honestly it feels like the developers dont want to add anything or fix anything since its been on here, the only additions ive seen of the game are workshop ones and most of them are just language changes,"
,Not Recommended,403190,30058098,Posted: 20 February,all,ZobarStyl,"Good for a few hours at best, the game's utter lack of AI makes it far more difficult than it should be. Having your colonists die from thirst after having walked past 20 available drinking fountains makes it abundantly clear that this game was shipped without any meaningful QA process. This is a throwaway iPad game masquerading as something properly coded - stay away."
,Not Recommended,403190,23663856,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Ahappychipmunk,"Not worth 19.99 imo. Very limited, you have to build it where it want you to build, if you're ocd don't buy this game fair warning! With every game like this it's all repetitive you should know that but thats not the problem it has very little content by that i mean there's nothing in the game that can engage you to play more. I have so many suggestions for this game that might (not will but might) make it better but even then the limited building placement sucks and I had to find out the hard way now im stuck with this game lol."
76561198026533332,Not Recommended,403190,23636479,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,iana4693,"Game play started OK, but then just peters out, the authers idea is good, its as if they just got sick of programing and finished the game off too early. There must be more features that can be added to a space colony and space port than the limited no in the game. Gets very boring just watching traders and visitors come and go. Very disapointed."
76561198321060514,Recommended,403190,30257363,Posted: 1 March,all,Goody100,AWESOME GAME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,403190,18907639,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Dux Galt,"I just wanted to try the game out, thinking it looked cool and even though it looked like there were some complaints about the AI(however what game primarly focused on AI doesnt have AI problems?). So I jumped in with very little clue what I was doing, the tutorial covered the very basics of sustaining a base, but nothing else. I thought this would be a problem, but I found with the tool tips and descriptions as well as the liner unlocking of buildings helped.My first 4 times playing were straight up failures one failure took me 4 hours of gameplay before everything just went wrong, I probably could have saved it. but I was so frustated I just turned off the air, until there was silence. after a couple tries I don't see how the gameplay would get old quickly, so many things can change the entire pace and direction of the game. the decisions you have to make are meaningful in the present future and very long term.some of the things I love,the graphics,the random terrianthe minimalist UIand the AI works under most conditions.some of the things I don't like/think should be improvedThe UI, I apprecaite that there are not tons of menues and screens always on and in my face, but putting everything in one corner. some things I think should be outside of the submenues, like the security setting, when you need to change to yellow or red alert, going to the menu clocking managment options and then clicking secerity and then going to the pop up in the middle of the screen and selection which alert you want to set, feels way slow.On the topic of UI I would like to see better statistical information, and predictive information like how much food you need for a civilian a day, and compare that with your storage, and beyond anything that is a convince like that I would really like to see more information about your storage, and people.I don't feel like im in charge, but instead I am doing things and they are reacting, and sometimes in a way that I don't like or in certain cases in a way that they kill themselves...There is no way to force a person to do a thing, if your colony is failing, it is extreemly hard to fix, as without being able to force one or two of your people to do one thing before anything else, they will make small problems worse, during food shortages ive noticed not so hungry people eating while someone is starving and never can walk to the food in time to get any(in that case though they did make it).the priorty system is meant to fix the above problem, but it does not work all the time, in my expirence it works if everything is running smooth, but if all your people are tierd, hungry, thirsty, sick I have never seen them do what I marked as priority but instead do the least important things, like carry supplies to storage, when I could really use the medic to be making medical supplies in the machine that has all the reqired materials in it and is 70% done.I still would say the AI is good, Ive never seen pathing issues or anyone getting stuck, if they are not doing anything there is a reson why, even if its stupid like they are tierd or where hit by an metor.The game is fun, every decision matters and I cant count the amount of times where one night the wind did not blow and power went out, keeping the situation under control with your hands behind your back(becuase lack of control) is really fufilling when you succsed."
76561197974806389,Recommended,403190,25380787,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Batman,Good game if you like sims. I would love to see a teraforming expansion.
76561198005400821,Not Recommended,403190,29436090,Posted: 22 January,all,seekyr,"Micro management from hell kind of game. The AI's are morons, they will stand around and die if there no 'right' conditions. To add why is there only two powers sources and abattery backup; No nuclear enegry....... The game has promise but it still needs alot of work mainly the micro management part and the limited power supply options. Oh and the  limted selection of food is a joke."
76561198355220779,Not Recommended,403190,29595633,Posted: 30 January,all,masterlogan44,I personally would'nt recomend this game due to how slow-paced it is and the lack of content.
,Not Recommended,403190,23620854,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Madolite,"This game had much potential, but is still in alpha quality stage in spite of being ""released"".1. Early game, the starting location of the colony ship is too random. Some starts are barely expandable.2. Your initial needs (power, water, food etc) encroach on you far too early. If you don't build the first 6 or 7 buildings in a very particular order and fast enough - game over.3. Airlock accepts multiple connections in spite of being ""T"" dead end. This usually causes a gamebreaking bug that prevent your colonists from exiting the airlock.4. Design wise, there a large variety of buildings, but almost all of them are crucial ones, leaving no room for strategic flexibility or production focuses. All resources must be near-perfectly balanced. If you forget to build certain buildings or under-produce even just a little, it's game over in no time.There's much more to say about this game, both good and bad. But I'll leave it at this.--------------------In Conclusion:I have no idea who in their right mind would give this game Very Positive with 70% on Metacritic. But whoever they are, I'm sure they are very rich individuals by now.Verdict:NOT recommended for anyone who isn't a masochist who wouldn't mind losing it all, over and over by chance! 5/10(With a future potential for 7/10 or 8/10 if the developers learn some basic design principles, because it could've been a great game)"
,Recommended,403190,29263949,Posted: 14 January,all,timmclelland,Not bad so far ... certainly worth the price on sale!
,Not Recommended,403190,25000421,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Narrox,"While i do recommend this game for people ready for a challenge, it feels very buggy! The larger the base gets the more bugs occur...That includes people starving with a single canteen full of starving people trying to get that single meal being cooked, while multiple canteens are empty with no food... One would think that there simply weren't more food in the base, but both storages and bio-domes where full of food, and plased all around the base!The game seriously needs a better AI that can think a bit more than 1 + 1... It takes time to cook a meal, so they shouldn't try to fill the same oven (or what it is), no go to the next closest oven that arent cooking meal... Also, when a starving 'worker' then finally gets some food, the oven needs to cook the next meal, and instead of waiting, the other starving workers simply leaves the canteen and properly end up dying at some random spot!I must admit I only had about 5 carrier bots at that time, but when people are starving, forget all other♥♥♥♥♥♥and go for the food, fill all canteens so there are plenty of food and tables to eat at, do NOT just try and fill a single crowded canteen!So yes, the game has potential, but is seriously flawed and not worth the money... It may just be me, so if you're ready for a challenge where a perfect base suddenly hits a magic size killing lots of persons, lowering your happiness, making it harder to get new people back, then forget all I've just said and buy the game, you'll love it!"
76561198277103599,Not Recommended,403190,28441044,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,willtreatyr.50,"TLDR? This game is overpriced and progression is slow.PROS:-It is sufficently challenging, it is quite likely your first few coloneys will starve and die, very good learning curve.-You have a lot of control over how your base is built.CONS:-This feels like a 5-10 dollar early access game, but it costs 20$. There are only 20 buildings or so, the AI is terrible, and you can't warp very fast.-Progression is very slow, I could only build one building a day with three mines and pleanty of starch and two of each of the material making machines and 20 colonists, and because you can't warp very fast this means one building every five minutes.-There isn't a decent tutorial in-game.-development has stopped"
,Recommended,403190,18556171,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,snowflake,"Pros:-Nearly perfect balance of building and resource management-Hard for the right reason. If you lose (and you will alot) its your own fault.-Doesnt hold your hand or play itself like most modern-time games today-Not a 'The sims' (in space) simulator,-Looks great visually, low requirements-Great atmosphereCons:-None really, not hard enough if anything.Improvements: IdeasNeeds more events/hazards. Rogue-like stuffLanding permission needs a reworkPower level on HUDRobot builders job queue-ing wonkyHigher tier power plants. Extremely hard to achieve using the componentsUnderground building, tunnels through hills/mountains"
76561198014972540,Not Recommended,403190,19203370,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,Perlin,"Everything was fine, I had plenty of ressources and almost 150 colonist on first planet. Then sudenly, for no reason, they all started to be hunger, and starve to death. I had a lot of food production, a lot of cantins, but they all died. I lost ALL my 150 colonist in less than 10 minute, because of IA fail. I can't recommand a game bugged like that."
,Recommended,403190,18553688,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Prince of NepNep,"A survival simulator in the same style as Banished. You start out with a small group of colonists on one of 3 planets (two are unlocked by achieving milestones) and have to build up quickly to survive.If you are familiar with Banished, this game will be an easy transition, however, colonists have fixed professions and cannot be changed. The game does feature a day/night cycle which will test your ability to store and generate power during the night and you will need to generate Oxygen, Food, Metal, and Plastics necessary to survive.The game's difficulty can be a bit challenging early on, as meteor strikes can hit parts of your base and do tremendous damage.  Also, expanding your base can provide a challenge as you'll need to balance resource and material generation. As you unlock the two other planets, the conditions change and act as a barrier against progresss). This game does NOT have a pause time feature (but you can speed it up), so making decisions requires some planning ahead.Some limitations in the game that I'm not too fond of is the restricted freedom you have to place building nodes. By default, you can only place nodes where you have an existing connection to a base. You cannot create separate outposts. All buildings must be connected. This can be troublesome in a map where you are confined or want to ""redistrict"" buildings.Overall, it's a decent challenge and a good burner of boredom."
76561198255027511,Recommended,403190,18574258,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,XDarkxWolfX,"Fast moving game, and involves alot of retries. You have to learn fast and work even faster. And you have to be careful of how you use the supplies given to you. All in all, it's a sepctacular game. 10 out of 10."
,Recommended,403190,18622505,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Six,Really enjoy the playstyle of this game.  Money well spent.  Especially enjoy how quickly they have been fixing bugs and issues raised by the community.
,Not Recommended,403190,19166550,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,coolguy69weed,Not enough content. There is realistically about 3 hours of gameplay before it becomes repetitive.
,Recommended,403190,19378305,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Inpasta,"Awesome game. I really enjoy trying to colonize planets, and it is very fun. I would strongly recomend this game :)"
76561198024858745,Not Recommended,403190,21327207,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Benjamin,AI feels poorly done. Game feels incomplete.This is release version.
,Not Recommended,403190,21540312,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Tashdacat,"TL;DR - Good base management game with great visuals and a premise I love, bogged down by buggy AI that can cause massive issues on a regular basis.Reasons I'd reccomend this game are numerous, challenginge gameplay, excellent base building mechanics, simple resource and crafting management, excellent atmosphere, there are a lot of things that lend me to liking this game.However I am forced to give a ""no"" vote due to the challenge being mostly from bugs, some forcing your stations to die slowly with no hope for recorvery and end in you just restarting in frustration. The AI is extrememly buggy more often than not refusing to actually do tasks, leading to station wide issues from lack of spares leading to oxygen and power problems.Literally the only way I could play this game is to use MrAntiFuns trainer and give myself infinite power, water, oxygen and setting all my colonists stats to infinite to stop a constant loop of ""feed, sleep, excersise"" that leads them to not doing work.If the AI got fixed, allowing it to actually work as intended, I would not hesitate to reccommend this game, as it is, the game is perfect to buy on sale, use cheats to experience and leave with an overall positive memory."
76561198040375092,Not Recommended,403190,19253527,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Strajder,"As of the time I'm writing this review, 24th November 2015, I cannot recommend this game.It looks like a nice and interesting concept, but the execution is far from playable. There are too many resources to manage, and the smallest mistake means failure. Sooner or later, your colonists will be dead, the only thing which can change is the cause. Lack of oxygen, lack of water, lack of food, lack of medical supplies, lack of spare parts to repair power generators which produce oxygen... I'd appreciate some varying difficulty, the game seems to only have one difficulty level - impossible mode. The AI is just ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, which wouldn't be a problem if you could manually override what the colonists are doing. Currently, it often doesn't matter if you prioritize some building. The colonists can just stand idle doing nothing!It is a shame, because the visuals seem nice, even though you can't fully control the camera and there is no ""possess"" mode of Dungeon Keeper."
76561198188425646,Recommended,403190,18543792,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,caseskarlo,"A very addictive and stressful game! Banished in space! You start off with a troop of colonist whose first mission is to survive the night and build up a self sustaining outposts on barren wastelands. Try to survive food shortage, power outages, solar flares and the very frequent meteor showers which could just randomly kill off half of your colonist sleeping on their bunk beds. The challenge is in managing resources and efficiently using space.In terms of replay value the game is worth it as the landscape seems to be procedural generated, graphics are fine and the game is pretty smooth.Edit:After a few hours when I've reached around the 100 person count, the AI seems to forget to tell my colonist how to prepare meals and they tend to go from module to another standing idle and back again. This is the only con I've encountered so far."
76561197991251572,Recommended,403190,18579577,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,lowLYF,Possibly the best game I have played since the Age of Empires. I am totally hooked now and I can't wait for future updates!
,Recommended,403190,18592058,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Aerkusa,Really fun base management game!
76561198114280213,Recommended,403190,18592204,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Phantom,"This is a really REALLY fun base building, life support game, with three planets it offers a variety of scenarios for a beta version of a game and i just really enjoy it and recommend it to Space building gamers"
76561198060699107,Recommended,403190,18620476,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,LineaDow,"Planetbase is fantastic. If I were to rate it on a scale of 'Oak Tree' to 'Fish eye', I'd have to put it somewhere around 'Cotton Garden'First of all, the devs seem to actually be paying attention to the feedback given by their player base, and quickly implement the changes into the game accordingly. They don't scream back ""Well then you're just not playing it right!"", instead they say ""Oh, actually that does make more sense. Thanks, we'll get onto that."" (And then a day or two later it's fixed!)Now, to be completely transparent, there are still some little annoying things that would usually rub me the wrong way - HOWEVER, with this game, I'm actually pretty confident those things will be fixed relatively quick, unlike other devs which leave you waiting months for minor updates that don't even fix the problem.With all that aside;The gameplay is also addictively fun. There are so many fun things to be doing;- planning new sections of your base, such as placing the gym equipment right next to the dining facilities, because you want to force your colonists to feel guilty every time they want to eat.- making deals with merchants who bring a variety of goods while you curse them for their inflated prices as they cash in on the fact that you really need these tomatoes.. because you just are not that good at planning ahead.- entertaining visitors for some coin on the side- installing and manning giant defence lasers to shoot down meteors that would otherwise crush one of your dorms, instantly killing 15 sleeping colonists- arming your base to the teeth with guns so that bad guys get a face full of pew pew when they try and attack- treating your people for radiation sickness because you were too lazy to activate the Red Alert - leaving them to go about their work outside without warning them of the solar flare about to hit them- locking the air-lock so that no one can leave the building, and leaving the outside workers to scream and pound on the door as they are destroyed by aforementioned radiation, fully aware that all you would need to do is turn on the Red Alert, and no one would leave. (Ok, well, the screaming and pounding doesn't happen.. but I like to imagine it does.)- Or, turning your entire base into a mass grave, due to the fact that you didn't think about your resources, and overworked your biologists, leaving them to starve to death, halting the production of any food whatsoever.This game is worth price, in my opinion."
,Recommended,403190,18667180,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Geophory,"Very addicting and deceptively hard.Both my 10-year old son and my 40-something old self become addicted right away.  Looks like it would be an easy sim-city'esk type game but it's way hard.  You don't realize how hard it is until you've played a base for 4 hours then everyone starts to die of hunger and it's too late to prevent it.  Ouch.If I had to describe it, I'd say it's a cross between SimCity, the Sims, and any random space resource management game.  Love it!"
,Not Recommended,403190,19321388,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Zogger568,"This is coming from some one who really enjoyed banished.This game is not as fun as it looks. The AI is incredibly stupid at prioritizing things. You can't layout a bunch of buildings and then wait for them to build it as they will build it in such a way as they all die, often building the critical buildings last.There are also a lot of technical issues. When playing at a lower resolution than native, the activation area for the buttons remains the same, meaning playing at a lower resolution means you have to click 3 inches to the side to do anything.Very Very disappointing."
76561197982150751,Not Recommended,403190,21360056,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Sand Phoenix,This is not a game that you want to play long term. I bear the whole game within 2 days. There are several parts of the game that really annoy me. Sometimes your people go outside but exhaust too much O2 and die on the return trip. There is absolutely no control over your people. So your biologist will work nonstop and die working and then all your people die because there is no food. In other games you can assign your people to work a resource but these guys have a mind of their own. The game over all is too simple. There are so few rooms in this game.
76561198106145009,Recommended,403190,18724992,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,48 Chromosomes,Matt Damon DLC please
,Recommended,403190,34767635,Posted: 5 September,all,Nene,"- Great sim game.- One of the best space survival sim games, if not THE best.- Worth every buck spent.- Would be nicer with more content."
76561198100766953,Not Recommended,403190,34391816,Posted: 21 August,all,Grooverider8,"Was not for me. I loved the concept and graphics, but found the game a little too restrictive in gameplay."
76561198218120157,Recommended,403190,34803282,Posted: 7 September,all,zman32402,This is one of the best computer games ive played on pc.The graphics are good and so is the gameplay.
,Not Recommended,403190,33297387,Posted: 5 July,all,TheSylveonAndTheHoovy,"not fun, no sandbox mode"
,Recommended,403190,34723860,Posted: 3 September,all,Loopy the Werewolf,"This is a pretty game, and it isn't too hard, but it has the same failing as many other games of this type and needs to take a lesson from _RimWorld_ which is the only game of the genre that I feel does it right:It needs to have an ever-increasing set of challenges/dangers thrown at you which you have to solve by using the tools at your disposal, e.g. by building a better base"
76561198047418338,Recommended,403190,18515531,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,grybeard,"This is an excercise in futility.. I just spent a few hours building and growing a colony to near 100 people.  I notice my spare parts are getting low and power generation is being effected.  Next thing I know power fails, O2 fails and I have 15 colonists left.  Thats ok, I still have a couple engineers, a couple medics, no problem.  Well apparently the engineers and medics got together and said screw the rest of em.  I painfully watched the engineers go to the spare parts production, work on it for about 30% and leave.. A couple days latet they would come back and make another 30% or so.  Finally after managing to actually get some power back online I had some visitors.. they killed everyone..fml.The AI needs some work.  If there is an immediate need for a certain thing they should prioritize production.  Even with making that building a priority they still refused to work there regularly.  I had the same issue in a previous game that had 0 food and biologists that stood around starving to death.  The threat of immenent death should over rule the need to have fun..."
,Recommended,403190,18765243,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,BarbieGirl,I absolutely am addicted to this game.  At first I kept growing my base and then suddenly everyone would starve.  Of course being me I blamed the developers for doing a poor job!  :)  What I found was I didn't do enough.  You have to balance things out.  Make sure you have enough biologists to produce plants and the right type of plants and meat to make nutritious meals.  Now I have a thriving base but I have to watch it.If you like micromanaging and growing your base then this is for you.  I do wish there were a few more items in the game but I'm sure they will do some DLC and they are releasing good patches for things as we go.Give this game a go and just make sure you play around with how you manage your base.  It is great fun!
,Recommended,403190,19234298,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,QRP,8.85/10
,Not Recommended,403190,35072982,Posted: 19 September,all,Vincent,"It's basically a more serious version of Spacebase DF-9.It's cool for a bit, but any mistake (deviating from how you ""should"" play) causes the abject stupidity of your colonists set in and you end up in a slow doom spiral, as you cannot cordon off parts of the base, recycle parts that aren't appendix parts, have separate base parts... Basically you need to do it one specific way. You can disable buildings, but restructuring the base entirely is more time consuming than starting over.Secondly, there's not really much of a challenge or change to the formula - there's not much difference to the correct solution for ten or a hundred colonists. Nothing new pops up, no new interesting challenges. You start with most of the things you can get, except bigger buildings and two other robots. Just the bottomless depths of self-destructive AI stupidity and a lack of self-preservation.I also can't escape the feeling that most of the nonsense constraints, including the AI and some base parts being dead ends ""because"", is because the developers couldn't figure out how to add challenge to a base building game. Padding. Rather than, say, actually making sand storms as dangerous as they would be, or having alien flora and fauna causing issues, or a more complex mechanic for disease...That said, it is pretty relaxing. I can't honestly recommend the game, but I wouldn't say it's completely terrible. Maybe get it on sale?"
,Not Recommended,403190,35094332,Posted: 20 September,all,Cynder Vyrarine,"I love space games but this is has ruined the taste of planet colonization. I like the concept of it but it is far from $20 worth despite the ""20-30 hours"" of gameplay. There is no dificulty in this game there is just very dumb colonists; it's a base full of Wheatly cores. You, as the player, cannot control  the units directly, they do whatever is queued up in the base. You have the ability to prioritise tasks but they still do whatever. Let me tell you all a story to add to this review:Once upon a Planetbase I built a base, it was a small base maybe 6-7 colonists and a robot named Jimmy. This base had a greenhouse, the biologists worked in it all day and night, they worked so hard they didn't eat, because the other colonists ate the food. They died and there was no food, then the other colonists died, and I go to the steam refunds, THE ENDWasn't that nice, this happens to me 9 times out of 10 because if you don't rush that spaceport for more biologists everyone will die. If I could prioritise, however; I could make them take turns sharing food and they wouldn't be the next victims of a dead space. thank you all for reading this, if you made it this far and tell me where I am wrong so I can further explain why I am infact right."
,Not Recommended,403190,35107317,Posted: 21 September,all,CannonK,"Not complete, needs better game goals. 5/10"
,Not Recommended,403190,34746641,Posted: 4 September,all,Gage Fox,Fun game for one mission playthrough which could take about 6 hours. After that it feels like the same thing over and over aand the replay value isnt quite there. If they could fix that I would turn this into a recommended game.
76561198157199860,Not Recommended,403190,35073019,Posted: 19 September,all,syshiuen,Boring after first few hours.
76561198126248239,Recommended,403190,24726923,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Tram,its a very very good game but its too hard to be relaxing and to expensive for my taste
76561197960611257,Recommended,403190,20033442,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Coxeh,"plenty todo once you first start however, there is not enough variety to keep you engaged once you have completed all the ""tasks"""
76561198082415663,Recommended,403190,20037131,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Steven Mee,Good game. You quickly get ingrossed with the gameplay making sure everything is running smoothly or panicing when things aren't going the way you want! Recommend.
76561198052706899,Recommended,403190,18827709,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Vorlath,"I recommend this game, but just barely. There are several things you need to know or put aside to like this game. First, it only allows for two of the most unreliable energy sources ever conceived (wind and solar). Don't know if they wanted to make a political statement, but from every playthrough I've seen, it's made the players curse the energy levels. No way humans would put their lives in the hand of such unreliable technology. Also, they have sandstorms. These would decimate wind turbines and solar panels alike. At least the amount of constant upkeep is in alignment with reality.Second, the game can be buggy though it works well most of the time. I think the biggest annoyance is the AI will not prioritize things correctly. For example, it seems that no one will build spares (the things needed to upkeep the wind turbines and solar panels) if metal is needed anywhere else. Then, even if the material is available, it is almost impossible to get someone to build them.And third, once you've built up every pod, the game is pretty much over. So there can be low replayability.This game is for those that like building settlements and seeing how fast or how well you can lay out everything. And for that reason, I recommend this game for those that are into that. If you're not one of these people, you may find this game a big disappointment.There are two other planets to unlock with different difficulties, mostly due to power generation again. So there is SOME replay value."
76561198099486891,Not Recommended,403190,20852876,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Rune Mooshu,"I'm simply saying no because i bought this game last night to download. Tried playing, just now, and all i get is a black blank screen. No idea why this is happening, but i'm very quickly dissatisfied and want my 20$ back..."
76561198007264643,Recommended,403190,21375732,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,metternich1815,"When I initially started playing this game, I became very frustrated as it is really a difficult game to master in the beginning even on the easiest difficulty.  One miscalculation and all of your hard work will be for nothing.  However, if you can get past this early point before you acheive self-sufficiency (which there is actually two levels of this; the first being basic where you can survive in the meantime and the second where you ensure your base will be truly self-sufficient).  It is important to monitor everything closely because things can go crazy real quick and this can lead to catastrohic failure for your colony.  Overall, this is an absolutely amazing game which I have already spent dozens of hours playing.  It is especially neat to see your small colony of only 7 people eventually turn into a burgeoning colony of hundreds of people plus robots and visitors.If you are on the fence about this game, then just go ahead and buy it.  I am not saying it is perfect (as my below comments make clear), but it is still great fun and you will get tens of hours out of it, easy.*FOR THE DEVELOPERS*: If you read this review, there are a couple of things I would like to say and I realize that you are of the belief that this game is finished.First off, I really think you should reconsider being finished.  I would like to see some additional buildings to help with ensuring variety of gameplay which is important for replay.I would also be interested in seeing the ability to build tunnels through rock formations.  That is defnitely something which can be annoying especially if you spawn in a bad place.I would also reccomend that you improve the AI system.  As it stands, the AI seems very basic.  It tends to lack basic logic which is part of what makes the game so ridculously hard.  It would also be good if the people could actually interact with one another.  All of this would help enhance the realism of the game.Finally, I would love to see greater variety of available planets.  And, I do not necessarily mean that the planets should be more difficult just different to mix up the scenery.  Maybe even have different gameplay options based off the selected planet.  An ocean world, perhaps?FInally, I would like the ability to name my saves, the current save system is VERY tedious.I know what I am asking is a fairly good amount but I think it would make the game that much better and so I hope that you opt to strive to make the game the best it can be and not settle for just good enough.However, with all this being said, let me take the time to say what an amazing job you all did.  This is perhaps the best game of its kind I have ever played!  A very great effort indeed!"
76561198096348459,Not Recommended,403190,21420850,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Hospoguy76,Good game but like all resource management games it becomes too hard to continue playing as even though there are plants to be harvested because all your colonist including your biologist no one works so everyone dies cause no one collects the food from the plants. This is stupid as everyone knows if you were starving you'd make a beeline to harvest food even if you were out of energy.Overall I'd say it provides a miserably 2 hours of enjoyment as you set up the basics only to disappoint cause with the meteors and the colonists not working it just becomes frustrating to move any further.
,Not Recommended,403190,21452059,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Väinöman,"+ a nice concept+ works well and seamessly- seems like a fun survival game before (very swiftly) turning into a grindy simcity in an alien planet- resolution sometimes locks into the lowest possible, can't change- building placement very limited- interior placement very limited- feels like a mobile game- AI is primitive and buggy. After a while most of the time people start idling."
,Not Recommended,403190,21180862,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Bernbaum,"My biologists died, so 12 idle workers stood around and watched the plants rot whilst they starved to death.Some very minor AI tweaks would make this game amazing."
76561198030582269,Recommended,403190,18921111,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,That Dirty Geeza,"Great game really loved the playstyle and everything you can do in the game, I've completed it and thought it was perfect!The only two criticisms I have is that, now I have completed it, I cannot play it again....There is nothing else to do, only 3 planets and very little content.I would say buy it if it was cheaper, as £15 for '3 levels' is not worth it.Overall great game, poor content..."
,Recommended,403190,18946495,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Hateburn,"This game is fantastic! I do need to pace myself a bit, though, because I felt like death after sitting for almost 5 hours straight just straining, watching my little moon-men asphyxiate over and over again. I also recommend definitely trying to either plan your base out just a little bit, or at least leave yourself some wiggle room, because if you want to get all the milestones, you're gonna need a lot of room, and boxing yourself into a canyon and not being able to add a sister base is a huge problem. Why can't I add another base to my same session? Who knows, probably some weird pathing issue that the devs don't want to deal with. Fine. Still, not bad, just move stuff over and make way! Decently worth 20 bucks for sure, lots of game hours and good strategy. The harder planets must be insane."
,Recommended,403190,18954988,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,P E T R A N,Good Game!Very Hard!
76561198112617804,Recommended,403190,19035377,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,amccue90,Definitely liked playing the game... for the first couple of hours. I got bored and felt like the game was dragging on and I did not feel like a lot of different gameplay was forthcoming. I may revisit a couple months from now.
76561198000796305,Recommended,403190,19053826,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,Nurse ☆*:. o(≧▽≦)o .:*☆,"I accepted a large group of injured soilders, they land and a sandstorm hit, they all die before they reached the base, and pays me 350 for good services."
76561198039519303,Recommended,403190,18619827,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,thundergawd,"Throwing a quick thumbs up out there with the intention of writing a full review at a later date.First attempt...everyone died of thirst within minutes of landing...becuase I do not know what I am doing. Tutorials, schmooturials!Second attempt....everyone died of hunger after a few days because I ran out of power...because spares are a luxury.Third attempt...really thought this one was going to make it (This is EASY!) then solar flare, biologist died, food withered and rotted on the vines. Oh god WHERE ARE THE RESUPPLY SHIPS!  Then the engineers, workers and medics all keeled over in droves.Fourth attempt...got so cuaght up in the aesthetics of base design I used up my metal bars before building a mine....I am really surprised by how much I like this game.  I have been late to work several times this past week...10/10  would lose my job to kill colonists again."
76561198051162790,Recommended,403190,18692483,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Doc.Freder,"I think, it's a very good game! It looks nice and it is not easy at all: you have to be VERY careful what you do, ressources are not likely to come by (or to be produced) and you have to plan properly, what you do first in good order for a functional environment. It is about good sequencing, balance, settlement and micromanagement in logistics.Some things could improve though but the devs seem to care in reading the feedbacks.I am glad to have given it a chance :))"
76561198103211088,Recommended,403190,18940414,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,TaraRogan,"Fairly easy to learn, but has room for improvement."
,Recommended,403190,18940927,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,qwertyBoss,"GAME AT LAUNCH:Love this game so far. Really satisfies an itch I've head ever since Outpost (yes... I've been waiting since 1994 for another good space colony sim). The graphics are beautiful, and the colonist AI is actually really great. If you don't build like an idiot, the colony will self-maintain really well.Great challenge to get up and running right in the beginning, which I love.IMPROVEMENTS TO MAKE IT GREAT:The production chain and number of buildings is a bit too limited, and there aren't enough scenarios (planet types) to keep the challenge up. An underground construction layer could be added as a late-game option. Adding colonist breeding seems like a natural upgrade path. Colonist-owned sleeping quarters already exist, which would make an easy step toward a family housing unit."
,Recommended,403190,19013545,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,dDogStaR,"This game is great if you enjoy base building. They are updating on a regular basis, fixing any issues. The Devs actually listen when something is wrong and they work on it quickly. This is a game I r8 8/8 m8"
,Recommended,403190,19031082,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,SnappGamez,Planetbase is a good game. It's kindof hard but if you have the skill and the A.I decides to cooperate (because it rarely does and because of that you're likely to fail because the colonist A.I is extremely idiotic. (A.I: Artificial Idiot)) you can suceed. Get the first ten milestones on the desert planet before moving on to the freezing and gas planets.
,Recommended,403190,18728511,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,pyromanci,"I have a fairly mised review, but mostly postive i would say.The Good: Good graphics. This game is moderatly difficult. The game play is smoot for the most part. Though some things are pretty annoying. It's addictive to play.The Bad: The AI is a little stupid. I saw 1 Colonist die due to lack of oxygen, because it didn't want to come in side the base. Lack of building varity.My 3 biggest problems are more me nitpicking then anything. The UI is lacking to me. The Camera controls are very different from most Sim Style Games and there is no Windowed Mode.Really in a few patches I think this game could be really great. So i would give it 7 out of 10."
76561198125172523,Recommended,403190,18900670,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,F4NGOR,"Very fun little strategy game.  Of the ilk of Banished.  As of right now I would describe it as bare bones, but I imagine with the interest it has garnered and possibly if they open up the code, could be great.  As of right now, a good way to kill an afternoon."
76561197971173854,Recommended,403190,19055026,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,RUFiO,"20-25 hrs of fun gameplay before i beat it all, just a couple acheivements left to scratch my completionist itch."
76561198027427060,Recommended,403190,19299461,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,crumble,Itsa good fun.
76561198007849782,Recommended,403190,18564251,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,snidell_2000,"Like the others have said. fighing the AI is most of the game. Which i guess makes it challenging. There is no story or single player story mode. Just a sandbox mode. 3 planets to choose from.The AI is just really bad. You will need certain resources like spares for instance: have plenty of engineers and raw materials but they never are made. Same with Steel more than half of my population are workers and still they either do not make steel with ore or don't produce ore. Another annoying thing is Bots becoming completly broken, you should be able to fix these. I spend most of my trading resources on buying bots because the issues with the supply chain is just terrible."
76561198073655543,Recommended,403190,18897150,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Petrogale,"Warning:Seriously Adictive !!This game is easy enough to start and hard enough to be adictive on the easy level.It's taken me over 100 hrs just to get all achivements on the first planet and then I could only reach 330 total populationbefore a total moral collapse occured.Like a real space, when something goes wrong, it becomes a run-away problem that often can not be fixed and just leaves you hanging on the edge of total failure/death.I keep trying to find a better way to build the base, to make it grow faster, to make is easier to modify, to make it more disaster proof.I hope they continue to expand with new challenges from planets with different terrains such as plateaus, gorges, craters and canyons based on the different topographies of planets we already know."
,Recommended,403190,18941800,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Des,"Game lacks depth, quite simple (like this review), otherwise nice. i recommend getting it on sale."
76561198030952537,Recommended,403190,19009668,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,silentjay6,"This is a good game, as it stands it is a freeplay game with only three planets, and the game itself is easy to pick up and play. But it would be highly recomendable to create a story mode for the game and have a lot more planets."
76561198012296801,Recommended,403190,19024754,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,Darkmage80,"Hard not to reccomend. Good little game, in fact, aside from some minor AI problems, the only complaint I have is that it is a little game. After maxing all 3 planets, I was left not wanting to play anymore, having seen it all. But in terms of the gameplay I did get, it was a good experience. Graphics are good. UI is good. Balance is good ( which is hard in a game like this.) Challenge level is good, I did fail my first couple attempts before I understood what was needed and in what order. Over all I would give it a 7 out of 10. If youre a simulation buff, check it out, if youre looking for a pure city building style game, pass."
76561198170927022,Recommended,403190,18897931,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,BigZed,Great game with tons of up side. Yes it does need work but I have seen progress by the devs with every update! This game is challenging and that's what games are supposed to be! If you are looking for easy accomplishments this game is not for you.
76561198010834494,Recommended,403190,18915791,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,jskblaine,"I only played the game for 16 hours so far, but I am enjoying it quite a bit. My first two or three colonies died fairly fast until I got the idea of what to build, and in what order. My only real complaint so far is that I will have enough materials to make most things but keep getting messages saying I am out of these things. For example, I will have plenty of the right things to make spare parts but keep getting messages saying I'm out of spare parts. Equipment is breaking down and I can not repair things because there are no parts. The macine is setting idle. It would be so nice to click on the necessary colonist and order them to go make some spare parts. But you can't do that."
,Recommended,403190,18570090,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,aeoncube,"Firstly the game does need a few more updates before it is completely playable, for instance the AI does seem to wonder about doing nothing some times when there are jobs to do but after I while I found I could get the results I wanted from them. I know the developers are working on adding new features and fixing bugs - it is a small team so I expect this to be a work in progress BUT don't let that put you off! It is a great and very addictive game for those who like resource management/survival sort of games. Played over 9 hours in one section and just wanted to keep playing.This games reminds me of theme hospital in a way - just in space! Also if you have played Banished you will get the same sort of feel from it. I have lots of suggestions for features but I am sure the developers have enough to get on with for the moment :)I know the price is a little high for a game that you will only get about 15 hours max out off until you might get a little bored of the same old BUT I think this is one of those games that with a little support will become a really good game. Just hope they don't stop working on it like the developer of Banished did (that is also a game worth checking out).I can't wait for the future updates! Well done to the developers for making a fun game! Highly recommend paying for this game to help support the developers and further updates!"
76561198030975191,Recommended,403190,18979008,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,WeArEsOcOlD,"Good game, needs more features.Resource management game that has you watch your graphs constantly. Really great visuals, the game looks stunning.AI works well. It just needs more content. A 100 person base with all but a handful of domes to choose from is nice, but I need more to keep coming back. For instance a hotel would be a nice addition. 3 worlds to play on so far, Easy, Medium, and Hard. What can I say needs more content."
76561198023231651,Recommended,403190,19258343,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Hellequin,Great survival city builder. Simple enough for a noobie but challenging enough for experienced players to get a kick out of it. I used to play banished a lot and if you enjoyed that game you will enjoy this one.
76561197980142994,Recommended,403190,19277970,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,jbharper,if there was one thing i would say about this game;its this: i want to be able to colonize every planet in the Solar system (or put a colony on the gas giants and on Venus and Mercury) PLEASE MAKE THIS HAPPEN DAMNIT!!
,Recommended,403190,18562214,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,GEN Jesus,I hope the devs run with this becasue they trully have a solid game that is fun to play. Just needs a bit more content and polish.
76561198006884041,Recommended,403190,18562838,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,velasquez_lucas,"This game is so addictive!  I love bulider games, and this one hits the spot with it being in space.  It has a little learning curve but after a couple of failed attempts it strips away hours of your life.Pros:City BuilderSpace ThemedGood varitety of buildingsGood GraphicsCons:The save feature kindda sucksNo colonist speechFeels like something is missing"
,Recommended,403190,18563315,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,thrAsher,"While not exactly what is advertised on the tin, Planetbase is a pretty interesting puzzle and resource management game. It dilutes the experience of the city builder into a package that is glossy and zen paced, but played within margins that will make some fans of basebuilders sit up. It's sort of a hack job, in some ways, and I mean that in the nicest way possible. This is a game that is doing a whole lot of things from a whole lot of perspectives, and ending up with a title that feels like it could be more.But really. Put on some tunes, relax, and Planetbase. There is something sinister in it's design, whether that be the missed opportuinites during development bewildering you or the ever ready reminder that life is fragile when lived in bubbles. I honestly almost gave this game a negative review, as I thought it was shallow. Then I played a few bases and - all in all feel it's a fine addition to a genre that I would love to see abused in gaming. RimWorld does it better, but this is again a slower paced death simulator. Mostly recommended if you are already pretty interested and won't rage too hard when your entire base goes♥♥♥♥♥♥up because everyone suffocated."
76561198024848838,Recommended,403190,18570229,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Lordhoth444,"this game is qwite good, no idea what people are saying about the ai its good"
76561198017142589,Recommended,403190,18572018,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,DiabetesCabbage,"Fun base building game, just remember, those first few bases are probably going to be♥♥♥♥♥♥ Sometimes, youll want to kill yourself because you just lost 30 colonists because there was no wind and everything ran out of power halfway though the night, but thats where all the fun is."
76561197998740055,Recommended,403190,18575571,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Spacemania,"The quick and simple explination of Planetbase is Banished on Mars.The game is quite demanding in trying to balance resourses and base management despite what appears to be a rather simple game on the outside. In reality, you are always on the edge of colony colapse with one well placed asteroid early-mid game. (I do not yet know how it is long-term yet, I have not had a succesful colony thus far. But I will not quit!) Due to its simple nature, but demanding level of skill it can easily be an enjoyable timesink but only for those who love base/city building.For the above reasons, it is a niche game but for those who enjoy this niche, it is a must buy."
76561198083918690,Recommended,403190,18620677,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Jayhawk2,"Could be better, but it does have addictive gameplay."
76561198071988637,Recommended,403190,18898376,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,jonathanB,"It's way more challenging than any other management game i've played, but that challenge means it's far more rewarding when things go well."
76561198110860187,Recommended,403190,18920796,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Danish,Welcome to Planetbase the Banished game but in SPACE! You'll have a good colony going on and then all of a suddne everything and everyone dies just like Banished! Have Fun! :)
76561198137901940,Recommended,403190,18930585,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,aslo,I know I'm out of spares stfu!
,Recommended,403190,18941031,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,BIRD BIRD KILL IT,"Don't use Wind Turbines, and Workers are way more important than Laborers were in Banished - don't stop recruiting them, it'll go real bad."
,Recommended,403190,18954105,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,ptor,"It's a nice small, fairly short game in which you try and optimize production lines and needs.There are quite a few issues (mostly horrible AI pathing and prioritizing) on which the developers seem to be working on"
76561198000456243,Recommended,403190,18936013,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Pansey,"Build Epic Base with big Laser to pew pew falling rocks, oops low on power, rock hits bio dome killing all my biologist........everone slowly starves to death.    8/10 for pew pew's and starvation."
,Recommended,403190,18974496,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Molin,"I would put it as a mix between Space Base DF9 and Banished. The only difference is that this game is complete, and its AI is much better than Space Base DF9 (although it does have its flaws).On my first playthrough I ran out of spare parts, and watched my colony slowly run out of power and die. I feel sorry for the last man that lived."
76561198074355275,Recommended,403190,19097882,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,++Fire Fox++,Hey! its a fun game!! very nice~but...where is the toilet lol?
,Recommended,403190,19746933,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,TheAlmightyFez,Nice game but can be unforgiving. 8/10
76561198049833250,Recommended,403190,24962501,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Black Babe Killer Payne,Why suck d:ck when you can build a space base on and unknown planet and try to survive
76561198189623025,Recommended,403190,22472289,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Audrey Hepburn,how they poop?
76561198058428312,Not Recommended,403190,30738499,Posted: 25 March,all,codystarslinger,Difficult and very limited really not worth $20
,Recommended,403190,20513268,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Detective_Fox,"People say this is incomplete, if you ever played games that says 1.0.0, well they aren't finished in development yet already passed the 'bad' process of development. At least this game is not as worse as you all think.Planetbase is more or less a problem solving game, and is best recommended to people who likes to manage a fully complex station. But the game is made to create a lot of scenarios for you to think abotu what your trying to do...Any one who thinks this game is useless, aren't thinkers or even clever at all...Think before you judge a game people..."
,Recommended,403190,22653655,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,UnotiTalius,"Honestly a rather interesting, fun, and addictive time waster. I wasn't sure when if I'd care for it when I bought it but generally if you play the game you'll find a slight learning curve. It does get rather repetitive so if you need to feel free to take a step back and play some other games and then come back to it. I'd recommend this game for anyone who is looking for generally an easy going game that does have a bit of a curve. It's more for the casual gamer like myself but the elements do make the game still quite fun."
,Recommended,403190,20065883,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,VidaarX,"Ok so honestly I bought this game after watching Matt Damon's ""The Martin"".Super Fun game Kind of hard but follow the tutorial it shows everything you need to know.For a Early Access Single player RTS its pretty good.7.2 User Score Metacritichttp://www.metacritic.com/game/pc/planetbaseAnd for a Early Access game they are updating it frequently."
76561197983054129,Not Recommended,403190,22195212,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Sillage,"The game have a great potential, but the IA is all ♥♥♥♥ed up. When I start a game, at some point, my people is doing nothing else that waiting in the corridors. Waiting for the death. The space adventure is not for them."
,Recommended,403190,21212992,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,AngelMarc,"game is great with one thing that simply kills itjust as example :if humans [ as per this game ] work like in this game, our civilization schouldnt even be born, as simply our ancestors would die before they will be able to do anythingthis is after some patch, that soupose to ""fix"" this, looks that developer doesnt give♥♥♥♥♥♥about people who back him on pre-release, or after that"
,Recommended,403190,21757965,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,BOB-SAGET,"This is an excellent builder game! Not too complex, not too simple, and very challenging. I like the music too, it's not overly repetitive and also keeps you focused. After mastering all 3 levels, I wish the devs would release an expansion pack with more levels! The only complaint I really have is that the malnutrition is pretty broken.. The mealmakers' AI needs to be reprogrammed or it needs to have more storage so that proper meals can be made instead of basic ones."
,Recommended,403190,25604264,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,hihihi123411,Great game but the workers can be annoying at the best of times...the best way to counter this is to add the ability to prioritize buildings
,Not Recommended,403190,29430151,Posted: 22 January,all,ipaz12,im sorry really enjoyed the game until all everybody stopped and didnt move or work and they complain about no food and they just stay in move around when there are things to be done fix this bug its supper annoying plus it annoys me that they stand there not building the food place thing and ooh our foodd supply is low and 3 min later there all ded -_-...fix itEDIT: thank you dev seeing my cooomment but all the problems are stated in this rev so read itEDIT:i cant enjoy the game anymore cause of this and you wont fix it cause you wont read my thing thats why i still cant pplay the game thx you for wasting my money give me a refund
,Recommended,403190,30511029,Posted: 14 March,all,Chonto,space banished
76561198314224785,Recommended,403190,26070358,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,hamani_20,I love this game  thank you
76561198283416250,Recommended,403190,21860376,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Moon Squad,it is a great game try it it is worth the $20
,Recommended,403190,20691011,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,JaXm,"Great Game.I am a veteran with these types of games. Skip the tutorial. Stare at the screen looking for the build buttons. Find it, start building O2 building. Took too long, everyone dies.Go back and do the tutorial. There we go, now I see what I did...Start a new game, start laying down the base planned out into an expansive one. Notice everyone is thirsty. Forgot to build fountain. Everyone dies of thirst.New game, focus on building in the same pattern, this time I built plenty of fountains. Yep this is good. Time to build biodome for food. Spent all my resources, can't build plants. People start dying of starvation.New game. Ration out the resources. Get fountains. Get bunks. Get biodome. Get mine. Get water and power. Sweet. Forgot processing center. Try to juggle recycle, cut too much water, plants die, O2 goes out. Everyone dies.Multiple games later... Finally get a nice base built up. 50 population, spare food, water, power... Yeaaaa boy. Ran out of spares. Power slowly starts wavering as I scramble to build factory. Couldn't get spares in time. Power out, everyone dies.Ffs. Fine, rinse and repeat again. finally get a base built up doing good. Steady ammount of traders coming in. Bam, 5 invaders stop by. First stop is biodome. Kills 3/4 of my biologist. Forgot to get guards. Slowly starve,First session played this game for 7 hours straight. Did not move from my desk. Finally got up, had to♥♥♥♥♥♥so god damn hard. Like you ever go out and party hard one night, wake up in the morning and♥♥♥♥♥♥for a solid 5 minutes that hurts your balls it's coming out that hard? Yea. That was me after the first play through.10/10 Would burst bladder again"
,Recommended,403190,31347449,Posted: 24 April,all,Akatala,"This game puts a whole new spin on the city-builder genre. I applaud the thinktank people who came up with this game. I also want to say thanks to the people who put time into the visually appealing graphics and ear-pleasing ambient background music that adapts to situations and becomes useful in dealing with intruder situations. One little irk though, at least on the Class-D world, there are way too many mountains and I find myself getting stuck in my colony expansion cause of such highly limited space.Those things being said, I'll move on to a player-directed review. This game is NOT for casual play. Those looking to play it should see it on the same level as chess. New-comers, expect to fail alot before you figure out exactly how each part of the system works. This INCLUDES the use of charts and power/water grid data. Make sure you can store double what you colony needs to run on. Remember that every addition or change you make to your colony infrastructure can either make or break the colony, and that break may take a few days to show the result of some cascade failures. Also, robots are your best friends! Bring in just enough colonists to run one complete set of production and ammenties, then stop and focus on building carrier bots. Robots are your best friends. If you can have at least 25% of your total population made up of bots, then your colonists can refocus on more important things. I highly advise reading other guides out there to get familiar with what you will need to get a colony to not only sustain itself but also become a solid economic machine in terms of exports to traders.All in all, this is a great immersive game for those that enjoy a strategic challenge. Bonus source winks for sci-fi/space opera fans."
76561198052574067,Recommended,403190,31341251,Posted: 24 April,all,gleep_thedragon,"An enjoyable little base management game. Pretty good music, mechanics complicated enough to be engaging but not so complex as to be obnoxious. The AI is not perfect, it seems to struggle in particular when your bases get large and long walking distances start becoming a problem, but I did not find it bad enough to limit my enjoyment."
,Recommended,403190,31330475,Posted: 23 April,all,Planefan 08,"Look, before you say anything, I'm not exactly an expert review. Just warning you.First of all, these graphics are amazing. I.E. In security cam mode, you can zoom in on your colonists, and everything right down to the lines on their clipboards doing a check or tearing open a crate is all down to each precise detail. And it runs well as long as you don't have a potato PC, so that's a win-win.Secondly, the realism? Unbelieveable. Everybody should have this.The game is 100% bug- and glitch-free from what I've seen so far. This game deserves much more than 22$ CAD, even though it is indeed nice to save some bling.  Overall, long story short: If you have the money, get it. No questioning."
,Recommended,403190,32528814,Posted: 18 June,all,Aenon,It's good
76561198339384818,Recommended,403190,31694589,Posted: 11 May,all,killerfrog17,itsa good game with cool game stuff and is a game of cool
76561198049064817,Not Recommended,403190,30360256,Posted: 6 March,all,nick.matthews,"I would really like this game, but the most frustrating thing is that there is only an extremely coarse level of micromanagement available.You can increase the priority of some of the modules, and your colonists will then work on them, but as there's a manufacturing pipeline, it's very easy to have a big deficit in one area of the pipeline. I've also had colonists die of starvation, because no one had bothered to bring the vegetables from the greenhouse to a canteen where it gets changed to food. I have like 80+ units of vegetables, but five colonists die of starvation.At this point, I can't recommend this game, but if a patch is later released that fixes the useless AI, I'd be happy to revisit."
,Recommended,403190,18729254,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,kavouras,"Forgets game running for 30-40 minutes, half population dead 10/10"
76561198065012340,Recommended,403190,26687396,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,okm,Very fun and engaging.
,Recommended,403190,28933705,Posted: 2 January,all,Aidan Kozak,"♥♥♥♥in love this game. Its the best feeling when all of your crew is about to die of dehydration and then you finally finish building the drinking fountain and they all get up and line up for some water. Its hard at first, but once you get started, it is a blast. Too bad my laptop overheats and shuts down every 15 minutes while playing this game lol. Solid 8.5/10"
76561198026627023,Recommended,403190,29540202,Posted: 28 January,all,loccobrown,Good game
76561198141729879,Recommended,403190,26955784,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,timlet,very fun game for a little while needs more things too do get pretty repetitive after a while probs wouldnt pay 20 dollars for it
76561198280814966,Recommended,403190,28264286,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Scorpionking420,Look im not going to take long but this game has managing and when you are able to do what you want when you want it's rly exiting and you always have to goal to achive that is why i will like this game and i hope that evvery one who reads this will understand with it being youtube or it be buying it and playing it yourself but this game if worth the money guys
76561198047596420,Recommended,403190,22136646,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,dandrewburrows,This is a good little game but the AI is so dum they kill themselfs!  It need to bealbe to assing works to do jobs like work on stuff of fix stuff and not stand around like a dump♥♥♥♥♥and die!
,Not Recommended,403190,20615254,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,stry3,Strange stupid game.My biologist went to the outdoors (why? for what?) then went to the connection on the other side of the base and... Yep went to sleep.
76561198235736660,Recommended,403190,22084398,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Cheese,the bases must stink because there are no toliets or showers but other than that it's fun
,Recommended,403190,22152950,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,NatIsrael972,"Though there are only 4 planets, it is well done and the music is great too! Hope to see more challenges and possibly ""alien invasions"" and not just ""unwanted idiots"" intruding my base HAHAHA"
,Recommended,403190,26344624,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Pirate GDBLiam,i was the last hope for everyoneeveryone die
76561198058491900,Recommended,403190,24434955,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Goose Boy,">Start base>construct solar panels, water extractor, airlock, oxygen producer, the whole shebang.>night time falls>forget solar panels dont work at night>oshit.jpg>Power goes out>all my colonists are inside the base when this happens>airlock locks due to lack of power>cant get colonists outside to build wind turbines to restore power>they all suffocate because oxygen is offline10/10 would suffocate all of my colonists on the first night again"
,Recommended,403190,20012645,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Yo! Sushi,Nice little strategy game that allows you to rule a colony. You get to start on Mars and make a base.Pros- Very good game for a early access not obvious bugs and it runs well with a nice GUICons- Not the most content as it only has 3 planets to build on which seem to just act like different difficulty levels.
76561197965095493,Not Recommended,403190,19687850,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,ZERO,"Buy this if its around, $5, it is cool but linear. If you don't get your building progression correct everyone will die and you will run out of resources to build new♥♥♥♥♥♥fast."
,Recommended,403190,24221413,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,(SHG) Suid-Belgiese-Veg-Otter,Very addictive
76561197979820503,Recommended,403190,18741459,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Spinked,"This is not easy .. I love it :)It has a few quirks but it seems the devs are fixing them fast ..So get Planetbase, it's actually a challenge .."
76561198017910022,Not Recommended,403190,24197989,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Mulkaccino,The foolish AI broke this game for me. I'll try again later.
,Not Recommended,403190,21933861,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,My Pa's Axe,"AI is idiotic, often choosing to carry a box around and starve to death or run out of oxygen and suffocate rather than fixing these simple problems."
76561198145674841,Recommended,403190,21927815,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Dudley [SuperiorServers.Co],Could do with mods that made it easier e.g unlimited supplies or instant build. But the actual game is really good the graphics are amazing and the natural diasasters make it really realistic. Strongly recommend it to people that love base-builders and creating robots!
76561198032834655,Recommended,403190,21974564,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,LonelyTandemBiker,"Very fun little colony sim. You will need to look into/figure out how the AI works to succeed. Game is more complex than it seems. If you're looking for a chill sim-building experience with a spacey feel, this is it! Gets regularly updated too!"
76561198165855569,Recommended,403190,33562421,Posted: 15 July,all,Mr.SWEG,T
,Recommended,403190,23831006,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,MAOJ1001,"Fun game, here is one of my play throughs:-Start off strong-Play for 4 hours improving base boasting 70 people-Forget landing pad on-Population hits 90-Scrabble to facilitate all new colonists-Realize all my power reserves are gone-People start dying as oxygen generators fail-Shut off all uneeded building so the oxygen generators have power-Save my base from running out of oxygen-Realize lots of biologist have died (The colonists you make food)-Have a food shortage-Food shortage causes more people to die-Not enough biologists left to make food-Everyone starts starving to death-Remaining population withers away leaving a massive base behind8/10 Would starve my colonist again"
,Recommended,403190,32293370,Posted: 9 June,all,RChicken,"Its a fun city builder, but once you reach a sustainment phase, where you are self sufficiant, the game plateaus. So, it can occupy some time if you are looking for something different to play for an hour or two."
,Recommended,403190,20201833,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,TheNandoShow,"Attempt #1: Everyone suffocated because I didn't place my buildings properlyAttempt #2: Everyone suffocated because I forgot the airlockAttempt #3: Everyone starved after my robots stopped workingAttempt #4: Ran out of metal, then everyone starvedAttempt #5: Ran out of power, then everyone suffocatedA fun challenge"
76561198026011832,Recommended,403190,27596053,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Silverocean,"wierd, I was not expecting it to be fun ... like the first time i played simcity"
,Recommended,403190,27590165,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,LengendB89,"Good game but please fix the priority system.It's horrible,caused my colony to die because of it."
,Recommended,403190,28935150,Posted: 2 January,all,Acejoker68,Great time killer and adictive
,Recommended,403190,32944612,Posted: 28 June,all,Sam Hamwich,Very fun little Mars colony base building game.  Challengeing at different stages throughout and the different planets with scenarios can mix it up enough to keep you busy for a while.
,Recommended,403190,20745419,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,myhf,Great soundtrack. I like the song that plays during dust storms.
,Recommended,403190,26724425,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Softerware,"Very fun simulation strategy game. Immersive atmosphere, well done."
76561198255975800,Recommended,403190,26757909,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,maegosso,AMAZING
,Recommended,403190,34061651,Posted: 6 August,all,JiP,great space city building game
76561198052011345,Recommended,403190,34063551,Posted: 6 August,all,crazylegs299,Definitlyworth the money
76561198129101111,Recommended,403190,18635239,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,unknown.notregistered,"This is a beautifuly crafted survival basebuilding game.It has its limits, and a good deal of quirks - but once you get the hang of it, it is a good game for what it tries to do.The trick I have found is you cannot build big first and fast. Start small, expand cautiously - and make liberal use of landing privledges. Nothing wrong when knowing you can't take more in than you can handle. Expand too fast, spend too much too quick and you end up digging yourself into a hole you are not prepared for. Slow and steady wins the race, and this hammers that lesson in hard.To me, this is the space survival management game I was looking for in other titles, and it does it in a very fair manner.A definite reccomindation from me if you are looking for a good space survival management game.EDIT:Once I got enough play hours and kept growing larger and larger bases a major flaw is becomming apparent: the AI is spotty. They have done a number to help, but the core issue is a pathing problem that doesn't account the domes or connections as lines, but rather needs and a radius of search. The result is a habit to cluster, often overpopulating and draining resources much faster than desired. Its not unsolveable I think, and would hope it is patched more adequately - but aside from that issue, it does not dissuade me from enjoying the game.It is just a hiccup to learn for now, annoying sure, but not unsolveable. It still leaves a rather astheically beautiful game that runs surprisingly well and hammers in a strong survival balancing act of how to grow and expand without overstepping your abilities. I still see this as a good reccomendation, but now with abit of caution - it is borderline punishing if you don't find a good way to grasp the AI issues, or at least until they patch them better. But to me, that's the kind of challenging addition that is almost to be expected here."
76561198042397713,Recommended,403190,31857784,Posted: 20 May,all,Togomode,It's nice ;)Also people get bombed by meteors so theres that as well
76561198057783067,Recommended,403190,22640997,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Manly.Man.Johnson,"this game is pretty gucci.The problem with it is that it becomes very visually boring after while. it is really cool to make it so your base survives, but after that point there feels like all that can happen is to get bigger until there is no space left. I would be cool if you could look for alien artifacts or eventually be able to teriform a planet after setting up like, 3 successful colonies and eventually having its atmosphere be breathable or something cool like that"
,Not Recommended,403190,21843492,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Alberto,This game is terribly balanced. practically unplayabe.
76561198097528994,Recommended,403190,18519327,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Irish,"EDIT: Original review still below.I had a bug with this game that were just terrible, but they fixed it! And the developer has already patched the game a few times only days after launch to address bugs.I've put another 10 hours into the game today and stretched out across the ice planet. The AI seems a little better and resources are being better handled across my storage units. I must say a lot of the little bugs are resolved if you design the base a little better. Maybe I just suck at these games but it took me like the first 15 hours to just really get the proper way to setup the base.I did give this a negative review but after some patches and the developer really putting some good effort into a smooth launch this certainly deserved an update and a proper thumbs up.Great work guysOrig review;It's fun! I was fun... Until you get your base built up pretty well. Once you hit some achievements like obtaining massive power and the century (100 people).At this point the game can't seem to handle the amount of things going on. You can really see people get stuck on things and just seem really all over the place. But ONE thing kills this for me, when things get busy or something doors close between walkwalks. I can't open them again, the game is stuck like that and it cuts off those passageways. All the people stuck in the tubes just run the air out and the die. It's happened on every build I've tried at almost the same time. I followed all the basic troubleshooting steps but I can't fix it.So in short, it was super fun but it's broken and that makes me sad. You can only build so high and then the game breaks and the AI gets all wonky. Sorry guys, but it was awesome until it broke"
,Recommended,403190,18525978,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,OD [IZK SGT] NotGpless,<Lands<Day 1<Everoyne dies inside bases from no O210/10 would try to evac again
76561198120742738,Recommended,403190,18532782,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Capt.Obvious3,This game is one of the best games I've played on steam and i highley reccomend it i enjoy the fact that is is seperate from the typical city builder and i hope they continue to update this game.i do have a few reccomendations though i think you should have an easy normal and hard mode messing with how hungry people get disasters  and  dependability when i first played it was really hard to get started off i aloso hope there can be another power system where you can mine ore and burn it for power or something like that. maybe even a new planet these are just recommendations for the game but i think it would add alot more gameplay and dificulty those are my thoughts for the game but still i highley reccomend it
76561197970556277,Recommended,403190,18540333,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Sludgeporpoise,"Edit: The latest patch cleared up both of the major problems I was having below, and the game became fun again. It's a little lacking in depth and content, but it's safely a ""recommend"" at this point.~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~I love the premise and the basics of this game, but it is such a huge, crushing disappointment in the details. What finally killed it for me was having 6 medics standing around why both of my high priority medication machines were left unmanned and unproductive. My entire base slowly died from various treatable maladies.I reset, then I hit a bug where my base died from malnutrition... even though literally every food option was available to the colonists.You have very little control over the details, only the very broad outlines. This would actually be fine with me, if the AI and logic of your colonists didn't suck so bad.There are other bugs and inconsistencies in how your colonists behave that just make the game frustrating, not fun.There IS the skeleton of a decent game here. Maybe if the devs tweaked and polished it for another 6 months they'd have a quality product. As it exist now, I cannot recommend it and wished I had not purchased it."
76561198007428792,Recommended,403190,18551301,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,sander421,"Nice game, but needs balancing. When building the recourses you need you surely get into trouble with Iron/Steel. It just takes too long to create these. And because of this, the game just gets too slow. I did recommend this game but only because it plays nicely. Needs adjustments!!!"
76561197960520365,Recommended,403190,18545076,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Psylencer,"The game is fun, and I'd play it for days. But the AI seriously needs fixing. Base has gone from stable to everyone dying just because the AI refuses to do what I want it to do (in my case, produce spares). The prioritization system doesn't seem to work for buildings that produce things out of several materials. And I noticed my engineers were busy carrying plant stuff all day long instead of producing the spares. No one was bringing metal to the spare producing machine despite there being a supply of it and its priority. In fact, the AI seemed more ""normal"" when I didn't have anything prioritized. Eventually the power generators break down, the power goes out, and everything else along with it.Edit: After figuring out some of the mechanics, it's now a great game :) Hoping someone will post a thorough guide soon because there is not enough information in the game. I still have no idea if the priority system works, so I just leave everything with priority turned on just in case it has some effect on the AI's idle time."
,Recommended,403190,18556403,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,TDSGaming,Can you make it possable to make a platform for coop or muitlplayer. It would be really cool! and the AI are a little bit broken. hope you can do a coop worlds and severs.
76561197963848584,Recommended,403190,18571649,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Beguiled,Only played the tutorial so far and already really loving the concept. Can't wait to build out my first real base!
,Recommended,403190,18553437,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,MafiaProtectron,Real-life martian colonization can't be as hard as this...
76561198066414363,Recommended,403190,18554791,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,lilvlovechicken,"Had my only engineer and 2 other workers went to bunk after finish a mine, finally made my base sustainable. Meteorite fell through the bunk killing all 3 leaving behind a population of 1 bot and 2 biologists. The biologists lasted another 2 days and eventually died of no sleep. 10/10"
76561197986295842,Recommended,403190,18845241,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Vegashooter,Addictive fun base building game thats always improving . If you like Banished you will like PlanetBase !
76561198276140491,Not Recommended,403190,31049335,Posted: 9 April,all,SlippySkippy,I love this game very much but 10 hours into the game and i was never attacked so i mean its just reptitve. I got a huge functioning colony and it has trash ai
,Recommended,403190,30439330,Posted: 10 March,all,JJ_ceo,"This is a great game, I really love how it keeps you on your toes!Aside from somevery minorbugs, which all games tend to have. It always keeps me comming back for more!It's not for everyone, if you love GTA and COD, I probably wound't say it's your type.But if you love SimCity, the Sims, Factorio, or any other simulator game that gives you consistant challenges, you'll probably love this game.Plus it's in space! Who doesn't love space?!"
76561198117518355,Recommended,403190,33734046,Posted: 22 July,all,shanemi,"Overall I enjoy the game.   I will say that 2 things become incredibly frustrating if you play and build a large to moderate base. There is no way to prioritize, there is only regular urgency and high urgency.  this toggle also cannot be used for repairs, so the AI will gleefully build items inside the base as the powergrid falls into disrepair.  The AI in general of your colonist is sometimes absurd. The game is fun if you enjoy base building and management style games, just beware that some system failures can cascade quickly and cost you many colonists."
76561198048793937,Not Recommended,403190,30517294,Posted: 14 March,all,[TGB] Frenzal,Every game you build build the same things in the same order.... so it gets repetetive very quickly.There is also no real enemy to fight with...
,Not Recommended,403190,24583938,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Planetary Crystal,"Its and ok game but only get it when its on sale. i had to use 20 bucks on this game. the next week others paid 13 bucks. Its fun at the start. However, i die or have to wait like an hour on 2x speed for anything to build becouse A. the workers are sick B. im out of materials to get the building that gets me materials C. Im out of medical supplies to do things. i could have bought better games."
,Not Recommended,403190,29391947,Posted: 20 January,all,fidgety44,"Very frustrating to play as you can get to  a point where your colonists stop building, and it's not obvious why."
76561198007318875,Not Recommended,403190,29773350,Posted: 7 February,all,bilbo20,this game is terrable way to energy hungry building the colonist act like idiots that will stand around doing nothing missing the quickest paths of travel from A to B then there is the random power fluxuations very little creative controle over how the bace can be dyed before the AI messes up. then there is the problem with random shooting that you cannot stop even if you have armed security colonist will stand there and starve to death even if they have food. to be honest it seems a good premiss for a game but not well done
76561197962363168,Not Recommended,403190,30618039,Posted: 19 March,all,aR_HellSoldier,"I can't recommend spending money on this (Sorry devs). Everything is present in the game, you build the same things over and over again. The only challenge is managing the economics of your expansions and sustainment. You'll get to 50-100 colonists and ask yourself if you really need to keep expanding. Answer; you don't. There's no objective and no big win.Wait for the full version imo."
,Not Recommended,403190,23654902,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,neil.cole1,I was enjoying this game but it really needs better AI or better ability for control. I produced a triving colony. The colony had a ton of extra vegitables and meat. Then the people started to die of starvation. I had meal makers a ton of bots to help and minimal work load. There was no reason for people to be dying and yet...better AI is a must for this game to be really playable. I think with some fixes this will be a great game. For now I would recommend staying away. It certainly is not worth 20 dollars.
76561198150255229,Not Recommended,403190,30642395,Posted: 20 March,all,dwjm09,this game is a boat load of boring1. no objecive other than build a base then get bored2.get frustrated when your workers do not do what they should and it f*** the whole colony over3. this game looks cool until you play itp.s. the game tutorial shows you how to do♥♥♥♥♥
76561198056709869,Not Recommended,403190,24301126,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,pi,Tried it for one hour but he AI just does not work. Bots will move around and not perform tasks that are a priority. Maybe worth waiting until it gets fixed but seeing new features being implemented before patches is not a good sign.
,Recommended,403190,18796670,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Thomas Clancy,Id say this game is more early access and has quite a few bugs but the devs seem to be patching it quite a bit. All in all in its current state id say at least 6.5/10 once the bugs get fixed easily a 7.5 or 8
,Recommended,403190,32482931,Posted: 16 June,all,krunkkd,"Great game, however the forced cutscenes are annoying after your first few play throughs, and become infuriating later. Same with the tutorial message that pops up if you don't play it, no way to dismiss it until you actually play the tutorial."
76561198256672493,Recommended,403190,26202946,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,PIMPINrex #letsgoliquid,Very challenging game but it is very fun and at points stressful but also relaxing!
,Recommended,403190,26240236,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,spinningcog,Love the game!
76561198004263247,Recommended,403190,26688110,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Ais Krim Goreng,"U'll learn that u can die of..lack of oxygen.... understandable..lack of food........ understandable..lack of water....... understandable..lack of sleep....... understandable..crushed by meteor.. understandable..cosmic rays........ understandablebut no toilets? These guys sure can hold their bladder very well.For those who likes to watch goldfish in their bowls, this THE game.I love it"
76561198209055649,Recommended,403190,20861969,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Polnoch,"Did you play in Tropico? This game also provide you un-manage colonists, but, like Tropico, you can build buildings(you need to make order, and one of Engeener or Constraction bots will do this), and setting colony politics.I really doesn't understand negative reviews! It's fantastic game with wonderful gameplay.Yes, here is some problems, becouse game is new, for example, I want see here prioritetes iside one building (in game you only can setting up prioritetes for whole buildings between another buildings), also, if here will more-levels prioritetes, it will be better then simple one-level prioritetes.Also, may be more reality will be better? Why colonists die after some of hours without eating? Please note: human can be alive aproximility 1 mounth without eat :) But of cource, after some of days he can't works enough time, and after 2.5-3 week he possible will die after start eating, becouse health broken.2 days without sleeping - human probably dies. Also, why colonists requires table for eating, and bed for sleep? I think, will better, if sleeping floor, colonists's morale decrease, and also, he can broke health (becouse he can get cold)."
,Recommended,403190,22198489,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,TheMaster101,I play this game all the time. I prefer you get it if you like city builder games. The only problem is that when you want something to get built these little people go do it and when that happens it somethings take so long for them to do it.
76561198020962200,Not Recommended,403190,25714260,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,Flopsidoodle,"Planetbase is probably a good representation about what would be like to live on Mars - pretty boring once you get past the initial appeal.It's a colony builder game with nothing particularly original about it: populate an alien world by securing food sources, mining resources, crafting tools, expanding living space, trading, fighting bad guys, and so on.  Once you've built every type of facility there's not much else to do beyond build them all again and get bigger.  There are milestones to achieve though, which means you can unlock different planets and do the same thing again on a different-coloured terrain.Not a fan."
,Recommended,403190,25918652,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,freshchris96,very fun game till you beat it. then its just pointless. cant really expand or do anything with its clustphobic starting area.
,Not Recommended,403190,18808745,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,[HK] FAT,"Don't buy this game except you have too much money to wasteI can tell that the AI system is the most 'powerful' one I have ever seen.When the colonist is lack of water, he or she eats, and when they is hungry, they drink water.The base need power supply, they go to build things except the solar panels or wind turbines.Afterall, the developers are trying their best to♥♥♥♥♥♥you off by using uncontrolable NPCs and Stupid AI system, while using ""Grow food, collect energy, mine resources, manufacture bots, and build a fully self-sufficient colony."" these words to pretend that they are making a wonderful game, but the fact is trolling you.Think twice before you waste time and 20 dollars before you purchase this game."
76561197972385245,Recommended,403190,25625567,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,ItalianStalin,"Good, but not great.   Really just a step behind in complexity against the better sim games out there.   AI is pretty dumb, and it's not terribly difficult to fall off a resource cliff that will kill off half or all of your poplulation.  Good for a game or two, but further scenarios don't really add much besides less resources to play the same game with.It's really just a matter of finding whatever balance of population/farming/power generation is necessary to become self-sustainable, then fast forward until you can build the next piece of your base.   If you are pretty borderline and your colony starts running into trouble though,the controls aren't really specific enough to pull it back from the brink.   You have one biologist left and everyone is going hungry?   Too bad the security guard ate the last meal.   Have an oversupply of starch in your cargo room?   Have to sell it all to a trader for scraps because it just froze your entire procution of everything else.There are even production limits for a few comodities, but for some reason it's limited to only a handful.Overall, I'd say this game is okay if you're looking for about 5-10 hours or so.    It doesn't have the depth to keep my interest for much longer than that though."
,Not Recommended,403190,19372115,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Hawke,"I love this game, its really addictive and i've enjoyed exploring it setting up a functioning base on the Mars like planet. The graphics are really lovely, trouble is this game is very similar to Banished, once you get things set up and running there is no mid or late game, no upgrades, no real tech trees, map size is limited and you can only have 1 base so you will get about 8 hours gameplay, get bored and move on. It feels like this has been released and should really be early access, it needs a lot more content and would really benifit from Steam Workshop content to open the game up more.In short, great fun game but would i recommend this? At the moment, no."
76561198024260960,Not Recommended,403190,19363210,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,danshu15,I can only imagine how bad this game must've been before the pathing was fixed.
76561197971905461,Not Recommended,403190,19606919,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,Mandate of Heaven,"Pretty good.Game has a nice pace and I feel like I can build how I like.Game gets old fast though - like playing an app game on a phone you quickly run out of thingsto do as there are very few options.Recommendation lands on a ""no"" becuase of the lack of options and things to do so youreally feel like you've been playing a demo for a few hours. It does makes me want to finda similar game, though - just bigger."
,Not Recommended,403190,21546022,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,russellestes1,"I wish there was more, substance to this game. It's fun at first, but quickly gets old once you become familiar and successful."
,Recommended,403190,24319660,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Smokey_Bong_Hits,"Great game. Lots of time goes into this game. Its like Age of Empires but in space. Love this game. Worth the money. Hard to start out. And you really, really, really need to watch your resources. If you run out of anything your ****ed.-Smokey Bong Hits"
76561197970551551,Recommended,403190,29230443,Posted: 13 January,all,ghw,Game is good you do have to watch it at the start when you setup or you will die off real fast
,Recommended,403190,28594168,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,BebeQ,This is Awsome #Awsome
76561198255786517,Recommended,403190,28507537,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,SpookySpirits,I can not... stop... playing this game.
76561198072089091,Not Recommended,403190,20735519,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Ragus,This game has a lot of problems.Like when the workers are hungry they dont eat sh^# even if ı have food.
,Recommended,403190,21858842,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,⎛⎝Pelethite⎠⎞,"9/10, But not for those easily frustrated.Reminds me of AI war with some of its quirks.RED ALERT! THIS IS NOT A DRILL! BATTLE STATIONS! Alfonso the engineer: Guess I'll go outside and fix some stuff. Dies.Food Low: Biologists too hungry to make food.Food Available: Its sooo far away, guess I'll just starve.Stuff gets damaged if left in the elements? Workers on strike.Update:Guardsman Williams was the last survivor today. Plenty of food. Slept to death. I DID put the base on red alert before he died, though, so It'll be just like a movie if adventurers find my base someday. Red strobe lights and klaxons with bodies litering the floor.Update:I set priority on a building. The builders flipped me off and proceeded to build every building BUT that one and then went to sleep.Update: Do NOT let a bot die while carrying stuff in an airlock doorway."
,Recommended,403190,23191127,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,[NFG] RSTV.GAMING,Lots of fun and I just started. Pretty easy to get use to. First time playing my spacemen died after 5 mins no air xD
,Recommended,403190,23843683,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,MD 40,You will waste your life on this game... and it would have been worth it!!!  Build one building at a time nice and slow and you'll breeze through it.
76561198129515091,Recommended,403190,18784104,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,A_buckyo Bro,The game is good I got it because Etalyx showed it off and it looked like my tipe of game except I just rage quit for stupid A.I's I would not advise getting game untill the A.I problem is fixed otherwise you will die no matter how prepard you try and build.
76561198163254630,Recommended,403190,26394981,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Shuttleman27,i traded 53 vegetables for 2 carrier bots and a coin and it gave me nothing. dumped he stuff in the trader as he took off. i have screenshots of it. sucks steam does not let me show them
76561198005228777,Recommended,403190,26488994,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,AuntyDonna,Where the ♥♥♥♥ do they go to the toilet?
76561198084139874,Not Recommended,403190,32213247,Posted: 5 June,all,Gare-Bear,"Bough the game on a whim for full price. Seemed like a good game, sort of promising in terms of future updates. I started playing, maybe two or three hours in, I've essentially made it through the regular content. The rest was getting the base built up enough to expand and grow and more efficiently create robots. It kind of became boring really fast since there isn't a lot of content. Planetbase is a nice, quaint base builder, but it lacks in content. There's only a handful of base modules (I think 5-8, but I don't really remember) which doesn't really give you any endgame options other than: grow and expand in colonists, which only come in through ships. Overally, I think it's a soft 6, hard 5 out of 10."
76561197987548723,Not Recommended,403190,32439690,Posted: 15 June,all,f22alpha,"To a point I enjoy this game and will probably keep playing it.  There are a few quirks that need to be resolved before I ever recommend this as at least a decent game.  Ive noticed that if I expand my base too quickly it automatically drops my conditions to poor or very poor.  As soon as that happens colonists start dropping like flies.  There appears to be some AI scripting issue where as soon as people start dieing it is a death spiral that is better fixed with going back to the last save game.  AI in this game cant seem to think for themselves.  If they have lack of oxygen they will not run inside to get oxygen, they will continue their work untill they die.  If they are hungry they will not eat and then they will die.  Doesnt matter how much supply there is.The endless death spiral is the most annoying part.  I will go from 200+ colonists to less then 60 in a matter of minutes no matter what I try.Good concept and interesting game, however, with the few updates I have seen the AI does not appear to have been touched at all."
76561198142216577,Not Recommended,403190,18803000,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Ozgamer,"my original review of this game was get it's awesome but after the developers come out...and well read down a bit further. when i started playing this game, i was excited because it had great potential and i thought this could be something along the lines of moon tycoon or something like that, i could never have been more wrong.the developers have come out and said that ""it's done"" which means no more content, you will  get the odd patch to improve the game, but as for new content, nada, nothing, bugger all.if i had of known then what i know now. i would never have wasted the 20$ i spent (which works out to roughly 30au) money i could have used on something that was worth playing, hell i could have gotten a haircut for that lol.so if you are reading this and have spent less than 2 hours playing it, get  a refund. you are not going to see  anything new added to this game at all.i dont usually like to rubbish a game company but i'm sorry this deserve it. while i did spend 57 hours playing this game, it was because i thought i really want to give this a big work out, and i discovered once you get everything setup there is nothing to do but watch your sim's go about their lives.so would i recommend this game to anyone, NO I WOULD NOT.cheers guys"
76561198112761082,Recommended,403190,19319467,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,randfoo2005,1-  you win in Planetbase Tutorial .2- you play the game  like your Planetbase Tutorial  Step by Step.3- colonists have died of dehydration !!!4- Faliure === all your colonists are now dead . you have faild to buld a viable colony !!5- you play 1o time you see youtube The same message.I love it very enjoyable:)
76561198121259700,Recommended,403190,19800935,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,ysjbserver,"Very Excellent game(Except some gliches). You can build your own planetary base, and you can operate it by yourself."
76561197977454071,Recommended,403190,19860648,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,quincy99,great game loved it. just Snap points seem to be fairly bad. had alot of trouble placing buildings when there was space in the mid game.
,Recommended,403190,24834576,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Manny,"It's a great game, relaxing, puzzlish and challenging when starting a new base and when refactoring it. But it could be so much much more with better refined mechanics and content. Is still an awesome concept, with simple but cool graphics, relaxing and appropriate ""spacey"" music, good sound effects (but could have more), well optimized in terms of performance. The major thing that makes it disappointing is the real lack of content (should have more planets with new environments, more buildings, more materials, more tech) and should have more disasters, a connected colony system and should have some kind of progress between planets with new stuff to extend the gameplay."
76561197988468743,Recommended,403190,33593334,Posted: 16 July,all,Knightsodyssey,"Worth the money in my opinion. It felt easy to pick up and play, yet challenging enough to have to start over from scratch many times. Would prefer a bit more depth on enemy fights but well worth the money for time spent. Replay ability doesn't seem to match banished.7/10"
,Recommended,403190,20633952,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,ChasingWisdom,"Very fun, would recomend if you like sim city and space. A.I. could be a little better (A.I. starving when there is plenty of food), but still very smooth. Good on computer that are not that good."
76561197970439950,Recommended,403190,20578649,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Born2Die,"I have to say i like this, more without the need of more of my cash would be nice but yeah im into this read others review im just backing them up ...60hours and growing when i got the time this does eat time !!"
,Recommended,403190,20378577,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Thomas White,"Landed, built a base, start Bed & Breakfast."
76561198014470600,Recommended,403190,25077638,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Supernerd,This is really a lot of fun and challenging. It is necessary to plan ahead to ensure your colony has what it needs. The game interface is easy to use and there isn't a substantial learning curve to learn how to play but does take more to learn how to do things well.
76561198277338632,Not Recommended,403190,35208214,Posted: 25 September,all,CornOnTheCob,"dont get this game i got bored, i forced myself to play it.i did not want to waste the money and the refund policy was brought in after i got this game.i have tried once to get a refund and i will try again."
76561198277206208,Recommended,403190,22919013,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,TheZRud,"First of all, i am glad i got the game because i love simulation games as well but overall i had been thinking about this idea in mind for a future update-Stagesabout this i had been thinking about that there are 3 stages in the game i was thinking about they are in order, 1. colonization 2. expansion and  3. terraformingnow what i think is for each stage to be unlocked in-game what i think is that to reach the 2nd stage you have to be having at least 200 colonists and at least 50 bots in the expansion stage you now have different things for interior and exterior as one of the things is that if you have any radio [ i don't know what their called so i'll just call them ""radio""] things you are able to get transmissions from earth signaling about what is to come next  [ like finding these things or etc. ] after reaching this stage. About the terraforming stage you have to have a requirement of 400 people and 120 bots. after the start of this stage a radio transmission comes telling you that they are ready to terraform the planet into a habitable earth-like world. they will give you tools to help with terraforming like air-pressure factories increasing air-pressure, exterior oxygen generator by spewing out oxygen by separating water, and magnetic field generators making you to mine/dig deep underground the planet and put magnetic field generators so that it would have a magnetic field protecting the planet from radiation"
76561198219198231,Recommended,403190,31487325,Posted: 1 May,all,wacky welshman,best game ever and best one on steam defo recomend it
76561198324042840,Recommended,403190,35434910,Posted: 2 October,all,Nuka-Cola-112,:D
76561198038419688,Recommended,403190,35429049,Posted: 2 October,all,Fictional Hero,Great game for the price.
76561198188952571,Recommended,403190,35451828,Posted: 3 October,all,Marco polo,SO GREAT
76561198024224038,Not Recommended,403190,18519487,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Asoryu,"Garbage, what modern day game doesn't allow you to rebind keys?I deserve a refund for garbage that forces me to play with crap-tacular key configurations and offers no method that I've been able to find to rebind keys to something more favorable."
,Not Recommended,403190,25813365,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Pat (ty cake),"This game was fun at first and I've played 18 hours of it. However it has a flaw that cannot be overlooked and has made me make a negative review.The way building works, verything must be connected via tunnel/tube. There's an invisible ring around every building and nothing can be placed too closely to one another. This is fine when building in the beginning; however, once you start building larger versions of the smaller structures you are forced to make your compound span more ground because there is no upgrade system for domes. If you delete a structure that is surrounded, you cannot build anything but that EXACT SAME SIZED STRUCTURE in it's place. This is incredibly frustrating when you have made a array of solar panels, wind turbines, and batteries and you HAVE to keep them there unless you rip EVERYTHING down. In the time it takes to do that and rebuild, everyone would have died from lack of oxygen because there's no power. This game-breaking system is not only unrealistic and pointless, but frustrating to the point of madness. You are encouraged by the way the system works to make a web of scrunched up buildings and power arrays. There is no way to build where you are able to make room for the larger, or in some cases just slightly larger, building foundations. Straight lines? No. You'd have to jut out to the side. Hexes? Same problem. They wouldn't be uniform and you'd run out of space.The game would be completely great allbeit very difficult if it were not for this system. But this is a city-building game with a defunct building system.I'd like to praise the detail however. Each person has a different specialty. Botany, engineering, stuff like that. It's a really good game and it's a shame this was so horrifically overlooked.I recommend what this game is with an even slightly more improved building system. I can't recommend what it is now."
76561197990081896,Not Recommended,403190,18583661,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,ninjeratu,"TL;DR: I'm starving so let's put this food in the dispenser and go to sleep! *dies*TL;DR2: I know! Instead of spare parts so that we can repair the solar panel - let us make guns! *dies*Developer diary day 1: ""Let's make a smart and difficult space game that rely on NPC AI!""Developer diary day 365: ""All right guys. Release is next week and all the ui, sound, graphics and info panels are done. Let's remove some people from the team and code the AI. How hard can it be? You have 48 hours!""Developer diary day 366: ""AI will have to do. 24 hours is enough. Let's make gameplay dull and repetetive so that our customers won't notice our idiotic AI!""Dumbest game I've played in a long, long time."
76561198010030113,Recommended,403190,18519574,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Chenzzz,I made rice......IN SPACE!!!!!!!
76561198053954100,Recommended,403190,18496429,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,NoBull,"Best colony builder ive played yet. i definately recommend this game to anyone who is interested in city builders and colony builders. Especially if you liked take on mars. There are a couple bugs but nothing thats game breaking. Cant wait to see what the modding community comes up with for this game.Edit: Allright so, when it comes to the bugs, certain people end up not doing their job. Once you run out of a  certain material and you mix that with people not doing their job, you end up having to restart all over again cause youve essentially lost. Also, you cannot rotate the building the the direction that you want (personally i think thats garbage). This is a great a game all in all but im hoping the devs fix some of the issues and continue to add content or at least give modders the ability to add content."
76561198053354729,Not Recommended,403190,22696596,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Covfefe,It's fun at first but then loses steam very quickly.
76561198005220171,Not Recommended,403190,22876252,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,wirefire2,Banished in space.  One wrong move and your colony will die.  Once you figure out the magic order of things there's no challenge to the game.
,Not Recommended,403190,24171749,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Modder,"AVOID!This game breaks my heart. It is so pretty and well thought out. Wait. Why are my colonists dieing? Why wont they tend the garden? What is wrong with thi AI? Frankly the programmers really lacked the skills to write the AI. As a software engineer I know how hard it can be. They have some stupid mechanics like if your colonists don't eat the right mix of foods they get malnutriton. OK no problem.. except you can't control what the food makers make. Wow. They also need some random food combos to avoid giving them death food. I mean dont have it generic food, have it beets, onions, meat, count twoards not killing you?Now the real issue is how fast everything will snowball. I will have a stockpile of food, 80 raw food for 30 colonists. 5 minutes later somehow everyone dies from starvation, as the bologists, which are about 60% of my crew, decide to stop tending the crops. In this last game I had 80 colonists, oops not enough food makers. 5 minutes later everyone is dead. From a FEW missing food makers. Come on guys, give me no time to react!FRUSTRATING game. Also Shame on the developers. I see people talking on the forums, they de devs have a real ego, chip on their shoulder. Get over yourselves, your game sucks, fix the AI.Again real shame as its 90% of the way to being a GREAT game.. But 10% is the difference between unplayable and awesome.Uninstalling now."
76561198042247697,Not Recommended,403190,18688699,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Chuubulus,"Hmm where to begin.  I guess I'll start by saying this game is good to a point.  Here are a few things I like and don't like about Planetbase:Pros:1. Addictively fun2. Simple to learn3. Interesting mechanics, such as having to manage power through day/night cycles with solar panels and wind turbinesGood variety of buildings with decent interior building optionsCons:1. Incredibly stupid AI2. Poor prioritization options3. No options to power down bots.  This was a big deal to me in the beginning since sandstorms wreck the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of them, and you can't stop them from getting destroyed in a storm when they have an action queued.  Especially so when you don't start with engineers who are the only other able bodies who can build things.4. And this is really the biggest problem with the game in my opinion, but RNG will always ♥♥♥♥ you.  You will get hit with a meteor near the beginning on a major building with over half your guys inside, and they will all die.  Maybe you'll build wind turbines to generate power during the night only to find the wind hardly ever blows.  Or maybe you'll run out of spares which are needed to repair your solar panels/wind turbines and be powerless to stop everything from dying.  With the amount of resources you need to build things, spares included, and the slow rate your workers generate these resources it will happen more than a few times.All in all the cons are more of a problem for me than the pros so I'm gonna say this game still needs more work.  Don't buy this game unless you prefer to rip your hair out playing perfectly only to watch everything die anyway.  This is definitely the Dark Souls of city building games even though it won't be your fault if you lose."
,Recommended,403190,18592577,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Nil Athelion,"Didn't grow enough plants to make enough bioplastics.  Didn't have bioplastics to make medical kits.  People died.  Biologists depressed.  Biologists don't make enough food for growing population.  No plastics to expand the farming areas, also no biologists jjoining the colony, because place is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.  Realize I can break apart furniture to get plastics back.  Biologists starve to death.  Good game.  Acute cause of death was lack of repairs on solar panels causing asphyxiation through lack of oxygen generation.That was the end of my second colony.Trying again.  Now I know better.  I will do better.  We will survive, we will thrive."
,Recommended,403190,18512385,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Runac,"This game is quite enjoyable for me, being someone who has enjoyed games like Rimworld and Factorio.Fair warning to all those that wish to play this, however: The learning curve can be a bit steep, and the game is not forgiving of failure. No power means that your people can't get in or out, or use any functions of a room (Even when it wouldn't make sense for that to happen, such as with the case of the dorms and tables in the canteen). Play it slow, and make sure you have a surplus before trying to expand, either of power or food.Speaking of, a size two greenhouse is good early on, before you get the larger one. And wind turbines, though they can be finnicy, are immensely helpful.A couple of things that might turn people off: You have no control over what your colonists are working on, save prioritizing a room (Not a single machine, a room), and disasters can be a bit.. Ehh, especially without being able to lock your colonists inside (gained by a building). The food system is a little obscure; you want to have a meal type other than 'basic' unless you want your colonists to all complain about being malnourished or, as happened with me, your sole medic to be complaining about that while your workforce is sporting numerous trauma injuries.Assuming one can manage that curve without messing up, you have an interesting, if not incredibly deep, game. There are three planets, each of which is unlocked by the previous via milestones (my experience this far has been on the starting planet, so grains of salt and all that). The tutorial is decent enough for getting started, and the stat system is largely intuitive. The menus, despite being a bit clunky, are easy enough to understand, and it's easy enough to have varied enough food for the colonists to avoid issues."
76561197999890465,Not Recommended,403190,18561583,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Tyranid,It feels like I ejected $20 out of an airlock and even that would have been a more interesting experience than what I've had with this game.
76561198065425635,Not Recommended,403190,18648857,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,{Δ} Mad_Dentist,Was gonna be a good game. Til i made a $40 bet and the AI ♥♥♥♥ed me over. RIP engineers who don't know how to carry spares correctly.
76561198064975905,Not Recommended,403190,18554118,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,tracksixx,"The tutorial shows you the basics of what you need to survive the first 20 minutes. Every time I go  to expand though, the happiness of my colonists drops. On top of that, the food requirements are very inconsistent it seems. It seems impossible to feed a starting population of 7 with one greenhouse worth of plants especially after the starting food runs out. It makes it feel very unbalanced, and I want to throw my laptop across the room from the noise it makes when food is running low.I wish that the food problem was my only complaint, but for some reason I often find myself watching all of my facilities falling into disrepair. Not due to a lack of spares, nor the available colonists to repair them, but rather ALL of my colonists are idly wandering around the interior and couldn't be bothered to do much of anything, whether it's maintaining the plants or maintaining the solar panels. The fact that I can't click on individual colonists and set them to a specific task is INFURIATING!!! Instead, I have to sit and watch the base I've built, to be as efficient as possible, get run into the ground by autonomous (sort of) meatbags who have no concept of self preservation.On the subject of self preservation... If there's a sandstorm outside, or a solar flare, maybe if a group of psychotic people are running at the door with guns screaming at me; I'm pretty sure I would know not to go outside and take a stroll. Not these colonists! They'll practically throw themselves at the opportunity to die just for the hell of it. Unless of course you have a control room which is what you need in order to inform the colonists (manually) to stay inside and safe from death...Having just played the game, these are the problems still fresh in my mind which in my opinion make the game nearly unplayable. I've played it for a few hours but I just can't get past the learning curve that is usually simply to figure out in other games of this genre. In concept, this could have been so much better, but due to some glaringly poor design flaws with both the in game interface as well as the behaviors of the colonists, I can't give this more than a 2/10."
76561198109916218,Recommended,403190,18573808,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,VINNYDOZ007,"For fans of Banished and Banished style games.  This basically takes the genre to colonizing other planets.  This is a city managment style game.  Similar to Banished, not paying attention to a specific resource will lead to catastrophe.  I recommend building slowly.  Very slowly.  Game play is fun, AI is solid, but lacking perhaps a bit here and there, but overall well done.  I have sank like 15 hours in and so far find it highly enjoyable, but it does appear like the game could lose interest similar again to banished once you have a fully established city,For the price, I found this game to be well worth it.  Think anyone who enjoys the genre will love this type of game.  Hope they add a few more layers to the gameplay over time, but its a very solid game as it is."
76561198153693981,Not Recommended,403190,18650200,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Brock_Cool,Verry glitchy And keeps crashing.
76561198107662042,Recommended,403190,18511310,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,cloning_souls,"brilliant game,..reaching the first 3 goals can be played like a casual strategy game if you only have an hour or so and just need a quick strategy game fixbut completing any other of the goals is very challenging and demands a great amount of timeits like the game banished in space but with many more ways to perish"
,Recommended,403190,18587059,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Space Pirate Ninja,My new favourite game
76561198050582812,Not Recommended,403190,34955742,Posted: 14 September,all,erik_esemor,"There is the potential for a great game here. The design, UI and setting is spot on. However the game falls short on content, after 2 hours you have learned how to successfully maintain your base and the challenge to expand is still there, But why care. You already have all the type of buildings you need and the challenge of building more solar panel, water extractor  etc. is easily manageable. A real missed opportunity."
76561198159940334,Not Recommended,403190,31310535,Posted: 22 April,all,ritz0563,"Poor game, need major overhaul!"
,Not Recommended,403190,26469879,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Jovian1123,"Please, avoid this game.The AI is broken, the building placement is finicky. You lack control of your base in the most annoying way. Playing this game is like having an itchy nose but having your hands taped to your sides. The dev should have made this an iPad game. In fact if you look at the desktop icon it looks like an app icon. Steam has a real problem with curation. Indie devs have been allowed to run absolutely wild."
76561198293746398,Recommended,403190,29265088,Posted: 14 January,all,ONEwerner,F**KING Amazing Game
,Recommended,403190,18517723,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,robstall,"It has a fun concept. And when the colonists say they havn't had enough variety in their food, they don't work, so I can't get the biologists to get new plants to get more variaty. That needs a LOT of work. I don't think the priority system works at all."
76561198023346052,Recommended,403190,18515984,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Berkzerker,If you love the old school style Settlers games but outer space colony survival. Well here it is!
76561197994729886,Not Recommended,403190,18601684,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,AiDec,.
,Recommended,403190,18510892,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,DAT_DANKEST_MEME,Its ok it needs more content and things to do in it. Over all good you should wait for a sale and get it.
,Recommended,403190,18511135,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,The Mayor of hellcase.com,"I LOVVVEEEEEEE THIS GAME!!!! but, i cant get the mine to work. Its built just sitting there and doing nothing. I see people go into it come out with nothing. so yeah"
76561198048451303,Not Recommended,403190,18684063,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Niklez,Do Not Buy This game -alots of bugs such as :- you cant replace houses sametimes.- colonalist sametime freeze and die even everything is great.-among others bugs.
76561198255735135,Recommended,403190,25613199,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,gkarpen,I don't really think it's good but if they add a creative mode i would be happy
76561197991535619,Not Recommended,403190,25709092,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,Iyazur,"Less than seven hours of playtime and I think I've seen all there is to it. On top of that starvation is inevitable. Nice idea but not enough meat on the bones, and too few different type of bones."
,Recommended,403190,18710364,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,🐉EvilDragon🐉,"one of the best, Strategy, City Builder, Survival, Space, Indie, game ive ever played!"
,Not Recommended,403190,24701938,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Dreamsfear,"So 67 hours played time and while I do enjoy this game I can't say the price point makes it worth it. If you can catch it on sale for say 10 bucks maybe.It's certainly interesting to those who like to build cities and manage things like that but it's very bare bones and minimal. I beat a few of the challenges and 2 of the planets and then couldn't find it in myself to care to play it again after that because it's all the same. I don't feel theres any real struggle once you have it figured out so difficulty really doesn't seem to be there.I'm not saying its a completely bad game because its not. I didn't experience any bugs or anything crazy, it played well the whole time I did play. But I lost interest very quickly. Good play for a filler or really short period of time but I don't forsee any real replayability unless they make some changes or add some content. Basically I 2nd Odditycat's review tbh without posting too much of a wall of text."
76561197991062716,Not Recommended,403190,29183242,Posted: 11 January,all,znooze,"IT's GGBut...The AI is completely broken; eg.an astronaut gathers final piece of material to build a building.. Ok good time to construct! Yay. Then he's like: I'm Out #thuglife...The characters are completely useless in this game, I wouldn't recommend this game"
76561198162996466,Recommended,403190,23056016,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Duke,Awesome
,Recommended,403190,29873292,Posted: 12 February,all,Vechernyaya,"Fun, challenging at once, until you find the good balance.6/10"
76561198092595643,Recommended,403190,18536190,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,gbboy2525,Great game for the price 9/10
,Recommended,403190,18545344,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,cad,"Competent, addicting mix of Startopia, Banished, and Space Colony."
76561198035800774,Recommended,403190,18531656,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,bihgdadde,"Now I don't normally write reviews, but I had to make an exception for this game, Planetbase is hard and unforgiving, it took me a few days before I really was able to make a functioning base that wouldn't collapse in on itself.  the only bad thing I have to say about this game is that the only way to back out of a dome is to click a button, instead of just clicking on the screen somewhere, and thats just being picky, it's not even bad.  Also an meteor hit a dome aand killed everyone sleeping.  10/10."
76561198155078605,Recommended,403190,18574558,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Noobert,"Let's ignore the people going ""blah... blah... too early to be released"".This game is a fairly new game, and yes, It is a little on the downside for content. [AT THE MOMENT!]The developers are shooting out updates, making patches, etc etc...If it looks interesting to you, be my guest and get it, I didn't regret it!Pros:-Gameplay-Concept-DesignsCons:-AI Bugs-Not that much content [But I'm sure there is more to come]-Management of Resources could be better."
,Not Recommended,403190,19403569,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Smòóvious | TOBO,"Dev attitude towards their game and their customers have turned out to be very disappointing...Don't expect this game's development to continue, they call this a finished product, intended for only about 30 hours of play.Limited 'domes' to construct, and other limitations make what could have been a very challenging space colony building game, into a game that leaves me wanting more challenge and possibilities that are, very sadly, never going to come.Such a shame... I had been waiting a long time for something like this, but with such a short time for playability, and small building area, I just ended up disappointed.My money would have been better spent elsewhere.-- Smoov"
76561198032767908,Not Recommended,403190,18622211,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Lil Windex,"The game is $19.99, if it was 3-4 USD I guess I would understand, but I really can't recommend it as of now.  When I first started playing I was under the impression it was an early-access title, so I excused the lack of features.  But it's not an early access game...Pros:Cool idea, resource management is a huge challenge and it keeps you on your toes.  Is not an easy game.And..thats about it.Cons:Resource management...  If you can get past the initial rush which will kill any chance at a colony should you not build the SAME BASE every single time.  Go for the same strat and make sure you become sufficient, you have no wiggle room whatsoever.  This is not a city-builder, this is a puzzle game with ""tycoon"" strapped to it as the genre.Clunky controls, no micromanagement, too restrictive.  For example, you can only build in specific locations in a certain distance from pod to pod.Little to no variety in buildings, items, or units.Planets are bland and boring.Building space is a massive issue.  Maps seem at least partially procedural and there's no terraforming.  Even the smallest dip in the terrain will prevent building.  This essentially sticks you in a little valley and I have yet to find a build that lets me get to ""hundreds of colonists"".  A few short hours (MAYBE that much time) into your colony you will come to the point where you just sit and wait.  2-3 of the hours on my playtime were spent waiting for something to happen.No 'helpful' graphs, meters, or sufficiency tools to help you crunch numbers.  You could do the math yourself, but most of it is just ""throw a crap ton of food plots up and hope it works"".  It would be nice to be able to manage things more closely so as to avoid the inevitable ""everyone starved"" thing.  The only output vs. usage meters there are, are for energy, water, and oxygen.  Most of the game is just throwing massive amounts of work into things until you're stable.Little to no control over your units and what they do.  They also arent very productive (those lazy astronauts!)It's too tediously difficult.  Not much challenge, just be quick and build the buildings in the right order.  Otherwise you WILL get stuck and have to respawn.  This is challenging so to some people it'll be fun, but to me it's not.  Not so much a con, but it's part of the game anyways.No depth... whatsoever.  This is unfortunately a real problem with the tycoon / strategy genre.  No storyline, no fun events.. no nothing.  There's even a very poorly designed trading minigame.  Where the trader will literally fly away while you're filling his ship with goods you're selling."
76561197980558274,Not Recommended,403190,22337413,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,UltraPingu,"I really want to recommend this game, but it has too many issues for me to do so.  Technically there is no problem with the game (no crashes or anything like that), however lack of a windowed mode in this kind of game is quite frustrating.The main issue I have with this game is how increadibly unbalanced it feels.  It's very challenging to keep your colonists alive, but when they do inevitably die, it feels like it was the games fault and not yours.  Upon completing the tutorial, I attempted to replicate what it had taught me, only to have most of my colonists die of asphyxiation.  This is due to you having to build solar panels (which only work in the day), before wind turbines; the day-night cycle is faster in the real game than in the tutorial, so you quickly run out of power and your O2 plant shuts down.My next big gripe is that the economy is pretty dire.  The cost of buildings compared to the cost to connect them is very low (meaning that a solar panel is as expensive as the wire to connect to it.  This also makes it quite hard to scale up the size of your base because building the cabling infrastructure is very expensive.  Also, I really dislike that way that everything needs to be connected together in a tree like structure.  I understand the thematic reasoning for it, but it make refactoring your base design undesireable.My biggest peeve however is that the game never seems to balance.  You indefinately have colonists pouring into your colony with no management (or easy management) of limiting them based on the amount of resource you have available.  This means that you'll create a nice 'sustained' base, and over (relatively short) time, it will decay, your consumption will out compete your production, and ultimately your colony will collapse because there isn't any real way to dig yourself out of situations.Here's an example: I build a mine before a medical ward (because I didn't have enough metal to build both, it made sense to build a mine, to get metal, to build the other), all my miners broke their bones so would not work, so I couldn't get any metal.  I had to recycle some buildings to scrape together enough metal for a medical ward, which then made production somewhere else drop below critical level.  I then had to do the same else where, and eventually I just gave up because a minor timing issue caused everything to halt."
76561198017389271,Not Recommended,403190,22022700,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,BaronB63,"super flawedThis should be great but the AI is deeply flawed. Astronaut/colonists? no, morons from an asylum sent to die.Colonists need an item to process into food. All walk past food tray and die?!Refund please"
,Not Recommended,403190,22474198,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,NukerK,Crashes a lot even on low settings.No hotkey customization for quicksave and quickload.The AI acts funny at times. Guess the game needs more optimization.
,Not Recommended,403190,25136475,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Regicider,"I wanted to like this game so much; I really did. Planetbase presents the really cool if not original concept of building an inhabitable and self-sufficient base on an otherwise uninhabited planet. You are presented with a crew of seven people and a few robots that will help you get started with the construction of your base. Getting started with the basics of the game is really easy with a tutorial that highlights the most important rules and functions of the game. The UI is simple and easy to navigate and placing objects is not TOO problematic.So, once you make it past the tutorial and get started building your own base, the game's flaws start to slowly, but surely, make themselves known. One problem that I had with the game is how limited base-building really felt. Once you build your oxygen tank, you HAVE to construct every facility around it. There is no way to build multiple structures despite having relative freedom in constructing airtanks and airlocks. I guess this is acceptable to some, but for fans of the city building genre, this is stifling and outright annoying.Speaking of construction, there is no way to prioritize building certain structures or even producing certain resources (which can be alot of ♥♥♥♥ING fun when your base is falling apart). The AI does whatever it wants with no real sense of survival. Are your wind turbines in need of repair and it's nighttime where they're crucial? Better suck it up and sit in the dark, because the AI is probably going to focus on repairing solar panels and there is NOTHING that you can do about it. You can build certain structures for maintaining production all day, but what the AI decides to do is pretty much RNG-based. This is CRIPPLING and can make the game very unfun once you get more colonists and a larger base. Biologists may or may not produce food, medics are damn near worthless, and workers will create♥♥♥♥♥♥that you don't need over important things even when you have a surplus of workers.The game is a resource management game that is dependant on the AI. When the AI gives no ♥♥♥♥s and does what it wants until it dies of exhaustion or hunger, then who's to blame. According to some players, though, small bases are stupidly easy to manage. In a builder game, limitations like these are not acceptable.The game looks really good and has a great soundtrack. I've played this game sober, drunk, and under the influence and thoroughly enjoyed its presentation in all instances. But if you want a better builder game, pick up Anno 1404 or Cities: Skylines, or just wait until this goes on sale."
,Not Recommended,403190,25187773,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Lord Satyr,"This game is incredibly frustrating: the intro animation is unskippable, the AI is hoorendous (a lot of idle workers while they have work to do, even if they're starving or in the dark they're still idle), the interface is horrible (you have to click through a lot of windows to do simple actions like viewing your people or resources or what you're lacking), there is no clear way of pausing the game and issuing orders during the break (all my colonists just died while writing this review because I can't pause it), there is never enough information about what the issues you're facing or how you can solve them. The notification system is also incredibly annoying and spammy, I had to disable all sounds in the game and there is no internal cooldown for notifications - you just dismiss them and they come back right up.I regret buying this game and it clearly has lost the interest of the developer, since I've been readign reviews about the bad AI for a very long time. I have never in my life played a more frustrating game, it's just plain bad. This is the first time I make a review for a game - it's THAT bad."
76561197992168831,Recommended,403190,34872240,Posted: 10 September,all,xnavigator,For city builder/simulation/RTS/economics kind of game this is a must buy...
76561198034156054,Recommended,403190,23295218,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,jfbrdg,really bugged out when I reached 100 people
76561198133842073,Recommended,403190,22945823,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Muddy1,A lot of fun to play.
,Recommended,403190,18998676,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,BlenderKiller,I love the game five stars but would love an option to run it windowed mode!
,Recommended,403190,19045036,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,angrypaperclip,F*** YOU SPACEROCKS WHY DO YOU KILL MY PEOPLE?!?!?!?!10/10 would recommend.
76561197981255414,Recommended,403190,18515441,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,ChillBilly,https://youtu.be/GD0sKJt08A8
,Recommended,403190,18515236,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,lordarticus,"When people said Banished in space, they ment it. Add workshop support and one could make a masterpeace!"
,Recommended,403190,18916016,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Vulfen,It's a great game until you've made a huge ♥♥♥♥ing colony AND IT GOES BY 5 ♥♥♥♥ING DAYS WITHOUT THE SLIGHTEST ♥♥♥♥ING GUST OF WIND AND THE SUN DOES♥♥♥♥♥♥TO MY ♥♥♥♥ING BATTERIES AND YOUR WHOLE COLONY GOES TO♥♥♥♥♥♥AND WHEN YOU HAVE ONE ♥♥♥♥ING COLONIST REMAINING IT TURNS INTO A ♥♥♥♥ING WIND STORM AND ALL OF YOUR BATTERIES CHARGE IN 10 ♥♥♥♥ING SECONDS WHILE YOUR LAST COLONIEST DIES OF ♥♥♥♥ING STARVATION AND DEHYDRATION BECAUSE THERE WAS NOT ♥♥♥♥ING POWER TO MAKE FOOD OR GET WATER.  ♥♥♥♥ing hate love this game.
76561198108085308,Recommended,403190,18513987,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Acc suspended.  Add: 308457761,"Great game with great potential.  It's like fallout shelter on pc.Bugs found?:1)  2 pathing bug encounted.  1st encounter:  2 'dwellers' cross path and blocked each others' pathing.  They twist and turn on the spot for minutes before dieing out due to starvation on a medium size port. 2nd encounter:  4 'dwellers' pathing got blocked, between 2 meal makers, nearly starved to death in a middle of a large canteen.  Some how their pathing resolved.2)  Even with sufficient resources to build spare parts, shutting down all other rooms to ensure all humans and bots are able to build spare parts,  No one enters the factory medium.  Could it be caused by having a shutted down room at it's entrance?  Even with the room infront of it's entrance turned on, no one enters the factory.3)  Problems with resolution.  When alt-tabed, Planet Base's resolution returns to default.  Have to restart the game, change the resolution, before continuing the game.The easy setting is seriously too difficult to play.  Hope cheats will be availble soon.  I guess someone with a degree in resource management will be able to play this game.Really hope that players are allowed or given the option to assign each human or bots to make stuffs."
76561198095047588,Recommended,403190,18514570,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,TheWhiteOwl,Fun and simple. Definitely worth it.
76561198280594720,Recommended,403190,21717338,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,hgraffunder,god
,Recommended,403190,18967958,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,nabu,"-Play for a few hours.-Figuring it out.-Wow, I'm doing rather well.-Meteor hits the dorm-All my biologists die-Everyone else starves10/10"
76561198194543833,Recommended,403190,22020744,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,caldwell9612,it the best game i every play
76561198001316912,Not Recommended,403190,20551502,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Max,Slow game... meuh
76561198000574574,Recommended,403190,18889583,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Tomixcomics,"Short review: Good game, finished it, enjoyed it, biggest fault is that it could use more features. Still worth a buy in my book, ESPECIALLY if it's on sale. If it's on one of steam's summer sale and you like build & Manage games then what the heck are you waiting for.Extended review:When I heard this game described as ""Banished"" in space, I was skeptical because Banished seemed to offer limited gameplay for me. But Planetbase proved to be better.Don't get me wrong, the games are so similar in concept, I would be shocked if one isn't heavily isnpired by the other, they are, functionally, the same, but... For some reason Planetbase just feels better.For one thing, while in Banished you build pretty much aimlessly and ""just try not to die"", practically waiting for resources to run out, here you also have milestones you need to meet, which push you forward as sort of objectives. On one hand, this sort of limits the game time, but on the other, it feels like building has a purpose, a goal you can meet or fail at, instead of just putting off the inevitable.The game's difficulty will rely much on how much slack you give yourself.For example, I decided that any time a colonist dies due to something I could have, and should have, prevented, such as oxygen loss, dehydration, starvation, or on rare occasion, a meteor strike that had no reason to be deadly, it means I failed at my job and I either restart the level or go back to my last save point. This made the game substantially harder, but... That's a good thing, really.My friend on the other hand decided that once a colony passes a certain size, deaths are inevitable and as long as one person remains alive the game continues. I want to say it made the game easier for him but apparantly it took both of us approx. 16 hours to finish the game. (I still think it was harder for me though). He also tried to reach all the achievments though, so that might be a factor.The game's biggest fault: Much like Banished, in both agood way and a bad way, it leaves you wanting more. More buildings, more features, more levels, more challenges. The game isn't lacking in any of those, but would be nice to have extra. It leaves you craving an expansion pack. If one ever comes out you can be sure I will buy the heck out of it.This game focuses on building a self sustaining colony, and providing the bare essentials for survival and decent quality of life. If there was some sort of sequel where you begin to actually terraform the planet around you, to go from colony to society, as well as build buildings who's purpose is less about providing basic needs and more about quality of life, and also the new challenges that rise up along the way, I would not be able to throw money at it hard enough.A quality game, and I wish it offered more playtime for me because I want more of it."
76561198048948986,Recommended,403190,24331776,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,TOG | Broadax,Fun Fun.. :)
76561198182272070,Not Recommended,403190,25887502,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Tugn,I CANT ♥♥♥♥♥♥ DO THE CARRY ROBOT : AND KILL THE ♥♥♥♥ING ATUPID intruder. ♥♥♥♥ !!!
76561198059954244,Recommended,403190,26650350,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,KRIMINALAC,Nice game. buy it if u like City Builder game
,Not Recommended,403190,25683778,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,[A.W.P.]Angelic_Wolfman100,"Good game, but definetly not worth $20 more like $10 would be the proper price, there are many games simmilar to this, sorry to say. And there needs to be a demo allowed too, some (many) of us, want to TEST it BEFORE we BUY it. I want the game, its really good, but I got my refund cus I was testing it, I have to ask my dad before I purchase anything online. I want to say I neither recommend and recommend this game, but I can't, So I'm gonna have to say that I don't recommend it."
,Not Recommended,403190,30359082,Posted: 6 March,all,StormSpiritGB,your people are starving! ok tells them to make food theres giant bio dome of it nope rathere wonder aimlessly and look like there working but really just weasting time AI are still bat **** Stupid
76561198078700789,Recommended,403190,21831847,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Kygo,.
,Recommended,403190,18525163,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Popcorn,Very interesting game. Shame that the AI does not seem to work well. Engineers rather help carrying items than to make spare parts. I have plenty of power and water and O2 yet 80% of my rooms keep flashing that O2 is running low or water is missing. Please fix.
,Recommended,403190,18531775,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Doomeetrue,"A very addicting game indeed, at least for the first couple of hours, until you get everything straight.The simulation is decent, it takes a while to put things in order, some resources are hard to process.However I have already spotted 2 significantly weak spots:1. Once you get your colony to 60-80 people and everything is working nicely, it is difficult to be motivated to do anything else. You quickly get all buildings and all extra research, which is not much to talk about. After this there is not much going for you, no incentive to continue playing.2. You cannot expand your colony the way you might wish. For example once you start building the structures that are ""inside"", you cannot build such structures outside of the initial ""grid"". So basically you need to have EVERY structure connected to EVERY initial structure. You can't just build another airlock one screen away and start another part of the colony. So there are situations in which the mountains will simply block the possibility of building ""covered"" structures, so you run out of space. The max I reached is ~130 people and space was already insufficient.All in all I don't regret the purchase, but I hope that in future patches there will be more freedom.Oh, and you cannot access the Settings while in a game, you need to Exit in order to turn down/up the music, this is bad user experience."
,Recommended,403190,18535363,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,BlackRambo,Awesome little management game. Only downside is lack of mid to endgame content although the balancing act involved in making sure you have enough of this that or the other makes an entire playthrough challenging. Nothing that I'm sure won't be added in a later update. This game is obviously a labor of love not a cash grab and I look forward to seeing how they improve the game in the future.
,Recommended,403190,18557307,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,SirSyntax,"First Impressions:Very straightforward resource-management city-building game... IN SPACE! Music is a bit boring. For best results, play a new game after you've landed a ship on Duna in KSP.Deeper Impressions:Okay, I've sunk about 20+ hours into this game. Addictive. After three failed bases, I think this Ice World base is destined for greatness. Music is still boring as hell... but I need to hear the music shifts to be able to tell when certain disasters are happening. Game devs should really put in notifications when Solar Flares are over. Maybe it's a setting I haven't found?"
76561198006607831,Recommended,403190,18568917,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Product82,"I've been wishing for a game like this for a long time. If Sim City had a love child with ""The Martian"", you'd get Planetbase. Pioneering a new home on a planet with a harsh environment is as difficult, as it is enjoyable. I had to restart my game several times to figure what to build and when, to help my colonists survive their first night on their new planet. Building the equipment you need to maintain a self sufficient colony is the motivating factor in this game. No real story to speak of, the game relies on a milestone system for game progression. Similar to the way Civilization games progress.Your starting crew of 7 colonists with varying professions, and their two droids, touch down in a lander with supplies. It's up to these brave few to get the base set up with the basic needs to survive on a planet with no breathable atmosphere. Get your oxygen generator set up, then provide it with power by building solar panels to collect energy during the day (or windmills to generate power around the clock). Build an energy collector to store surplus energy for use throughout the night. Once your colonists can breath some air, Build an airlock to let your people in. Then there's more to build from there. You need to make food, make building materials, etc.A great game with a a lot of bang for the buck!"
,Recommended,403190,18569847,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,KatrianaChou,"I love civilization/city building games. This game made me want to rip my hair out... at first. :P  There is a bit of a learning curve with this game. I had to restart about 10 times because my people kept dying, until I finally figured out a few important things:*Workers are WAY more important that any other specilization (engineers/doctors/etc..)!*Having a sick bay early on is a MUST.*Have as many carrier bots as possible.*Get driller bots as soon as you can afford it. They work your mines.Now that I have figured it out.. my little moon colony is awesome!"
76561198175904005,Recommended,403190,18569959,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,demona008,Its a great game for all who love strategies/building cities and so on.Still there are still few bugs that need to be fixed..at least for the time i have played i have seen...i hope it will be fixed so it will be even more attractive. Some of the bugs and things to be fixed:- all humans and bots do not use shortest way and go around hole base..and ofcource they waste too much time and die/get broken...its a major problem. They should use as a priority the base - inside ways..and go around just when no other way.- in trades - it often hapens a ship to wait for the last 1 item to be delivered and it just dont hapen...may be one worker got it and while going all around the base to deliver it he dies/ got broken and no1 else finish the last delivery..and trade fails.- priority - it simply not working...workers do what ever they want..and priority doesnt change a thing...if there are all needed matts in..for example engineers should work for spare parts/bots not going to make deliveries for a ship trades for example..or getting foods around..- events - there is no way to see when start/finish a flare storm for example..- security - its not working properly...guards walking around intruders..same as other population..and not fight them..just sitting around waiting to be killed- population should use different kind of meals when ever there are such..they just get sick for no reason..since we cant control it..if there are all kind of food ..they should eat different..instead they all get sick and all is over in early stage of the game..later on is not a problem but in the beginning cant afford so much healsSo far i have seen these as more important issues..hope it will be helpfull and will be fixed.Some suggestion:-  add one more screen to check on both resources and day/night times/wind..or make it all on 1..and about events - start/finish- when ever population/bots get stuff for trade or distribution..they should use these in bio-dome first..instead these in storage...or its not effective..waste twice more time- when we make yellow/red allarm..bots should be ok to go out delivering/repaires and so on..- it will be great option to be able to make only bots to make deliveries/repaires for example..later on when we can use many...so the population can work more effectively on all inside jobs..- why not add an option to lower grounds...may be costly but still to be possible..Ty for this game and i hope to become even more playable and fun.
,Recommended,403190,18577562,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,woodenphoenix,"Still could use a bit more content, but I enjoyed it quite a bit!"
76561198020731574,Recommended,403190,18587496,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Cpt_LeeK,"This game makes you step back and think. It is tough as nails, but fun at the same time. Being brand new, there are still some hick-ups, such as the AI does not want to survive at all. By this I mean that the colonist in your base will not do their job, even as they are dying and as the base dies around them. That is one of the most frustrating thing about the game. It's almost as if the characters were designed to not do their job. Other than the it is a fun game."
76561198031084615,Recommended,403190,18628331,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,makkw,"This game is well written comparing to the usual ""standard"" game industries are producing thesedays.Bug-less, smooth play. Very much like cities skyline. but it would be better if I could command someone to stick to their posts in case of emergency. Sometimes, the marsians (little people in the domes) would just wonder around whilst people are dying close by in desperate need of their skills, e.g. medics were watching TV with their topped happiness whilst his wards is full of patients with burnt or truama."
,Recommended,403190,18629357,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Sanctified,"It's an amazing space colonization, city building type o game. It's awesome, plays very well. Looks great, even on a intergrated gpu. Those that complain about the AI probably don't understand AI's very well. AI was a little clunky at first but works very well, also improvements are being made an updates have being implemented toward this issue in Planetbase v1.0.4. I would say it's up there with SimCity, Tropico, an Banished. However, you can not compair because the game is in a whole nutha' universe of it's own, literally..."
76561198070315324,Recommended,403190,18632551,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Jengstrom,I really like this game. Worth the 20 dollars. I have about 20 hours in the game and still havn't completed the first world but for one reason. The AI is dumb. Example: I will have 80+ food and the colonists will starve. It's really annoying and cripples my colony. I hope this gets patched and soon.
76561198023633306,Recommended,403190,18634793,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Fjor,"I can see why people would say there is a repetitive side to this game. There is a lack of diversity  and the gameplay doesn't have much depth; but it could. Currently, I enjoy this game as the flow is well paced as you find a melody and beat of repairing your systems with crafted spare parts, and expanding your base to allow for more population.The game works. I have seen very few bugs in pathing or AI. Everything is reliable. I can count on my NPCs to fix my base when in disrepair, so this makes the game more about the bigger picture, rather than micromanaging every single room, which there is a healthy amount of.They developers are actively listening to the community and have already made changes recommended by the community.8.5/10"
76561198095823913,Recommended,403190,18641133,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Itachinto,"Hello everyone. I've been following Planetbase for a while and I finally got my hands on it. It is a game with a lot of potential and it's very addictive. I am leaving a positive review here but I'm going to be going in depth with what I like about this game and what I cannot stand. Let's start with the good.Pros:Excellent concept. I absolutely adore the idea of creating a colony on a hostile planet. The sense of hopelessness is great and when morale falls, you pause to consider that every single one of the people you are taking care of are on this planet until the day they die. Their families back home on Earth will never see them again. It's very similar to Banished but has its own twist on things.Nice looking graphics. Despite its simplicity, it's actually a very good looking game. And it doesn't take a huge rig to run it. I can play it on my rig and also my relatively old laptop with no issues so it's a game that can be played on most hardware.Excellent mechanics. The fact that there is a production chain in everything makes the game so much more deeper than a lot of other city builders. Having to balance everything in order to survive and improve is what makes this game so addictive. It feels good to be able to bring your colony to self-sufficiency and it's very rewarding once you manage to do so. I also like the approach to the disasters and such and even though they can be unfair at times, it shows just how unforgiving space can be.Great sense of progression. The game really does become more difficult as you go along to the different planets and it's undoubtedly a challenging game that has a learning curve. However, the difficulty is actually most of the game's charm. It's really fun to overcome the hurdles here and when you finally reach the point where you don't have to micromanage your colony and you can just leave them to fend for themselves, it really shows how far you've come from starting with 7 colonists and 2 robots.Great Potential. I see loads of possibilities with this game for the future and I really hope the developers look into creative ways to improve the game. I understand that there's only three planets but at the same time, a lot can be done with what is done here. I could see a hardcore mode being done for masochistic gamers like myself or even a sandbox mode where we can just try out different builds to find what works for us. More planets is definitely on the horizon and I can see the developers doing things like adding new buildings, new machines and even new mechanics overall. This game is early in release so there's loads of things the developers can do with it in the future.Now...for the bad things.Cons:HORRIBLE AI. Though it hasn't bothered me as much, there are moments where the AI really just sits there in a stupor and does nothing. I've had to restart my games a bunch of times because the AI would never build or do what they need to survive. I remember one particular time when I set an Oxygen Generator, an Airlock attached to it, a Solar Panel, a Power Collector and a Water Extractor to go. The AI built EVERYTHING in the REVERSE order I put them to build in and as a result, they died of asphixiation because the Oxygen Generator was built LAST. The AI defnitely needs some work or at the very least, give us the option to prioritize certain things better. Build queues that we can customize or even a menu that allows us to tell everyone to work on one particular task more would be good because there were many times when I prioritized my Bio-Dome with loads of pads and not even half my Biologists would go in there to work.Lack Of End Game. It's basically non-existent. I fully understand that it's an issue with city builders because once you reach the point where you can leave your colony to fend for itself with no more microing, there's nothing more to do. That needs to be addressed because the average game length is no more than a few hours depending on how skilled you are at microing. We need some options for the end game because right now, successful colonies don't feel like they serve a purpose apart from bragging rights.Even though there are only two cons here, they areMAJORproblems that break the game for a lot of people. The reason I leave a positive review is because I think the developers will listen to every last one of us and will work accordingly. They've already tried to address some of the AI issues and if we leave them ideas and suggestions, I'm positive they'll listen and take it into account.The game is very fun but I will only tell people who have patience and absolutely love city builders to get this in its current state, because it will♥♥♥♥♥♥you off otherwise. It's a great game, but it definitely needs some polishing before I can reccommend it to anyone. For a full release game, there's a lot of issues with it but at the very least, the developers are working to fix it."
76561198026661846,Recommended,403190,18658722,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Drazhare,"Nice base builder, but with lots of bugs. For example at population 315 colonists just stopped eating and drinking, and well, died. I had food and water, but they had no will to live, I guess?"
76561198003655644,Recommended,403190,18662875,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,tango,"Pretty fun game. It feels a little bit like it should still be in beta as it is rough around the edges, but thumbs up for a good indy game about space."
76561198089100932,Recommended,403190,18663823,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Dragonfire31,"Overall a great game, has given me more then a few hours of entertainment. Just a little sucky that my main map I had been working on crashed and will not open. But I can always start a new one. Very fun game and its still being worked on so i can only expect it to become better! As long as development will continue for this game I will keep my upvote, if this is where they are leaving it I may change my mind at a later time."
,Recommended,403190,18666063,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,ChairmanVis,Great game.  Personally I enjoy it.  It can become better so a message to the developers: keep it going.
76561198012808949,Recommended,403190,18666443,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Glorious_Coffee,Built a landing pad and brought in colonist.Didn't increase food production.Everyone died.10/10 would build more pylons next time.
76561198130168207,Recommended,403190,18547415,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,benjames171,"Good fun game to begin with - very reminiscent of 'Banished' in that you must build up different buildings and gather resources in order to keep your miniature people alive.After a while though, some sort of space sickness infects everyone and they become lazy and suicidal.I wanted to upgrade my water collector so recycled the old one and placed a larger one in its place. The colonists had no other jobs to do and recources were plentiful. Rather than upgrade the water collector they all milled about doing nothing. Eventually the water and air ran out and they all died. I felt bad and later frustrated.Would still recommend this game with the reservation that you have to learn to work around the AI glitches."
76561198027906889,Recommended,403190,18548789,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,ShadowAnti,"Really great, polished game. Lacking a little depth, but that's quite alright considering the difficulty.To give you an example:I'm on the 2nd planet, fully established base with 70+ colonists. Shouldn't have any issues getting it up to 500+.Solar flare happens. Don't have enough medical supplies to heal everyone. 8 people die. They were all biologists. Can't grow food anymore. More people starve. Nobody wants to transfer to my colony because people are dying. The power grid goes offline because I don't have enough people to maintain it. Colony dies. GGLots of fun."
76561198026860376,Recommended,403190,18549714,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Oddi,"Great game but i think new things to do need to be added, new disasters, aliens whatever something exciting and more buildings and so on. Still great game though"
,Recommended,403190,18558132,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Bra'tac,"Game reminds be a lot of banished, it's pretty much the same but in space on a random planet. It has a lot of the same ups and downs of banished but the game works well & is very fun.Sadly the game has no real end game, you just keep getting bigger and bigger. This becomes very easy once you've mastered the fundamentals of the game.Is this game worth 20 Dollars? Yes, and no. I do think the money spent on the game is worth it since it’ll enable the devs to either expand this game or work on other titles.Some suggestions –Add some form of end game (or even modes) e.g time mode with 60 days to reach 300 population or etcAdd more events, maybe there is alien life on the planet and it sometimes attacks you like intruders.Expand trading, maybe there are other colonies and we can setup trading routes( like Anno between ports)We need more buildings.. More things to do!Add actual research.. Expand patensPros -Very fun gameStep Learning CurveBeautiful GraphicsGame runs well on my♥♥♥♥♥♥laptopCons –No End gameGets boring after you have mastered the fundamental’sLet us use a key to change the building size if we do not a scroll button."
76561198034171721,Recommended,403190,18558365,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,The Corgi Pupper,"1. Avoid Running out of Oxygen. It requires power AND water, so you'll likely forget everything and die.2. You need more workers, since the lazy ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s only make metal when they feel like it.3. Have both your workers break their legs and refuse to work ever again, dooming your colony to die.4. Run out of food, because every food pad only produces an ounce of food per week, and it takes entire crates of food to make a meal. Die.5. Run out of power. Die.6. Run out of spares. Everything breaks down. Die.7. Don't forget your power storage on the first night, or die.8. Make a checklist. Die anyway.8/10 WOULD DIE AGAIN.YOU ARE OUT OF SPARE PARTS. BY THE TIME YOU GET THIS MESSAGE IT IS TOO LATE. FOREVER. AND WE WILL NEVER STOP REMINDING YOU EVERY THIRTY SECONDS UNTIL YOU DIE.PS: Why do beds become inoperable when the power goes out? It's a matress, not a computer. Please fix this madness. Also why do water fountains stop working when the power goes out? It's plumbing, not electricity..."
76561197996204852,Recommended,403190,18568725,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Elviraa,"I would only suggest this game to the crowd that like challenging simulation games.The positive(s) for me have been that the game feels like a puzzle - after trial and error it does feel rewarding.  There is constant tension because of random affects of intruders, weather, and just trying to keep up with all your colonists needs. This tension seems to feel too abusive to some reviewers but unlike other games like Banished you can't really let your guard down and enjoy the aesthetics of what you are building. the AI does need to be tweaked more even though this last patch did help)You do have to micro manage and consider your choices. You cannot just plop structures down because it feels right - you are almost required to have experienced losses and understand the cause and how you could have affected future problems to prevent them in future builds.The negative(s) for me are that the amount of structures you have at your disposal are limited at the moment. Besides wanting more to play with you have limited options or tools to solve certain problems. If you have a problem like morale - get a bar or multi room. Problem with food - canteen, lab, bio. It becomes formulaic quickly as a result.I really hope for modding support in the future because I can see some cool content being built. Banished and the colonial charter mod(s) come to mind as a similar situation I can see. I think there will always be a difference between Banished and Planetbase in that the later will require constant management and choice making to simply survive where Banished evolves into an aesthetic experience the longer you play.At the moment I would recommend this to those of you that like the Dark Souls of sims experience. I know I do ;)"
76561198040989527,Recommended,403190,18568818,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,williamjohnnew,16.6 hours in and im finding it hard to pull myself away from this game! so addictive! if you've ever played fragile allegiance then this could be the modern follow up you've been waiting for. as the game is in its very early stages it would be nice to know what the future plans are as in its current form in about 10 hours i think i'll be bored but im sure there are updates to come.even if i only get 30 hours total out of this game for the price its amazing and you wont regret it!
76561198033916472,Recommended,403190,18577083,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,PuChiS PuChiKa,Excellent!!!!! game extremly addictive
,Recommended,403190,18579222,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Nevicar,"I am looking forward to see this game grow and become a really fun experience. Right now it is pretty bare bones, but I am hyped to see what the devs have in store for the future."
76561198012510583,Recommended,403190,18601519,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,MrFreeman,"This game to my current record of play is mega fun. Except in this version, i dont have to save matt damon, he can have plenty of friends to build stuff withWould abandon matt damon/10"
76561198005558251,Recommended,403190,18624488,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,1.inkvizitor,"in game is missing:toilets, shower for colonists...,  case for med packs in sick bay, armor or rifles for guards, security bot,  upgrade dome glasses with transparent solar panels to produce energy, bar pults with barman, maybe family domes with privacy, some social games, darts, billiard. etc.- more colonists should go in/out at once.-auto sell produtc to trade ships... (maybe trade strage dome)- option to build garrage and some terrain vehicle for enginers with storrage capacity of materials for construction ...- maybe awakening some alien hostile organisms later?- drilling som exotic metals for selling to traders?-what about elevator to undeground levels of base ?-laser against asteroids ? tactical rockets are more realistic....- largest bio dome should using pivot system to produce lot of food with few biologists.-etc.bugs:drones and colonits  ina later game walking outside od colony until they´l die.- its great game with high potencial, just it needed more stuff to be real and more funny."
76561197966351016,Recommended,403190,18628792,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Talos,"I really enjoyed this game.  This is one of these games you need to relax and think about like a city builder, as every individual action you take (or forget to take) can lead to a success or fail of the colony.I found it like a cross between Banished (released 2014) and Evil Genius (released 2004), where the function is alot like banished, and the art is alot like Evil Genius.The best bit about the game is learning to build a massive colony, and when you have a hundred domes glimmering almost to the horizon, it does look pretty awesome.I agree with what other reviewers have said, the AI does still need work, which made the game less fun, some examples are:Structures that never build, because when they started the resource wasn't available. Removing and replacing the structure allows it then to build.Trade ships that stay forever because the resource traded becomes unavailable after the trade has been done.Things I would like to see, to improve the game:Ability to skip the ship landing cinematic.Astronauts having some kind of animation while idle.Lava PlanetsJust a tip to the Devs, you released the game around the time that the film ""The Martian"" was still being talked about, so good job! Make sure you release Planetbase 2 or 3 at equally oppotune moments, and again, I really enjoyed the game, and i'm glad I bought it."
,Recommended,403190,18628869,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,TheMadCapper,"I've led 3 different colonies to starvation, asphyxiation, and dehydration.Time to, as the great Mark Whatney so eloquently put, ""science the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of this""."
76561198106293589,Recommended,403190,18629976,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,*Driving*Miss*Daisy*,"Fun, challenging to grow even on easy level. Requires lots of planning, you pretty much have to just science the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of everything."
76561198006708450,Recommended,403190,18630988,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Ragehaven,Great game but quite hard. Pay close attention to the tutorial or your will last 10 minutes before everyone dies... Still highly recomended. A+++
,Recommended,403190,18632389,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Time Lady Katie,Colonists die of asphyxiation going to an airlock on the other side of the base and passing three other airlocks on the way. Is Planetbase suggesting we send our stupid people to Mars? I think yes.
76561198008970871,Recommended,403190,18635581,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,GuapoJim,"Simple, challenging, addictive, simultaneously."
76561198030311170,Recommended,403190,18636914,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,dudeworthington,"I thoroughly enjoyed this game. Some of other viewers are correct that there isn't a lot of game there, but whats here is great. Appreciate it for what it is."
76561197972228721,Recommended,403190,18640097,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,jowlstral,Great game!
76561198029079916,Recommended,403190,18640749,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,pdavidcohen,"PlanetBase is, overall, worth your time.The goodFun to watch your base growQuite a few challenges early on; you must be very careful with your limited resources at the startIt's like Banished, but in space!The badDisasters can get repetitive with only 4 kinds; meteors, solar flares, sandstorms (only on one planet, and it replaces solar flares), raiders, and maybe space fluOnly three planets to choose fromColonist AI can be a little... iffy at timesThe uglyDeath spirals, which to be fair, would be realistic for a space colony; the power goes out for a bit and your oxygen depletes, which prevents your workers from working the farms, so even if the power comes back on you might still starve...A lot of the problems could be solved with a few mods (player made disasters, player designed planets), but luckily, the developers are still making a few adjustments based on feedback."
76561198020190692,Recommended,403190,18664551,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Jahith,"The game is cool and very pleasant both to look at and play. Mechanics are solid and I had a very fun time playing it sinking hours into perfecting my base. I do have few nitpicks tho for example for some reason the game expects you are very slow and have planty of patience. For example after landing there is this ""Ceremony"" where you have to watch as each an every single one of your colonists gets out of the ship be fore the game graciously allows you to continue. then there are achivements that you can click (DON'T CLICK THEM) The game punishes you for clicking them by forcing you to stare at a picture for a minute. Devs if you read this there is this concept of ""I GET IT CAN WE MOVE ON NOW?!"""
76561197990101427,Recommended,403190,18664692,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,vic,"Know what you're getting.  This is not a fully fleshed out RTS, by any stretch.  It's not exactly a building game, either.  It's essentially a management game.  And it can be a fun and challenging one, if you approach it from that angle.  Here's what I've learned:Anything you build can be un-built without penalty, infinitely, all it takes is time and man- (or bot-) power.  So for instance, your colonists can sleep in beds made from the machines they were working on a few minutes ago.  Later, you may want to deconstruct large sections of your base and rebuild it elsewhere.  Don't let the relatively low number of upgrade options fool you, base design is a major aspect of the game and the possibilities are endless.You cannot directly control units.  Get over it. It's a management game, but not micro-management.  Pay attention, learn how the AI prioritizes tasks, and your colony will succeed.  Colonists basically only do their jobs during their ""spare"" time.  So if there's something to be moved or built, they will do that first.  Stop giving them things to do!  That's what bots are for.Look at the game for what it is and I think it's an enjoyable one."
,Recommended,403190,18665023,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,BadWolf,Awesome game definitely worth the money.
,Recommended,403190,18667219,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Fleakachu,"Right. Not a bad game, only just gave it a thumbs up though because the idea of a great game is there however... This game is harder than it should be, I mean don't get me wrong - it shouldn't be hard, but it is. The bad AI and the non-existent priority function makes it so much more difficult than it should be. If you make one mistake, like not build enough food supplies; you've basically lost the game. Suddenly everyone starts getting hungry at once, and then before you can build more food supplies, people start dying of starvation, this could so easily be prevented if there was a priority function...All in all, I think with a few fixes and updates from the developers, this game could potentially be worth the £14.99. But right now? Probably not worth it"
76561198009327166,Recommended,403190,18678250,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,AlphaJohn,"Great game and the developers are listening to the community to fix the small mistakes that pop up.Though great, theres soo much potential to add additional features, like:- Build your own hangar and load a ship of your own with stuff to trade off-world.- A building that makes fuel from water: hydrogen - oxygen (does that work)- A research building that needs scientists to unlock new stuff/upgrades- A challenge mode where you have to supply an orbiting Space station with foodI could go on!Love the game :)"
76561198068075081,Recommended,403190,18529250,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Ho,Amazing game!
76561198024107846,Recommended,403190,18544868,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,tricky8oy,"Well Planetbase is a great game to play if your into building games such as Sim City and other similar games. Brace yourself for the many hours you'll spend playing it.That said, also brace yourself for the INSANELY INFURIATING STUPIDITY of the games A.I. The A.I in this game controls the colonists that cannot be directly ccontrolled by you, the player. I have found myself on more occasions than I can count going all Gordan Ramsey on this game. Except screaming at the top of your lungs at 3 o'clock in the morning achieves nothing to the games A.I however it is very effective at waking up the neigbour's 2 month old to the delight of the baby's  parents.However if you can get through that it is a highly rewarding game that is fun and easy to play. hopefully a patch will come soon that will fix the A.I's shortcomings."
,Recommended,403190,18567611,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Razash,"Interesting game. I greatly enjoy the concept of this game but there are some truly annoying bugs. For example, my base went to complete♥♥♥♥♥♥because my engineers didn't want to prioritize making spare parts in order to repair my power production...."
,Recommended,403190,18556405,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Mr Fritz,"Started a new game on the first planet, reset a few times till I got the PERFECT map. Never gave much thought to meteors, up untill this point i've only ever had one ever hit a building across my MANY colony ending resets (Lack of O2 for one reason or another... mostly). Anyways I had a confident design going, just started expanding my power grid for my next colony expansion when it started. Random meteors scored a 3 when it nailed my little work crew that had been going to build a much needed solor panel. Almost as smoothly as my colony was running did it soon fall apart as the next meteor took out a power collector just in time for the sun to go down and the wind to die. We didn't make it past the night.10/10 Will watch my hour old colony collapse in the manner of minutes again."
76561198025375670,Recommended,403190,18557982,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Zappurius,"27 Hours so far so i can't say the game is bad. It is a good game. With great potential.But...It lacks replayability. In short there are to few options in building choices. It is a very vanilla game. It gives you all you need to survive, but when you understand it all, it doesnt give you the tools advance your game. You just keep doing more of the same over and over again, untill you run out of space to put more power storage and water buildings.That being said i realy enjoyed it and will recommend it. I just see the potential for a even better game with some added complexity.Things i want to see.-More control of what the humans do. Having tons of materials and then die to engineres not makes spare parts is aggrovating.-More recources/production chains. At late game you need more for your humans/bots to do.-More space efficient power and water buildings. Like a nuclear powerplant or something. It should be very expensive, maybe with some new production chains needed.-More for you (the player) to do. In late game all you do is sit and wait. There is nothing to respond to. You plan your base and then wait for new population to arrive.Tools-The menus needs work. All of them. Settings are bare bones. No window mode, no borderless(must have for anyone with 2 screens)-Being able to scale the ui would be nice, it is abit large for my taste.-The ui could show you the information easier, I spend alot of time switching between pages which it no fun at all.-The noice from the yellow and red alarm is annoying as hell. And again turning it on and off is not handy at all.-Keybinding/shortcuts, please-Some guideline to help you set builings in straight lines 90/45 degrees. Or even a Preplaceing of building, so you can line everything up before your workers start moving mats out.All in all i like this game, but i want it better."
76561198028048932,Recommended,403190,18583575,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,ExMerq,"Great game. You must be very cautious when expanding. A poor allocation of resources or production can snowball very quickly. The gameplay may slow at times, as if you’re only waiting, but that lull into a sense of security is a trap! My only complaint is the colonist AI. I found myself wanting some of the micro-management mechanics of Rimworld. I'm sure this will be added in coming patches though. Again, great game!"
76561198088259969,Recommended,403190,18536359,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Gurgeh,"Fabulously enjoyable!Sufficient challenges* Getting your base established, self sufficient and off to a good start:- Get it wrong early on and the results will certainly be terminal. Requires deliberate and timely descisions, not a lot of margin for error.* Once a base is established your margin for error increases but growing a base is an ongoing balancing act. Without giving anything away getting it wrong can really set you back and still be terminal.* Each planet is especially more challenging at the beginning than the last. Each planet requires you modify how you develop your base throughout.Rewarding* Achieving the milestones is rewarding while also providing a sense of purpose thoughout at the end of which you can sit back and marvel at your thriving self sufficient collony!* Each new planet does come as a challenge when you first meet it. Then you overcome!* The game gives you a fantastic sense of how your colonists are striving to endure. Then laterly you get a real sense of hustle and bustle as you see each individual come and go to make best use of the facilities and resources you direct them to work on.* The graphics are both endearing, stylistic, but also when look at the planet and the base from a distance give you a suprising atmosphere of the alien and isolated.Other Pros* Can <Alt-Enter> into windowed mode.* Once a base is off to a good start and you know your planet, if you keep it in normal speed you can easily treat is as rich ammusement in background while you do otherthings or vice versa. This is a niche not filled by many games.* Conversly with use for x4 speedup there is no reason why the pace of the game need let up at all.Cons* Frankly none. Most of the cons (lack of paused building, simplicity) that I have seen would see the nature of the game significantly changed. One of the beautiful things about this game is its uniqueness. There are a mryriad of games that are exhaustingly intricate with a plethora structures too numerous to use in a single game which are endlessly simlar but nuanced at the same time and with a thousand different factors to balance, most of which depending upon your play style you will never use. This game is not one of those. There are few exquisitely designed and interelated entities and resources, and an elegant game mechanic. Master this and watch as the base seemingly takes on a life of its own; assume that it has then unless your base is static and you have got things just right then eventually you will see it collapse... . You must better master this mechanic to buld your base on each successive planet.I reccon games are above other things simply about fun. This game simply is simple fun!"
76561198125808771,Recommended,403190,18548481,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,ggs,"I have a lot of fun with this game. It looks emasing and it has its difficulties where you can fail on. Whenever you think ""I made it"", the next crisis appears und you struggle to solve the problems. And you can in most situations track the things that you made wrong to think of solutions and trying them.I build my first colony now with over 100 people and it was pretty good fun to get there. Can't wait to go to the next planet and start a new one.So, I really recommend this game for everyone who likes this genre!Also has pretty good german version.So, keep on the good work and thx a lot for the fun!"
,Recommended,403190,18577209,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Bligh,"Like cocaine for survival RTS style. I try to just take a bit, end up taking all day."
76561198032747107,Recommended,403190,18664058,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,The unknown builder.,"Great game just like other colony building games like Project Aura and Banished. Though with a steeper learning curve then those games in the long run.  As yes it seams ""easy"" with your first crew but once you start getting more people on the base it can get harder and harder. And the graphics are just great for an indie game I have to say 10/10 get this game if your into city builders. Atleast until Anno 2205 comes out."
76561198031294081,Recommended,403190,18529293,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,killzone3001,enjoyable in that i hate this S***t kind of way lol i recommend it to everyone
,Recommended,403190,18530319,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,fyhring,"Just pure awesomeness!Its a bit like Banished, but on other planets!"
,Recommended,403190,18634154,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,BigNewb,"This is not one of those games where you spend a lot of time unlocking everything.Most of the buildings unlock as soon as you need em.Pretty simple gameplay I'm sure it could be broken down to a formula.That said, the experience was fun.  I lost a few timed before building a successful colony which I feel is VERY important.  Too many games hold your hand and don't let you fail.There was enough challenge to keep me at the first planet for a while.  I've yet to try the second planet, but I get the feeling it will be a slightly altered version of the previous one.  Probably with less power of one sort or another.  That said, I look forwards to the challenge.There's plenty of importance in placement of the buildings and in the contents of the buildings...  It was fun trying to rearrange things after they were built.I dunno, I enjoyed it and do not regret the time and money spent unlike some other games I've played.Edit:I RETURN!  So what I have discovered about the different planets is that the main difficulty is the reduced startign position.  I have also discovered the game is a lot about growth.The only thing that has turned me off so far is that after you've got the basic setup (achievable with under 100 population) there isn't a lot of point to expanding.  I'm hoping this is something that will develop with time."
76561197993262426,Recommended,403190,18573358,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,gman877,"I'm a big fan of city builders, so this was up my ally. It's a bit basic, as there are only about 10 different buildings and You'll probably kill everyone in your base at least twice before you learn things the tutorial doesn't cover. Ex You need 4-5x more power harvesters than water harvesters, and night time on planet #1 happens very soon after landing, but it wouldn't be fun if it was too easy. There is enough strategy involved to keep it fun.The AI isn't great, It makes the game go slow  - but there is a button to speed up time. I found myself playing on 2x for most of mid game. Resources seemed to go from way too few, to way too many, with little time at ""just right"".I ""beat"" (got population of 100) on the first planet, and don't see enough appeal to repeat the process on the others, but it took ~15 hrs to get that far so I say - worth it."
76561198118427437,Recommended,403190,18629814,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Phouse87,"This is going to be an honest review - this game is worth the money.Though the premise sounds simple - build a base on 3 different planets and survive, it really isn't. It took me about 10 attempts to get a base up and running (and surviving) on the first planet, and I've just started on the second planet and it's I'm back to square one. All my ideas of base building have been turned upside down by the second planet, it's a totally different ball game.The game is very unforgiving - it's easy to make the mistake of thinking ""this is going really well!"" only to have a meteor land on your dorm while 14 colonists are sleeping. Or the one dopey engineer that decides to build that new building you've waiting what seems like forever to gather the resources for, only for a solar flare to appear and fry him like an egg.There are some features the game perhaps lacks - research in the ""lab"" (new technologies are bought from the trading ships), alien attacks (though there are intuders from visiting ships), the ability to set priorities on resource distribution (unless I missed this?) to name a few, but it's well worth the money for hours of entertainment."
,Recommended,403190,18631688,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,PYROMANT|C,"Despite all the challenges Planetbase managed to grip me in a way that few games have, tapping into that part of my brain that needs to know how this complicated system works so I can exploit it. Indeed whilst it took me 8 hours to reach 100 colonists I barely realised I had spent that much time in it, forgetting myself for hours at a time whilst I watched my little puppets go about their daily lives. There were some frustrating moments of course but they are the kinds of stories these games thrive on, those moments where a lapse in concentration or missing component ends up having unintended consequences. It may not be for everyone (unless a brutal version of Sim City is your cup of tea) but for those of us that thrive on challenges like this it’s definitely worth playing.Read my full review here:https://www.therefinedgeek.com.au/index.php/2015/10/23/planetbase-theyre-all-dead-and-its-all-my-fault/"
76561198127569339,Recommended,403190,18632132,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Stormium,"great game really good concept, mechanics and graphics. just one thing....FIX THE ♥♥♥♥ING CITIZEN AI. THOSE RETARD WORKERS WONT USE THE PROCESORS TO GET THE ONE MATERIAL NEEDED TO FIX THE WOUNDS FIX POWER AND STOP STARVATION. BUT no they just dont feel like and and stand next to it because they are hungry. if your hungry build the thing so you wont be."
,Recommended,403190,18634879,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Akatsuki Pain,What I like about it is that its very challenging at the beginning and slowly build your nationAwsome!
,Recommended,403190,18635659,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Nexy,Nice game !
76561197974811964,Recommended,403190,18659218,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Kirkkid,"Built bases on all 3 planets. AI's stupidity is being worked on by the creator and for now is easily worked around. If you enjoy a challenging survival/citybuilding experience, then try this out."
76561198031707244,Recommended,403190,18667617,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Rei'No Otoko,"At the time of this review I have 69 hours of play, I've not yet left the Desert Planet but I'm in no hurry to do that. I tend to start over at every patch because that's the best way to test a game your playing. I've slso discovered that for me I need to verify my game cache everytime I exit the game. If I don't do that I end up with many of the complaints you see on the forums, and when I reverify after the fail I get a 0 0 patch file that then verifies but the extremely bad AI and many other things stop.Okay reviewI really loved Banished but PlanetBase does many many things Banished can't do without mods.  This game is NOT Sime City or Cities Skylines, so First and for most if you enjoyed or like Banished or Stonehearth or that type of game then this is your style of game.I love figuring out how to place things for best results and keeping them as happy as possible. The challenge of overcoming disasters, that are your constant companion, and  you won't keep everyone alive because of them, Colonies on the edge of life are high risk.   I recently suffered a Starvation event, that I'm afraid was my fault. and I made it even worse, because of how I don't use constant trade ships, so from high 70's to 12 before I was able to recover and they are over 100 strong now and pretty happy to boot. making cons from vistors creating a good security set up, to keep out intruders, are all possible and attainable as the game is now. Yes it has bugs and they are responding to those and adjusting the game. You can easily die your first day, the tutor to this game is you friend something many game tutors are not, but it won't hold your hand once you start building your own. Management and learning to build within the game provisions makes for a very good game on its own, blindly playing and not learning how to play it, will never be a success. If you expect to do what ever you want, You best learn to do that withing the games structure or failure, death and lossing, will be your reward. That is how a game is, this one is no different stay in the rules, grow a great colony, There is most deffinetly a Real Life quality to this game, of things we can actually almost do and soon may well do. I'm enjoying this very much. And I may add way better then those others I mentioned and this point in this alpha's life. This game is going to bring it can you respond in time to recover and grow to even higher hieghts."
76561198020535314,Recommended,403190,18601435,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Jolly Gamer,"WHY MUST A METEOR LAND THERE?So i bought this on a spur of the moment and it looked kinda fun. After what now 8 or 9 hours i've got to say i dont regret buying it at all. Its a whole lot more fun than i thought it would be. And its quite intracate in that certain buildings have a multitude other buildings that depend on them. And this brings me to meteors, good loord they are so accurate and will without fail aim for the most vital parts of your base. My first attempt was destroyed when a metor hit the habatation module with ALL my colonists inside, which though it looked really cool, was annoying. But hey ho, just all part of the fun.If i were to make one complaint, the colonist AI is somehwat dim witted but other than that im really impressed by this game.Overall 8/10"
76561197988311122,Recommended,403190,18618953,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,xHAWGx,"This game is very good. I'd give it 10/10 bacons if I actually gave away my bacons.Probably ranks in the top 5 best ""base management"" games I have ever played.It's Banished...in SpaAAACCE! No really. Plays like Banished (love that one too) but different in a great way.The interface, while annoying as hell at first, soon becomes a non-issue. Just use keyboard shortcuts. Tab and Alt are your friend.I'd type more but I want to go play Planetbase, so just buy the game and support the dev. So far updates have been regular so we will see."
,Recommended,403190,18671070,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,chris45724,"fun game, but i think its buggy because people in my base had the parts to make spares but would not make them, then the power failed, but up untell then it was fun."
,Recommended,403190,19044188,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,Zephkiel,"A lot of reviews liken this game to Banished, and this is true for the most part.  However it's important to keep in mind that this is not Banished, and should be judged on its own merits.  There are some fundamental differences between the two:In Planetbase, you cannot assign jobs to workers.  You're at the mercy of the population spread (which you can influence).Unlike Banished, you do not have the ability to forward build (In Banished you could essentially create your entire town from the start of the game, then just pause/unpause development as needed).  Instead, you'll have to wait for buildings to be fully built and connected before you can start building components inside them.Now, the Banished comparison aside, how does Planetbase fare on its own merits?  The short answer is: brilliantly.  Expanding your base can be a little obnoxious at times (forget upgrading or replacing rooms, most of them form integral attachments to other links so you'll be forced to expand outwards), but creating a fine balance between expansion and self-sustaining livelihood is a delicate and precise maneuvre.  Bring in some colonists to boost your productivity and watch in horror as they consume all your food and stop working, which causes a chain reaction where eventually you'll run out of parts to repair your machines, and you can only watch in horror as your base slowly falls to pieces (unlike Banished, where you can retract your buildings to reflect the population drop).  Destruction of your base through various means is a real possibility at all times, but most enjoyably, it's entirely avoidable with clever planning (save for an unlucky meteor shower early in the game).  Technology expansion comes in the form of traders who arrive at your landing pad.  These traders also offer many lifelines, such as providing food or spares when you're in decline.The biggest advice I can give is expand slowly!  Be sure to disable colonists arriving until you've regained self-sufficiency.The AI can be somewhat useless at times, but I have not run into any situations where the AI has been at fault for issues with the base; moreso they fall under minor inconveniences where a stray meteor might hit because nobody's manning the telescope, etc.  Generally, these are not game-ending scenarios.On the surface, Planetbase is simple at its core.  You juggle resources to expand your base and survive.  At its more intricate levels, any lapse in attention can bring about Apocalypse for your unsuspecting colonists.  I would love to see an 'evacuation' option for when the end is nigh, so you can watch them flee the base instead of starving to death or dying of oxygen deprivation.ProsOff-world building experience.Nice visuals.A genuine possibility of mass extinction with any lapse of judgement.Very little time spent 'waiting for resources'.  There's always something you can be doing.Traders can save a struggling base.ConsCan't pre-design your base.Can't replace or upgrade most inefficient or obsolete buildings.Can't disable single components in a room; you'll need to disable them instead.Can't pause building production to save it for later (the best you can do is prioritise other buildings).Overall, this is the colony/building game I've been waiting a long time for.  Easily a 9.5/10"
76561198117840339,Not Recommended,403190,34348553,Posted: 19 August,all,Stacey's Mom,Currently the game is almost unplayable. Constantly freezes. When it works it is a lot of fun and if this problem were fixed I would recommend it as a great resource/city building game. But as of right now it is extremely frustrating trying to play it with the constant restarts due to freezing.
76561198202327588,Recommended,403190,33774193,Posted: 24 July,all,christhunderfist,"great game, trash A.I."
,Not Recommended,403190,31051897,Posted: 9 April,all,Circe,"The game is fun for about 30 minutes, until you realize that there's a complete lack of content. The game is extremely promising, but development has been pretty much completely nonexistant."
76561198288604923,Recommended,403190,28590613,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Danderfall,i have played this a little and i think it is a very well made base builder game10/10 will definatly suffocate 72 colonists again
,Not Recommended,403190,24645943,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Estilgar,"A nice premise and a fun way to kill time provided that is all you are killing.  But as many other comments mention, it lacks in long term entertainment.Can only reccomend if you like to be a vegetatable while playing. (sometimes i do)"
,Not Recommended,403190,30814343,Posted: 29 March,all,tersse,"disapoining took ages to fix a lot of bugs, and the AI still gets lost and wont use some doorways into colony, lack of added content id give it a 4 out of 10 as a game."
76561198103204853,Not Recommended,403190,18769239,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,bitterharp174,very un game in the early game and mid to repetive in the late game besides getting new technoligies overall not a bad game but in the late game theres nothing to do more content is needed before i can say for someone to buy this after the first playthrough its the samething over and over again so along with new planets they should add more content and and make it a lttle harder on gthe desert planet
,Recommended,403190,18921565,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,NowThisJews,"Game is good, BUT THE SOLAR PANELS AND WIND TURBINES ARE HOOKED TOGETHER FOR SOME REASON? So the wind strength is amazing, but when the solar panel has no power, the wind turbine seems to be like: ""wow let me be worthless like him!"" Other than that, IF I HAD ENOUGH POWER TO FEED MY PEOPLE I would have a good colony."
,Not Recommended,403190,21357879,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Bricks,"Let me start off this review saying that I will rarely buy city builders, and this game just reinforces my opinions.My first problem with this game is that the tutorial teaches you ♥♥♥♥ all about how to fully utilize the AI and mechanics of this game. For example, If you build a cantina attached to a dorm room you are screwed. The game does not explain that the oxygen is slow moving through rooms so if you have to many people in those rooms they will suffer assfixiation (suffication). The lack of information in the tutorial means you have to learn for yourself. The learning curve in this game is a goddamn cliff. We are already off to a good start.My second problem is that the AI for your people is♥♥♥♥♥♥ If your robot or person  finishes a task or is next to the machine they are going to use they will stand idling for unimaginable amounts of time. I have had to restart my game multiple times because my people either wont make spares to fix my power so the oxygen shuts off and everyone dies or they wont make food and everyone starves.My third problem with the game is the constant events. I have had to shut off my landing pads pemantly because terrorists will constantly come in, people will get radiation sickness, and meteors will hit my dorm rooms killing people and or lowering moral. When your moral lowers then people stop working. When people stop working no food is produced. You know what happens next? Big suprise you die. The only way to get moral up is for the people to stations that raise there morality, however when the AI is♥♥♥♥♥♥they will rarely if ever go raise moral. When a metor strikes an area everyone in there dies and the rooms next (if not hooked up to another hallway) will trap everyone in. When you go to fix the hallway oxygen will fill that hallway... from the other room. I did not know this would happen and all of my scientist died, restart.My forth and final problem with this game is that there is no replay value to this game. There is little to no change from your last playthrough. Even when switching planets almost EVERYTHING is the same. I know fun right?"
,Not Recommended,403190,21033718,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Khono,"Still has many flaws in the controls.  For example, I cannot create specific work shifts.  I cannot have power automatically turned off in certain areas at night.  I cannot save a worker's life by saying ""you're starving, you eat first as soon as we get food"".  Unfortunately, most of the difficulty in this game is not due to the harshness of the environment, but due to the harshness of the game engine.The biggest intellectual irritant to me is their concept that growing food doesn't create oxygen.  In fact, the oxygen we consume exactly balances with the oxygen created by the plants that grow our food.  So if we're self-sufficient with food growth, we're self sufficient with oxygen."
76561198228313364,Recommended,403190,22122911,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Trumpet Trumpoline,"Verdict: A fun game with cool strategy elements, however not worth the cost (even though 20euro may not seem like much, but still.) Got boring quite fast."
76561198019539162,Not Recommended,403190,21593840,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,SgtZero,"This game was fun and interesting for about 50 hours. Once you have made a coloney on each planet. It's done, nothing more to it and even that is not much to it. Yeah, they start you off with a little less each one but its really not hard if you can count. So I guess for 20 bucks it was better then renting a few movies but there just isnt enoug to the game to make me want to say hey great game and keep playing. Its meh, well that was some meager entertainment"
76561198065282495,Not Recommended,403190,19579426,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Fine Ranger,This game SUCKS
,Not Recommended,403190,21365924,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,toreau,"This game could have had the potential to be a Big One, but its terrible AI destroys all the (potential) fun.I'm very much into these types of games, but when even the simplest things, like distributing food, becomes a micro-management job (and your units dies because of it), it just becomes to much.I agree with previous revieweers; the developers needs to get the AI right, or else this game goes down the drain."
76561198024292506,Recommended,403190,19624490,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,JabbaTheHunty,I died a lot in the beggining.♥♥♥♥ Wind/Solar power.I dont think we should switch from fossil fuels.decomposed dinosaurs/10
76561198030546365,Recommended,403190,18703052,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Eisenfell,"if you want a Calm Near Future Building Sim and ""BANISHED"" rings a bell then you are here quite at home.the AI has gotten better , still its infuriating to see an engineer walk 3 miles back to the airlock instead of connecting the building in a fraction of time he needs for the walk back , just to let another guy do it who has to walk out there first and its by far not as bad as similar games like ""DS9"" who was abandon by its Developers midway.the Developers still add little tweaks here and there listening to the community.all in all a Thumbs up, but wait for a Sale 20 bucks is a tat deep."
,Not Recommended,403190,20077464,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,ForgeDrake,"Review 3Buy Rimworlds / Space Colonythis games mods is just a map maker if your happy with 30-40 hours and done buy it if you want a game that has real mods - rimworld - if you want a fun indepth and quirky space builder - space colony - planet base isn't a bad game its just soooo shallow - there new content is 1 new planets no buildings no extra features just a new mapReview 2First of this is a good game - they bug fixed most of the major issues of the game and I enjoyed playing it - but I realized I've finished the game basically - all 3 worlds unlocked all beaten - really only thing left is the tedium of getting all the awards - the game is fun and well crafted looks great, BUT the content is just so. . .  well limited.I'd recommend buying it if you like this kind of game - but what it really needs is a workshop (past the current generation of language mods) to add those cool buildings and cool new worlds - they did a great job making a excellent strategy/sandbox to play in - now let people make some castles.however I realize that while I enjoy the game I don't come back to it - years later I'm coming back to space colony (a 5-10 year old game) Maia (early access buggy but still lots of new features) and Project Aura - but planetbase I played and stopped. While the patches are great - nothing to bring me back either."
,Not Recommended,403190,24353607,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,thebigstickihityouwith,"Save your money until the game works.The AI is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ and the ""priority"" button does nothing but make a yellow arrow.I had a nice base. 78 colonists. 22 bots. All was going well. Then everyone starved to death because reasons. I shut down 95% of my base and saved two people. Colonists started arriving again because a base full of dead people that's 95% shut down and maybe 40% broken down is apparently still a ""Good"" place to live.All I wanted, all I needed, was for the engineers to put the mother♥♥♥♥ing semiconductors in the mother♥♥♥♥ing bot making machines and everything would be great.But instead the (now) 22 colonists were to ♥♥♥♥ing busy staring out the windows to do this one simple ♥♥♥♥ing task. A task I prioritised over EVERYTHING ELSE.But no. Instead of producing two carrier bots and a mining bot they all just stood around and starved.The game is fun until the AI just stands around and starves to death DESPITE THERE BEING A♥♥♥♥♥♥TON OF ♥♥♥♥ING FOOD LYING AROUND THE PLACE. How have I got no food to feed people, when I have 30 veg, 20 vitromeat and 7 ♥♥♥♥ing meals?!SERIOUSLY, WTF?"
,Not Recommended,403190,32772381,Posted: 25 June,all,Dion.,Dont
76561197996621191,Not Recommended,403190,19811175,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Wolfenstyne,"Buggy mess. Constantly have to restart because the game has painted me into an unavoidable corner. It's a great concept badly executed. Sorry, devs don't deserve money for this."
76561198118361651,Recommended,403190,19825034,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Rldunman,Great Game! Great Challenge and Graphics! (even on low) 9/10 to all of you!
76561198008056428,Recommended,403190,32452658,Posted: 15 June,all,Zer0FuxGiv3n,"I have MANY hours in this game. It makes you think, it makes you write things down on paper. It makes you start over and try new things in new combinations. It is FUN if you are detail oriented and like to try new things. It is NEVER boring unless you are over caffienated console player with poor impulse control and poor toilet training, then you will HATE this game. Go play CS:GO. If you like to cheat at solitaire you will hate this game too. Go play BF3 or 4."
76561198166185683,Recommended,403190,31412560,Posted: 28 April,all,SnoopDawg,"Play it once its fun. Play it twice, not really"
,Recommended,403190,31982532,Posted: 26 May,all,XeeX,Good
76561198054750550,Not Recommended,403190,18533047,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,ODST.Mattz,brain dead AI colonist and no way to control thamI rage quit two times
76561198215776944,Recommended,403190,18505178,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Nerdy Anarchist,"This game as of right now, is repetative, and kinda dull.. All you do is place structures when needed. Thats about it.. There is no missions to complete, nothing to do besides building and maintaining. Your control is extremely indirect. The game just doesnt have much longevity to it. I hope they add new features and new planets sometime. If not, then this game will go unplayed as soon as ive done everything in game. Which truly isnt much. It is a fun base building game, just would like more direct control of our pioneer astronauts.. id still recommend this game even tho what i considered to be flaws, major hindrances. All-in-All, its still a well made game.."
76561198161520555,Not Recommended,403190,34940136,Posted: 13 September,all,russell.o.stark,"There is an apparent bug in the game that disallows the engineers to make metal or repair robots.  Even when their personal needs (stats) are met, they still wander around the base as though there are no buildings to be built or resources to be created.  The game has a prioritzation method, by which the player can set the work priority for certain resources to be created, or the order in which buildings are to be built.  This method does not affect the engineer bug that becomes apparent in the first few minutes of gameplay.Game creators should develop a patch or revision that allows, to some degree, control over the workers.  Otherwise, it bares a recognizable reference to the SIMS series of games.  Planetbase was developed to be different.  It is different-so let's make it different."
76561197984481085,Not Recommended,403190,18553012,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Wink,"I played a few hours--it has a good tutorial and moves right along.The game is competent, it's basic idea is that to eat you need a spoon to make a spoon you need metal to get metal you need a mine and power to get power you need a....  It is a simulation of another world without the awe and wonder.Why do people make such uninspired games in a sci-fi context without anything sci-fi?"
76561197972039165,Recommended,403190,18501144,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Penny Lee,"The more peeps buy this game the more chance they will expand it beyound its current level, love the graphics and solid game play, could use a lot more detail like training domes or bathrooms but then just take ideas from Space Colony and it will be great.  Nice ideas, just when you think your colony has settled down then something happens or you need fix sonething then it all goes pear shaped and all your little peeps start dieing, shame you cannot recycle there little bodies for biomatter.Like to point out also its great value for the cost, nice to see this type of game released and they have done a great job.  I hope they continue tweaking and adding content as the base game is solid as a rock and so much more could/should be added to take it beyound space colony.10/10"
,Not Recommended,403190,29196302,Posted: 11 January,all,dylan-aka-shaddorry,"Very nice concept but, I just don't get why in case of starvation you can't choose which colonists are privileged to eat first. I just had all my biologists starve and and the rest followed. there was nothing I could do from there, because when there's starvation new colonists ceize to come in. Also, childbirth would be a nice option to add. Otherwise it could be a cool game if it weren't for the powerless position in case of starvation."
,Recommended,403190,18505686,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Richie19,"As of right now, solid concept and execution thereof. However lacks much depth after the beginning, but hopefully the devs are working hard on how to make this game more interesting. A few ideas I could think of are perhaps interactivity between the settlements you build, land trade routes, subterranean building options, terraforming, all sorts of stuff. It seems like a malleable engine for changes to the code to take place and I'm hopeful the devs are listening to all the reception for ideas."
76561198353933983,Recommended,403190,29475852,Posted: 24 January,all,EMPoo7,woooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
76561197986504665,Recommended,403190,18536572,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Nerdragefitness,10/10Would get everything up and running and then suddenly all my biologists would die and everyone else would die out of starvation.
76561198022953240,Recommended,403190,18740533,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Little Boy Nithipong,Planetbase : แบบจำลองดาวอังคาร(9/10 A+++)ถ้าใครยังติดลมหนัง the martian อยู่ล่ะก็ ผมแนะนำเกมเหี้ยเลยครับ ตัวเกมคือ เกมสร้างเมืองคล้ายๆกับ simcity แต่เปลื้ยนมาเป็นดาวอังคาร และขนาดไม่ใหญ่เท่าจนเรียกว่า city ได้ คล้ายๆหมู่บ้านมากกว่าผมยอมรับเลยนะว่า สนุกดีเหมือนกัน แต่ว่ามันยากกว่าที่คิดเอาไว้เยอะเลยทีเดียว มันเหมือนกับว่าเขามาสร้างเมืองบนดาวอื่นจริงๆ โดยที่อุปสรรคมันจะเยอะกว่าที่คุณคิดไว้มากทั้งเรื่อง อากาศ พลังงาน น้ำ หรือแม้แต่อาหาร นอกจากนั้นเกมยังมี อุกกาบาตกับพายุสร้างความ เวรๆ ให้เราอยุ่ตลอดเวลาระบบการเล่น : มันเหมือนเกมสร้างเมืองทั่วๆไป โดยที่ เราจะต้องสรรหาทรัพยากรธรรมชาติมาเติมเมือง แต่ความลำบากมันอยู่ที่มันเป็นดาวอังคาร ข้อจำกัดเลยจะเยอะกว่ามาก เอาง่ายๆถ้าออกซิเจน หมด ก็ gameover ได้เลย โดยพลังและทรัพยากรทั้งหมดจะค่อย เกื้อหนุน กันทั้งหมด เพราะงั้นเวลาจะทำอะไร คุณควรบริหารทรัพยากรให้ดี เพราะถ้าเกิดภัยธรรมชาติแบบไม่คาดคิดแล้วไม่ได้เตรียมการอะไรเลยล่ะก็ คนในหมู่บ้านของคุณได้ตายหมดแน่นอกจากนั้นคุณยังต้องควบคุมประชากรของคุณด้วย ถ้าเยอะเกินไปอาหารจะไม่พอ โดยประชากรของคุณมีหน้าที่ของแต่ล่ะคน ไม่ใช่ว่า วิศวะกรกันทุกคนข้อเสีย : ยากสัด....บางทีเกมก็ใจร้ายกับเรา บวกกับไม่ค่อยมีตัวช่วยสรุป : ข้ามเวลาดี เวลาเบื่อๆ ผมแนะนำว่าใครชอบแนว สร้างๆ ให้มาลองเล่นเกมนี้ดู แต่ก่อนจะเล่นผมแนะนำให้เล่น tutorial ก่อน
,Not Recommended,403190,18575988,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,darthbored,how do i request a refund? lol
,Not Recommended,403190,32857898,Posted: 27 June,all,Rediwed,"Pretty nice game, runs quite good on a Retina Macbook Pro with GT750m.However: To even get the game running, you have to disable steam overlay. Otherwise it just hangs upon startup. And even with that steam overlay disabled, the game freezes/crashes whenever a game ends. Luckily, it does save your gamestate before crashing.I don't recommend this game until these bugs have been fixed. For now; I'm refunding it."
76561198001589946,Recommended,403190,18516348,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,agio,"This is based  just on a few initial hours of play.OVERALL: A tidy game based on a classic concept, the city builder in space.  You are in charge of settling a harsh planet with just a handful of settlers and a couple of bots. You can't control them individually; you just plan and build structures, fill them with furtniture, and they go about their business according to their various classes (worker, engineer, doctor, biologist). You need to see to your population's basic needs (air, water, food, rest, and entertainment). Buidling a landing pad gives you a link to the wider world and a way to increase your population. Perservere against random events, build your colony, and eventually, you unlock powerful superbuildings.PROs:Beautiful, crisp graphics. I don't have a crazy powerful rig and I can run it on highest graphics settings no problem, and it looks great.Interesting challenge of connecting domes together into a network and managing traffic flow.Doesn't hold your hand; if you mess up, everyone dies harshly.Day and night cycle which isn't just cosmetic but actually has a strategic role. You generate power (which, among other things powers your O2 generator) two ways, either through solar (which only works during the day) or wind (which fluctuates unpredictably).Solves one of the problems of city builders, which is: how do you enable players to just sandbox but also make a challenging path forward. It does this by handing out ""landmarks"" when your colony achieves various, increasingly challenging conditions. The landmarks then unlock new levels (harder planets to colonize).CONS:Don't seem to be able to customize key bindings.The UI is limited. It would be great to be able to unlock or shrink elements. You can't display all of the information on the screen, but are forced to toggle between two panes (kind of pointless if you have a widescreen monitor).Missing some kind of census screen or way to view your population's characteristics at once. Likewise, no ability (that I can find) to cycle through your colony's population. You can click on individual people and find out information about them but you can't go back and forth among them quickly.I don't know if this is a flaw or just a design decision I don't agree with, but you have very limited opportunities to tell your people what to do. This means you have to be really strategic and when things go pear shaped its hard to recover. It also means sometimes you have to watch frustratedly as they don't do what you want them to."
,Recommended,403190,18516258,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,kazereal,"Brilliant space colony builder!I've only started and scratched the surface but this is exactly what I was looking for.You start with building a base with bare necessities, then expand and adapt to new demands and challenges. More colonists demand more food, living space, water, oxygen and all that needs energy and resources. Equipment needs maintenance and spare parts. You'll get problems like asteroid impacts.You can trade with merchants (if you can afford to) for what you cannot produce but often there is way to produce it yourself in your base.One thing that would be interesting to have is some resource deposits with different minerals/materials or at least varying quantity to have one more aspect in base location and resources.Recommended."
,Recommended,403190,18517733,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,saxcellent! 🍌,"Well worth $20. Easy and super fun to get into. If you're looking for a challenge and you're into city builder sims, give it a go.Don't forget the damn spares."
,Not Recommended,403190,18549185,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Have it your way,Frustrating.
76561198138433803,Not Recommended,403190,29184572,Posted: 11 January,all,imbatmanlol2014,this game is so annoying the AI are stupid....i have over 100 veggies and meat but the stupid meal maker will still only make basic meals although i have the correct stuff being made for a proper diet. the devs need to sort it out. very poorly done and little to no interaction with the devs regarding updates or AI tweaks. not worth the money.
76561198030768538,Not Recommended,403190,34906830,Posted: 12 September,all,Chesty,THis game is slow and while realilistic does not have any way to deal with issues with you people are dieing you just watch the world burn
76561197960345619,Not Recommended,403190,34918313,Posted: 13 September,all,Aider,"I don't understand. Am I missing something? The graphics are nice. The game play is nice. But the AI? I keep building vital buildings to keep my colonists alive but... they never build them. Twice now I've had everyone starve to death while all the resources are sitting around the processing plant waiting for it to build. How do you force someone to build something? How to you repair robots? Half the time, they break down and sit there until all my colonists die.It's frustrating and I don't know how to get them to do things. To build things they need to survive.."
,Not Recommended,403190,34987194,Posted: 15 September,all,Mazian,Low replayability and poor colonist AI makes Planetbase an unforgiving natural disaster.
76561198155356463,Not Recommended,403190,35025322,Posted: 17 September,all,Mookman01,Fun game but the people in the base do not do thier jobs and then they die because they didnt work
76561197982605608,Not Recommended,403190,25504855,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,Snidely Whiplash,"I bought this game a few days ago.  It seemed pretty fun, and it was...for the first few days.DO NOT BUY THIS GAME.  Save yourself a headache and heartache and invest your money into a better game with greater reviews.Pros:  Initially fun to play.Start a new colony on a Mars-like planet.  Make them ""habs"" for them to sleep, eat, work, get drunk in (serious, not a joke), and grow/make things.Reenact your inner Matt Damon ""the Martian"" RPG or fantasies.Cons:  All your colonists are stupid.  If you're low on food, have built a food machine and a booze machine, they'll divert your food into liquor.  Expect your colonists to die of starvation because they'd rather get drunk.All your colonists are lazy once they're depressed.  So, you've got a very self-sustaining colony and huge bumper-crops of food?  But your colonists are getting depressed?  Okay, go ahead and build that drinks dispenser.  What's that?  Your colonists are too damn depressed to work, and won't even build the drinks machine?  WHAT THE F*CK? (Worse still if your only engineerbot is permanently damaged and there's no one to do any work because your stupid, lazy, depressd colonists would rather roam the halls!)I built a very self-sustaining colony.  Had lots of food coming in.  Hadn't made habs for gym or bot factory but I had a manufacturer making ore into metal and plant starch into materials for whatever you needed.  My colonists started going ""yellow"" for depression so I build them a bar.  Figured that I had tons of food and could spare some for the drinks machine.  The bar built slowly because I was out of plant fiber materials but once the hab got done, I put in bar tables, a tv, water fountain, and booze dispenser.  The colonists built everything except booze dispenser and tv, just left the mats right where the greenish outline was.  Then I had a cascade of problems and it went downhill like crap.  My only engineerbot died, the colonists became too depressed (wouldn't even build the booze machine), my wind power and solar power became damaged by wear and tear, and I kept running out of power in all my rooms.  I wanted to f*cking punch my computer, I was so♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥  NOBODY WANTED TO WORK.F*ck this game!"
,Recommended,403190,18513110,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,VampireZIM,"This game is endless fun, LOVE IT!"
76561198102269115,Not Recommended,403190,22147926,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,MOGUL,"DONT BUY: Its broken and if youi read dev comments have very little commitment to taking it further. I took two days to get my teeth inot it and had a stable community growing. I needed spares and my factory ws ready to produce but people and bots just kept taking metal to planned buils instead of the factory which i did prioritize. Siome things are for forums but in this case and taking dev BOREDOM inot account, I would call it a bug and who needs to play a game that is difficult enough to be a serious challenge but ,then be defeated by a system that just doesnt work. AGAIN - dont buy - the graphics are interesting but frankly outside of some nifty crafting which is badly dveloped in terms of its time to produce, Banished is better!"
76561198209326441,Not Recommended,403190,33504580,Posted: 13 July,all,Timberwolf Froggylegs,This game is fun for 1 hour but then gets confusing and boring.
,Not Recommended,403190,32518840,Posted: 17 June,all,XpGamer1224,"I had actually been looking forward to playing this game for a long time, but unfortunately in it's current form I can't recommend it. The colonist AI is frustratingly unrealistic: the ability to prioritize is very limited in this game (you prioritze an entire structure and then have to disable individual equipment within it so that only certain equipment gets prioritized), and while you'd think that colonists (being human f'ing beings) would choose to eat *when there's food all over the place*, instead they incessantly mill about *even doing nothing at all* while they're hunger meter plummets. This game's AI is literally programmed for the colonists to *do nothing* rather than feed themselves. That of course has the consequence of potentially getting really far -- spending hours getting a base going -- only to have colonists drop like flies becasue they just decide to stop eating. I've checked everything that makes sense: there are plenty of places to eat (though they'll sleep on the floor if there's no free bed, but won't sit on the floor to eat apparently), there is food all over the place waiting to be picked up, but they just stand there or mill about doing nothing. /end_rantPros: graphics are OK, nice variety of buildings and colonist typesCons: AI is *horrible*; zero terrain variety (you're stuck on a mars-type planet seemingly forever until you somehow manage to thrive far enough to unlock the next planet type, which of course requires colonists to choose to eat rather than *literally allow themselves to starve to death while surrounded by food*); game speed has a max of 4X which still feels painfully slow; every time you start over, you have to sit and watch a pod of starter colonists land and disembark which is also painfully slow and can't be skipped; some equipment like beds and TVs can be very precisely located in rooms, while other equipment snaps to an invisible grid that doesn't always make sense (for instance, vending machines can only be very awkwardly positioned, and you're forced to place some of them in non-sensical arrangements); trade ships are ridiculously expensive to deal with (it seems random, but many times the markup is *65%*!!); did i mention the game is really slow even on its max speed setting?"
76561198031583435,Not Recommended,403190,20525384,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,PhantomX,"I bought this game after seeing Aaron (LSG) play it and thought this was a fun game, the first few moments were fun till the meteors, oh god the meteors.  On the first planet you will get a meteor a min, 2nd planet 3 a min, and heard horror stories in the forums about the 3rd.  Then came the AI, here's an example: Your colonists are sleepy, have constructed a dorm for them.  You have told them to build beds in said dorm, and the have the materials to do so.  You Colonist are like I'm too tired to do this and stop doing any tasks and die.  Same thing with food.  I had a storage room almost completely full of food, but they were too stupid to move food into meal makers and WAIT for food to come out and die.  Any dont get me started on low morale, the AIs completely shut down and do nothing.  And bad seeds, you have a pretty big map to build on, if you get a good seed.  I had one seed where I only had the top right section big enough for 5 structures.  There is potenial here, BUT not worth 16 bucks with the current amount of gameplay.  Currently hoping get the refund."
,Recommended,403190,20734101,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Stangman2010,
76561198032152576,Recommended,403190,23014861,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Pill Cosby,if this game was multiplayer it would be the best game ever.... this game is so damn hard on the 4th planet its not even funny. i cant stop playing it thouhg its tons of fun and blasts time away like  :P if they had some dlc and or expansions my money is flying out of my wallet to support this game. its that fun.
76561198026799270,Not Recommended,403190,33918688,Posted: 30 July,all,mlaake2001,Once you get to a certain size the challenge is over. Just gets boring very quickly...
76561198109181478,Not Recommended,403190,26743453,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,-=] Thunderine [=-,"Build a base period.if you prefer a more accurate reviewlook the paint dry this sums the game with no real achivs Frustration is what you will get the most of the time, Even if you have a base with 300 ppl inside running you wont have anything but stop keep running and start over on another planet.Some things are irritating since the very first start: example you cant skip the glorius landing and deployment of those idiots of your colony that hardly are able to accomplish some basical tasks like eat or drink.I would like in a base simulation the management of any single aspect, but hell no, if i queue a decorative plant or need a medical supply hell guess what the guy will make it first ?Very poor priority method, you cant build an apprpriate queue setting level of priority to a task; is urgent or not that is in game.And that paint does not dryyes you geuessed right this is the real gameplay wait and waityou look the game like an idiot and cant do nothing but stay there awaits MAYBE and FINALLY your bot do something.Intruders everywheredunno where they come from we have starship we have laser able to pulverize a meteor, but hell a dock with some security measure like a small airport with a scanner  no we cant...Trading is a gem reallyis NEVER on your favour every single trader makes you in the worst position to buy, im quite sure at this point mafia have overrun space trade that in matter of fact is not that far from actual situation but nvm.Looks like a SCAM to me, the game itself takes huge amount of time to make things run properly and when you have realized there s NOTHING but build a base with no real management finally you get the truth you basically have wasted your money and worst of allyour time to get your money back is gone."
76561198009903018,Recommended,403190,21913173,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Corwin86,"A good game, also updated quite often.In the current market, the best space colonization game available.Not perfect, but a good purchase."
,Recommended,403190,18528238,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,C-244 Shawn,"10/10 Really Good Game! But I think we need some 'worker' bots as in; Bots that can work the machines, maintain the plants, and security I really hope to see this in the game!"
76561198007468556,Recommended,403190,18547672,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,intothebadlands,"why do people expected a perfect game straight away  no game ever comes out  being 100% ,you play it then comment on the pros / cons and watch the game develop over time ,as long as it grows  then this be great game  its look great as long as the improvments are implamented right making the game bit harder more you play it then be a little gem .ps. the main issue i keep reading is not lot to do once things are  build .lets hope for few surprises by the developers to keep this aspect of the game becoming repetative."
,Recommended,403190,18632567,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,kcgeiss,Great survivial game! Unique in the way it presents challenges to the players. Can't wait for more updates to add more content to a great game.
,Recommended,403190,18544071,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,PainKnight,"My entire ♥♥♥♥ing colony died because my biologists couldn't be ♥♥♥♥ing bothered to harvest food.  They would work the government mandated 8 or however less many hours they ♥♥♥♥ing felt like, then spend the rest of the day dieing a slow, agonizing death.  Useless ♥♥♥♥♥.  They got what they deserved.Other then that♥♥♥♥♥♥this game is really fun."
,Recommended,403190,18559158,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Uxan Rokka,"Buys space colony building sim, plays 10 mins, everyone dies due to lack of oxygen. 11/10 would kill everyone of asphyxiation again."
,Recommended,403190,18560146,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Rassad,I like it. A few more months of development would be nice tho.
76561198039422557,Recommended,403190,18565731,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,HalfEatenSheep,Pro Tip: Massively overproduce food or everyone will stand around complaining until they die.
,Recommended,403190,18566673,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,your mom,Great game!a bit hard but enjoybale!
76561198085793251,Recommended,403190,18661129,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,greatbalin,"""Settlers"" in space!"
76561198015449505,Recommended,403190,28540708,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,rok_27,If you like base building survival management games then this game is for you
76561198038391671,Not Recommended,403190,31798590,Posted: 16 May,all,GSantos,"Gets stuck on startup with ""application not responding"" every time I run it, just bought it and cant play it, bummer.Hope this gets fixed, I didnt buy it for a refund."
,Not Recommended,403190,24100131,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,The meme guy,"OK, So, I know This Game Has A HUGE Fan-base And I Shoud'nt Be Writeing This Becouse It will be down voted But I will.this game is boring. Once you get a colony that can survive there isnt much else to do.and if you get EVERY SINGLE MILESTONE what do you do?"
,Recommended,403190,22593626,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Mongle,ED3 u sunk my batleship
76561198044470236,Recommended,403190,19856891,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Snowbird 3D,Nice to see a game made by two latin devs. Madruga Works = Early wakeup and get into labor or working. Good name for a company. Love the game and will be playing many more hrs. PS: I'm building a indie game also slowly my publisher name is Snowbird3d and game name is secrete for now.
,Recommended,403190,29232188,Posted: 13 January,all,noah_snow,this game is so fun
76561198008626202,Recommended,403190,32521698,Posted: 17 June,all,jwwillis3,387hrs later.....I STILL love this game. Best buy ever.
,Recommended,403190,18577868,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Elegant Caveman,"Get only if you're a huge fan of base-building sims and/or wait for a big sale.The core gameplay and mechanics are great fun, but the controls and UI are abysmal.Overall, recommended, but with a considerablecaveat emptorthrown in for good measure."
76561198029818396,Recommended,403190,20795511,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,GrenadesAndHamm,"Bad AI but still worth itEdited to thumbs up: After some consideration, the game is still worth it to me even with the bad AI.  I've found a few work arounds (for example, if a profession such as medic isn't working for no reason, hiring more will usually kick them into gear).  You shouldnt have to do constantly find a working around which it seems like I'm doing, but overall, the game is worth it to me.  Even for the fairly high price tag.Why I changed my mindFirst, I've found work arounds to fix AI issues.  Had I not, I would downvote the game.  But it's just too good even with the AI to give a thumbs down.  For an indie game, the graphics are very good.  The ambiance is spectacular.  Even the music and sound effects, while not at the level of a big time game, give a great feeling.  Asteroids hitting all around you and off in the distance should become boring, but they aren't.  They serve as a constant reminder of not if, but when.The depth of the game is impressive.  I've started quite a few games only because I've reached some conclusion (sometimes including frustrating AI decisions) that make me want to start over and give it another shot.  Trying to be a bit better each time.  And sometimes failing miserably.The learning curve is steep.  Much of the issues regarding AI could be fixed by having some clue as to why something is happening (or not happening).  Some developer choices are strange such as the decision to include every one of your inventory for items, and not what's available.I'll leave the previous negative points because they still apply, but for me, it's worth itBeware....this game is not Early Access, but it certainly plays like it is!First, the developer (skip to the bottom to read the response) and the community are quick to point out that it's YOUR fault, not the awful AI.  My response would be that many, many times the awful AI problems happen, you're fully aware that they are.  The game is zipping right along until the AI decides it's not going to do what it has in the past.  You wiill have good morale, enough supplies, the proper prioritization (which is part of the awful AI as workers will work themselves to death in the biodome without taking a break to eat or drink), and the game will have done it all game...then suddenly stop.I almost didin't buy this game because I went to the discussion board...and itseemedlike people complaining about bad AI were just not playing the game correctly.Unfortunately, they were right.You'll find many defenders of the game claiming the AI works perfectly, you just have to know how to play.  For my first 10 or so trys to start a game, I believed them.  As I played, I would go back to the discussion board and search for or ask a question myself.  As I searched, I found many ""work arounds"" to deal with the AI.  Many given by helpful players that truly like the game.Example of bad AIHere's an example.  Your people will die of thirst.  That is expected.  You have very little time to do everything in your first day (setup base, power, cantina for people to drink water, etc), that you're rushing to complete your goarls.Nothing wrong so far....The first day goes by quickly. If you dont have a proper power supply set up (solar, power supply and wind), you're going to die.  So, I set up my base, making a cantina after making the oxygen enterance. Inside the cantina, I placed the water fountain first, then food maker, then table then TV.  As I'm trying to sort out the power for the night time because my power is dwindling fast, my people die.  Why?  Because the AI (and you cant control how they set it up or, apparently, the order) decided to build the TV and table first, brought the supplies for the water fountain and table, and that's it.Added after developer comment:  You need to first build a solar power (for whatever reason, you have to build that first) before you can build wind.  That goes up right away.  I also built a water collector and a wind mill.  These went up pretty fast.  I then built the cantina with the fountain, table, meal maker and TV.  After doing that (and in the Let's Plays, that's what everyone else does as well, by the way because people die of thirst so fast, and they build all the thing in the cantina, not just the water fountain), I started working on the power container thing for it's placement.  I've started quite a few colonies.  This is typical.  Whether it's a bug or just bad programming, the AI just stops building for whatever reason.That's just one example of how I died and rolled my eyes after.Unbalnced game playThe game is unbalanced, too.  There are plenty of topics that complain that the botanists (who you need to run your biodome and produce food) do an awful job.  Three (out of eight people at one point) couldn't handle keeping up with food supplies.  No idea why.Out of the seven people you start with, you have an engineer and medic (which basically does nothing for the first part of the game), a couple botanists and a few workers.   You need to set up a mine, produce metal and bioplastic.  Your botanists don't work efficiently.  Your workers can't handle both being in the mine and making necessary items.Look up some topics on the board, botatnists, metal, etc, before you buyIf you dont believe that the AI is bad, look up some discussions about certain aspects of the game, and decide whether you think that is ""people not playing the game right"" or the AI not being solid.Google some let's play videos.  Hillariously, I watced a Lets Play tutorial where the guy died in the first couple minutes, restarted and kept going....willl you die, of course.  Will it be your fault?  Much of the time.  Will you be frustrated after playing the game 5-10 hours and you die because of bad AI or poor game balancing?  You betcha!This game is a mess.  Just a mess.But, if you want to be frustrated and micromange...if you the ""strategy"" of hoping whether the AI doesn't kill you....than this game is for you.Response to the developer:Please be at least intellectually honest with your feedback.  I clearly said that I built the water fountain first.  The AI decied to build other things in a different order and then not build the water fountain for whatever reason, although it brought supplies to it.  Choosing water first should (and if it doesn't, that's a problem with the game, NOT the user) prioritize that to be built first.  The fact that I continued the game thinking the AI would be at least build it last (let alone, at all) is NOT MY FAULT.In other games, because of the awful AI, I had to build one thing at a time to make sure it was built.  And CLEARLY that shouldnt be the intention of the game.  In some cases, for absolutely no reason, nothing was built.  I just ended the last game in frustration because the AI has chosen not to upkeep power sources although 1) they had been all game, 2) there is no other priority 3) the AI is idle and 4) there are plenty of supplies.  I restarted from an earlier save twice to try to get the AI to do what it was supposed to and it has not.  It's one of two things.  It's 1) poorly programmed AI or 2) it's lack of direction from the game.  Nothing has changed in game, the game AI now behaves differently, so those are the only two choiices."
,Not Recommended,403190,20271288,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Gem in Eye,"I bought it, played one day of it, and am already wanting a refund. The AI is idiotic. I figured out it's not my kinda game. The devs actually assume the AI's idiosy is a UI flaw. I'm sick of it already, and want my money back."
,Recommended,403190,18527423,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Kameleon,"Excellnt game, ive been glued to it since it got released done most of the milestones on the first planet and now just working on the second. I feel there should be events in the game though such as like first contact with another species maybe?But overall the game is really good and i will enjoy hours of gameplay, the graphics and scenery are something you can really enjoy and look at for hours.I will certainly be beinging on this game in weeks to come."
76561198147810584,Recommended,403190,23843169,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,[LUX] mauriceanderson1939,love this game alot !!!!!!
76561198030996083,Recommended,403190,18496169,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,Ashen,"Really enjoying it so far - but please dev, add 'rotate buildings/objects' buttons - its like a fundamental requirement of a base builder.Gotta be able to control dem aesthetics.Edit: I take it back - once you make the connections between buildings, they will auto-orientate... takes some getting used to.Great game - many colonists have died attempting to sufficiently get off the ground however :)"
76561198029856711,Not Recommended,403190,26462349,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Mitth'raw'nuruodo,A management sim without active pause.0 / 10.Please research your target audience before you develop videogames.
76561198028551675,Recommended,403190,18499682,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Jesse,"ok.so if you want banished in space pick this game up. I have to say that so far i enjoy it and plan to play it for a while.Pros:It has multiple levels. Mars for beginers and 2 other planets for harder dificulty.Good tutorial.Complete controle over the collony.Good UI.Good AIGood graphics.Good performance over all.Has everything you want in a game like this.Its hard to beat. It will take you a few tries before you can run your own place.(weather this is a pro or not is up to you) it takes a very easy approach to playing it with its UI. it gives you minimal information but just enough to run things.Cons:no campain. or multiplayer.Once your people become sad or unhappy, it is extreamly dificult for them to go back to doing thier job. You think in space, doing your job such as growing food might be a higher priority then standing around because your sad or a little hungry or whatever. (yes... if they are hungry they will refuse to make more food because they are to hungy to work. lol)Options menu is extreamly limited. i think you have 5 options you can change.Workers dont seem to do what they need to do most. when you need more of a material then an another, there is no way to prioritze things or controle wich worker does what. you kind of just have to keep them happy and hope they do what they are supposed to. For example you might have 2 medics but they caint seem to decide if they should make medicen or heal people, and they bounce back and forth not doing much of either or. it is the same with alot of the diffent types of workers. they dont know what they should be doing and what they should not be doing. The game kind of evenly distibutes the workers amung rescources.There is not much depth to the game. its about expanding your base untill you reach the milestones to unlock a differnt planet. thats all there is to these games. Why i wish they would put caimpains in them.I hope they update and expand the game, but for its price, you will get your money's worth.Its a fun game and i wish there were more like this.Other then that i have found no issues with the game. It seems pretty solid and it is mainly about getting the mechanics down and planing ahead to ace the game."
,Recommended,403190,18503741,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Nomz.LUL,Everyone died because I switched off the solar panel in the night and forgot to turn it back on at the break of dawn. 10/10 will asphyxiate again
76561198098287156,Recommended,403190,18502494,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Dor,"If you love base building games such as Startopia, Evil Genius, and Dungeon Keeper."
76561198262653494,Not Recommended,403190,23492274,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,PeacwfulCow77,It sucks its only fun when every thing is new to you
76561198036356528,Not Recommended,403190,23108774,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,superonehundred,"Ok, first off this game is awesome.  but it did not need to be made easier.  who cares if its hard, thats why i crack out on it"
76561198083496257,Not Recommended,403190,23139162,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Professor Plum,"This review is from playing only one hour, so take it with a grain of salt.Why I bailed so quickly...1) I didn't like the UI menus, and found them poorly designed. Too many enbedded sub menus for my liking.2) In a micro-management game, I want the stats to always be on screen and mangement options to be fast and friendly. This game didn't allow that, but had me toggle between menus to see stats in various menus for a update look - again poor UI and a click-fest. During my play time, the power went out a few time, yet I didn't see any indicator that would have warned me to this situation.Overall, cute game, but couldn't see playing for hours and hours with that clicky menu design."
76561198039040694,Recommended,403190,18503286,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,kreia,wow just wow 100 times better than rimworld and banished
,Not Recommended,403190,20043072,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Dr. Dingo,"Unlike the majority of the game, Steam's refund feature worked great."
76561197964833581,Not Recommended,403190,26066236,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,|§| <subTxT>,"It kind of seem like a good idea. You land on a forign planet, and you have to make a living.This game is to simple, hardly challenging and imo glitchy"
76561198037108662,Recommended,403190,22111650,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,13,fun
76561198114486074,Not Recommended,403190,23819167,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,IXian_probe,Dreadfully booring. Not a recommended game.
,Recommended,403190,18591524,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Fiction,"Colonists go to sleep in the bunk, bunk gets hit by a meteor, 12 dead."
,Recommended,403190,18590451,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Dyonnard,Great game! No Problems here! AI does get tricky but that makes the game more challanging and FUN!
76561198171388381,Recommended,403190,33441790,Posted: 10 July,all,spielerinchen,"unfortunately once again a game which doesn't support a Wacom Pen so i am forced to use a mouse, resulting in very strenous navigationfor now i give it thumbs up, the game seems so far ok but i didn't play much because of this limitation"
76561198105226719,Not Recommended,403190,23614446,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,theeverquesting,"A fun game that could have been great but, as is, it's a fundamentally broken game from novice coders"
,Not Recommended,403190,26190712,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,ThirtyTech,All the AIs do is stand around. Youd think when youve ran out of parts to keep your colony running you'd stop standing in the hallway and go to the factory which has work prioritised in and make spare ♥♥♥♥ing parts to keep your power grid up.
76561197981105623,Not Recommended,403190,19282612,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,herb1347,"good game, but that's it. i might of got a weekend of game play out of it."
,Recommended,403190,26718901,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Bormotoon,Good one.
76561198032067926,Not Recommended,403190,21982217,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Corvus,lack of content... very basic style
,Not Recommended,403190,32209672,Posted: 5 June,all,ericmcards04,"Very boring, and maybe a 5 or 10 dollar game, not 20."
76561198031254429,Not Recommended,403190,20935057,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Olafr_the_Viking,"Too little content. Early game is quite fun, but midgame is pretty thin and there is no late/end game. A waste of money.Conclusion: 5 out of 10.Olafr blogs about modding and gaming:http://gamersparadiseolafr.tumblr.com/Follow Olafr the Viking Steam Curator for reviews of STRATEGY - RPG - SURVIVAL games:http://store.steampowered.com/curator/25341025-Olafr-the-Viking/Learn more about the Olafr Rating System (1 to 10):http://gamersparadiseolafr.tumblr.com/post/152254235900/olafr-the-viking-rating-system-1-to-10-olafrCompare this game’s rating to other games in the Olafr Rating History:http://gamersparadiseolafr.tumblr.com/post/152254318505/olafr-the-viking-rating-history-olafr-the"
76561198035129549,Not Recommended,403190,34927193,Posted: 13 September,all,EASY D,"Once you get through the tutorial, there's not much else to see. Very repetitive. Why isn't the lander incorporated into the base?"
,Not Recommended,403190,35038043,Posted: 17 September,all,StarRaidz,This is the worst space timed based came I have EVER played on steam. This had the potential to be an amazing game. The first couple mins I enjoyed but the overall physics of the game are horrible. There is an issue right? I put more plants to fix the starvation. Instead of putting the resources to build the plants in the PLANT AREA so the workers can build it. They put it in a ♥♥♥♥ing machine??? I even clicked the little arrow to make it a priority!! Also the fact when they get hungry they stop working is stupid. They are in space if your hungry work to fix that problem. People when there starving don't just stop in there tracks and just die. They try there best to fix the fact there starving. Overall a nice game just really really really ♥♥♥♥♥♥ physics. Oh and not to mention the fact before the end of the day they need to eat. Like jesus christ... Multiplayer would be nice if possible as well.
76561198035765933,Not Recommended,403190,29173239,Posted: 10 January,all,Burgeonite,"More lag and bugs than it's worth!My system has more than the reccomended requirements and this game simply is too lag ridden to be an actual game worth its salt. Even when I did manage to ""play"" placement bugs prevented me from enjoying any of the games content.Have an awesome supercomputer or stay away."
76561198088629746,Not Recommended,403190,29127809,Posted: 8 January,all,jbuck406,"Can not customize planets - only one resonably tame planet to play on. Looks like ""Mars""The Game designer will not allow you to build a base without killing off all your people.The game scenario is aggresive and hostile to you the player."
76561198054036722,Not Recommended,403190,24243716,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Nephi21,No end goal.  No techtree.  It just feels like a bare bones game.   Fun for 10 hours or so.
76561198027764623,Recommended,403190,18503366,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Spectre v13,"If you like Losing Is Fun games like Dwarf Fortress, Banished, Rimworld, Gnomoria etc then this is a fantastic game for you to pick up. If you're into more laid back city builders such as Cities Skylines then you may not enjoy the nature of this game. So what do you do? You are given a few colonists to... I'm sure you guessed it, colonise planets, the first planet being basically Mars. This isa  survival management game at it's finest, you are always in a precarious position and you never quite feel as though you can sit back and relax.The easiest comparison to this game is Banished. yes, it's basically Banished in space but oh so much more. Like in Banished you need to strike a balance between all your different industries whilst maintaining an ever growing population of colonists. New colonists arrive in shuttles and the good thing is you can turn colony arrivals on and off to help control the population. There's technology upgrades to constantly give yourself a goal to work towards, ever making your colony bigger, better and more efficient.The only negatives I've come across so far is that you cannoy rebind keys, which isn't a huge problem because there's not mnuch in the way of shortcuts but I do like to be able to pause the game with the space bar when a disaster hits. Also I've had the odd colonist trap himself behind things whilst building and the colonists sometimes prioritise certain tasks oddly such as going to work instad of getting a much needed drink.Overall this just skims the surface of what this game has to offer, it's an excellet survival management game and very fairly priced. It's an instant buy if you like these kinds of games and if you're new to the genre I suggest watching some youtube videos to see if this is your thing."
,Recommended,403190,18511353,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,ɢαмвιт,I couldn`t treat my medic because I only had one medic )) GG.
76561198069338198,Not Recommended,403190,23347026,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,DerginMaster,"Terrible, i do not reccomendbefore i begin id like to state that i thoroughly enjoy rts and base builders, and clocking in over 600 hours between starcraft 2, command and conquer, and age of empires series so i can easily say rts is my most played category of game.pros-unique game in a changing environtmentrng environtment every time you play-practical gui for base sub buildingeasy to navigate, and explains structure usescons-terrible ai, just god awfullsimply put the dumbest, faultiest AI i have seen in any game. I've played games where the ai killed them selves as they started construction on non critical strucures before connecting water scources to produce 02. this means that they can only work one task at a time, wich is gives you almost a 50% chance to fail right off the bat as you are pressed for time, cant set up more than 3things at once and need at least 6 structures before night fall to live. its worth noting that if you dont make a storgae before at minimum ingame noon and have the means to charge it, you will fail.-unable to macrothe game at its core is a survival, rts with economic elements, so it would stand to reason to give the player macro elements to better manage a large scale base. these however are not present untill aproximantly your 15th to 20th building providing you build to survive [counting outside structures] and these macros are simply 1-work normal 2-stay inside 3-no work and stay inside [3rd used only when a shooter infiltrates]. on top of this you have no control over which structure is built first. you may put it on a higher priority but the ai chooses to ignore this.-unable to microthere are several types of units in game ranging from medics, to biologists, workers and engineers (additional units/bots are used later), all of wiich are used for unique tasks. you start with several workers, and after the 1st night or so you will need to become self sustaining so you will need a working mine and production center. for the mine you may have up to 3 workers to mine ore, then workers send the ore to processing where additional workers will process it. in most rts or even base builders alone, you would be able to set workers to tasks or production areas (ie mine metals, or work feilds) but this base has no way to instruct workers to any task. you may put a room on a high priority but the workers will ignore it just the same. My last game befor this reveiw i had gona about 3 hours in, i set high piority to a production room only to have it fill with litterally 24 peices of ore, then to fail because we ran out of metal need to make a water collector. workers just walked right past, and went to a tv in the cafeteria while at full happiness and i lost 42 settlers due to dehydration.-no tech/upgrade systemself explanitory that a survival game should have aspects to extend longevity.  planet base has none of this. the only upgrades you can get are larger sized rooms of what you already own, and there are not even enough pattents off said rooms to cover all the roomss you can makeive seen several reviews and nothing has changed in terms of ai or queues. the team has fixed several bugs, such as one that caused 70% of workers injury in mines instantly, but i dont expect these issues to be resolved as these are not bugs. these are the way the game is designed. As it stands, do not buy this game untill (if) this game is overhauled. great idea, but poor execution"
,Recommended,403190,18504653,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,SIERRA MY FOXTROT DELTA,Needs a little inprovement but over all is a good game. graphics are still outstanding even on low.
76561197971403255,Recommended,403190,18504421,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Kapitan,"There are times where i feel like putting holes in tanks with high powered weaponry , times where i feel like mowing down massed ranks of infantry ...... Then there are times i feel the need to be creative , to manage and build....  My sweet lord above does this game scratch that itch !  Simple yet complex , relaxing yet stressful.... Polished like an Oscar , slick and presented with clear yet functional UI. Not a bug to been seen. Great price and addictive gameplay. Tutorial covers everything you need to know. The ability to pick the exact location of your drop to the planet is another one of many nice little features that just make this game a solid gem.If you like space , you like building and making sure your little underlings don't perish on a god forsaken planet , This is the game for you my friend.10/10 - would run the base into the ground again !"
76561198132260146,Not Recommended,403190,18558125,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,owlthatwhos,black screen cant even play the game
,Not Recommended,403190,29249261,Posted: 14 January,all,LoadBareX,"Don't buy this game because as soon as you get a good colony up and running, the game suddenly decides that it wont build anything new anymore and before long your people will either die from starvation, on oxygen, no water or no sleep. I will say it again DONT BUY THIS GAME, if you have I strongly recommend you get a refund!"
,Not Recommended,403190,28393354,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Marinnos,The camera mechanics are terrible.
76561198151009826,Recommended,403190,18509861,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Insp. 1F01 Ranger,"A Very good planet simulator building game with a lot of adventures and a lot of functions to choose from. I would rate it 7 out of 10 due to the fact it is still in early development and there are some minor issues.I'll be posting more videos of ""Planetbase"" onhttps://www.youtube.com/channel/UCmZgMoThj_Ao29s-xu51vCQ"
76561197972234707,Recommended,403190,34869684,Posted: 10 September,all,Axe,very good game
76561198322069871,Recommended,403190,34849646,Posted: 9 September,all,nicb153,its fun
76561198034688794,Not Recommended,403190,33417598,Posted: 9 July,all,Toolmaker1,"Sucks, and that's all I have to say about that"
,Not Recommended,403190,22648172,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,MR.UltraNationalist,it was so boring they died of starvation even doe they had a lot of food
,Recommended,403190,18498396,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Mantis,"A difficult, but fun ""city builder"" type game. Reminds me of Banished but a bit harder. Very well made."
,Recommended,403190,18502064,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Nox,"Awsome Game , I Got Sand Blasted Then Solar Flared Then Had A Space Rock Smash 9 Of My Guys As They Slept.12/10 Will Die Again."
76561197983053566,Not Recommended,403190,25700121,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,DDCT.VespaCiao,Not very engaging
76561198140196066,Not Recommended,403190,34928665,Posted: 13 September,all,codyhill9,near impossible due to the lack of medical product production
76561198139800411,Not Recommended,403190,34736798,Posted: 4 September,all,Bossman 795,This game sucks. I try to get food but then no ships come and everyone dies. DO NOT BUY
76561198009023515,Not Recommended,403190,31032266,Posted: 8 April,all,jason_tift,"this game sucks no matter how you try to work it, you always get out numbered by stupid♥♥♥♥♥intruders. Cuz no one but security can even think of defending themselves!"
76561198035048202,Not Recommended,403190,35024894,Posted: 17 September,all,HunterXXI,"How do they make such a good game to be♥♥♥♥♥♥well here it is makes it nice fun easy to work out BUT this will lead you to a false sense of security it's brutal even on the first level think ur doing well think again it'll catch you out moment ur safe wheather it's food ,water ,power ,o2 , or slow structure decay or no colonyists ever!!!! u sit waiting forever an nothing comes   an all the while you never get resorces fast enough to build to stop ur colony dying!!!"
76561198244282134,Not Recommended,403190,24451928,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,hollandhunter5,Game won't open at all! PLEASE HELP!!!
,Not Recommended,403190,23458841,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Kalamity Kate,"Another incomplete game with major bugs. It's not possible to assign individual people to specific tasks, which means it's a random crapshoot whether anything gets done. I certainly have PLENTY of the raw materials, but the little people won't process them. Setting rooms to high priority does nothing. I can't expand my base anymore nor can I build additional robots because the little workers simply won't do their jobs.How infuriating. I would not recommend buying the game in its current state."
76561198088603222,Not Recommended,403190,25386509,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,HeemannGeesus,"i started playing this game and really enjoyed it..until i realised an hour and a half in that i didnt build something i should have built within the first ten minutes,thus consigning me to an hour and twenty minutes of complete futilitY,wating my time as my colonists died off and leaving me scratching my head as to why they died..doing the tutorial is really worth it (it stopped working for me in the early stages)but the fact the game never told me my game was ruined REALLY♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off!"
76561197988820690,Not Recommended,403190,22034366,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Kerackles,"DON'T BUY!  There  support is extremely lacking. If your have any tech problem that you can't resolve yourself with there game there tech support will drag it out past Steams 14 day  / 2 hour game time refund policy. From what little, I have been able to play the game is  mediocre at best for 20 bucks. Save your self the grief and get something else.  I tried getting a refund from Steam explaining the circumstances with  there tech support and trying to getting the game to work and they kept saying it was over there 2 hour refund policy. It was a waist of 20 bucks and bigger waist of 16 hours of my time."
76561198102005147,Recommended,403190,18498773,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,pandaCAT,Great work devs keep it up
,Not Recommended,403190,23756697,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,OOFnSPOOF,"It's fun for about the first half an hour, fun isn't even really a word to describe it, tedious even. Once you've made all the buildings, it isnt really fun anymore because there's nothing else to acheive. Atleast the game is playable and works I geuss, no major bugs. 4/10"
76561197992318328,Not Recommended,403190,18895141,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,..,stupid
,Not Recommended,403190,28431910,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,hammer9,this is a buggy piece of garbage. you can't even get through one game without a game breaking bug.
76561197990786078,Not Recommended,403190,21590871,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,BARBOSSA,"DONT WASTE YOUR MONEY. I LOVE BANISHED. THIS TAKES TOOOOO LONG TO PLAY. AS I WORK FULLTIME DOES ANYONE KNOW OF A GAME LIKE THIS, BUT IS FASTER TO GET RESULTS, THIS GAME TAKES TOOOOOOO LONG HELLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLPPPPPPPPPPPP"
76561198162273111,Not Recommended,403190,24140263,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,energyisaac,they sould reaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaallllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy add a planet maker mode!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Not Recommended,403190,22003848,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,German Turtle ;P,"UPGRADE THE DAMN FUDGING AI THEY ARE SO SO SO SO SO F%@&#$G STUPID!!!!!!! when I set all of my food creating domes to the highest priority, THEY ALL STOP WORKING ON THEM, when I put priority on one building, THEY DELIVER RESOURCES TO THE CONSTRUCTION SITE OF ANOTHER ONE, when I put priority on medical supplies, THE MEDICS WALK AROUND / STAND AROUND DOING NOTHING!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! and every F$#@%&G TIME MY PEOPLE START DIEING DUE TO STARVATION, ITS THE PEOPLE THAT GROW FOOD THAT DIE FIRST, LEAVING THE REST OF MY POPULATION TO DIE AS WELL!!!!!!!! THE GAMES CHARACTERS ARE SUICIDAL MORONS AND THE DEVS NEED TO, NO, FRIGGEN HAVE TO FIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIX IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIT... F$%K"
,Not Recommended,403190,25004044,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,JediJakob,Game is fun but there isnt enough to do i got really bored after like 5 minutes
76561198088427022,Not Recommended,403190,35044967,Posted: 18 September,all,adnanbilgen,You can not pause the game.
76561198029432529,Recommended,403190,18500332,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,GB88,Awesome game!!! Definitely BUY material.
,Recommended,403190,18496517,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,LEG Moderator (Bigs),"Im a advid gamer and barely any games these days present any challenge, but after a good few hours of playing this game, I kept having to restart and retry. This game presents a challenge, so if you a a 9 year old little kid with no patience, DONT buy this game. BUT if your a huge RTS fan llike me and love challenges, then YES, GET THE DAM GAME AND STOP DEBATING IF YOU SHOULD OR SHOULDNT!!!"
,Not Recommended,403190,22829963,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Soundslave,Very repetative
76561198030853973,Not Recommended,403190,25590165,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Island Ed,Like banished it leaves you wanting more...
76561198153261944,Not Recommended,403190,25581121,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Prestochangeo10,"I enjoyed playing the game, at first. Then my colonys constantly die and I have to start over, which is no fun. A ""Creative Mode"", or something along those lines would be nice."
76561198217704077,Not Recommended,403190,24806851,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,ShadowKnight,i just didn't enjoy game especialy because of the price.i got aproximately 1 - .5 hours worth of game play.
76561198131981412,Not Recommended,403190,20926181,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Mr Motionblur,bad game
76561198079202448,Not Recommended,403190,19256144,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,DOOM 706,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥T. YOU HAVE TO BE ♥♥♥♥ING COMFORTABLE TO DO SOME ♥♥♥♥ING WORK TO KEEP YOURSELF ALIVE?????!!!!!!!!!!HALF THE ♥♥♥♥ING TIME MY ♥♥♥♥ING COLONISTS ARE ♥♥♥♥ING IDLING WHEN THERE IS WORK TO BE DONE TAHT WILL KEEP THEM ALIVE!!1
,Not Recommended,403190,22137628,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,biologicalExecutioner,"cant seem to get it to work on my computer sadly, my computer is extremely old though"
,Not Recommended,403190,25315031,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,itawtitawapudytat,"This game...  Wow, I don't even know what to say.  Some people seem to love it.  I've played about 30 ""games"" of it, and every single time, no new biologists land.  Now, for those who've never played, biologists are the only types of colonists who will produce food.There's a little settings window to have 'target percentages of colonists' in the game.  One game, I tested it out.  Set the target to 100% biologists.  I got one.  Out of a total of 30 colonists before everyone starved to death.Don't bother with this garbage."
76561198083620581,Not Recommended,403190,34926599,Posted: 13 September,all,CarbonSpy,not enjoyable
76561198075986464,Not Recommended,403190,34973657,Posted: 15 September,all,Antallion,The whole game in one word: boring.
76561198102683096,Not Recommended,403190,19486334,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Tanker,DO NOT BUY IT!!!Have a look on the forums and see for your self. Better yet read this.http://steamcommunity.com/app/403190/discussions/0/48562340694688806The game isn't done but they think it is. DO NOT BUY IT!!!
76561198063495659,Not Recommended,403190,28496398,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,drejohns,glitchy
76561198032074455,Not Recommended,403190,24036813,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Skindagger,This game is a worthless piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥ you.
76561198098694837,Not Recommended,403190,26539321,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,betiabryan,"when I try to play it, it opens a black screen and stays like that... idk if its my MACPro but yeah :/"
76561198234149068,Not Recommended,403190,24331021,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Shorty #FuckingDone,did not like the graphics
,Recommended,403190,18589663,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Eric Cartman,"Just here for the Thumbs Up! Great game, though needs some tweaking & patching. Don't let that dissuade you from buying it though!"
76561198118552880,Not Recommended,403190,31367920,Posted: 25 April,all,UNCLE GUBSY,NO ayylmao's (aliens)
,Not Recommended,403190,23380356,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,RMAC-97,can i get a refund on this♥♥♥♥♥
76561197999371879,Not Recommended,403190,29237513,Posted: 13 January,all,Raidersc,"looks like a pretty fun game, couldn't get it to load."
76561198169234775,Not Recommended,403190,22808118,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,gallometsa,"Sorry Steam 6th game in a row, is total disapointment, add gameplays not cartoons.any Facebook game for free, is better than this one!"
76561198032696891,Not Recommended,403190,24244696,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Cheeky Dude,Planetbase is totally sh*t - it is the suckiest game on the face of the planet.
76561197993817699,Recommended,403190,30402702,Posted: 8 March,all,Kai Shan,"This is a fun planet colonisation game. It is not too involved, a game lasts an hour or so before you have done everything you need to do and start to get bored."
76561198188233973,Recommended,403190,30412204,Posted: 9 March,all,Farting banana,its fun and chalenging
76561198217641413,Recommended,403190,30416775,Posted: 9 March,all,Moist Krampus,"I throughly enjoyed this game. It has been polished in the year i have been playing it and it has had most of its bugs squashed. Though slow and tedious at first the game gets interesting as you go on, because as you create automation you have more time to build and can worry a bit less about micromanaging. I love the randomness of certain events making it so that you can't just walk away from your computer. A few recomendations of mine: add maybe 1-2 more planets, a few more robot types to perform taskes like farm or operate procesors, a high tier patent purchase required building that builds a rocket that you can order to trade or recruite more people instantly. I think this game is great, 7/10 game."
76561198314579715,Recommended,403190,30418490,Posted: 9 March,all,joemcgowen45,"This is a good game. Really get's you thinking, to some it could be boring but for a management game this is one of the good ones. Although I think the moon of the gas giant has unique challenges since it's the only planet where you got to be able to pull your colonists in from time to time due to solar flares. If you don't like management games then don't buy or if you don't like strategy games. Now if you do like strategy games with a relaxed gaming experience to where you can sit back and relax as you guide your colonists through famine and well meteor strikes, attackers, blizzards, lightening storms, and also keeping your colonists happy by building bars, gyms, TV's. It's very detailed even down to how big everything is first starting out. If you go for a hard world this is even more critical. It's addicting in it's own way. I got some time invested. So if you excuse I must tend to my ice planet colony. It's a simple game yet it's hard to master, it can be addicting."
76561198291293802,Recommended,403190,29551647,Posted: 28 January,all,Djsilver,If you like a building game like sc4 cities skylines and other games like that you will enjoy this one it a easy one to play but can take time to master.
,Recommended,403190,18877814,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,hyena_butts,"OK. So this might be a little long.The game itself is concept/execution/graphics are all on point. I really do with all my heart ADORE this game. It really gives a different feel and twist on space simulations and survival. I've never had the game clitch out or lag on me (I have a sh*tty computer and I oftentimes need to cut things down to the minimum). The AI for colonists/robots is on point- until something goes wrong in game. But I'm guessing they're programed to do that. I mean in bad situations many people freak out rather then do their job.Now let me get down to the bad/what has agitated me about this game. First off there is little to no settings when it comes to how the game played (i.e. no creative mode, no 'easy' mode). It just throws you in a relatively difficult game and lets you die a bunch of times :'D. While this isn't inherently bad it's just one of the things that personally bothered me as sometimes I just really wanna sit around and build stuff without worrying about longevity. NEXT, you have little to no control over the colonists. An inibility to prioritize projects (which REALLY becomes stressful when you're low on resources and you really need a certain structure built). I would really like the ability to at least minimal control of colonitists and to be able to prioritize projects.I also saw that there is no workshop for this game and I personally would love to see some mods as I feel like creators could go NUTS with this game.End story, I really really love this game but there are some things that just really need to be adjusted/worked on."
76561198087185847,Recommended,403190,18880459,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,jwnorton,"Fantastic game! Great building game, hard to totally grasp, since metor impacts and sunspots (also stopped in current version) limit you and your colonists, along with other factors.Getting the basics first, then building for the middle game, and finally trading\visitors using your colony and paying you for it is the reward. Its not totally easy - making choices, managing resources (power, plastics, metal, power storage, water, ect), bringing in colonists (gets harder in later games, as they are armed intruders...).Great purchace, pretty good game, and can be challenging. Only thing missing is mod support, but the game is still young."
,Recommended,403190,18874922,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,=EVO= Craigst,few bugs and pathing issues causeing suffacationvery adictive
76561198000768363,Recommended,403190,18883540,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,TalonMordecai,"After logging almost 30 hours, and maxing out the achievements on the first planet, I felt I could offer some insight into the game.Pros:The first world was challenging enough to require strategy, which I appreciate. You can't just go crazy with your construction and expect your colony to survive.The level of complexity is appropriate for a casual gamer. This isn't CIV 5 or any of those other massive world building games, so don't expect it to be.Base design is important, particularly considering your connections can be damaged by asteroids. This requires you to plan out your base using the finite amount of space you have to build.Cons:The AI still needs work. I've watched people in my colony die of hunger while standing IN the canteen with food readily available in the dispenser. You have absolutely no control over individual people, so you can't correct this strange behavior for them. You just have to give them the outlets they need and hope they eventually take advantage of them.Power-Outages seem unusually devastating to a base, particularly if they're very short. Despite having huge surpluses of food and plenty of water in reserve, one 3 minute power outage suddenly makes EVERYONE both hungry and thirsty, and the mad rush that ensues once the lights come back on can easily kill 10 - 20% of your colonists. I had to watch several times as a brief outage killed almost a quarter of my population, despite the fact that they were perfectly fine only moments ago.There's a frustrating logic to how the buildings can be connected to each other. Sometimes you think the building should fit, but it won't. If you aren't careful, you can use up all of your free space and not have enough room.Finally, the relative simplicity of the building structures limits gameplay pretty significantly once you get everything up and running. Sure you need to get bigger in order to hit the achievements, but that just means building bigger versions of the same buildings. The next two worlds offer unique challenges in the form of different natural disasters, or crippling how you generate power, but offers no change in the fundamentals of gameplay. You simply do exactly the same thing, they just make it more difficult to do.Overall I give it a thumbs up. My rule is if I get an hour of gameplay for every dollar I spend, the game was worth it. I clearly enjoyed the game enough for it to hit this benchmark, so it gets my stamp of approval. Just don't go into it thinking it's more than it is, or you'll be disappointed."
76561198062342663,Recommended,403190,18883732,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Pessimus Prime,A good game to♥♥♥♥♥♥yourself off with.
76561197993819996,Recommended,403190,18879595,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,munaoc,"This is a great gather resource and expand game. Well thought out and designed. The only con I can think of is the abundance of meteor impacts. One would think that settlers would choose a less active (meteor bombardment) planet to settle and develop.There are measures to reduce the impacts, so even that was considered. It does take a  while to be in a position to build the defense lasers.There are threats to the colonists which adds a deeper level of suspense and action to the game.If you like resource gathering games and aren't a fan of shoot 'em' up games, I think you would enjoy this game.This game is outstanding and I see a bright future for the game if the developers have the plans to evolve the colony/colonists even further."
76561198102204839,Recommended,403190,18808956,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,T_Modemia,"Ridiculously addictive!It's all about staying organized and maintaining a buffer.Everything is snappy, graphical/navigation glitches are non-existant, and of course it's absolutely beautiful!Also, when you want to know about something before you build it, there is plenty of info in-game.Also, I like to be able to play a game slowly, and Planetbase allows that - you can't do anything with the game paused, but 1x speed is slow enough to really analyze the colony.  I think the game is meant to be played with a combination of high and low speed, and it does get a bit tedious if you only ever play at 1x because things really do happen VERY slowly.I hate to list off cons, but there are a few:My biggest issue with Planetbase is the layout system - there is no grid, which in itself isn't a problem - it gives the game an organic feel - but frequently you encounter gaps where thingsshouldfit, but don't, or you take out one dome and try to put in another that is the same size and it won't fit.  There is also a whole lot of slowly roving your mouse around until the template turns green, meaning you can place a structure.  This can be very frustrating.The AI does have a logic to it (I suppose it would, wouldn't it..?), and once you start to figure out how it behaves the game gets to be a whole lot more playable.  That said, there is definitely some fine-tuning to do, particularly when it comes to distance-based prioritization (an engineer will do one of two queued jobs and then return to the airlock because an engineer on the other side of the base is queued for the other job, for instance), although I haven't encountered any major issues with pathfinding.  I'd like to say the issues are just a part of the challenge, but in many cases it's a matter of foregoing a completely logical course of action because you know the AI won't get it, or you're forced to micromanage one action at a time rather than queue a series of actions.Still.  I've played for 49.4 hours at this point, so I can hardly say I don't enjoy the game.  In fact, I'm probably going to go back and play some more right now."
,Recommended,403190,18882341,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,AshKaperdon,"""You know, in hindsight, we probably should have brought more spares... and food... and metal and plastic... and not 30 medpacks.""Planetbase is annother space-colony sim. What does it bring to the table? Pretty graphics, mainly. Also, it is a ""complete game"" (It's sad that I have to use those quotes). OK, so let me be clear in that it's a good game. Now, I have yet to see the pirates, but there is only three glaring weaknesses in this game (or three that I'll go into).1. No pause button, other than the menu.Now, in reality, there is no pause button in our day to day lives. But neither is there speed up. I get the idea of the challenge of not pauseing to see the lay of the land, or a head start on build orders, but let the player decide if they want that challenge.2. The initial supply of reasources.Sure, you might have enough for the bare necesities, maybe, if you think a dark first night is fun due to lack of wind. To me there are a set of major buildings that need to be built. O2 generator, followed by airlock, solar and wind generators, and a capasitor of at least medium, waterpump, cantine, bio-dome, mine, and factory. Oh, and all the conectors, and the facilities inside. That is litterally all the metal and bioplastic for something even reasonably longterm. Not to mention you'll need dorms, for sleep (which is funny that that is a low priority to the mine), storage so nothing goes bad, and medic bay and lab. But i guess they expect you to build the smallest ones, which wouldn't be bad, if not for the fact that after a bit of conga line of buildings, everything is structually vital to the base. But oh, well.3. The manufactoring treeNow, ""things take time, el presidente"" to produce, I understand. But if you can build a dome in under an hour, you sure as heck can turn ore into metal in less time! This goes somewhat with above, but it's especially annoying when the people operating the thing come over and take an hour to do it, and do only 10%. The Plant heairerarchy works fine, but not the building reasources. And while all that's going on, you're using up all the food, and then your bots need repairing, and the windmills outside, but, ""Uh oh"", you're out of scraps. Enjoy the darkness, and pay 250 credits for a stinking carrier bot.Minus the things up above, this game could barley be better. It's beautiful, the developers seem active to a fully released game, and when things look up in it, it is up... until I will enevitably reach pirates, and it all goes up in smokes.(P.S. to developers: Seriously, you don't need that many medpacks, you need more metal. My God do you need the metal.)"
,Recommended,403190,18885810,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,tuandn,"After like 10 hours of playing, the game became really boring. There are several problems: first, interaction with the colonists are very limited; second, why all the buildings need to be domes, well you can argue that building dome save material, but then inside the dome, you don't have flexibility  to build stuffs; third, in the hard time when there are very limited food, the one that nearly dies doesn't get any priority, makes them easy starve to death. I could name many more, but in general I feel like the game doesn't worth the money I spent.PS: I withdrew my first review of this game, give it a ""recommend"" instead. After 1.6 patch, I feel like the game run more smoothly, I think it's pretty enjoyable. I don't think I would try to finish building the moon base, but anyway I consider now it worths my money."
76561198072204672,Not Recommended,403190,18556923,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,gonthurian,Ok this is a fifty fifty game.Cons- ai's are not smart very annoying- Late game gameplay is garbage- Also AI is trash- Hard to enjoy the game- The invadors are far too buff- a lot of time just sitting there waiting for the ai's to get places and work- AI is guess what trash- The game needs to have bigger doors where people can enter and exit the base faster or have people allowed to enter and exit at the same timePro's- Hard and at a nice pace- Kind of fun when things are not glitching or just bad game designed- progression is pretty solid ish- idk the game is niceTheres so many issues that i ccan't think of the positives.When you are in late game around 200 pop the enterence to your base gets flooded and having multiple exits doesn't do anything for a 200 pop base and people die getting in and out and in and out every five seconds. People are just so damn dumb it isn't funny theres food that is every where people don't pick that damn thing and starve to death. People go in a damn circle and do nothing at all while everything is on fire and dying. Bots needs so much repairing its kind of annoying even if i have like 100 auto repair stations. repairing windmills and solor panels takes sooo long and it does it sooo damn frequent that it floods the enterence when your late game. All you need to do is get ore and food and everying else can go flack itself. it just so damn tedious its rediclous.
76561197980500928,Recommended,403190,18743678,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,your best friend.,"Don't be misled. PlanetBase is NOT a simple city-builder in space. PlanetBase mixes resource management, city-building, and raw survival into a game that's as frustrating as it is rewarding. Small mistakes, or inattention can lead to a cascade colony collapse that devastates your budding colony. But, everything that happens in the game is firmly YOUR fault. PlanetBase creates the feeling of intensity, exploration, and raw survival that would accompany new settlers on a new planet. The developer, MadrugaWorks, is busy taking feedback and producing patches making the game more fun/exciting every day. Combined with impressive graphics, fun design, and clever gameplay, Planetbase is a game you will easily sink hours into."
76561198153714694,Recommended,403190,18624607,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Cabel,"Glitchy AI in version 1.0.4. No matter what I try (and I have followed all the guides and recommendations on the Steam forums and Internet), I cannot get the engineers to actually do any work (like manufacturing spares) so the colony eventually dies. Waste of money.OK I'm revising my review as I am an idiot and can admit my mistakes. ;^)  Fun game after a somewhat steep learning curve. You need to learn to correctly balance everything on a knife edge. Much more challenging than say Banished (which is still a favorite). I've managed to get up to a colony of about 200 personnel without starving them off, running out of power, water, or not having enough guns and guards to fight off invaders.I still think the AI is glitchy in that colonists will stand around doing nothing until they all die if thier little lives arent perfectly happy. The developers need to watch the movie or read the book ""The Martian"" to understand the human drive for survival a bit better, and adjust the AI motivations accordingly."
76561197978107548,Recommended,403190,18745411,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,BadWolf9510,"I picked up Planetbase a while back and it was worth every penny. It's challenging, beautiful and most importantly, a lot of fun. While it doesn't have the depth you'll see in other cit games like Banished, it holds its own and provides us with a great experience."
76561198116375017,Recommended,403190,18752412,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,JohnTrever,I find this game to be fun and enjoy able but it seems the engineers are in need of an AI fix. The engineers are not fixing the bots unless the bot is at Very poor. Other than that the game isn't that bad.
76561198057821053,Recommended,403190,18744677,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Eloscrub,"An Awesome builder game, which i really enjoy playing while spending my time.Love to build stuff and expending the base throughout the planets.I hope in the future more buildings and maybe even new planets (earth like etc) are comming.I rate this game a 9/10Basicly because i am always in shortage of power when i cant use it and then people die because they need oxygen..."
,Recommended,403190,18751605,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,mray,"Even though the AI makes it frustrating, it's a great game. It's a bit difficult in the beginning, your engineer can be killed by a meteor even before building the vital structures in order to have new colonists and your construction bot can be unrepairably damaged afterwards, which leads to direct fail in the game since there is no one else left who can build things. Maybe this level of virtual reality is a bit too much to enjoy in the beginning. However, until you reach a certain balance then it becomes better. I recommend it."
76561198052309822,Recommended,403190,18748330,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,hein.o,I enjoy this game!The trick is to keep your colonists hunger/thirst/fatigue/happiness and sleep bars in the green. Oxygen and health comes automatically as you build your base.If you focus on clusters of buildings close together that do that so that your colonists don't have to walk miles to do one of those 5 things and then build the other infrastructure buildings as makes you happy then your base will work so much more efficiently.As your base grows build sections of these clusters for your colonists and the handcuffing AI mentioned by so many other reviews will become a moot point.It is a fun game that lacks replayability as it becomes quite repetitive.
76561197991611744,Recommended,403190,18741461,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,rmkarros,"so far it's been really fun, but why the hell do the colonists die of starvation when I have a crap ton of food?"
,Recommended,403190,18765506,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,KahnRa,Simple but great fun
76561198035367299,Recommended,403190,18845330,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,-Zigzagdada-,"It's an amazing game, very addictive once you start playing. There are some bugs in the game and it's not the most straightforward game but you get the hang of it fairly quickly (I would still recommend doing the tutorial). It's a sandbox, alien planet base building game, you need power, water, food, oxygen and sleeping space as basics, then you can build structures for leisure, communications, landing platforms and even anti-meteor lazers (yes the meteors can hit your base, however the damage is quite local, 1 structure only-and everyone in it).The game is challenging and it may not be the most original idea going (city building and alien planet survival) but it seems to have invoked a new interest by having a different way of portraying the genre. And it looks great! I certainly recommend this game, and I'm sure there will be new features and the few bugs will be fixed and polished over time. =D"
,Recommended,403190,18856717,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,WoobyWoobWoob~,"If you like city builders, space and something quite realistic, buy this game.Planetbase is like Sims(?) + Space + Mars One mission + TRAGEDY + MISFORTUNE mixed together."
76561197970646353,Not Recommended,403190,18852809,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Orcrist,No Research very limited game play
76561198055742635,Recommended,403190,18853127,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Machschnell66,I dont know why so many people complain about the AI i dont seem to have a problem. I do love the game its a nice fun little base builder
76561198088388557,Recommended,403190,18830295,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Cortland00,Amazing
,Recommended,403190,18842821,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,AstraRR,"I love building games and Planetbase has been the best one I've played in a while.The game can be quite a challenge due to small things that can spiral out of control VERY quickly if you're not paying attention. Although I believe thats quite reflective of how complex building a colony on another world would be!The initial part of the game has a bit of a learning curve at first but once you figure out how to control the arrival of new colonists and the alert system, things get a LOT easier.The game could use a few UI additions. It's quite a spartan interface and you could use more information such as your resources and power levels ALWAYS displayed. Definitely a lot of exciting things you could add and make the game even better."
76561198144805197,Recommended,403190,18841811,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,strong2frame,"Great concept and terrific idealism.Unfortunately the matrix seems to have a built in poor attitude.Priorities are turned on yet they would rather starve or freeze to death than to do any thing to save them selves.Large bio-dome filled with food,yet the stocks run out.Spares factory sitting idle with priority turned on as they watch the grid deteriate.SEEMS there is always a built in failure waiting for your efforts.The staff have all the luxuries available for their moral,but they would rather come all the way to Mars just to sit on their hands and watch each other die. I had four workers,six biologists and engineers,with two medics,yet ran out of every thing.At least i will never give up."
76561198042242287,Recommended,403190,18733879,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,BelPontas,"Great game, definitely worth the 20$, only thing i would love is an additional priority button, basically saying you want someone using whatever it is 100% of the time, would make expanding the base much easier.on a side note, nothing is quite as sad and epic as watching a meteor strike your dorm while every colonist is sleeping in it.10/10 would watch colony get wiped again."
76561198167065979,Recommended,403190,18733895,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,brybrysciguy,"Really fun game and hard game, especially at the beginning when you have no idea how to play. I really like the aesthetics of the game, I like going into the interior view and seeing metors strike in the distance."
76561198029489875,Recommended,403190,18736035,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Agojama,"Played pirated, then decided to upgrade. This game is simple yet challenging and fun to play. The game made how it should be.But there is no difference in day\night lenght and landspace between different spawn locations. 9\10"
,Recommended,403190,18780348,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Daft,"Very fun basebuilding game. No zerg rush to worry about, just the action of building and dealing with the environment."
,Recommended,403190,18782132,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,SammyMavrs,"oh man the replay value really isnt there. i was having a ton of fun expanding my base to make it bigger and bigger. i ended up with a ton of room left but then hit the building limit. have yet to play the last 2 planets. seems pointless. i get the limit is to keep the frame rates up but it just kills the game knowing that in reality you really wont be able to build a metropolis. youll maybe be able to have 3 of every industry building and a 300 population. everything else goes towards just keeping your people alive which means multiple farms and solar panels. seeing as how the 2nd planet has very little sun, wind power is completely worthless so all this tells me is how much less ill be able to build.all these games need to do is expand the economics to make it more indepth. instead, all the trade ships are good for is to get the tech upgrades and resources early game you dont have, then late game after you have everything its more about trying to get rid of your stuff. i found that once you hit through the barrier with getting the bot industry started, the game becomes a breeze. 1 minute i had 10 constructor bots, the next since my engineers dont need to do anything anymore, i had a 100+ of all the bots.all and all, i still had fun. played it for about 2 days and got it on sale so it made it unregretable. maybe in a few months i might go back and start a new colony but i honestly doubt ill ever play on the other 2 planets. ice has no sun so even more build limit and the 3rd has no wind so no wind power to cover your solar energy at night; again more pointless structure limits. get this on sale and you wont regret it."
,Recommended,403190,18782204,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Rawr,"Fantastic game, with something I've rarely seen in these kinds of games, a higher starting difficulty.For many it seems to be a turn off but for me it presents an extremely fun challenge where I have to use my brain from the getgo, rather than the established EXPAND EXPAND EXPAND and then everything slow down as it gets more complicated.This coupled with the rising complexity of managing it all effectively and getting achievements later on makes for a thoroughly engaging experience.Look no further than my playtime! It got to 50 hours before I'd even got to the second of the three planet types.All in all, fantastic, exactly what I was missing from my gaming experience.My only complaint is being unable to pan the camera up or down and being unable to zoom in or out more, nothing a really basic mod or update couldn't fix with ease"
,Recommended,403190,18784251,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Wardogus,"PlanetBase is a pretty good game where you basically build structures to expand your colony in a planet (which is unlocked after reaching their respective milestones). The first planet is a Mars type planet, which is also where the tutorial is so you can learn the basics. It plays like a city building type game, as well as Banished, so it's building the essential structures (Bio-domes, processing plants, factories, solar panels, etc) to survive. Fail to do so, your colony will fail quickly.I do have a few gripes about the game though. One is that it's easy to lose your colony because the AI just gives up if they have needs that are not met and they end up dying. Another gripe is that you can't maximize space because all the buildings have to have a certain amount of space around them, sometimes leaving big gaps in-between that could be utilized. A final one is that once all the human colonists die, that's it. Robots apparently don't count toward the population and maintain the essential buildings for the next ship of colonists to arrive.Apart from those cons, there are lots of positive. One is obviously it's set in space! Another is that you could play this until you meet your milestones or when you get tired. A final one is that you get to select where on the planet you want to land your first (second, third, etc) colonists, so you don't have to sit and suffer through the same location over and over again. This is also a pro because it enhances replayability, letting you challenge yourself in different areas. However, the weather happens to be exactly the same depending on the planet.Overall, it's a fun game that you'll spend hours on!"
76561198084581681,Recommended,403190,18784930,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Lil Broomstick,"This is a pretty fun game I must say, but after a while, it gets old. The only thing I found bothering is the AI. I know everyone and their mothers is complaining about the AI as well but its gotta get fixed. So on the mars planet my base grew a ton of food. And all the AI cared about was moving the vegtables. even if I made something the main priority, they would still worry about food. They even lost moral because all they did was move food.Another thing is I hope they add more stuff to the game. By your first 5 hours of playing on a world, you have damn near build every structure. Then the rest of the game is just expanding so you can get all the milestones.I wish they added in something like:-Oxygen Tanks (so you can save up oxygen like power and water)-Maybe something like a rover (so you could set up multiple bases)-being able to set a person to a certain job (like set a worker to make metal and only metal)-more invaders (like a whole group of people attacking your base instead of just 2 or 3 people)-And harder disaters (like a meteor shower ect.)I know its a beta game, and I'm not cutting it down. But this game needs some work. And I see a very well made game in the future. 8/10"
76561198043985256,Recommended,403190,18771503,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,VGAstudent,"Here's a bit of a reality check, what kind of engineer would be so stupid as to fail to build a water fountain when it's already in the build queue, but everyone dies of dehydration ANYWAY?Just a flaw? No, obviously the player takes too much time to think that a real life engineer would have thought of building a water fountain before then. Right? I'd say more tweaking needs to be done here yet. It is playable, but the background graphics really emphaize the fact that the environment isn't entirely 3D. The rocks in the terrain always show a shodow in one direction only, when the sum itself has moved all the way across the horizon.No doubt it is a very entertaining game, but don't expect it to be easy or logical."
,Recommended,403190,18775957,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Kaenda,This is a great game and I love it so far. The only thing I foresee being a problem is that you can not dedicate a worker to specifically work on something. For example: forcing a worker to pick up an item rather than just walking by it. I hope to see an update fixing this soon!
,Recommended,403190,18809456,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,finnen78,Fun and VERY challenging :)
,Recommended,403190,18814818,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Jexser,"This game is awesome. I mean, it really is. It's a nice mix of good old fashioned tycoon games and modern survival games like Banished.Building a base challenging at early stages, but after couple of hours you're totaly into it and managing crisis situatians becomes way much easier. I'd even sa that you have no problems to avoid power/water/food shortage if you know what you're doing.The only problem so far motivation for growing. I've got perfectly balanced base with 150 colonists + 40 bots and just don't see any reasons to grow further unlike games like Cities Skylines where I just can't stop expanding. I guess this is something developers should be working now on."
,Recommended,403190,18828906,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Paul,"This game keeps me coming back.I haven't finished the 2nd and 3rd planets yet, but i really enjoy the base building and management. Everything can quickly go south and your colony can collapse over simple mistakes. I enjoy that aspect of the game. There are a lot of other ""hardcore"" survival games that don't give the player any freebies, and this game is one of them.For example: i had a great colony of almost 80 people, good production, but then i built too many plants... yeah plants. the biologists on hand couldn't maintain them all at the same rate so total production almost stopped. people started starving eventually and when that happens your rating goes from ""good"" to ""horrible"" and no new colonists will arrive, even the desperately needed biologists. i thought i would wait through it to see if people died off and i recycled some plants, but unfortunately the overworked biologists died first, making the problem worse. no more colony.good:challenging, especially at firstnice visualsbase is interesting to expand and experiment with different maps.the base feels totally personalized as you're buildingbad:not enough planets (im not looking forward to finishing all 3 of them)just a bit more content for the late game is needed. (i.e. the option of having enemy bases. conflict, satelites, missions,  more advanced tech and bigger base modules, multi-level domes and walkways, the list could go on.)i don't regret buying at all"
,Recommended,403190,18593263,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,tanzy,"EDIT: This was initially a negative review, but the devs have been steadily patching the game to address the major flaws the community has had issue with.  With the changes made thus far, I'm giving the game a qualified recommendation.Planetbase is fun, although it lacks the depth needed for lots of replayability.  There are limited chains of production and very little base specialization.  Several reviews have compared this game to Banished, which is a fair comparision although I think Planetbase doesn't have the complexity of Banished.  It is very resource management focused and you expand your base to anticipate the increasing needs of your colonists.  Because you are a lone base on a planet, failing to meet some of these needs can be pretty catastrophic.The colonists' AI is relatively strict, which sometimes results in seemingly counter-intuitive behavior.  This was my biggest issue with the game at launch.  But they have recently patched the game to allow for limited prioritization of behavior and building queues that can supercede the AI's default behavior.===== From my original review =====As an example, while playing my second colony I was in the middle of trying to build a spare parts factory when I realized I was going to need more power soon. So I put down a wind turbine plot and waited.  While waiting for either the factory or turbine to finish (because you can't control what gets built first or pause the construction of something), my other power generators degraded enough to need repairs and started causing power shortages.  The power shortages prevented my colonists from sleeping, and a tired colonist won't do jack.  Within two days, all of my power generators were failing or needing repairs, which meant even greater power shortages.  Then the water stopped flowing because of the power shortage, so I had tired and thirsty colonists just milling about inside, refusing to go outside and make the repairs that would fix all of their problems.  I gave up when the airlock shut off from power failure.===========================I went back to this save after the most recent patch (10/28) and was able to save my base. Although the base lost power for part of one night, this didn't cause a cascading failure of needs like it had previously.  Instead my colonists struggled through their tiredness and built that wind turbine so they could get some sleep the following night.TLDR: Now a qualified recommendation from a previously negative review. Fun game, but with limited replay value."
76561198054987114,Recommended,403190,30533047,Posted: 15 March,all,rsmudger,Incredibly addictive and a refreshig challenge. Unlike alot of modern games that are idiot proof or utilise AI in such a way as to allow you to leave your computer for extended periods ... this game is not as forgiving ... and I love that.I hope patches and/or expantions are coming soon.
,Not Recommended,403190,30477335,Posted: 12 March,all,Shador,"the game has come to a complete standstill in terms of updates.because of this it makes me think i wasted some valuable money i could've used on the sims now.the game doesn't feel finished at all.however the way it's now it's just build a base and have as many people as possible live in it.with the achievements it's just like you need to do this in the shortest time as possible.sorry, but it ain't working for me anymore"
76561198154525464,Not Recommended,403190,30438107,Posted: 10 March,all,jcarter1001,"My most successful colony was my first, from there on end, I was given frustration. And my first one had only five colonists after the very necessary builds where satisfied.  I for one do not understand why some very basic structures cannot go where I want them, it's neither intuitive I connected my colony to a power source, there is no documentation, just a tutorial game which is flawed and the game just plain drives me up a wall. This was sold to me for 19.95 - pffft! It ain't worth 19 cents.. I am thinking that with lack of documentation , and broken game mechanics, this game is better left avoided. I have already paid for games that are challenging without being grossly frustrating in a stupid sort of way .. the help tab is the closest thing it has to documentation.. How sad."
,Recommended,403190,18818976,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Master Fubar,"An absolutely fun game. You'll end up wanting to continuously play for just 5 more minutes, ever eking out a bigger and bigger base. Also, great job to the dev's for coming out with patches in a timely manner.*Oringal Post tl:didn't save. AI for the colonists was a problem but has been fixed. Didn't have a single issue for almost 10 hours of gameplay."
76561198005388001,Not Recommended,403190,18883689,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Gorbz,"Ok, so on the whole, the game is OK, but it does have some problems.I have read on the forums about higher population bases having wierd AI glitches, like people not eating despite food being plentiful, or not producing something vital for your base maintenance in favour of moving crates into storage.For me, the random nature of meteor strikes prevented me from building anything significant.  On one base I had put down the very basics by the start of night one - power, an airlock, and oxygen production.  Then, a meteor hit the oxygen production facility, destroying it and killing 6 out of my 7 colonists and both my robots.  The final colonist suffocated when the oxygen ran out.  The second base had oxygen and power, and was just about to get the first canteen and food production up, when another meteor just fell out of the sky and killed the only two people in the colony who could actually build anything, leaving the rest of the colonists to slowly die of hunger.  And this is supposed to be on a planet with a ""Low"" meteor strike chance (meaning one will land every 5 minutes or so)"
,Recommended,403190,18603674,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,LiterallyLime,"***UPDATE***Game now feels much more RTS like, Colonists no longer prioritize morale/sleep over food/water.The AI in general feels much sharper and almost eliminates the need to micro manage colonists and tasks.It's a yes from me, especially if its on sale!"
76561198008501262,Recommended,403190,19342710,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,SheerTorcher,"I've enjoyed my time with Planetbase. At least at my purchase version, Planetbase is a stable, engaging, well-put together colony builder in the vein of Startopia, and Startopia players will immediately notice a handful of similar mechanics. Mastering the different resources and services needed for a colony with good welfare takes some time and challenges, and different equilibriums shift fast enough that the base manager always finds himself with something to do.My critiques of the game are twofold: 1) a lack of documentation and 2) a shallow end game. The lack of documentation hampers the game in that the player is confronted with complex problems: for example, settlers in a base that is chock full of food and mess halls but still seems to be suffering from malnutrition. The solution in my case appeared to be to diversify available foods until some magic (yet still unknown to me) combination produced a healthier menu. Another problem was the creation of anti-meteor lasers: you're told that they are useful for stopping meteors from pelting your facility, but you're not told what radius they protect, making it difficult to plan coverage.As for the shallow end game, the sole way to go from a medium sized functional base to a high scoring base appears to be either to build lots of useless monoliths or take on more and more settlers, who in turn present more of the original resource challenges. There's no new ways to tackle problems or reach a different kind of end: the tech tree is very shallow and missing obvious techs like more durable robots, improved production technologies, or improved service technologies. While I found the game very satisfying to play through to a high-pop base, the lack of different end game choices means the game has little replayibility for me.I enjoyed Planetbase and its challenges, and I feel I got my money's worth and a bit more. But when it comes to the replay, I'm afraid I'll be going back to Startopia: while the older game is clunkier, it has more possible endings and more technological / style choices that make for a more varied gameplay."
76561197993296428,Recommended,403190,19342095,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,The Loremaster,"If you like a challenging, realistic, space resource management city builder then this is it. This game is amazing. For the price point...it's BOSS.This is similar to Banished and maybe Tropico 5. However, it is much more difficult to manage all of the various components. It's safe to say that NOOBS (to city builders) will suffer playing this. Everyone else that's familiar with the genre of games will absolutely LOVE it.20 out of 10."
76561198064173677,Not Recommended,403190,19342169,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Megawasp,Could of been so good but continual meteor hits and running out of everything makes it just plain frustrating. Better games out there.
,Recommended,403190,19334664,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,blizace,Really fun. Well worth the money if you like city builders
,Recommended,403190,19334745,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,J4nB1,"It's a really cool game. Like it a lot. But it happened twice now, that my base died out, because the workers just don't do their job. They stand around and do nothing, and my base is falling apart. I have the ressources to make repair components, but the worker just doesn't produce them. Or people starve to death because they walk outside and go to the mine even though their saturation is really low. And yes, they had food. The AI needs some more tweaking, but overall the game is really cool. :D"
75432785324768523,Recommended,403190,19306024,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,JMK16,MEGA NICE
,Recommended,403190,19326370,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Predator3000,"i love this game, it is fun and realistic with a touch of strategy and made to be difficult!!!"
,Recommended,403190,19311982,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Solenya,"After playing this game for a few hours I noticed that if the colonists dont have what they want, they stop working. If I want food and there is none left then I wouldd probably do whatever I have to do to get food until I die. Get rid of that ""realistic"" feature and the game would be better."
,Recommended,403190,18566619,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Kelath,"Okay, I've updated my review... Again. :)The game did have some issues when I began, but it has been vastly improved.1) I had a resource outside, and the carrier robot just kept slaming itself against the closet wall instead of going outside and getting the resource. UPDATE: I haven't had this happen lately.2) Resources called ""Spares"" are needed to fix things.  While the people have access to all the resources to build spares, they'd rather not build them, thus crippling power and eventually killing the colony. UPDATE: My colonists seem to build spares out the wazoo as long as I have the components and things are set correctly, the trick now is balancing mining and production with everything else going on.3) Other resources are needed to build additional facilities.  In one game, I had a colonist stop at 99% completion of an iron unit needed to build a new solar collector so that the base would stop losing power near morning, no one else worked on it and eventually the base failed. UPDATE: They seem to do alot better now.4) People were starving to death, because no one could be bothered to collect the food packs. UPDATE: This has gotten better, the trick now is balancing biologists with just enough food components that the biologists don't get overwhelmed so things dont start breaking down creating a chain reaction of death, but it is better then when I first started :)NOTE: I've had my base saved because my last colonist was sick and in sickbay without a doctor, apparently the colonist refused to die, but it gave me enough time to get some new colonists to keep the base going :)So overall the game has definitely improved since I began playing, it's no longer extremely frustrating, it's more of a balancing act now that I'm continuing to try and improve.  Keep up the good work!"
,Recommended,403190,18557511,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,CrazyJabber,"BLAH BLAH, see my edit :DCurrently, the AI is terrible. Oxygen running low but there is an Oxygen generator waiting to be built. Plenty of resources and instead everyone chooses to complain and then just sit down and die. Morale low? Rather than going and building the canteen and cabin, everyone decides to mope around eventually causing resources to run dry and dying. Construiction bots just roll around not doing construction while everything breaks down around them. It's a fun game until some AI glitch happens causing the whole place to burn to the ground. This has ruined 5 games of mine and I just don't see the point in trying to fight the job mapping. The priority button helps some but it is very limited to what can be prioritized. Getting stuff built with the clock racing is a no go. It's like the colony doesn't care about their lives and would rather just walk around doing nothing than to live another day.Edit: Much has been fixed.  Changed rating from negative to positive. It's a very fun game and I hated to be harsh but much of the enjoyability got sucked away when the people would fail at basic tasks. Hope to see more in the future!"
76561198002955950,Recommended,403190,19310984,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Dare Arkin,"Not bad, honestly. But while there's a lot of promise, there's also a few problems.The Good: The building interface works -really- well. It's pretty intuitive, kinda like freeform legos. The graphics are gorgeous, flat out, especially when solar flares kick in. Ye gods. The economy is rough as hell without being impossible, meaning it's a real challenge but an achievable one.The Bad: The interface is just plain wonky sometimes. The AI pathfinding for your little colonists is quite often pants-on-head stupid- they'll sometimes -starve to death- because isntead of getting food from a machine next to the dome they're working in, they want to go across the entire base. At endgame, that can be fatal. Security monitoring is spotty at best, and seems to be based on 'roughly when things were built.' There's no way to -force- security to watch for intruders in special areas. And, lastly, the AI can get amazingly stupid with itself. The little colonists will want to eat, sleep, watch TV (or run on the man-sized hamster wheel) more than work, so sometimes I've run into situations where the oxygen generator has been -destroyed,- and people are suffocating... and the repair man is doing pullups. The game would benefit from an 'emergency' system to force pepole to do their jobs.Overall, though, I'd go for it. It's a fun way to waste some time."
76561198035649186,Recommended,403190,18577404,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Heir of the Void,"Started out with serious problems witht he colonist control AI, but that has been significantly improved and is no longer a serious issue, and other than that the game has always been great.One thing that would be nice is the ability to station guards near the entrances leading to my landing pads; I often have ample guards but lose people in the time it takes for them to reach the Intruders."
,Recommended,403190,18592935,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Meskita,Its much better now ;)-Old versionneeds a  better AI because on its current state its just brain dead.like if you  at some point build a storage its going to stop everythings its doing and just carry stuff to the storage no matter what until its full even if you're having energy  problems and you've had energy production for like minutes there while they just carry  stuff to the damm storage so energy  fails and everyone dies.would also be better to put some more bots at the start
76561197984923249,Recommended,403190,18815561,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,cplirby,As of now the game seems to be running great. I have spent several hours playing it and I have not run out of content. It's a great game if you enjoy problem solving at an incredible rate of speed. (Ensure you save regularly becuase one mistake at a critical moment can cause multiple colonists to die). Over-all I am having a great time and I love the challenge imposed on a players thinking skills that this game possesses.Thumbs up!!
76561198034651234,Recommended,403190,22224821,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Daret,"If you don't mind a somewhat slow-paced 'city' building game then this is a pretty good option. It's challenging but not punishing, most of the time at least. Storm planet can be pretty unforgiving (3-4 days straight of clouds and no wind?) but I still managed to get 7/8 milestones, can't be bothered to try to get the 300 population one."
76561198004912729,Recommended,403190,22227492,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,flyboy254,"Planetbase is a game that I think is perfect for people working through the week to just come home and play a few hours to relax. The game itself is relatively simple to get into, though as far as the mid to late game goes it seems almost impossible to bring your colonists to a ""happy"" place. Another issue is that after a time, the material in the game becomes not so much stale as it is repetative. Thankfully I have noticed the developers paying close attention to their product and reviews, so I hope to see more content in the future whether from the community or the developers.Overall, I recommend Planetbase as a complete game, with the hope that more can come over time."
76561198087428155,Not Recommended,403190,22194626,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,trinebrondbo,"Have played 6 different places, because my people dies from starvation or not enough oxygen or the power is failing. I have not been able to play this whole game because i`m a idiot who can`t beat the AI system. I like to love this game, but it`s getting on my nerves... If I had pulled off the AI system, this game had been great and fun. But now, not so much. I like a tutorial who is more than 5min long and I like hints and tips built in the game so I can see what I need to do now. Like a ""hey you, build this, or your people die""...."
76561198277249640,Recommended,403190,22212917,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,smstv1950,"Hi~ I am a student who likes ""Planet base"" game very much. I would like to request something of this game..Please, Make a game room and add the game room on the next version. The end of the game process, I think that lots of people need more facilities, because there are just two facilities. so, I really want to request more facilities, for example, ""game rooms"", ""pump game machine"" etc.....Thank you, From BJ from Seoul Korea...."
76561197991755549,Recommended,403190,22209408,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,ussdsoul,"Simple sim game, but has good strategy behind it. Very addictive."
76561197973546137,Recommended,403190,22394034,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,Telcontar,"There are a lot of ways this game could be improved, most of them focusing on offering deeper gameplay after the initial build order setup. HOWEVER, what exists now is still a solid little scifi themed game that's well worth the price."
,Recommended,403190,22171582,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,BigBizzle,"Good game. It is... unforgiving. In the style on Banished, it's easy for things to go south and when they do, you tend to get a cascade of failure that washes over your little colony like a cleansing wave. Game could probably benefit from having better indicators of the state of your power and water needs on the hud, but other than having to hunt a bit for some data, the game is pretty smooth."
76561198109015905,Not Recommended,403190,22166185,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Randy Marsh,"15h of gameplay and i am allready bored :(dont get me wrong, its not a real bad game, but there is just no real challenge and a lack of content. they fixed the major ai issues so far (not fully optimized, but playable without frustraion level) and added some stuff. but the mechanisims are allways the same and you get realy fast to to point where its just scaling up. its a good game for beginners in base building. no micromanagement! no different food values! not hard to survive! just store food and energy and repair some dmg from metors and blizzards.too bad :( the grafic and the sci-fi-setting is realy nice. its nice to watch your base beeing busy. mayby they get me with planetbase 2."
76561198087592934,Recommended,403190,22273958,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,TheMrSlayer56,Once you figure out the mechanics of PlanetBase the game is alot easyer i wish there was more stuff you could do in this game but over all it was fun to play and deffenitly hard at first.
76561198014296523,Recommended,403190,22236502,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Joe,Its not bad - Not much to do after you conquer the supply chain1 or 2 days on average play - Your done8/10
,Recommended,403190,22258130,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,AsianBacon,"Man, this game is amazing.Planning, resource management, and on-the-spot decisions are all involved in playing this game successfully, and that's what makes it tremendous fun."
,Recommended,403190,22189752,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,livedhealer16,Twas a good game......... till all your people die of stravation cuse you were too busy trying to build the big laser
,Recommended,403190,22246727,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Reuven,"The game is puzzle and that puzzle is carefully balanced expansion.  Growing too fast can cripple or kill your colony.  The game is about efficency and micromanagement, but lacks some controls to do so.For Example:  You can control how many robots your base produces.  But you CAN'T control how many of each type of robot is in your base.Still, enjoyable play.  Once you've cracked each planet's particular puzzle, you can expand until you fill your borders."
76561198031778088,Recommended,403190,22246744,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Ilyich Opossum,"I had originally left a negative review, which was responded to by the devs quite pleasantly.I have changed my mind after my first succesfull PLanetbase. This is a difficult game, with a STEEP learning curve. But, it is an excellent, and addictive game!"
,Recommended,403190,22248382,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Flajavin,Good game. Almost missed a day of work playing this.
,Recommended,403190,22249110,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,VanguardMk1,"I picked this game up after I saw a video about it on YouTube, and it intrigued me. I found it a nice challenge to figure out the AI and plan my base accordingly. Once I got the hang of it, I moved on to very large bases and the other planets. The 4th planet with the lakes and lightning storms was my favorite, as you were really challenged by the lack of space and the minimalistic crew at the start.Every planet has its own quirks, which creates some different options on each planet to survive properly there. After some base building, I did prefer starting over again over becoming a massive base. Finding out new (and sometimes stupid) ways to survive was a nice challenge. There is a lot of mentions about bad AI, but I didn't encounter much of that. Maybe it was just the way I played that I just didn't encounter those issues.While a nice game, it lacks some end game content as massive bases have defenses against meteors and intruders aren't much of a threat if you build a sort of security checkpoint full of guards. I'd like to see some more difficult intruder scenario's, which could seriously set me back a lot or send me into a death spiral if I don't react fast enough to it.The game could still use some quality of life changes, like setting the limit for each type of bot instead of bots in general. The same goes for trading ships, as radio antenna's only contact vessels with irradiated/ill/unhappy crew, and not one of the many trading vessels. The randomness of trading ship types and their tax percentage is annoying, as sometimes I need a specific trader to get some semiconductors and it takes 10 trading ships before I finally get the one I want. This also counts for the techs that I can acquire, as it can be a pain to collect the last few techs because of the low probability that trading ships carry them.TL;DRNice game, could use some quality of life improvements and end-game content. Will keep you occupied for a nice amount of time as you figure out the best ways to start a base and build it to fit the different planets."
76561197995418028,Recommended,403190,22278190,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,yasdnil,"Great mix of survival and strategy, the ethics of sacrificing the few for the greater good are really striking and it looks amazing too."
76561198138827437,Recommended,403190,22260651,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,hagalaz108,"Pretty simplistic game which at the same time requires quite a bit of calibrating and planning. Has a castleville (without pay to play) mixed with Sims feel. Wish there was a bit more variety in terms of buildings and components for said buildings, because of that I don't think it's worth the full $22 (I bought it on sale and think it's worth just that - $15). Overall good job to the devs!"
,Recommended,403190,22496928,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,Davidsdh,A great game with hours of repeat gameplay. New planet is great and I hope to see more content updates soon.
,Recommended,403190,21581477,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Markavian,"A solid city construction game. Great looking visual effects for three planets, and a real sense of panic and hopelessness if you fail to balance the requirements of the settlement. I found each of the maps challenging in different ways, but the overall structure and approach is the same.The game is very unforgiving for mistakes, and although survival is straight forward, completing the achievements is well worth attempting if you want a full challenge.Unfortunately, there's not much replay value at this stage.  I'm looking forward to future patches, and a fourth planet based on information on the developer's website. Would still recommend to any space and simulation fans."
,Not Recommended,403190,22232426,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Warmaster_Prime,"Why does this game have to be soo hard to play! The colonist require food, water, etc. every time they are at around 3/4 of the way FULL! This game needs to have an option to play the game easier than it is now. I lost around 4-8 times in a row. Producing materials takes a long time which makes it harder to farm. If you lose any of your vital colonists, you practicaly lose to game. Why play a game that is very hard to gather resources fast enough before your colonists get injured, hungary, sleepy, etc. In the beginning, I liked this game, but now, I have to say no to recommending this game because of what happened to me. It would be great if the developers could change when/how long the colonists can last and how fast they can produce resources. On another note: I have noticed many of the bio. colonists were not working on the plantation. I had about 5-8 bio's and only 2 were working, as the other plants were dying. I felt as if the colonists were selfish, greedy, and lazy. Things that I don't normally see in games like this, becasue of this situation.On the bright side: The game does have great graphics quality and I had no lag at all! :)Conclusion: DON'T WASTE YOUR MONEY BUYING THIS GAME UNTIL THE DEVELOPERS HAVE COMPLETED/FIXED THE PROBLEMS!!!!!"
,Not Recommended,403190,22226006,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,HowTheStoryEnds,"If you bought this: ask for your money back.My crew dies of hunger because my biologists don't prioritize high yield crops. My structures are in disrepair because, even though the ""out of spares"" message flashes every 30 seconds my *single* engineer decides to make semiconductors instead of spares.This game lacks a decent NPC AI, especially since you can *not* guide or command them yourself. Until they fix that DO NOT BUY."
,Recommended,403190,22179122,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,FLiP,"Keep expanding on this game please.I love this game simply because its a balancing act of logistics, common sense and survival. You will make mistakes and you will fail but the fun of it is actually making a colony that can run efficiently, even if you leave it running for 8 hours or overnight unaatended - so far I've only lost one colony on ""overwhelming"". The success and enjoyment of this depends on your choices, not a heavily scripted predetermined path."
,Recommended,403190,20978661,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,fred,"... if you love to build up a complex colony, just get it and play... its real fun...... i often return to  this game to play one colonisation trough... and they developer really take care of fheir game und creating some extra add  ons...for only 20 bucks... just buy it and give it a try...."
76561198164658473,Recommended,403190,22142296,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,thatoneguy,love it.. one of the best lazy man games i ever played!
76561198030824203,Recommended,403190,18744795,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Hellhawk666,"UPDATE - As of March 24 2016Planetbase has been polished a lot just recently and the changes have made a subtle but definite improvement. All of the things I complained about in the original review have been attended to, particularly with regard to the AI. The colonists and droids now behave in a predictable and sensible fashion, and I have not seen any strange behaviour, such as colonists walking across the colony just to get a drink, droids getting lost, etc.On the whole, gameplay feels ""smoother"" and more like finished game.The game does definitely have an initial ""hump"" you have to get past, but apart from landing in a really bad place to build and choosing bad locations for your starting structures, it's unlikely that your colony won't survive. After that development progresses in ""waves"" - you can't just add a desirable structure at any time, as planning for power, water, food and particularly spare parts is vital. Morale is a very important consideration, too. However once you learn the correct way to proceed it is unlikely you'll fail.  After this point I must admit the game can get a bit ""samey"". I don't mind this too much as I enjoy just starting a new colony and taking it as far as I can in an alotted time.  However some sort of more complex long-term goal would not be a bad addition to the game.Armed intruders still bug me. They work much better than they used to, but they seem like a wasted possibility. All they ever do is enter the base and shoot people - it's just a very simplistic annoyance. It would be nice if they might sometimes sneak in and out and steal things, or do something other than randomly kill colonists.Disease is also something that could be introduced as a problem for the colonies to face, and it would be really cool if the immediate vicinity of the base could be explored in some simple manner. I'm not sure how this might work, but it feels like it could be an interesting addition.Also it would be really, really nice if a ""junction"" similar to the pad but for inhabited structures, could be built. This would make building a more pleasing base structure possible. You can achieve the same thing by building a small storage dome, but a cheaper option that just joins the connecting tunnels would be great.It would also be nice if structures could be upgraded to the next size, but due to the way the structures are placed this is probably not possible. It is annoying also that you cannot delete a structure in the middle of a chain of structurse - only at the ends.As it stands now I'd say a definite 7 / 10 at least.If some sort of long-term goal or benefits/new challenges on subsequent planet types could be added that would take it up to 8 / 10, no problem.UPDATE- As of February 3rd, with 8 hours more gameplay.The updates have been good and have addressed some issues, but there are still issues with the colonist AI that I think might be unfixable without a major rewrite. eg The colonists just don't behave sensibly sometimes - walking right across the colony to find a meal when one is available nearby.Apart from this relatively major issue the game is solid and enjoyable.  I'd recommend it for the atmosphere and overall gameplay, but beware that the AI is glitchy, and it can be glitchy enough to wreck your game. Save often!ORIGINAL REVIEW:So far with about 15 hours in the game I'm enjoying it a lot.Issues at the moment include:* some bugs in the AI that allow colonists and bots to wander endlessly sometimes instead of carrying out a goal,* glitches that allow colonists to wander past a canteen with food and starve to death before they reach a different canteen.* security guards are slow to respond to threats, and the colonists behave in silly ways around invaders - sometimes just ignoring them, sometimes attacking and being killed by the dozen.I believe all of these are known bugs and are being addressed.  Other than that the game feels solid and well balanced and has the required addictive quality.Some more options and complexity for the colony would be good, as would the option of micro-managing either production or colonist's actions.  Also it would be nice if invading characters did something besides just killing people - stealing stocks or sabotage, for example.The game has a great potential and if the developers follow up the bug fixes with more content, and greater long-term game objectives it could become a very popular game.  The space setting and overall look of the colonies is very pleasing."
76561198012030940,Recommended,403190,22143308,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Madman,"Fun, challenging, makes you think, developers are making it even better. What's not to like? Now if I could just get a discount so I could buy ten copies for the students in my computer classes. Oh, next update maybe include hotkeys for red, yellow, and green alerts maybe I just haven't found them yet."
,Recommended,403190,22282616,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,quantomphysics,i reccommend this game because i found it fun to me sure i am a nerd for this sort of stuff but it was extreemly fun to play around with as i progressed up and built my own colony so yeah i suggest you get this if you want but as ifound it awesome i am sure that you will to
76561198056416243,Recommended,403190,24330889,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Zom-B-Bunny,"I love this game it is really fun, BUT i can do with improvement like able to pack another ship and travel to the same or harder planet that would be cool and you can pack what you want and what you think you need that be cool. and even more variety disasters on diffrent planets... maybe zombies or aleins lol.. and the ability to look up or angle the camera diffrent"
,Recommended,403190,24404136,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,UndeadNecro,"If you've ever played Banished, this is basically the same concept/playstyle but in space and with a little less complexity.You land, craft the essential strcutures for survival, then for self sufficiency, then luxury commodities. Your population won't die from age or work accidents, only from catastrophic failures. Does this mean the game is easy? No. As of this post the AI isn't super smart and trying to direct them is limited to just being able to increase a priority of a building, not individual parts within them. Also having multiple priority buildings seems to confuse them.Arbitrary rating system 7.5/10"
,Recommended,403190,24289417,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,McGunner,"It's fun enough to buy on sale.I compair it with having a 15$ meal, which makes this certainly worth the cost.It is true that the game does not surprize you past the first hour or too, but there is pleasure to be had in expanding your colony.  which whould take one or two more hours.The game looks pretty and handles well.I'd say 20$ is too much for it, but get it if it is on sale."
76561198102054257,Recommended,403190,24504654,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Parzival,"I absolutley love this game. Its enjoyable and understandable, but there are some certain features that are EXTREMELY NEEDED! Namely the ability to prioritize certain structures, and put certain injured colinist -or damadged bots- into there bunk or Med-bay."
76561198022815744,Recommended,403190,24505542,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Sundora,i liked this game allot however it kinda falls off once you know how to play the game. Not many challenges or no way to expand past your planet.
,Not Recommended,403190,19703374,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Offlcer_Sam,"-Lacks Creative mode-Lacks new content, in otherwords repeitive (and hard)-Lacks modding material-Crap AI-Hard without a strategy so ya better make one or your screwed-Although its a very well made concept it just lacks some content and AI."
76561197969463951,Recommended,403190,23500869,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Sir SmokeAlot,"I love this game. It's so addictive, especially when you finally get it to create a self-supplying infrastructure for the first time :) At some times I miss the ability of controlling the settler's tasks because they are not the brightest stars in the universe. All in all this game entertains me a lot and I would recommend it to all of my friends :) 9/10"
,Recommended,403190,23382632,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Viro.Karma,Banished is the fantasy comparable. i think banished was a quiet a bit better quality (more polish). this game is however pretty pimp and actually a bit challenging. worth every penny because you'll feel like playing this game 10-20 years from now it's a timeless classic.
76561198255802756,Recommended,403190,23411096,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,meljane84,"Love this game! Easy to play, challenging senarios. Keeps me coming back for more!"
,Recommended,403190,23408803,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,mlbane,"There was a slight learning curve in the beginning, but after you figure out how to keep everyone alive it's a real fun game to play."
,Recommended,403190,23269346,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Catastrophology,"I like this game, fun for some times back and forth. As my 2nd round of playing this game, it would be nice if we could take over a colonist to do some work around the base. It would also be nice if we could see how many buildings (of each type we have) or number of items (beds, meal makers). Just some suggestions."
76561198056173457,Recommended,403190,23257998,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,evant999,"Fun game, started playing yesterday....needs an option to re-class workers...perhaps a engineer to a biologist so when a asteriod kills all of my biologist  my colony wont starve, overall fun game."
76561198034182295,Recommended,403190,23256842,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,dall77,"If you like banished or sim city, this is the game for you. If you are new to rts, it will take you a few hours to get used to balancing your resources, but if your used to rts, I would suggest moving fast from the first planet to the storm planet. I enjoyed the challenges, and but overall I would rate this a relaxed rts game. I give it 9/10. My biggest issue is the pathing of the citzens/robots, and how some of my citizens starved to death loading a trade ship instead of grabbing meals. The meals were their, but they waited so long for an airlock (when trading in bulk), that they would die waiting around."
76561197961021554,Recommended,403190,23243725,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,jimbert,The game is fun at first but lacks complexity in the mid to late game. Not bad for 20 bucks but don't expect to be playing this game for weeks.
76561197979942904,Recommended,403190,23252389,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,rednansa,"Plenty of things to optimise and figure out, all mildly challenging; it's a more casual base building management game. It's a bit lacking in control over the AI (see next paragraph) and has no story. It's entertaining long enough to be worth the money.There is no base planning mode and you cannot pause construction, while getting your base design right without planning is hard; it will work, but it will contain errors that are costly to undo. While you can prioritise a building, it doesn't always work, e.g. bioplastic is not taken to a prioritised lab while a non-prioritised construction is being built (turn on yellow alarm to work around it, or don't plan ahead).There are a lot of artificial constraints, some make the game more challenging, some just don't make any sense, e.g. in order to build a wind mill you need to first have built a solar panel. What makes the game more challenging is that your whole base needs to be connected. Connections cannot bend and have a min and max length.The UI is good, though the top left build menu could have been replaced by circle navigation menus or a hotkeyed popup in the center of the screen to reduce mouse travel.The AI is good enough, it works well, you just have to accept that colonists are selfish shortsighted beings. If there is one meal left, a colonist may starve because another colonist with 20% hunger felt like having a meal. A colonist may die because his O2 levels dropped too low for him to feel like doing any work while he would have lived if he simply had finished the O2 generator he was building. In some regards your colonists are just plain stupid for the sake of adding a little challenge, e.g. when there is a sandstorm, your colonists will continue working outside even though they are losing health; they need you to sound an alarm (which requires a control center) to realise they probably shouldn't work in a sandstorm.As you play the game, you'll find out some buildings should never be used or some things are best bought through trade instead of built yourself. This is alright, having every element in the game have its use in one or more situations is better.Replayability is low. Once you've got it figured out, it will become grindy. But it takes long enough to figure it out to make it worth 10 euros if you're a cheapskate. It's worth the 20 euros (about 1 euro / hour of fun).I have listed mostly the negative bits, see other reviews for the positive."
,Recommended,403190,23427951,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,jdcollins1,"Addicting game, after you make it past survival balance is the issue.  After you get metal going good just keep pushing up the energy, I prefer double production.  Also enough windmills to cover yourself during a sandstorm also helps."
76561198126705759,Recommended,403190,23387798,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Wiktor K,Love it.Please add toilets for more sense though and please add aliens :3.
,Recommended,403190,23357004,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,iron lung,epic game just needs morei would love to see it become more open & have more build options & planetsmaybe even a different species or completly cyborg colonysthis game is just brimming with potential :) 5 stars for concept :)
76561198039484767,Recommended,403190,23216161,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Evilmind21,"WELL, I'm embarassed as all hell. Forget  what I said before"
76561198021541361,Recommended,403190,23220798,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Belqin,"Fun base builder, different planets/difficulties withtheir own unique challenges to overcome.Set up your moon base, gather resources and process them, build robots, sell your excess to traders, acquire new technologies. Make sure to manage your resources as well as power, water and oxygen. Oh and watch out for the odd intruder, make sure your guards are armed :)"
76561198069647397,Recommended,403190,21030787,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,ImBa.gHaDE,"YOUR POPULUS WILL STARVE THEMSELVES TO DEATH.The bigger your colony is - the longer your biologists will take to get to their job, That means they will walk more and work less. As they walk, they get hungry. If they work less your plants won't produce food. If there's no food then gg. This is very problematic at a populus greater than 50.You don't have control as to where they sleep so they could sleep to the dorm farthest to where your bio-dome is. This is problematic in the late game.All in all this game is still really fun. Hopefully that gets fixed."
,Recommended,403190,20921255,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,The True Mr. Gustavo,Happily playing this game when urgent message appears: You are running out food! 5 minutes later: You are out of food! 5 minutes later: No wind at all and it stays like that all night long. I swear that when my colonists are starving the game stops the wind. But that's just me! (I failed that base and it was called Base Food.)
76561198034099014,Recommended,403190,20928164,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,turbulance4,"Marginally positive. I really enjoyed playing this game. It does, however, lack content and replay-ability. I played on all three planets but I just wish there was some more too it. A few more structures and crafting trees.  A few tech trees maybe. Some different environmental factors to deal with perhaps."
76561197968851191,Recommended,403190,20984532,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,RedPoptarts,"Excellent space themed city builder / strategy game.The real world difficulties of survival in space provide the perfect balance between frustration when one mistake causes everyone to die, and the reward of learning how to avoid that situation in the future.The premise is simple, but it still provides hours and hours of fun."
76561198007644084,Recommended,403190,20994859,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,hillbilly1478522000,this is a fun game and you will waste a  lot of time playing it.    I wish there was more content to keep us interested for longer but hopefully that will come in time
,Recommended,403190,21007883,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,TheShadowReaper8,Planetbase is an fun game but there need some update for it frist- try add in click on an repair so your stuff wont die that easythat was my complaint is for the game soi will tell you this if you buy the game it fun but be smart about this game it fun just play around withif you but for no reason then you will just bought this game for an down rate commentanyway have an good time in this game
,Not Recommended,403190,20172620,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,H8DZs,"Game 1 - Everyone died before making in to the first air lock....  of suffocation.Game 2 - Got to around 15 people who signed up for a one way trip to the red planet, fighting power issues the entire time.  Eventually ran out of food, everyone dead.Game 3 - Got to 55 ""right stuff"" guys.  Made 1 wrong decision on what order to build things.  Ran out of power, everyone suffocated to deathGame 4 - Got to 30 people who were not long for this world.  Ran out of spare parts, then everything broke down, and could no longer provide power.  Cause of death, starvation and O2 deprevation.7/10 for being so damn hard.Rule #1 - The slightest change, or misstep will end your entire colony.A little background - when I saw everyone complaining about how difficult Banished was, I had to check it out.  Great game, but not too difficult.  I play the Adam and Eve scenario on Hard difficulty and can usually do it without losing a single person to cold or hunger.  PB doesnot have difficulty modes.  Instead you start on Mars which is the easy planet and complete achevements to get to the more difficult planets.  For whatever reason, I can't last for more than a few years in PB.Pros:Stable game - no crashes yet.Fun and very challenging.Cons:Graphics are meh...   WOuld like to see more animations from equipment and robots.AI is  HORRIBLE!!!Once you place a piece of gear, you cannot rearrange the room - it is there forever.  The only way to rearrange is to remove the room and start over.  However, if that room is not at the very end of your chain of rooms, you will have to remove ALL rooms backwards until you get to it. This is impossible due to Rule #1.Once you place a room, you cannot upgrade the size - so again you would need to remove all rooms after that room, delete it and rebuild it.  See Rule #1.It takes WAY too long to generate food, and likewise everything else you produce.You can't really set priorities on the things that are necessary.  For instance, if I have 2 spare parts, but my queue is set for 5 - however, I am running out of O2, the space idiots will take the metal that I just created and put it in the machine to create spare parts EVERY TIME, regardless of priority, or urgent need of the space station.Idle nauts will stay idle even if they have nothing wrong.  The station could be minutes away from losing power but they will just stand right by the metal producer."
76561198072602140,Not Recommended,403190,18521005,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Multipass,"After playing for 11 hours and doing all 3 planets I must say i'm a little bored, However For $20 its a great buy and you'll def get your moneys worth before you run out of things to do.Edit: Looks like the Devs have left the game to die, buyer beware"
76561198030937200,Recommended,403190,21026416,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Robotfungus,"Devs done well with this , needs more domes and stuff late game."
,Recommended,403190,19936010,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,ᴺʸˣᵒˡᵃˢ ᶜᵃᵍᵉ,"Manage and build a space settlement, ♥♥♥♥ meteors"
,Recommended,403190,19968966,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Commander William T. Riker,"If you like Banished, you'll LOVE this game."
76561197973176861,Recommended,403190,19948987,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Geoffubazi,"The game is good. Like others have said - It is a ton of fun, but the fun wears off about... well, I guess about 20-30 hours) in.It is Fairly difficult, requires far too many Power / Water Structures, AI pathing is bad, and the replay value is really low.For the price though, and for a couple play throughs, its probably worth the money."
,Recommended,403190,19985216,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,threepm,"Highly addictive and very challenging game play.  However, as noted by some once you get the hang of it things get pretty samey-same-same.  I am hoping for some DLC to enhance the gameplay.  But regardless....this is a must have. Worth full price and definitely worth it at a sale price."
76561198030544033,Recommended,403190,19980970,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Noonga,"Game is a good general idea in its genre of a colony survival game on mars, nice graphics, good gameplay, hours can be put into it. But so many dumb ♥♥♥♥en coons just doing the wrong things AI can do. The AI can be buggy some times. 6/10 us coons never should go on mars."
,Recommended,403190,19983365,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Butterking448,this is a very fun game
76561198100520266,Recommended,403190,20011846,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,supremecommander,"This game is pretty fun. to anyone having trouble, just keep practicing and keep building colonies until you are able to have a successful colony"
76561198092112532,Recommended,403190,19976589,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Kerjakk,"If you liked Banished, but wanted something a bit easier and sci-fi; I highly recommend this game.The learning curve isn't overly difficult but can be unforgiving if you make a wrong decision. Once you've figured out the game though it's pretty straight forward.The beginning is always the hardest since you're fighting time against your initial recruits and resources but evens out once you have the essentials down.Towards the end of your achieveables in the maps, it can be a bit of a grind. Once you're at 100 recuits and are aiming to shoot for 300, it's more of the same, but you constantly have to be monitoring your resources otherwise you'll have a dead colony in no time.Problems I have with the game:The module placement is very sensitive, particularly for placing beds. You must be very precise with the placement (within a pixel of each other) to get the most bunks in a module, which is a little tiresome.Bugged TV placement. Some modules you can place the TVs right where you want them to, others wont let you place any at all, reguardless of having enough room for it. Also, some modules allow you to clip TVs together, allowing stacking of much more TV's than you're able to fit in a module.AI pathing/prioritization.  It seems that conditions need to be optimal for recuits to work at a particular module or building in order for work to get done. For example, you will have a engineer work on a building and will complete the building, but fail to build the connection required for it to function. It seems the recruits refuse for the o2 levels in thier suits to fall below green levels and will idle or take care of thier own stats before building again.All quirks aside, this game is really enjoyable and while it may not contain the depth of other games of this genre, it has a particular charm to it that can really make the hours in your day melt away."
76561198097300942,Recommended,403190,30503612,Posted: 14 March,all,Claudius,Game is great.
76561197963327201,Recommended,403190,19991356,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Jhyrok,"It's a wonderful game. Just you Vs your ability to manage your resources.But as all alphas it need some serious balancing.You can go from a thriving colony to a complete disaster in 2 min flat. Its still in Alpha but its a great challenge to play, looking forward to updates, keep them rolling out guys :D"
76561197973036173,Recommended,403190,20341315,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,m0nkeyb0y,"This game is pretty similar to the game Outpost by Sierra. If you liked that game from back in the day, you will probably love this title."
,Recommended,403190,24900099,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,NateinMpls,"I enjoy Planetbase.  It reminds me a little of Banished.  At times the AI seems a little strange, however I made tons of carry bots and they seem to keep the food makers full.  The first time I played I tried to increase the size of my base too quickly and then everybody died because the food makers were empty and food was sitting around next to the crops.  I'm building slowly now and making sure I have plenty of food in storage and it's working."
,Recommended,403190,24897815,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Zarketh,For what it is it's a great game.
76561198072475762,Recommended,403190,24865174,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Hells Angel,I definetely enjoy the game to a certain extent it does have a lacking if things and some objectives arent obtainable due to oxygen constraints maybe a bug I dont know but overall the game is fun and addicting just need more work on the ai and the mineral system the mines are quite slow unless you prioritize them and many things are ignored when they are priortized and the wind is the worst and i mean the worst it is extremely bipolar on the beginning planets it causes so many problems early game needs to be looked at and fixed but it is a great game I love to play it but needs more content and something to work to thats not more difficult planets.
76561198040773288,Recommended,403190,30769053,Posted: 27 March,all,tumblew88d,"A fun little alien ant farm, with great replay value!Designing your colony is a compelling and complex task, with not only the layout of the base being pivotal, but also the time your colonists spend on certain tasks (like loading trade ships), can affect the life and death of your colony!Plus, it's cheaper and less demanding on the hardware of your pc!Good for whiling away many lazy afternoons!"
76561198036164983,Recommended,403190,19551329,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,nickandjess2008,"I have 110 hours playing this game and STILL have yet to get 50 people into a single place.  Its fun, dont get me wrong, but,  I feel like the AI is just wayyyyyyy too dumb.  I build a processing plant and the workers just run right trrough it.  I build a place to grow food and the biologists walk through it and go outside to get one of the meals outside untill their gone and then wonder around till they die.  They seem to use up the resources that you start with and then wonder around or sleeo until they die.  I don't know if i just totally suck at the game or the AI is just letting me down EVERY single time, which doesnt sound right. I keep playing though, its like walking into the same wall over and over again for me....yet, dtill i try.....Update: I finally got a colony started and played around with it for another couple hundred hours and while it was fun, i just wish there was more to do on it. Oh well, maybe in another update."
76561198008969644,Not Recommended,403190,22413726,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,Zardu Haselfrau,It was fun....and then it just became repititious doing the same thing over and over to make the base bigger. How bout add the ability to start terraforming or something.......
,Recommended,403190,22429491,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,ReturnedMoses,WE'VE CONQUERED THE UNIVERSE
76561198124992321,Recommended,403190,22418477,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,HeadHunter,"-Called my colony Base Wayne-Almost ♥♥♥♥ed myself up with resources by making things too big-Everyone almost died of hunger, oxygen, and broken bones-Base gets bigger-Gets attacked by intruders-Michael Sophorio dies-RIP-Gets Guards-Make Guns-Everytime when a intruder tries invading first thing they get is a shot to the faceLove this Game"
,Recommended,403190,22869930,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Zek'Aonar,"For its charm, this is one of my personal favorites in the survival/city builder genre. It's certainly no Cities: Skylines, but its small-scale nature means that player decisions receive almost immediate feedback and that is perhaps what I love most about Planetbase. The slightest alteration to your production chain can mean all the difference for your colony, for better or for worse.My only real complaint is that there isn't an option to truly customize each colonist's AI behavior, as each colonist is permanently classed as either a Worker, Medic, Biologist or Engineer. I understand that it unit classes are a vital part of the game design, meant to add a layer of tactical depth, but the ability to 're-spec' at least would be helpful, because colonists cannot be produced on demand -- you have to build a landing pad and wait for them to arrive on random chance.Also, I was at first very apprehensive to the map layouts, which basically force you to keep the shape of your base quite narrow, but I ultimately came to appreciate the level of challenge it presents, as you really have to plan ahead for where that next building will be. I still think it would be very neat if there were an option to build up in addition to building out however. That said, don't expect to be able to build full-sized sci-fi metropolises. It's important to understand that this is a small-scale tactical builder with a micro-management focus. If that's your thing, I recommend."
76561198142799366,Recommended,403190,22723385,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,arboughton,"Excellent game overall. Very creative, smoothly built and excellently balanced for a very realistic challenging experience.ProsGreat simulator,Great dificulty levels, each planet has its own chalenges and dificulties.Extremely fun and engaging.Great music!ConsNeeds better status indicators, and data visualization. Needs views to see colonist status, average consumption versus production over time of resurces, etc.Cannot micromanage."
76561198073279093,Not Recommended,403190,20838933,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,benalvarez,I loved this game other them then the AI sucking really bad they would rather starve themselves while loading a trading ship. fix your AI and next time use your common sense because im sure you didnt starve yourself for how ever long it took to make your game.  Also needs more content thats why i dont recommend buying a game thats worth $5
76561198027274590,Not Recommended,403190,22190094,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Foju,"Played around 15 hours, it's pretty easy and the gameplay is not lengthy, once you have the right amount of Colonist and proccesing plants, the rest are easy.i played for a full day, and i pretty much felt like i have seen everything the game has to offer.."
,Recommended,403190,22743389,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Hong Kong Journalists,"This game reminds me of the Sim City Build I played on my phone, but rather, there are so many coincidences ruing your entire colony and penalties for your wrong dicisions. Keeping the fragile balance is the core of this game, and it's fun and challenging, despite the boredom in the late game."
76561198017083877,Not Recommended,403190,19746906,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Hideous,This is actually pretty awful. Very shallow and not very well balanced.
76561198171676659,Recommended,403190,22713505,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,[MLG] Johnsp,The game is very fun but it is a pet peave of mine that workers leave items left 98% done
,Recommended,403190,22728854,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,rurumeto,"This is a very good game. I'd Give it 7/10 stars. It is very fun, but quite hard at first.I remember landing, setting up my canteen, getting power and water, building a landing pad to allow colonists in. Then ten minutes later wondering why my one meal maker can't feed 30 colonists.My main problem with this game is that you can only build one building. It would make more sense to be able to make different buildings as this would mean you can have seperate power grids. Good game anyway."
76561198098398610,Recommended,403190,22691918,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,GamesFrontline,"The game is much better now, it worth the money! Stop Reading that♥♥♥♥♥♥and Buy it!"
76561197984920082,Recommended,403190,20894586,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,Feldheld,"A nice game, with some major flaws.If you have hours and hours to waste to wait for the stupid ""AI"" to bring your plans to effect then this might be the game for you. Believe me, you will be hooked for hours without end. I like the music, the graphics are cute.At the moment, however, there is actually nothing you could call an AI as in artificial intelligence. In truth, the tasks you order your population to perform are more or less randomly assigned to the available units, as well as the pathes they walk. You will often witness several of your construction units idling around close to a construction site while the task to build goes to the worst possible choice: some engineer who is on the opposite side of the base and low on nutrition and oxygen.A regular occurrence is an engineer carrying the last needed material item to a building, then walking away instead of just building it. Another construction unit arrives half a minute later to construct the building but again walks off and leaves the construction of the connection to another unit, probably the engineer that carried the last material to the site in the first place. So it is  a matter of pure luck if building a desperately needed oxygen generator or water extractor takes a minute or five minutes (bringing your base to the brink of extinction).On top of that the pathing is also just randomly generated. If you got 5 airlocks to leave the base you will often witness your little people chose the worst possible way to move to a target location. Indeed Ive seen people die of lack of oxygen after passing 3 airlocks in a row because the ""AI"" ordered them to take the detour through the 4th airlock for no good reason at all.The worst effect of this random number generated instead of intelligent and efficience based task and pathing assignment code is however that all progress gets incredibly slow. All your plans take an eternity to show some effect. And it gets worse with the growing size of the base and the population. Adding a new solar panel to a 100 building base takes much much longer than the same task on a 20 building base. On top of that come the risks of mass starvations and the likes, and the only way to avoid these giving everything more leeway ahead, and this means throwing even more patience and time at the game.Planetbase is a waiting game by design, you mostly watch and wait, and sometimes react to certain developments and sometimes give out orders according to your general plan. But the stupid ""AI"" makes the waiting really hard to endure when your base grows larger.Do I regret the purchase? No! It is quite fun for a while if you like the kind of management and planning game. And it is fun to ponder and discuss about the problems of AI design.Would I recommend it? Yes and no. If you dont have much time to play video games, then no. If you have plenty of spare time and dont mind to become badly bored a bit prematurely, then yes."
76561197971228152,Recommended,403190,20883070,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Blackhorse311,"It needs some work, but the base is there, and the concept is fun and intriguing. It is defintely not a ""sure win"" by any means, even on easy. You really do need to manage your very limited resources to continue to build up and start to experience the next stage of the game ( a load of 15 injured miners when I have a 4 bed sick bay and limited medical supplies! YIKES!)It definitely shows it's ""working beta"" face, but it's a fun game in it's present state and I think it will just get better as time goes on."
76561198008914594,Recommended,403190,20296157,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Liberty Jack,This game is everything Banished isn't.  I woudl love to see expansions such as vehicles and maybe traveling between bases on the same planet etc..  Love this... great time sink and great mamangement system.
,Recommended,403190,20156422,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,skullman,- have a good place- meteors hit- everyone dies- 10/10
,Recommended,403190,20288803,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,GibletHead2000,"This game is terrifyingly addictive. It's the game I would have made myself if I'd have made one. I'm a huge fan of The Settlers 2, and this game is like that... But in space. Which is pretty much the best thing ever!If you like The Settlers (back when it was still good) or Banished, you'll love this."
,Recommended,403190,20311723,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,LyrikTech,"Extremely fun and addicting game! Pretty good AI but needs just a few minor improvements. I have gotten every milestone but consolidation, and have over 3 monoliths on one game! Highly recommended and worth your $20"
,Recommended,403190,20598138,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,mindlace,"Planetbase is a rewarding city-in-space sim. Well thought out mechanics and balancing choices make it fun to play - at least through 100 colonists.  Some meta-resources - sleep, happiness - are a little hard to gauge, but zooming in and looking for excessively sad/tired folk (or queues for beds) give you some idea.I hope this does well enough for an expansion pack, but as it is it's well worth buying."
76561198036245725,Not Recommended,403190,20638127,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Phantom X,"Great game overall lots of potential now I'd like developers to consider putting in a sandbox mode so you don't need to worry about resource management or anything like that we can you build your hearts content we can control disasters also we should implement some sort of lockdown featured prevent your colonists entering a certain part of the facility and a  another method for trading that's the only con I have with the game keep working on itEdit: the ai is way too stupid still halfway through my game they just stopped doing anything they need to be assigned stuff you can have control your colonists not to rely on stupid ai they get hungry way too often what almost breaks the game we need the ability to establish colonies elsewhere on the planetI honestly cannot recommend this game to anyone who what's a fun sandbox game I think it's a bug they do not have a true sandbox mode where you can build to your hearts content, the ai way too stupid and there's no ability to to assign your colonists working, the trading method is horrible, you have to the other two planets, I always seem to have a power shortage, the colonists are always hungry and they out right don't do anything, you know good game lots of potential but a lot of work to do to make it a great sandbox builder game"
76561197966610664,Recommended,403190,20701750,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Dayspring,"I think, as long as the game progresses and more content is added then I think it will be great. I think the planets don't have enough variety. Only the weather effects change that I can tell. Plus the 2nd planet is actually easier than the first, Unless I was lucky and just got a good seed with loads of open space. The basics are there, balance is good and you have to constantly juggle. THe AI is great as it is. If the characters got stuck it was normally my fault or something else was wrong. If I were the developers I'd make the progression more defined and content thats unlocked for different planets otherwise theres no point in doing them. It maybe needs a story mode or mission content."
,Recommended,403190,20701947,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,xXxCougshotxXx,"Ok so normally i am totally opposed to purchasing early access games, simple because people dont finish them and i find i typicially waste my money.Well planet base has changed my outlook for early access games,.It is extremely addictive... i havent seen much for gliches as far as game play goes, very smooth and fun to play, cannot wait to see more features added, the potential for this game is basicially limitless, eventually you could probably see planet's with forests and wildlife, who knows!!!, you can do anything with this idea,.reguardlesss i cannot wait to see more updates released, ill stay tuned and continue growing beyond 500 colonists.I have to say tho, they claim the meteor planet is the most difficult. well sorry first time i hit that place i aced it!. actually very easy to play. can't wait for something more challenging!I think you folks should give it a chance."
76561198010313433,Recommended,403190,20692650,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Biggidy Bounce? Biggidy Yes,It's not a matter if if you will lose but when you will lose...and odly enough i'm ok with that
76561198013937275,Not Recommended,403190,20819842,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Sonobyte,"Like some other reviews, my thumbs down is somewhat reluctant, but Steam doesn't offer a neutral option, and I can't honestly go so far as to recommend the game to anyone. That said, I have seen how active the devs are in the community, so maybe some of the issues below will be addressed in future updates to sharpen and refine what I see as a diamond in the rough. I'm going to keep an eye on it because it improves with each update, but it still has a ways to go.I will also say that, given the size of the dev team, the finished product is pretty remarkable. Seriously, for those who don't know, it's a five-person team. However, as much as I admire and support indie developers, in the end its about the game I paid for - not the intentions or desires or goodwill of the team behind it. So, without further ado:First, the good:- This game is gorgeous. The procedurally generated terrain, the textures, and models have a consistent, aesthetically pleasing style. The day/night cycles and sunrises/sunsets really make you feel like you're on an alien world.- UI is clean and uncluttered, making it relatively easy to navigate (though more on that later).- AI is quite realistic and logical once you understand it (also more on that later).- Navigation is easy and smooth (more on that later as well)- The game is efficient. It loads quickly, and I can easily switch between applications if need be.- To an extent, it's realistic in that it sets and plays within its own rules. Some reviewers complained about the inability to choose the starting site and the difficulty of building around the terrain. It didn't bother me because one, this isn't NASA with months of planning to find juuuuust the right site. It's a game, and that's part of the challenge. Two, if you don't like the site, start a new game - it's randomly seeded, so you can get a ""better"" setup if you want.- It's logical and exceedingly detailed. Early on, I found myself initially cursing my colonists for having the audacity to die of dehydration only to realize I hadn't built a water extractor. Even the initial oxygenation of a new dome drawing on nearby domes is a nice touch that adds to the realism.- Early on, it feels like a real challenge or puzzle to solve. Being a puzzle nut, that was quite enjoyable to me (once again, more on that later)- It's stable. No glitches, bugs, or hiccups the whole time I played.- Planetbase is well balanced. No building or component expenditures are too high or low, and build/gather times seem reasonable. It is evident a lot of time went into tweaking the balance. Given Martino Figueroa's experience with Glest (which I played years ago) and his professional resume, this makes sense.- I enjoyed the soundtrack. Especially after a sandstorm, when the dust has settled and all is quiet, I miss that subtle background melody and marvel a little bit at the silence. I'm a fan of classical/orchestral soundtracks myself, and the Howard Shore-esque strings really set the mood for me.And now, the bad, in order from nitpicky to dealbreakers:- Despite the UI being clean, there are a few issues. Why are the symbol building tops and external buildings icons the same? Why go through two clicks to get to building types? There are few enough buttons in the UI that internal or external could stand on their own. Especially late game with hundreds of citizens and dozens of buildings, there is a LOT of clicking. Hotkeys would be a huge help, too.- Intruder events are more nuisance than game element. Either you have armed guards who neutralize them, or you have a lot of dead colonists. It seems like an afterthought that could have been a fun strategy/combat minigame but ended up being rather pedestrian.- Dead-end buildings feel like an artificial limitation, especially with the buildings affected. Living quarters and an infirmary seem like two buildings for which you'd want the MOST access, not the least. It just seems like an arbitrary restriction with no basis in game play or mechanics.- I didn't like the camera controls and fixed angle. The dev's website states basically ""we like it that way,"" but its presence on the FAQ page suggests enough gamers not only noticed, but felt it was bothersome enough to complain. The selected viewing angle made it very difficult to stay on top of my base, especially as it increased in size. I often put the camera on a mountain to get a better look angle.- The lack of tool tips and a less-than-robust help manual. I played for hours before figuring out I didn't have to click EVERY single coin in payment to a trader. Why no mouseover tooltip that says, ""Single click for one coin. Click and hold for multiple."" Or a text entry box. Or a slider. Or a clickable numpad.- Bad or no explanations for game elements. Beyond the tutorial, I had to go to the dev's website and forums to figure a lot of things out. The help file is a weird wiki-like collection of branched links with no search and no directory or alphabetical listing of ALL entries. Why is my dorm running out of oxygen? Oh, it's because of the high number of occupants. Sounds reasonable, but I shouldn't have had to go to online forums to figure that out. Why is that not splashed on the dorm status box? Are trees useful? I still don't know. They produce O2 during the day and consume it at night. Cool - how does that help or hurt me? What about ""Tech Required"" for building constructor bots? You figure it out eventually, but how much more difficult would it be to have ""Unlock this tech by buying the patent from a trader"" in the popup instead of ""Tech required."" It's not even consistent terminology. At first I thought Tech and Patents were TWO components needed to build bots.- AI priorities are completely invisible to the player, so there is no way to know why the AI is doing something at any one time. Critical status means the citizen refuses to work. Makes sense, but tell me that when I click on the guy. ""Hingle McKringleberry refuses to work because he is hungry."" Okay, that makes sense, but again, I shouldn't have to go to outside resources to understand it.- Why are my citizens unhappy? Citizens that are fed, rested, hydrated, doing their assigned work, lots of bots, staring at plants, etc., have red frowny faces. I'd love to help...if I knew how. Same for welfare. You can watch the stats window bounce from Poor to Excellent to Decent three times in three seconds with absolutely no indication as to why it's changing.- And last but not least, the harsh truth: as it stands, even if all of the above were fixed, the game dulls very quickly. Once you understand the (pretty easy) balance among food, O2, water, power, resources, etc., the game quickly becomes building for the sake of building and goes on autopilot. I was browsing Slashdot on one monitor and keeping half an eye on my base on the other. As many others have commented, there's just not much to do. Sure there are ""milestones,"" but they are what you would naturally encounter as you progress. How about timed trials? You have X resources to build Y buildings in Z time, and you get a star rating for how close you come to the goal. What about a campaign mode? You are building across worlds and have to deal with the elements, intruders, limited resources or unavailable buildings, and unhappy citizens all against the backdrop of an engaging storyline. Heck, I'm a writer - if Madruga's hiring, I'll freelance the story. Even then, there needs to be more variety, either with real objectives, challenges, scenarios, leaderboards, etc.In closing, Planetside is 80% of a great game. It is well-balanced and  decently designed, but it lacks the polish and conflict or sense of accomplishment that makes a player keep coming back for more."
76561198025111262,Recommended,403190,20821794,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,archer,"A game that is both simple, elegant, not too easy, and trigger the ""just a few things and I'll go to bed after"" syndrome. Plus on Mac OSX now."
,Recommended,403190,20709082,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Mechman,It's a fun base management game. I've lost many good men and women because I didn't manage my power properly.
76561198208618412,Recommended,403190,20775277,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,TomNZ,"Awesome game. Addictive as hell! It can be very challenging, but overall, a brilliant game. I can't wait to see how it develops."
76561198057563545,Recommended,403190,20811579,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Xorha,Banished on Mars - love it.
76561197990475407,Recommended,403190,20800779,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,darkorange,"Planetbase is good but it is a game easy to pickup but very hard to master.If you like management, Planetbase is for you.Placement of structures is very important. The AI is not bad all. You need to carefully plan and organise well.Planetbase is a thinkers game. It trains you to solve problems and at the same time have alot of fun managing a base."
76561198168555031,Recommended,403190,20796375,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Ferrio_G,"I'll try to keep this review brief.The game is a LOT fun and completely worth the money spent.  There are hiccups within the game though that will make you scratch your head and think ""WTF""... but then you reload your save and do things slightly diffierently and the fun resumes...Issues to make you Scratch and curse for a bit (becomes ever more eveident as your progress to more difficult levels):1) Build Prioritization Issues -> If you need to build an air lock because your starting crew is running severly low on O2, then you only have an air lock queued to build on your map.  If you want that Canteen to be built next, you must wait to build it after the airlock has been built, and connected, failing to do so will result of resource share issues and Engineering priority issues (ie: Build a water fountain that has all resources at desired location, and build canteen... Canteen is built first, crew dies of dehydration, Engineer is now too thirst to assemble the fountain.. need to restart level2) Medical Prioritaization Issues -> There is no Triage.  Example, you have 1 member of staff with a broken bone and 1 member with radiation poisioning, and only 1 medical supply to treat both.  Game will randomly choose which gets healed... in my situation, my radiation poisioned man died because the doc treated the broken arm... I'd have liked to have the radiation cured (who was my only engineer at the time) and the let the broken arm guy suffer some more until my next med supply was ready3) Bot prioritization -> I had 1 mine and 12 driller bots.  When I randomly checked the mine, the mine would be full of REAL workers vs bots... which were just casually rolling about my base...Again, these aren't deal breakers, but become ever more noticble as the game progresses in difficulty... Still, I'd recomend this game as it's a LOT of fun.  I'm at 67 hrs and counting."
76561198046647663,Not Recommended,403190,20800873,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Lobo,"Utterly pointless. Disappointing AI, to the point of disbelief as to how many different ways the idiots you call your crew will find to die. And all within a few minutes, for example: you're one minute too late to install water vendors in the canteen (because the robots are building something else), and the idiots die of dehydration. Mind you, I'm a strategy veteran, but this has really put a toll on my nerves.Recommended only for people with specific psychological disorders. Alternatively, it'd be better to go out in your garden, collect a few ants and build an ant farm, much more fun."
76561198053658706,Recommended,403190,20566810,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,GMan1911,"Plays fantastic. Complaints? None yet. AI is chugging along with minimal guidance. Maybe the early AI complaints were corrected?And some didn't like having to carefully set up the base layout. Well, that's the whole game isn't it? That and resource management. Take your first try as a loss, learn a lot, and try again. Your second base should be humming. And do the tutorial, it's ten minutes.Oh yes: Beautiful graphics. Low system requirements. You will definitely get your money's worth at $20, that's for sure. How many hours of entertainment is enough? And updates are released often making it better and better.Even works on my old Mac laptop. What more can I ask for?"
76561197982279268,Recommended,403190,20532073,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,theazninvasion68,TL;DR Matt Damon space base simulator.9/10 does a good job and the bug fixes over time really fixed the launch problems intitally.Worth your money.
76561198004058440,Recommended,403190,20450209,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,[UnReal] Sathuros,"I just got tired of the childish problems as the AI stop doing their assignments just to fill their own needs. The needs combined with lack of pathways causes the game itself to fail almost at an instant.I had a trade ship which I bought severeal food products from for some medical supply. The colonists started to go down from 20 without even touch the supplies, They just wandered of to get some sleep or watch tv and ignored getting their hands of the food I just bought.Devs, fix the AI for god sake because it ruins all the fun and making any effort worthless!Edit: After todays patch 14/1-16, Planetbase now works like a charm! The AI has been really improved and are now working much more efficient. Even the food machines are working more efficient and makes it a little easier. I strongly recommend to try it out."
,Recommended,403190,20815079,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,stricker917,I  like this game i have logged on several hours in this game but one thing i dislike about this game is the people are so pointless. Most of the time because they never do there jobs and every base i try to build fails because of it. i have tried building over 100 bases and all have failed.
76561197978311249,Recommended,403190,20815149,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,longbow,awesome
76561198257996239,Recommended,403190,21693419,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,SpaceCore47,"I love it! It makes you work for your goals. The concepts are hard to understand at first, but that's nothing a quick youtube video can't fix! I RECOMMEND this game!"
76561198096324952,Recommended,403190,21861373,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,michaelcrane1974,"Love the challenge at the beginning of this game. But once you get established it gets alot easier just rinse and repeat. Playing the beta,the storm planet lives up to its' nickname. I've made it to 100 colonists one time so far on the storm planet. Love the challenge! Would definitely recommend to anyone that likes this type of game."
76561198144365651,Recommended,403190,21880695,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Eden ☯,"Extreamly fun an addicting, love building a massive base and reaching all the milestones, i only wish that each milestone only counted twards the next planet rather then the entire system"
76561198132194347,Recommended,403190,20885278,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,srhenning323,"My Review:""Planetbase"" is a management and strategy game where you are tasked with building a self sustaining colony on a hostile planet. The game requires you to balance resources like food, water, oxygen, and electricity. You start the game right after your ship lands and have to start building immediately or your colonist will die. The game can be hard to learn at first especially because there is little room for error in the beginning. The game dose come with a excellent tutorial which I recommend playing first. I personally found this game very fun but, it's not a casual or easy. This game requires patience and thinking, and micromanagement if you don't want to think, don't play this game.Closing Statement:Planetbase is a fun, difficult, strategy, and management game where you have to micromanage a colony on a hostile planet, I found it enjoyable but it's not for everyone.The Verdict:Buy this game if you like this type of gameSee More reviews athttp://samsgamesreview.blogspot.com"
,Recommended,403190,21695214,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Dimitrov™,"For anyone that likes a fun game that challenges critical thinking and planning, this would be the game for you. Definitely worth the money, I find myself constantly restarting the game, just to see what else I can do. Some advice for new players would be to set up all of the basics, and immediately start making spares... You run out of energy very quickly when you try to expand too quickly. Also.. Keep your food up. Play on!"
76561198078688153,Recommended,403190,21657884,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,benjieboi8730,"I absolutely love this game.  If I had to nitpick on the details of this game to find something negative, then I would say that it is hard to get some of the achievements due to the mountains and not being able to tunnel through them or get rid of them through mining.  There is nothing else negative that I can say about this game, it has peeked my interest and kept my interest (which is hard for a game to do anymore).  So, from me...I give this game 2 thumbs up!I do hope they come out with new buildings or features at some point in the future though. :D"
,Recommended,403190,21682875,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Abhorrent,Well paid 50hrs
76561198061251358,Recommended,403190,18542129,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Steinawitz,Developers have put alot of work in frequent updates that have added balance to the game. This game has continued to grow for the better and I definitally reccomend.
,Not Recommended,403190,21893518,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,Kaylem Styx,"All I have to say is that the so called ""AI"" of the colonists... Is non-exsistant. You tell them to prioratise something and they just ignore it... Need something building that may end up being needed otherwise you'll die? Nope lets do something else...    The AI doesn't work correctly and I understand that they furfill their needs.. But why put a tab to prioratise something when they won't take notice?"
76561197998854420,Recommended,403190,21794934,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,The Dandy Lion,"A very addictive space base/city builder. Although I believe it still lacks a bit of content/customization, I absolutely adore it.  Much recommended if you enjoy watching ants work."
,Recommended,403190,21797756,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Fearghal,Has a lot of potential. Quite buggy and the colonists are very stupid but hopefully over time that will change as updates are rolled out. Looking forward to seeing where this goes.
76561198072521484,Recommended,403190,21822514,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Flying comrade #1,Can you guys make multiplayer or coop? The game is good but atleast make more planets or stuff to do. Otherwise its just doing the same over and over again on diferent planets.(:
,Recommended,403190,30729369,Posted: 25 March,all,gs.cz Garlin,"Nice game, i realy enjoy it. Engineer logic: I can make this spares and we all survive, or i can go eat drink sleep first. HMMMM hard choice, I prefer to let everyone die !!!"
76561197993238148,Recommended,403190,21846508,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,t30_97,"i like it need more to do, like mine iron or what ever ,  or digging in the planet"
76561198321829762,Recommended,403190,25684288,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,warcon607,"Only a few hours into this game and enjoying it. Runs well with Win 10, graphics are well done, music not annoying. Take Banished put it in space and you got the gist of this. That said in addition to managing food, shelter, building materials, a few more things to juggle. Air, electricity, water, yup your in space and run out of these you and yours are dead! Throw in some errant space debris that may crash into a key building and you may be dead. Game talks about weapons building and invaders but  not that far along yet. Tutorial is easy well thought out but unless you got a great memory write down  how to start  with key structures., my first start we were all dead in short time, next time made it a lot longer until I ran out of building materials which caused the inablitity to make more food, water etc. So plan ahead and like many city, colony building games don't over build and have a plan. All in all thumbs up. Will see how the rest of the game plays out and hope we all don't die too often getting there."
76561198199821974,Recommended,403190,24138138,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,supremethor,This game did not work under OS X on my 2009 MacBook Pro. I had to use Boot Camp.
,Recommended,403190,19988540,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,kelmenwong,buy it if it's on sales
,Recommended,403190,22623297,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Crunch O'Malley,"Planetbase is a base builder on uncolonized planets. Sims in space without the need to tell them what to do.  They do it all for themselves.  You just have to provide the resources.The game has a lot of great things going for it like beautiful graphics, an AI that isn't an idiot, controls that are easy to master, and a simple way of doing things.The downside is that after I have a base and everything built I've gotten kind of tired of it.  Doesn't mean it's not fun to play it's just now all there is left to do is work toward acheivements.Give the game a shot.  You'll like it.Review 9/10I'd buy it again."
76561198066172560,Recommended,403190,22989934,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Boss Hog,"Very Fun Game, after a while can get a tiny bit boring, but overall, very fun, would reccomend."
,Recommended,403190,22251023,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Spooky Meowt,"The games fun, but the A.I is god-forsakenly stupid""what do you mean? should the A.I be somewhat decent?"" noheres and example:when my base ran out of food, everyone was starvingbut appearently some colonists favor unecessary sleep over lifebecause thats what happenedmy base nearly died because some A.I favored to sleep rather than to eatbut thats the only glaring detail in this game,its fun to see your base rise up from a lander and an airlock to a massive space city"
76561198066045036,Recommended,403190,18558805,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Ron Jeremy,"Update 2016/03/30:Was thinking about this game at work today and wanted to see where the dev took it and was impressed. This game has had a massive overhaul and is everything it claims to be. The dev is still releasing updates for the game and you can tell they care about their game.UPDATE 2015/12/06:So I was asked to take a look at the game again by the dev and update my review and I can say that I was pleasantly surprised. All of the previous grumblings I had with the game are gone. If you are looking for a base building resource management game than I definitely recommend this!Old Review (kept for context):So I played this for about 5.5 hours and it was really fun up until you start to sit there and just wait for the AI to make new resources. I caught myself surfing the internet while I waited for resources to be built. There is no control over what items the AI decides to make so you have 3 things waiting on bioplastic which is sitting at 89%  completed and the workers go in and start making metal. What?? You have to micromanage what they build by prioritizing the room and disabling the machines you do not want them to use. You spend a lot of time keeping everything stable then you figure its time to expand and when you do it steals all the bioplastics and metal from other essential areas to build new places so while you wait for a building to be built the rest of your base essentially shuts down. The alternative is to get the resources first but then you have to wait a real world hour for the AI to decide to stock up on stuff. It was cool for a while but I doubt I will ever come back to this game which I have nicknamed ""Waiting Simulator 2015."""
,Recommended,403190,22577870,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,benmerry,This game is awesome.
76561198157509544,Recommended,403190,22483660,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,X2 Ezy Animations,"I wish that there was like a cheat/developer part of the game, so if we're not good at maintaining metal, or bioplastic, we can enable a cheat mode on the main menu, and play with that.The reason I ask for this is because games like: KSP, Software Inc., Rimworld and other games have this. I'd also like a cheat menu where you can decide the time in-between colonists arriving, cause i have like 1 of every type of colonists, and no prisine, so i cant make anything to survive.But otherwise, Great game! I'm so into Science Fiction games, and overall space."
76561198282021822,Recommended,403190,23032902,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,AwesomeSauce55,"I love the game and its awesome but i wish there was more tiny animationslike the ore being taken in by the Metal Processor and the starch being grabed into the Bio Plastic processor and the veggies growing over time while the % goes up.overall its a amazing and awesome game, (I wish i had a better PC to enjoy it even more). I whould highly recommend this game."
76561197987771876,Recommended,403190,23032960,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,EEstudent,"A whopping 12 hours in and I can see how this will get repetitive. That doesn't mean it isn't fun. Something quite enjoyable about expanding at the right rate. Monitoring your base vitals and prepping for armed intruders. Don't worry you have just enough time to get a contriol station and some armed guards before the fun starts. I would definitely recomend this game. As many have said there is a lot of room for more structures for extended game play. Some other mechanics as well could be added/improved but part of the game is figureing out the synergy in what pods go well next to each other to minimize the walk. Then lets no forget the environment. Sometimes that rock formation there in the middle just hoses your entire setup. Hmmm, would be nice to point my astroid blasting lazer cannon at the ground. I can't terra form yet, but this game could go there. I would give it a 4/5, music is great in the backround, visuals are good enough and trust me it doesn't take but one mistep and you will be watching your colonist slowly starve or suffocate to death. You are warned! Plus the price is right and dev is actively supporting!"
,Recommended,403190,23033092,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Greasy Caveman,"Really enjoyable colony building simulator. The gameplay is fun and easy to learn, many different planets and difficulties, and it is being frequently updated. It is interesting to watch your colonists perform their daily routines, and run around the base carrying boxes of supplies."
76561198087702294,Recommended,403190,23027261,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Latt Ice,"Planetbase is a fairly enjoyable game if you like this type of game. I give it 6/10.However, its appeal seems limited on account of the fact that it basically repeats the same building process on planets which, so far, appear little different barring increased difficulty. In other words many people nevertheless find it repetetive.Nevertheless I can recommend this game as being fairly fun to play up until you reach that point."
76561198070967427,Recommended,403190,24153467,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,regalbeagle45,"This game has heaps of promise. I think the AI can be improved...so that people stick to the jobs they are designated as, instead of doing other things that are counterproductive. I like the fact that it takes a lot of thought and creativity to construct a viable base. It's quite a fun game, requiring good strategic thinking and also the ability to think on your feet, making crucial tactical decisions all the time. The Graphics are excellent, the look of the game is awesome, the challenges are often enough to have you tearing your hair out so to speak. 3.5/5 rubber chickens!"
76561198287431575,Recommended,403190,24170613,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,justin130,Awesome game! i look forward to a Planetbase 2
,Recommended,403190,22401524,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,void82,"Good Game, i like it realy bad, the fourth planet is wonderfull and has a fine atmosphere - but where is the WC and the shower room? thats boring me from the first time.♥♥♥♥♥♥bioplastic"
,Recommended,403190,24317942,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,cazsworld,A good sim like space game about making a colony. Very good gameplay and very addcitive. It's a MUST play
76561198101491244,Recommended,403190,24326407,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,kettdoge,"I bought this game in Summersale today and it was a right decision.First game, six hours into it. In a review i read before purchasing the game, a user stated; while playing he lost attention for everything else, and found hiself sitting at his pc in the morning while starting off the afternoon before.Same goes for me. Outreagous!8.5/10 - there may be just a little too less building options, but great game overall."
,Recommended,403190,22544217,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,MrLauriie,"well...let me put this into perspective.I'm currently playing through this game (and sinking good revising time) when i have exams in a few weeks.i read a few reviews before purchase, and i think some people forget how small this game is.. it's not a serious title, and it's only £15..recommend, obviously. what i wouldnt recommend is wasting revising time. unless its on this game...."
76561198001526217,Recommended,403190,22529405,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,d-bales,I love this game  !! Please continue to always work on this project !!
76561198070508833,Recommended,403190,18622242,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,arthur_the_hero,"Let me tell you a few things. This game has a cool concept and it works pretty well. Apart from one thing. The AI. It's so stupid it will starve to death when they are IN the canteen next to the meal maker.They will charge into a standstorm like Matt Watney and won't stop until they are dead or there is no more sandstorm. Nobody builds stuff when its on the edge of the base and just stand around doing nothing. Unless this improves, don't buy this game.Post Review:Getting better. It's good this game is getting support, and if you can endure occasional outbreaks ofdumb AI, then give it a shot."
,Not Recommended,403190,24423593,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,StegosoftGames,"This is very close to being a good game but, ultimately, it isn't. At least not for $20. This is a $10 at best, but realistically, more like $5.Planetbase is a ""dwarf-like"" in that it's similar to Dwarf Fortress. You build modules and fiddle with settings for them, as well as some global settings, to fine tune a colony built from nothing until it's sustainable. And your first few attempts at this are really enjoyable. This is a game about getting over the hump, and doing that is difficult, time-consuming and one of the best experiences I've had playing a game.And then nothing.There is no late game here. You keep building and building until you end up with this giant mess of modules that isn't challenging or interesting to manage. The difficulty of the game is figuring out the right combination of things to build in the right order (and there really are only a few viable combinations) to survive, but after that, it's just a very slow, very boring waiting game. Not to mention messy. You'll feel very arbitrarily limited in what you can build where, so even designing the colony stops being fun before too long.This game would be far better if it just acknowledged what it was good at; creating a self-sustaining colony. Either that needs to be THE goal, and doing so needs to be a much longer, more thoughtful and more difficult process... or there needs to be an actual mid and late game added. Trading routes? Rare minerals? Something?I really did have fun with learning how to get over the hump, but after that, there's hardly any reason to play. This is a game that does one thing very well, and is otherwise fraught with problems. For that reason, it's tough to recommend this.edit: I am aware of challenges. They are wildly insufficient to give this game what it needs for longevity."
,Recommended,403190,24408059,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Scrubbed Blender,"Now, Let me tell you a tale....A tale about..not to long ago. This is the tale of the great Blackout! Now a young colony was settling on a Red planet and things were going well. Population 76 strong and production high (Food production was abit to high but thats not the point). Now this colony was big on wind farming, most of the energy for the colony relied on wind farming and when the wind died we usaully had alot of backup storage to survive till the wind came back but then ""It"" happened! the colony was expanding fast, and to keep up we needed more workers to make basic resources to build, before we had a small landing pad to bring 2 or 3 colonist every once and awhile but it wasnt making the cut anymore, so I became determed to make a mighty starpoint to bring masses and masses of worker to work for the colony but by the end of all this we relised we made a mistake making it. Once we built It drained the energy at a horrific rate and then the blackout happened. for three whole days we had no energy and what made it worse was the fact there was no wind during most of this time so on the fourth day Colonist started passing out due to the fact we lost oxygen and couldnt make any due to the fact we had no energy to make more. that fourth day we lost over half the population and I had to Disable my starpoint.yep morale to the story is dont rely on wind farm's for energy only cause once the wind stops (and it will alot) you have to go thru blackout and if the blackout last more then 2 days then everyone dies.9/10 would have my over half my population die again."
76561198090571719,Recommended,403190,24527537,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Thassadin,"This turned out to be an amazing game. I bought it on sale and seeing it had some good reviews, and I wasnt expecting much. I have played through the first planet, and I can't get enough. I have thoroughly enjoyed myself and love the challenge.  Highly reccomend."
76561198075463921,Recommended,403190,20864682,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,zoiemorrison,I have spent 40 hours playing this game.  I have maxed out all building and upgrades. I still find this game very fun to play.Much easier than Banished. 4.5 out of 5.
76561197969398736,Not Recommended,403190,20793943,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,CodeKiller,"Ok, let be clear, I chose to not recommand this game, even if it has strong ideas, because in fact this game is reaaaaaaaallyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy too slow, so slow it's not fun at all.I mean, after one hour of gameplay you still are trying to just gain some base ressources...I have never seen a sim game so slow...Bad points :-not enough starting ressources (the night is already there when you are still trying to figure where to build your first building, so no power, you manage to build a whole base without even a mine to get ore... when you finaly build one you are at 0 ressources...)-too slow (I guess you did not miss the point earlier), it take (in real time) 2 minutes for the guys to bring ressources to the build spot and 5 sec to build a whole building... WTF ?!?!?! Imagine in real life, it takes 5 month to get concrete but when you have it it take 1 week to build a house...-not enough ""friendly"", hardcore from the first second...-connection between buildings : some buildings allows connection to other buildings but some do not, so sometimes you just build a one way route... good job...-the airlock... OMFG it's the worse thing in the game... imagine a door that you must open and close each time someone want to go in or go out with 5 sec each time... if you have 5 guys wanting to go in or out you will wait 25 sec before everyone has move... (perhaps a bit less, but still in real life the airlock can contain more than a single man...)"
76561198006489992,Recommended,403190,20756952,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,Captain Australia,"Has the potential to be a very good game, but is held back by issues with colonist AI.(They can do some pretty stupid♥♥♥♥♥♥.If you're easily frustrated, try a different title.  The game needs more features as it stands .. right now the main challenge is establishing supply chains that offset the logic/performance problems with the colonists intelligence.Even so, it's pretty, and it's playable, I just wouldnt give it much more than a 6/10 in it's present state.Not for rage-quitters."
76561198079423473,Recommended,403190,20760263,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,grey_aussie,"This game. Is amazing, the AI is actually smart( most of the time) the mechanics are cool the gameplay is fun and it gets really cool when your colony just starts to thrive instead of survive. You get such accomplishment from this game. I'd definetly reccomend you play this if youre interested in colonising a alien Planet."
,Recommended,403190,20760345,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,John,"I have achieved all milestones on all three planets in the game thus far. Overall, the game is pretty good. At first I had issues with the colonists not doing what I expected them to do, and it was quite frustrating because there was no method to directly instruct them to do stuff. After some time playing and figuring it out though, this began to bother me less and less.Pros:Does require some attention and thought to play.Does have some challenges that have to faced.You can spend hours tediously building a planetbase (which was kinda what I wanted).Not terribly stressful to play.Pretty reasonable overall.Cons:After the initial base setup is complete, it does just kinda become tedious. It's no longer really challenge to keep your base going after you have made it self sufficient; so long as you keep expanding power and reasources, nothing much can happen that can be very catastrophic. The challenge diminishes as the base expands.The AI has it's qerks. They're not so bad that the game is unplayable, and once you get used to them, it's not that much of an issue. It still can be annoying though.Structure placement is sizing doesn't always make sense.Improvements that I would like to see made:In-place expansion/upgrades of a structure - It would be nice if I could disable a structure, and be able to upgrade it to a larger version of itself.Flexibilty in room placement - For exterior structures the have the base pad for cheap expansion, I would like something similar for structure connections. Sometimes you really just want a long connection from one part of the base to another, as a shortcut.There are some milestones that don't make sense - For instance on the last planet, to get all of the milestones, you have to collect all of the techonologies. One of those technologies is the giant turbine, which can't be used on that moon. So I have to either trade for or buy it, and it is useless.Visitors - Never allowed them to land, and I don't know what purpose they serve...Research - There should be a method of researching technologies insteading relying on them to show up on a trading vessel.Final thoughts:This game actually has really great potential for future expansion and I'm excited to see what they do with it."
76561197961972443,Recommended,403190,20665941,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,thefinn,"A game most in need of the workshop.Being allowed to mess with the AI wouldn't hurt either.Great game, along the lines of dwarf fortress (far more dumbed down) and has a lot of potential."
,Recommended,403190,18591364,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,iZaphod,"EDIT: ok, this is actually a very challenging game. The AI follows queues very strictly so you must plan ahead, took many tries to get a stable base.Good game!"
76561197999819915,Not Recommended,403190,20653609,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Wrekin,this game would be fun in the colonist would actually work...i build the metal processor but the colonist stand around 99% of the time instead of building the supplies i need to get more structures up.  highly frustrating in its current state
,Recommended,403190,20653249,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,raz0rf0x,"This was fun for as long as it lasted. Once you figure out the system and get the planning down it stops being challenging and interesting almost immedeatly.It's a solid basis for a really good game, but if this is the final product then wait until a sale; it's not worth $20.Kudos to the developers, honestly, but it would have been nice if you had gone further.Edit:I had come to the mistaken conclusion that this game was in its final form. I'm chaning this to a ""Yes, would recommend"" seeing as there's more content to come.To me this is great news and I'm glad to hear it!"
76561198035761512,Recommended,403190,20622725,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,rexy,"It is really fun, but you need to have patience to play, its not one of those fast right into it type of games, but its a great almost like a city builder, but its really fun.  User friendly and fun, and they fixed loads of bugs, which is awesome!"
76561198053552051,Recommended,403190,20695124,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Alphawalrusin,Great game. they add new content at least once a month.
,Recommended,403190,20684653,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Matt,"Lots of fun, quite easy to get addicted to (like I did!) and reminds me of SimCity with The Sims...in SPACEE!"
,Recommended,403190,20157150,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,DontLickThatYeti,"This game is incredible, but before I go on, I need to give you one key word that will help you throughout your time playing:StablilityTo survive in this game your colony needs stability.  You need to become self sustaining, meaning your colony can survive without you touching it for 5-10mins (Excluding Sand Storms and Solar Flares).But stability isn't what you want, you want to expand and grow, become powerful, a force to be reckoned with in terms of pirates. You need to this by expanding slowly but surely, I can't explain this to you, but it is up to you to figure it out.Pros: The entire game is just amazing, it is worth every last cent, I cannot reccomend this game enough.Cons: Ai of your colonists and bots is well... stupid, but there has been a fix and more to come as well.My pro tips: -play slowly (but not too slowly, find your own pace)-as your colony expands, have between 5-15% guards depending on various factors-IMPORTANT: Colonist ships that have visitors come out of them are pirates! Keep an eye out and call the yellow alert ahead of time!-ANOTHER IMPORTANT: When you get distress signals, pay attention to who they are! Miners and whatnot are ok! But fugitives are not!Overall this game is worth it and I cannot reccomend it enough, get it!"
76561198135985059,Recommended,403190,20156431,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,putmetowork,"This game has a lot of things I like, and a lot of things I dislike. I feel like it is a decent first installment of what could be an interesting franchise, if they ever produce a second more complete version.For the price you will get enough hours of entertainment to justify the purchase. However I would only really recommend this game to people like myself, who mainly play sim, tycoon, or management games.The game has great graphics considering it will run on almost any computer, and the game is fun to play, and will challenge you to balance and manage your base in interesting ways (some times unfair ways).The music and sound effects are good enough, and there is a wide enough selection of rooms and decorations to justify calling this a finished game.It does have its problems. The colonists are very stupid, the game starts brutally hard and gets so easy it becomes boring, and it is lacking a lot of detail in places, e.g. not being allowed to decorate dorm rooms with plants when you can other rooms.However, all in all, if you enjoy tycoon and management games, for the price tag it is worth a look. Expect about 30 to 60 hours of fun out of it before you get a bit bored of it.Looking forwards to playing Planet Base 2 if it exists or ever will exist."
76561198071400191,Not Recommended,403190,20044467,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Juicy Citrous Scrotum,"This game, at its core is fun. But it stops being fun, after a point.  This point, for me, was too close to the start...PRO'S:1. Bases look great and are awe inducing.2. I love the concept of managing sustainable power and water sources, something you don't always see in similar gamesCON'S:1. Limited map space causes it to get full very quickly2. Long pathways (which the game forces) cause huge inefficencies in the map-space and in the game as a whole.3. No rotation in the various buildings, causing yet more limitations4. Round buildings with mostly cubic components cause spacial inefficiences beyond what I previously thought was capable.5. The further you advance your base, the more difficult it becomes to keep things running ok.  This may seem like a good feature, but all it does to me is add stress until the game isn't enjoyable anymore, and then I stop playing.  This happens too quickly.CONCLUSION:Don't get this game until there are some major updates fixing these issues.  So far the devs have been very good at listening to the community, so there is a chance they may fix these problems. If I was you, I would follow this game and monitor its update details, until fixes for these various issues are made, and then purchace.  As ever, this was just my opinion."
76561198079622831,Recommended,403190,20131456,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,wavemind02,Fun game to pass the time
76561198165175548,Recommended,403190,24093586,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,SpartanAmbassador,"One of the best RTS games I have played. Perfect balance of difficulty, and is very addicting. The only thing that could make this better is being able to control the Sims a little more, but besides that excellent overall!"
76561198006211251,Recommended,403190,24088236,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,AtreiNero,"I can honestly say I initally bought this game because it looked like a scifi version of the game Banished. Which you should check out by the way, but I was both wrong and right.This game shares the same core mechanics of Banished, and other builder type games, but is also balanced very well and it WILL take several tries to get it right, not to mention expand. It was my 6th or 7th colony that finally got off the ground and the ice planet is still causing me problems.This game is also addicting. VERY addicting. You won't want ot get off and you won't want to stop. But if you don't have the patience to feel it out and actually lose a few times, then do not buy it since you will just write a bad review saying it is too difficult. It is difficult, but you also have to fail to succeed. It will take time to feel it out and get used to the unusal challenges it present and how it balances everything."
76561198026546547,Recommended,403190,24086378,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,KUK KILLA,"Fantastic game.For those who are fans of the game Banished, then consider this the sci-fi version of that game.I had an excellent time building my star base up and letting my colonists do their work. Very satisfying and relaxing game to play and highly recommended.I wish it had more mods and some more content however. I believe the game could use more crop types, food types and resource types. A planet editor would be nice as well.Overall a great game and worth your money."
,Not Recommended,403190,24153994,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Oman 2,"Look, I really enjoyed this game - it was great fun building a base on an unknown planet and expanding it until it could rival the scope of plenty of other base builders. The problem with it though is that it simply lacked challenge to me.The first planet had meteors striking from time to time, yet I didn't actually get hit by one until I was able to build a defense system to stop it (ironically I didn't, and took a few hits because of it). The second planet (listed as harder) is actually easier, there's less sunlight and it makes power a little more tricky, but the environmental danger is pretty small. I haven't tried the third or fourth yet, I will eventually but there's just not as much fun without a real challenge in sustaining your base.As far as I've found the biggest challenge is not falling asleep in the early stages of setting up your base, there needs to be a 10x speed so you don't have to wait several hours for enough resources to build housing for more colonists.It's a good game don't get me wrong, but wait for a sale. This isn't the survival challenge I was expecting."
,Recommended,403190,24130638,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Dr. Doos,"Love this game. Its simple, but challenging."
,Recommended,403190,24163098,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,X_Pilot,The game has massive issues with the AI that lead to frustrating ends in colonies. Apart from that the game is really solid and actually quite fun...until your colonists starve themselves by not producing food.
,Recommended,403190,24037719,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,WeedWhackerDood,"I bought this for sale from the July 4 Summer sale, it was a deal for sure.I have nearly 46 hours on this game in 3 days, yeah, i kinda put all my time into it. It was a difficult time getting the flows right for what to grow or build and how many biologists to have, workers, doctors, engineers, etc. But once that was flowing, things seemed to go well.My Tips: Go Slow, restart if you have to, get the fondation of your base setup right ro you will pay later. Sure you can recover, but you have be able to recognize when you made the mistake and it is difficult to get back on track. I went from 120 food to 10 food in a very short period of time, and i recognized the drop at 100 food, it took me that long to try and recover, but I did so by bringing in more biologists and getting the plants growing correctly.Build enough energy stores to account for the nightly drops and wind drops, I am ashamed to admit, but i have over 300k in energy stores so i can go 2-3 days without sun or wind, yeah, it was hard.Be sure to get guards, and ARM THEM EARLY!, Build SPACEPORTS as soon as possible and start permitting visitors so the you can start earning money to buy patented technology, it will help.Use ROBOTS, it will save you medical kits and other pain.When you can, build the biggest storage, medical, canteens, etc, it will save you issues later in the game to sacrifice, but DONT do that until you have established your base WELL or you won't make it far.PROS: Easy to get hooked and lose track of time, giving you a break from regular life, but dont get hooked too much.CONS: Easy to get hooked... LOLSUGGESTIONS FOR DEVS: Had several issues with Traders not taking my trades, they just left it all sitting on the stardock landing pad and my people would not put it back into my MASSIVE empty storage dome; stupid!Make it where you can toll people what to work on, I needed weapons, but yet no one would build them even when i disabled all other manufacturing; yeah, i thought it out and no one would build my guards guns.I wanted more ORE, but when I needed more ore, I couldnt get workers to go to the mine.Make it where you know how many of each type of worker to be optimally equipped for X amount of fully manned duties. This way we would know how many to recruit. Yeah, may be part of the game learning, but this would help alotLet us know that if you keep adding radio or telesopes, that if manned by the right people, the rate of success goes up dramtically.And more, but hey, I was playing and promised my self I would document my thoughts..... later LOL.I would reccommend this to people, however, i dont see much for expansion in this game, but hey, I could be wrong."
,Not Recommended,403190,24041455,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,CubeBix9000,"The game is stable havent encountered any bugs our game breaking bugs. But it lacks a alot of content. I managed to go through everything the game has to offer in a few hours i played for a while longer to see if there was more, there wasnt. The Challanges dont realy add anything to the game.There isnt much to survival in this game at all if anything its more of a waiting game then anything as if you proceed to quickly your citizens will die of starvation. Just restrict the landing of new citizens until enough biomes are built.Strategy there really isnt much of that either.For me this game comes out 6/10This game had alot of potential but is serverly lacking in content. Maybe this will be addressed in the future but as of now i cannot recommended the game for 20 usd when it lacks so much content and my experience with the game was meh."
76561198176933414,Recommended,403190,20743089,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,lothar072,"This game combines my favorite genres.  Space and colony building.  It took about a dozen tries to keep my colonists alive without starving or dehydration, etc, so it has a decent difficulty level even on the low end.  You have to get milestones to advance to the next hardest planet.  There are four planets and four challenges not including the mod addons. My biggest complaint is the wonky interface but there are mods that mostly fix the glitches with camera issues and item placement in rooms.  Go here to get the mods and some extra challenges.http://www.nexusmods.com/planetbase/?Just be aware that even with the mods installed, when your colony gets above 200 colonists, it gets pretty laggy and the glitches get worse. Resource control of your colony is cruicial and is the name of the game and without the mods it is impossible to control.  As for the graphics, its alot like Airport Tycoon for viewing, interfacing and placement of buildings.  WASD or mouse for camera movement, QE or middle mouse button for rotation, ctrl + mouse scroll to change the size of your buildings when placing them, shift + zoom button or rotate buttons for small zoom or rotate increments.  If you like space games or colonizing games, this is definitely worth a go."
76561198118855887,Recommended,403190,27586470,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,AlinaElvedaElvorfiwien,"I love this game! My people keep dying, but each time I start over I get a bit better. You should not get this game if you will get angry and stop playing after dying one, two, or even 20 times. I have restarted my world (or colony) at least 15 times on day 1 of playing it. After a week I was able to keep them alive for more than 70 mins. Its a fun game, and deserves the effort required to get that far."
,Recommended,403190,31270562,Posted: 21 April,all,Senacharim,"Decent game.  Were it not for the places where the interface needs work and how often it crashes, it would be the very top of the slow-paced logistics game category."
,Recommended,403190,28491818,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,"""Corpse Grinder"" Nagash","Nice game, and pretty good core, but still missing more content, 4 planets olny .... but good when you are bored !"
76561198210071037,Recommended,403190,29801408,Posted: 9 February,all,intence66,"good and badgood i love the graphics the designs and concepts  i also like the challengesbad  ... its complex  the bad is kinda small stuffexample>? some times without robots the humans will die becuase they dont always take stuff to the food machine only with robots u generally avoid this issue >?example>? sometimes humans get stuck when u build connections what gets so annoying becuase then they just die when they get stuck in the middle with no where togo >?example>? on the first level ie planet its very very hard to get to the next planet like really hard it took me about 50 hours or so to get past maybe 1 planet after that i managed to do the other ones easy af..........like i reccomend the game beacuase its good but my warning is it can ,,♥♥♥♥♥♥,, u off lol"
76561198028057789,Recommended,403190,31248388,Posted: 19 April,all,Il  Duce,"Fun, but buggy. A bit like Banished, but on a moon base or remote planet base. Less obnoxious than Banished, except for the bugs. An example of the bugs- power supply and solar collectors get damaged by meteors, but for no particular reason your colonists refuse to repair them until the whole colony starves to death. Lame. This sort of crap doesn't happen with every play-through. Most of the time it's enjoyable, and moderately challenging."
76561198151569106,Recommended,403190,32702227,Posted: 23 June,all,General_Huven,This is a realy fun game that i would sugest to anyone. It may not look fun but it is.all it needs is more levels. It took me a while to beat all of them but still.
76561198056802988,Recommended,403190,32764710,Posted: 25 June,all,Marine Parade,"I really enjoy playing this game, the look a feel of the bases is great. I especially like the challenge scenario's.I would like to see more variety in the types of structures and maybe more innovative power solutions to the different types of planets? For instance maybe some kind of hydro generators on the water planets and something in the rock fissures for heat / water extraction?Still a great game - highly recommended."
76561198070848903,Recommended,403190,32783791,Posted: 25 June,all,Lord Nox,On the 1st week got allmost 100hours of gameplay.Great game. Needs a few teeks regarding micro management.Recommend.
,Not Recommended,403190,18959178,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Adam,"I recommend this game on the condition that the dev team continues with the updates.  This is a fun little base builder sim.  The biggest thing I've noticed with being sucessful in the game is managing not only the supply level of your base but it's accessability as well.  If your colonists have to go all the way across the base to get supplies, eat food, or get sleep then you're losing out on their productivity.  It does get repetative though once you've unlocked everything.  The occasional intruded raid or meteor strike are the only real threats.  More diverse accidents and some new buildings would go a long way for replay value.  Also steam workshop support would be amazing.EDIT: I've changed my review to a negative based on what I percieve to be little to no real progress in the development of the game.  All I've seen are some added challenges and some slightly different threats that don't really require much effort to beat.  I bought and recommended this game based ont he hope that development would continue and new mechanics would be added.  I seem to have been wrong.  The most glaring opportunity for this game is the lack of modding.  Drop some modding tools on your community that make it easy to add/change/remove some of the gameplay mechanics and jsut watch what people do.  Incorporate the most popular ideas into your game and keep on going.  For now this game is just way to easy and lacks any realy depth.1) I'm tired of the same attackers every. single. time.  Give me the opportunity to upgrade my security force and give them bigger and badder threats to fight off.2) Give me some sort of blueprint tool where I can plan a base expansion to make sure everything is arranged the way I want it before I let my guys build it.  I'm so tired of planning large expansions only to find out one of my buildings won't connect because it's placement is off by 2 degrees.3) Let me design the tunnel layout instead of the simplistic point to point we have right now.  It was good early in development but it's time to upgrade.  I want T-junctions, 4-ways, 90 degree turns.  It'll help tremendously with base layout and design.4) Expand the manufacturing cap options.  I want to set a cap on veggies, medical plants, plastic, ore, and everything else.5) Storage.  I should be able to set limits on the ammount of individual items stored in a specific storage dome.  I'm tired of the storage dome next to my metal plant being filled up with veggies because the veggie production is ramped up.  Yes I know I could aim for perfect balance in my production/consumtion ratios but I prefer to overbuild in preparation for my next expansion.  Hey if you did this it would take care of the manufacturing caps from point 4 too.  I could have storage bubbles all over my base with a few of this and a few of that or a few everything.  It would be amazing!6) Colonists.  I saw this point in another review (one of your devs shot it down actually) and I agreed with it.  Let me disable certain colonist types arriving.  I don't always go for a certain percentage of colonists.  Sometimes I just have a specific number in mind.7) Which makes another good point.  Instead of percentages, let me choose either a percentage OR a specific number.  I setup a ring of structures around several landing pads.  I place 2-4 airlocks inside the circle with the pads and I put guard posts adjacent to the air locks.  Anyone coming into my base is immediately faced with armed guards.  I don't need a certain percentage of guards.  I want the number of desks I've placed x2.  If I could set that specific number on guard colonists coming in, I'd be able to leave colonists ships active 24/7 and not have to worry about forgetting them and having 100 guards roaming my base because of percentages.  In my mind it would work so that if I select the specific number option for guards, the percetage option would redistribute evenly among the remaining colonist types.  I also don't need to worry about adjusting my percentages as my base grows because my guard force never needs to grow once I setup my starport.8) Mod tols, mod tools, mod tools, mod tools.  I can not stress it enough.  Do whatever it takes to grow your modding community.  They'll literally help you develop your game while you still get all the money for sales.  In this day and age it's insane to release something like this and not make a serious effort to grow a modding community.That's just a few of the things that I as a customer, word of mouth advertising opportunity, reviewer, and hopeful future fan would like to see in the game.PS.  How you continue to delop and support Planetbase going forward will determine my response to any plan for a sequel or a different game from you.  Will I be super excited and pre-order or will I wait it out until the game does or doesn't become worth buying?  It's up to you."
76561198132296738,Recommended,403190,30345577,Posted: 5 March,all,Spac3man,"I've been looking for a game exactly like this one, and it hasn't let down yet. The visual quality is more than acceptable, the gameplay is fun, and the design is great. However, this game has one fatal flaw. In one of my current worlds, I am running out of metal. I have several workers and full ore on my metal processors, but my workers won't walk over to it and press a button. This might be because they have injuries, but what difference is it that they have a broken leg? They should still be able to type and press buttons. They can eat, can't they? Anyways, if I could prioritize someone being on the processor, that would be great."
76561198305855366,Recommended,403190,30307303,Posted: 3 March,all,michaelsharp88,"The game is alot of fun, couple problems with it.Pros:-Makes you plan out higher level bases really well. When your building a base, you can't just have one resource, theres all these things that come together to make it a challenging resource management game- Its really fun seeing how long your base will survive if you leave it alone for a few daysCons- Once you get to 4 or 5 hundred people, the game starts to become less user friendly, you cant have some landing zones for traders, and some for visitors, they all get lumped together and thats hard to have your residential pods right next to your manufacturing pods- engineers do almost nothing. I have 100 engineers, and it takes them forever to fill up eight spots to build robots, I have to keep buying robots and it sucks that I can make them, but they die faster than I can replace them"
76561198079564823,Recommended,403190,30358448,Posted: 6 March,all,tommytheguy,"this game a real space feeling with real sciencewith GROWING meat growing plants and o2 levels.to much radiation causes sickness and visitors can infect colonist.KW ina power collector, windmill and solar panelore compressers. invaderswill come and try and take the place for them selfs.and just fun addictive gameplay with no real faultsapart from the AI and no ability to mod witch is sad due to the fact that its addictive and could easly take up timeadding a modding feature would extend the life span of the master peice to no endlong story short this game is amazing and worth ever pennymy score for planetbase isa 10/10 for space fansand maybe a 9 or 8/10for new stratagy gamers"
76561197980157613,Recommended,403190,30347892,Posted: 5 March,all,MisterMark72,"You're colonists drop onto a barren world and use the materials they bring with them, plus those they can mine from the planet, to establish a colony.  It's like the space baby of Banished, with the same tendency for things to go suddenly and terribly wrong.  I've had a blast playing it, and if you're looking for a fairly simply colony sim that's a decent challenge then I reccomend it."
76561198264473246,Recommended,403190,30177804,Posted: 25 February,all,moodyjd,Good game so far. Building the base and having to expend resorces in the formof spares to keep the facilities up is a more realistic feature of the game.  I would like to see RTG tech included in the Lander which could be recycled into the base.
76561198098381700,Recommended,403190,31639585,Posted: 8 May,all,Alkaya,"In general I like this game, but it could be better. I would give it 6/10. What I write in this review is my personal experience and view about the game, so the pros and cons may not be same you or other players.The Good about the game:-It has nice graphics, sound, and good game athmosphere in general.-It is not too expensive. 20 $ it affordable for this kind of game (although I got it on 50 % sale).-It's something different than most building games with kind of unique feel and experience.-Lack of bugs and crashes overall + goes smooth and loading is very fast.-I can say it is balanced overallThings I didn't like:-It gets boring quite fast. There is no Campain or unlockables over time to keep you interested for longer amount of time. I needed about 10 hours total (for some maybe even less)  and you can squeeze basically everything the game offers.-Lack of tech tree - Although there are some buildings that you have to ""unlock"" by trading, which I find quite easy. The game would have much more dept if you had ""Civilization"" type tech tree.-Lack of unlockable building over time (like most city/building simulators have - like build X amount of this, or reach X amount of population to unlock, if you choose this building you can't build this one and etc.), beside trading blueprints which are quite easy to get and are mostly just bigger version of the existing buildings.-Milestones don't do anything really. They are something like in game ""achievements"" but you don't gain anything for your current game (at least I didn't notice) beside unlocking the other 3 planet types.-Lack of political, governing aspect or deeper exonomyc system.Mixed stuff:-The statistics you can see for your colony are basic. No deep system to see/follow to make your colony better. For example you can see how many colonists of each type you have, but there is no way to know exaxtly how many more colonists of this type you need for the specific kind of work to go smoother. As well if you have too many of them you can't really tell.- It feels like you are in charge of bots. Colonists have basic needs, but they don't complain, praise or tell you anythig to know if you are doing good or not, or if they need something specific/more. Sometimes out of nowhere something happens (like food is not enough) and is already too late to fix it. They start to die, new colonists stop coming and you have to load previous save or start new game if you are in the early stages of the game.So to review in short, it is interesting in the begining but it gets boring fast. The lack of deep government/political system + lack of tech tree and different choices makes the game is pretty linear and you will be left with ""nothing more to do"" in just few hours. My advice - play the game, it will keep you busy and interested for couple of days, but if you can wait for a sale."
76561198165689292,Recommended,403190,31495833,Posted: 1 May,all,chris the great,hi there bought the game and only have a few hours worth of gameplay on it and so far im enjoying itone thing id like to see is an update where you can get resouces of the fallen meteors and thats adds alot more stuff to it there is so much going for this game id like to see alot more major updates
76561198047945202,Recommended,403190,31672866,Posted: 10 May,all,AstroNOT,"Its okay and all but at random times my people tend to die even if they have oxygen etc, Overall a really well made game"
,Recommended,403190,30293118,Posted: 3 March,all,Lane,I'll put as much effort in this review as the AI does in their own survival...
,Recommended,403190,31767555,Posted: 15 May,all,Brotip,Its good
76561198206228731,Recommended,403190,31758673,Posted: 14 May,all,doggzilla,This game is Roller Coaster Tycoon for Nerds. Requires far more insight and intelligence than your typical strategy game.Even minor mistakes can destroy your entire population. Both challenging and relaxing at the same time.
,Recommended,403190,31892743,Posted: 21 May,all,Hakensio,I've seen some people comparing this with Banished. I personally find Banished quite boring and sometimes even frustating.Planetbase is a different experience with way more possibilities and a better system to administer your colony.Would totally buy this again.
76561198212881996,Recommended,403190,31788293,Posted: 16 May,all,Sgt.Bulldog,"I likes it didnt put many hours into it and i would probably regret refunding it and will get it again,it was fun and hard at times but i would definitely recomend it"
,Recommended,403190,31812325,Posted: 17 May,all,Wonderblunder,"It's a nice game to relax to, and the desolate planets you build bases on really drives the feeling of being isolated and alone. The real challenge is at the beginning, where you're scrambling to build up a basic infrastructure as the planet's climate actively works against you.After that things become much smoother, and the greatest threat changes from the planet itself to how well (or bad) your resource management skills are.Unfortunately, there's not a lot of replayability. Aside from the Challenge Modes and different planet types, not much changes. You're stuck with the same buildings, the same colonists, and the same resources on each planet you land on.Basically, the game is great for playing every once in a while when you're bored, but would have benefitted greatly from a greater variety of content."
76561198212605888,Recommended,403190,31924574,Posted: 23 May,all,jessbrooke,"The fan content alone is worth the buying price, and I like how you work to earn new planets as you play.Sadly, the game is set back badly by the fact that if you get stuck, you tend to stay stuck.8/10"
,Recommended,403190,31925429,Posted: 23 May,all,Milkman,And people told me that building bases on mars was not possible...
76561198054873836,Recommended,403190,32002040,Posted: 27 May,all,Viral_Muffins,"This is a pretty fun game. Can get repetitive and has a way to suck up lots of time as you sit and wait for things to happen. Its a good way to kill time, but doesn't feel too rewarding.I recommend playing it, but don't expect it to change your life."
76561198064438413,Recommended,403190,24124209,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Regnear,"Love the game, Have started over countless times but each time learn from my mistakes.  Great game."
76561198017434414,Recommended,403190,24271102,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,3lp3p1n0,"Beautiful game, theres lot of place for improvement in the sense of add more features (bulding, resarch, types of energy to be gather, vehicles) But its an beautiful, thanks to developer team.I found myself entretain by a computer game once again. Fabulous !"
76561197964615439,Recommended,403190,28537950,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,xaDskaD,"Fun little base-building game that will easily suck 20-30 hours. It's a bit repetitive and I think I ended up beating it just out of determination. The beginning-mid stages in each level are the most difficult. Once you get passed that and are self-sustaining, it loses some challenge. It would be nice if the levels had some more variations to it.In summary, don't pay full price for it. If you can get this game on sale, it's probably worth it."
,Recommended,403190,28483937,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Uhohhotdog,Great game with even greater potential. I really wish there was an expansion pack to make the game map larger with more things to do.  After about 100 colonists in your base it gets a little repetetive but the final planet is quite challenging and the challenge makes the gameplay.
,Recommended,403190,28016946,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Kurt Ze Healer,"Planetbase is a great yet simple base building game that can be for long time vets or newbies to the genre. The first level is like a sandbox, an easy gateway for the player to both learn and master the concept of the game. Then the rest of the levels have special gimmics to keep the game interesting. Overall a great gateway game and a fun experiance. 10/10"
76561198148110445,Recommended,403190,28010860,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Ominus,Still just as good all these months later.
,Recommended,403190,28289035,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,MikeDPad,"While this game lacks a bit of documentation and explanation for some of the finer (yet crucial) points, it's pretty damn great once you get a knack for what each building provides to your colony and how best to solve a problem when one arises. Fantastic game for those that like economic, city-building strategies."
76561198263024743,Recommended,403190,27979604,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Lamora,"Amazing Game! Don't forget, solar panels don't work at night and everyone suffocating within 5 minutes isn't ideal..."
,Recommended,403190,28243107,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,gjyounis,"Had never played a city builder before, so I tried this and was not dissapointed at all, I've spend loads of hours in the game and still haven't finished it"
76561198197358799,Recommended,403190,28249343,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,stonethronee,this game is amazing
76561198043899500,Recommended,403190,21432227,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Spectre98XIII,"This game throws a bit of challenges at you. It can even take a couple failed bases to eventually manage and grow a successful base.I eventually got too busy to play for a little while. The game updated at least once or a couple times on Steam in the meantime. I decided to fire it up again, getting back to my large successful base.Apparently the updates really changed some things. My always growing food supply started to shrink. I attempted to counter manage. I have somehow failed. Base lost.Wasn't too bad of a game. However, I believe I'm done wasting time with this one.Update: I said F*** it and fired up the game again. Got a new base going. The AI are still dumber than a box of rocks and frustrating. Eventually it grew very large and ran out of space. I made everything as efficient as I could. Didn't waste space on small resource generators/storage, etc. I cannot grow my base any further but my resources are plentiful and colonist count is higher in the 100's. Not the best, but I'm limited by surrounding mountain ranges...I'd like to start a new base to refresh again, but losing this base to get back to and make any changes for improvement kinda blows after all the work put into it. Was there ever the option in the game put into place to save a base while starting a new game?"
76561198111514431,Recommended,403190,28214145,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,InkedRatzQc,"Simple, Fun and alot of possibilities to customize your base! In this game your Survival is based on your capacity of micro-gestion and it's addictive"
,Recommended,403190,28273499,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Pizzapal,"Very good game, bit expensive though."
,Recommended,403190,28224758,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,317 | splinterx7,great game but got repetative at times. The new challenges mode has really breathed new life into this game
,Recommended,403190,28228531,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,CrummyConifer,Works as a great distraction from schoolwork :)
76561197962951904,Recommended,403190,28110206,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Awperator,Great Game about building a base in space really awesome
76561198209799189,Recommended,403190,28209602,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Disentius,Awesome. i have a lot to learn:)
76561197987674677,Recommended,403190,28199952,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,redblade1530,"I have played this game for over 100 hours and find myself coming back to it often. This game is pretty chill, but has its stressful moments. When you get to the third planet, the AI is unforgiving if you make a strategic mistake.  When you overcome the food shortage and the power issues, things start to smooth out.Many other commenters complain about the inflexiblity of the game or that it gets boring. I find this game to be a great logistics trainer. Be warned, however, that there are times when you may findyourself falling asleep waiting for enoug funds to build up to buy the ugrades from the fly-in merchants. If you are needing the constant stress of battle-based RTS then you might want to pass on this game.Pro:- Great graphics- Experienced no crashes nor glitches.- Scifi: feels like you are managing the pioneers into space.- Teaches both patience and emergency reaction to the unexpected.Cons:- combat elements more like Starcraft (the old game) would be awesome.- Immement disasters are warned way too far in advance.- The radio communication is useless.- lots of down time waiting for plastic/iron/fundsI'd recommand this game to anyone who enjoys a logistical challenge and finds the idea of overseeing the pioneering population on another world fun."
,Recommended,403190,28217241,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Joyful Dreamer,"Really great, with one fatal flaw - once you're headed in a bad direction, you're screwed with little chance to recover.  I had a perfect base (this is the 4th/5th time now), nothing wrong, then got some visitors, which tipped the scale, I got a bit low on food, and ONE person out of 50+ died. The visitors left, but the moral was low, and welfare dropped to 0 (or close enough to prevent new arrivals).  To make matters worse, it was a biologist that died, then there was one less to tend to the produce, meaning even less food being produce (and I think no one was working very well because of the low moral), and since the welfare drop was WAY too fast, no new colonist would arrive, so in time, everyone just dies off. :(Another annoyance is that when building things, there's no % of materials going to anything else in the base.  Medical supplies and repair supplies just stop when other buildings are pending development. A % of materials should be allocated to those as well, don't just stop them.All that said, if the base starts to tank, take note why, then reload a previous save (since it is easy to quick save), then prepare for it.  I think in most of my cases, I just needed to make sure I had a bit more biologists than I needed to make sure the plants were ok.  The next thing was to make sure I made lots of money selling things in case times get hard (this actually did help tip the scales so my welfare could recover a bit at one point). Seems best thing to focus on is food and medical, then making money selling the medical supply surplus.  Everything else seems to come second or third in priority. ;)All in all, this is a very addictive game, and well done for the most part, so it does deserve a thumbs up over all. ;)"
76561198065307485,Recommended,403190,29040714,Posted: 5 January,all,Jeff,"8/10pros-very relaxing game,-nice music-atmosphere graphick-great gameplaycons-not much content( there is so much more they could do with this game)"
,Recommended,403190,29046014,Posted: 5 January,all,tearfromthered,"A great mix between city builder and survival games. Gorgeous visual, challening enough but never unfair. I recommend it for any one who dream about a human colony on Mars. I only wish they added a big story mode / campaign"
76561198011447149,Recommended,403190,29013820,Posted: 4 January,all,Patheticness,For some reason I get turned on while playing this game. +
76561197991956098,Recommended,403190,29076308,Posted: 6 January,all,budhippy,Insane amount of love for this game.  I have primarly played FPS and RPG since the 90s.  Played this until 4AM and then had to go to work at 10.  This game is wonderfully engaging.
76561198289228639,Recommended,403190,29077014,Posted: 6 January,all,Tactical-Knife9,ghfgersg
76561198021876161,Recommended,403190,29101580,Posted: 7 January,all,Paktu,"DO THE TUTORIAL!One of the better 'build a town' sim that i have played. Watching all of your colonists die early in your mission is actually kind of painful to watch. 100% if you like games about building a village, or city, or a reasonably interesting RNG for small conflict and trade variances then then game is for you. Bonus points if you like sci-fi obviously."
76561197998275430,Not Recommended,403190,28993131,Posted: 3 January,all,Simurgh,"A great alpha or early access title. A very poor final release with no further development planned.Pros:Great themeVaried scenariosDecent music, graphics.Cons;No depth to tech treeCombat system is very basicAI is terribleWhat there is there is pretty good but its just a framework a good game could have been built on"
76561198053834335,Recommended,403190,29003090,Posted: 4 January,all,Bad Wolf,"A really good strategy game, you need to think how you'll build your base so you dont run out of resources and become stuck (or kill your colonists) Placement is important too as it effects the efficiency of rooms (place biodome near canteen etc)A few additions i'd like to see- The ability to assign workers to jobs or stations- Maybe you get a 'care package' or supply crate from earth with some rescources in at points in the game to help you out.- instead of a percentage on landing permissions, a quantity ie. so i can request 2 workers and 1 biologist come in the next colony ship etc."
,Recommended,403190,28997260,Posted: 3 January,all,Burn0u7,"well the game has its challenges. first, what you see is what you get. you cannot change the terrain. so its sort of annoying that you cant build over large boulders or move them. One thing is for sure. plan your builds. note that if you place an airlock in the chain, that is the end of the chain. you cannot build beyond that. remember, power, water, O2 for every section. also, later on you'll be hit with ""angry armed vistitors"" they will try to kill you. have some armed gaurds asap. My colony is 462 strong. i'm pretty much maxed out where i can expand or build. you'll want to get some laser canons up too.its a good game overall. i like these types of games. makes you think a bit. Not these typical drool on the floor mash buttons types. I just wish the devs would give you the ability to change the terrain a bit. yeah sure you can build on some boulders and they will vanish but they are really rare.one more thing to note. i have a good system. its powerful. i'll list my specs below. this game is not very well optomized. not at all. once i get into some areas where i have a ton of people running around, its a slide show. I've been a tech for over 25 years. its not my system. everything is updated and working fine. i can load up any number of high end AAA games and have no problems on ultra settings at 4k resolution. i've reduced the resolution of this game to 1080p and it does the same thing. even on a friend's machine.my system specs:video card:Asus GTX 1080 Founders EditionMotherboard:asus maximus extreme VIIIRAM:3400mhz DDR4 32gb Quad ChannelClock speeds:4.8GHZCooling:Corsair H110i Water coolerCPU:Intel Core i7 6700kOS: Windows 10 Pro x64Drives:OS Drive:Samsung Pro 950 SSD 512gb (OS)Samsung Pro 850 250GB SSD (dedicated for GTA V and frequently played games)Seagate 4TB Mechanical 7200RPM (Storage)Power supply:Corsair 1200iDisplay:Samsung Curved 3D 4k 50"" (Late 2014 model)"
76561197961028379,Recommended,403190,28957874,Posted: 2 January,all,Runner 'Yote,"Excellent Space Colony Sim.I love the challenge of this game and the satisfaction of getting that first spaceport and radar operational. I hope they add more modules and planets because they do tend to seem repetative once you get a big, stable base going.If you likeBanishedorStartopiayou'll love this one."
,Recommended,403190,28891440,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,rbrucemtl,This game takes some time to get all the mechanics but it's very good and I recommend it.
76561198172377739,Recommended,403190,28916990,Posted: 1 January,all,Falcor,"This is my first review.Planetbase has great potential, but I'm left a little unfulfilled.I have enjoyed playing this game, however there is a few drawbacks which other users have also mentioned! The AI being one of the main frustrations.Overall this game is pretty well made, and looks amazing! (even though it seems you're unable to position the camera to view the sky, and as a big space geek, I'd love to watch the stars!) it really has so much potential, but feels a little unfinished. There are many other aspects which I would love to see, i.e stock control, AI area management, more unlockable tech. I'm not sure I'd pay the full price for this game as it feels a little much for the amount of content the game contains, and it gets a little repetitive - like most base builders.I'd recommend this game if it's on offer! :D"
76561198070935335,Recommended,403190,28886878,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Sid239,"Honestly amazing classic sim. Simple and yet very hard that's the magic combo, just like the golden age of simcity or populus. I can only hope for sum dlc's and a much easier production.. I can barely make a few processors and my medics seem to refuse to work no matter how many there are"
,Recommended,403190,31960990,Posted: 25 May,all,Xilliah,Simple but tricky. I like the UI a lot. And the meteorites.
76561198262504856,Recommended,403190,31963104,Posted: 25 May,all,-=\V/=-,Awesome game really enjoy playing it but would love to see some new buildings and new planets. Also would be great if we had more controle over workes. If we could assign an engeneer to a task for  a set amount of time or somthing like that. More space ships would be cool too.
,Recommended,403190,32035740,Posted: 28 May,all,rletcavage,"This game can be challenging and engaging, or it can be relaxing and going on in the background. I've been at tough points where I kept restarting, and I've been at points where I took a nap and let my colonists take care of themselves. This game has opportunity for both.If you like coming up with a strategy or plan and then putting it to the test, this is the game for you. Each game makes your adapt and rethink your strategy.This is a game where you don't micromanage the colonist actions, but instead you put a put a model in place, and give plans for expansion, and hope it works out. If your colonists survive, you can modify for greater growth and production."
,Recommended,403190,31806569,Posted: 17 May,all,golan,"The gameplay is quite satisfying, even though there are many quirks. It's an indie title, doesn't promise much, delivers what it set out to do to a reasonable degree and it has received constant support since it was released.In its current state, it offers some interesting play scenarios and the way the space village shapes up eventually is really interesting and gratifying. Optimising the room placement (and workers movement) depending on terrain will make you replay the game in the same location several times.On the downside, the behavior of the colonists feels very synthetic and although they have fixed some objective problems, they haven't fixed this. Most of the difficulty elements depends on this and on how well you start off. The game balance is very simplistic and the learning curve is not a big deal.The survival elements are on the light side, people were expecting Banished in space maybe. I was expecting a simplistic space colonisation simulator (i.e. the tools to deal with any problems are available and if you understand the game mechanics, you can deal with all crisis eventually).Quite a relaxing experience overall."
76561198370990499,Recommended,403190,32091748,Posted: 31 May,all,MardonisMKII,"Amazing Zen Style Game, much like the Sims. Love it Guys"
76561198129541564,Recommended,403190,32114561,Posted: 1 June,all,Ocean Man,It's a solid game
76561198035378134,Recommended,403190,32102439,Posted: 1 June,all,Nerek361,Planetbase is a great game to play in classes or at a meeting. It's simple enough to play without focusing on it too much to miss out on anything. On the other side of the coin it offers different challenges to keep it interesting and you may easily play planetbase for the entire day. It grips you like sim city if you let it or you can use it to keep yoir fingers occupied while your mind studies. Enjoy!
76561197971975225,Recommended,403190,31937553,Posted: 24 May,all,6./ZG26_Emil,"Short review, this is a great game very challenging and a lot of fun especially when things go wrong!"
,Recommended,403190,32123289,Posted: 2 June,all,Simmo,"This game is totally addictive. Once you work it out, it's very cool and never gets dull."
76561198138660354,Recommended,403190,32582848,Posted: 19 June,all,hmkagm,Nice little game and worth the money if you like building and running a coloney based type game.  Very dissapointing on the map size limitation.  A lot more could be done for the the game but over all very enjoyable and money well worth spent.  Would like to see more from this Dev(s) but a lot more needs to be put into randimization of the game as once you get the basic station down and running its basicly game over.  On a side note once you get your coloney large and you make a mistake it can have a very bad ending.  A game not to be rushed at but to keep a steady flow of new buildings to get the achivements.  Good investment
76561198001828525,Recommended,403190,32704156,Posted: 23 June,all,Cleverdarkelve,"Build in SPACE! Fun game that may not seem as exciting to some, especially the long game. I thought it was exciting though.. but I can be boring because I'm old now. If you're into managing resources and people and building cool looking space cities I recommend this game!"
,Recommended,403190,32742513,Posted: 24 June,all,TheValkyri3,"Pretty great game. Takes a minute to learn, but isn't all that hard. I wish it had more depth and micro control. It'd be nice if you could flatten the terrain or build up on hills. I'd also be nice to assign invidiual people to tasks rather than letting their AI decide. All in all, its a great game and I wish I got it sooner."
76561198259971820,Recommended,403190,32744889,Posted: 24 June,all,bryantacd,Excellent game. Buy now!
76561198030791886,Recommended,403190,32716855,Posted: 24 June,all,holly.k,"I really had fun with this game - I enjoyed the strategic base layouts and attempting to get all of the achievements. Not a lot of replay value, though, I can honestly say I haven't touched it since I got the last achievement quite some time ago. Definitely worth picking up on sale if you're into base building."
76561198106980079,Recommended,403190,32833819,Posted: 26 June,all,Tetsushin,"Overall I like the game, one thing that would be nice to implament into the game would be a way to measure distances between buildings during construction, be able to line them up, perhaps an optional snap to grid that you could turn on and off for those that want or don't want the feature. Or perhaps geo forming to level a hill or make it so that the structure could go up the hill instead."
76561198030159217,Recommended,403190,32804828,Posted: 26 June,all,ToiletCleaner,"Nice game, dont know how long i'll keep playing but i've been at it for almost 13 hours en still have 2 planets to go (the hardest). Seems to be good value!"
76561198268655206,Recommended,403190,32562762,Posted: 19 June,all,joehvac71,"Fun game for base building, just wish there was more. Still a good playable game for what it is. Glad I purchased it."
76561198297190527,Recommended,403190,32595846,Posted: 20 June,all,robin.swensen,Simply LOVE this game!
,Recommended,403190,32926642,Posted: 28 June,all,freely_ip,Like Banished in space
,Recommended,403190,32933750,Posted: 28 June,all,ALKAPONE,"Great game,  I wish it was longer."
76561198242508758,Recommended,403190,32816000,Posted: 26 June,all,GalacticGordon,"This is one of the Greatest Space Games Ever,You can do almost everything! For An Early game this is Great!"
76561198338269931,Recommended,403190,29131639,Posted: 8 January,all,Overdrive,"This game is a lot of fun! just used up all my weekend on it lol.Not sure why other players were complaining about dying fast, after I completed the tutorial, I was able to build a base and now I am running out of space, build everything including getting all the tech etc..I agree with other that the AI is abit cluncky...lots of colonists running around doing nothing or they decide to take the longest route ever to get to something... the airlock is in front of you!! hahahOveral this is a lot of fun.Only thing is, I wish you can expand the base from 2 sides, meaning if I have my power on one side, I cannot build anything there. Maybe create an expansion base module to start a new base close by..."
,Recommended,403190,29124893,Posted: 8 January,all,dDONG,A simple game of would you rather:1. Breath2. Eat
76561198098267484,Recommended,403190,29104019,Posted: 7 January,all,Agriess,"This is a fun but very hard ""build a civilization from scratch on another planet"" game. You literally have minutes to stay alive and continue living. I havent played much of it due to having to restart so many times, because I couldn't get the hang of what to build first quickly while knowing how to build. Has potential but the learning curve to me seems really steep."
76561198201323225,Recommended,403190,32547284,Posted: 18 June,all,skybluries,Love the game.
76561198289354391,Recommended,403190,29425256,Posted: 22 January,all,sadcat,"i want much more from this game, make city finlay and not only but but make risorches, and many many more. but for 20 EUR it fine )) good game for cople time, but you not louse much time cos after it become boring, making same thing again and again. but yeah i recomended these game and wait for DLC even if i should to pay for it, and dreaming that someday i build big city from this base )))"
,Recommended,403190,29433300,Posted: 22 January,all,LORD CAPSLOCK,"Great game. Makes you sit glued for hours until you beat every planet and achieve all milestones. But after that there's nothing else to do.But I cant call that a negative aspect of the game if you look at the bigger picture. It was expected from a game like this. There will be a point when you run out of things to do other than just try to build until you reach the map limits.I have to commend the developers as well, they delivered everything that they promised and even told us that they have moved on from this game onto other projects. Hopefully they will be on a bigger scale and even more interesting to play. Looking forward for their next announcement."
76561198007278817,Recommended,403190,28245393,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,tastyburger,"Fun game to play - just wish there was a little more content to keep everything interesting.I really am into management games and this is exactly what I was looking for - so I do have to recommend it. I like to sort of sit back and watch tv while playing this game on normal pace - gradually building up my colony.I just wish there was more variety of buildings I guess, maybe a little more micromangement to everything - maybe there will be an update in the future.But for the price I can definitely get several dozens of hours of entertainment from it. If you like fast paced games though I wouldnt recommend this,"
76561198040397642,Recommended,403190,29431216,Posted: 22 January,all,grbies,Very adictive.  Would like to see the ability to add mods.
,Not Recommended,403190,29329983,Posted: 17 January,all,Miles,"For a while I thought I was just playing this game wrong. It turns out it's just a poorly designed game. The main problem is the AI. It's extremely dumb. One of the major things that can cause a game over is starvation. When the AI get hungry, they tend to gather near the dining hall, even if there's no food there, when they should be tending to the hydroponics. They also  sometimes walk forever to get from place to place, and the starvation timer is so short that they might starve before they get there. This makes large bases simply not possible. Also, the airlocks only let 1 person in or out at a time, so a lot of productivity losses (and starvations) are caused by trading too much cargo at once.It's a decent concept, but the implementation is sloppy, and the AI is inadequate once you get to a medium to large size base. There's not much sense of fulfillment to be had either. In the end, it's a rather painful experience."
76561198018357289,Recommended,403190,29342748,Posted: 18 January,all,ballewblake,"Planetbase is mostly a good game. It has some solid challenges in it, and certain events spell the end just like it would happen in real life. That said, my gripes are with the stupid AI, when a bot or human is right next to something, they should do the job, instead of going back to another pre programed task.Starting the game is kind of unrealistic too. I think any modern plans for colonization have certain buildings pre built before landing colonist. So this makes for a sort of repetitious task.Need more building types and styles, functions. Would be cool to just make a huge dome city, or to freely place certain sub elements into a building, not just on pre determined points.The game has a feeling of late 90's game play with slightly better graphics. I was thinking this game could be a great successor to the Outpost series from Sierra in the 90's. I've been waiting for something like it forever, it just comes up short. Needs more abilities and meat. Terraforming and research would be great. Other 4x elements could really add complexity and depth. It just feels flat in its current state."
76561197985330220,Recommended,403190,29401606,Posted: 21 January,all,MeridianComa,Great game. Spent 13 hours on it the first I played. Couldn't get enough!
76561198122667266,Recommended,403190,31009934,Posted: 7 April,all,dladnod,Its great game but needs updating like being able to decide more on stock levels and where they are stored deciding who can land and were you want them to land
,Recommended,403190,29413325,Posted: 21 January,all,HITTHERE,"This game is very fun and I will say it is worth it but that is not why I am here, I am here to say I found a glitch and even took a screenshot to prove it, in my game I did not get the survival milestone until day 3 for some reason"
76561198122809961,Recommended,403190,29408251,Posted: 21 January,all,hawkiinzz,"Awesome game and hopefully there will be more to come, i am really looking forward to this games development"
76561198022082404,Recommended,403190,31091700,Posted: 11 April,all,babysweetbabyangelbaby,"So far I have played over 530 hours and love every minute of it. But, I do have a question for those who build the add-ons.Have you ever tried to build a planet where there is an active volcano(s)? Your ship crashes there and a second landing site is where you have to get your people too. You would have to build and move then tear down the structures behind you. Do some mining, growing food, then advance."
,Recommended,403190,30174526,Posted: 25 February,all,Crafted,"25.02.2017Bought the game at said date. Early on a Saturday. 7 hours straight for reasons I barely can explain other than it hooked me so fast. Like a hot, random chick that introduces herself by telling you she wants you ""right now"" and you don't know what the f*** to do.It feels like a mix of Banished, Astroneer and some other game I can't recall. Sim City in alot smaller scale maybe?It's all about survival and the difficulty vary dephending on your preference. Personally when it comes to the AI (behavior and visually), I feel it looks like a polished game from 2004 or older (which is a good thing for me). The gameplay is gentle if you are, but if you are harsh then the game will torture you slowly in return.----------------------You start off by landing on a planet and need to set up vital buildings that will keep your colony alive. Electricity, water, oxygen and biomes for food production.- Your settlers need somewhere to sleep, a cantine for them to eat, drink and have fun.- You'll need to build a landing zone to further increase the population, as since that's the only way to do so at the moment.- There are different professions that you'll need: Medics, Engineers, Guards, Workers and Biologists. You can also buy/build drones to help carry, build or mine.- The settlers do not die naturally (old age), but traumas, sickness and random events like meteors and solar flares do occur.- There are ""enemies"" in the game that aim to take control of your base once your prestige have reached a certain point. These tend to ""hide"" along new colonists or visitors that drop by.It's so many great features in this game but also have a few downsides:- Strange distance-restrictions between buildings (should be closer)- Can't remove pathways/buildings if that result in not being connected to a powergrid- Colonists are easily displeased after a certain population milestone- Choosing loction on a planet to inhabit doesn't affect anything- Needs more content. The achievements and ingame milestones are great, but the game do get tedious once population rises. Maybe do more random events? Visually or in gameplay? E.g colonists get mental breakdowns, bigger meteors, new form of storms/blizzards with lightning? Character editor?- Zoom in closer. The characters are actually really good looking, but the details are easily missed since there's a zooming limit. God knows why..- And that's all I can think of....I'm certainly not done playing this game. Even with those minor ""issues"" if mine.I recommend it, but not eagerly.Buy it on sale and play it for 1 1/2 hour.If you don't like it by then-> get a refund."
,Recommended,403190,28734233,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Aldoalexalf,"Nice graphics and idea, but the AI is completely broken and it will make you have the worst ragequits of your life. (I punched my face and smashed my keyboard in anger). 4/10.*EDIT* I wrote this while in a ragequit, so dont listen to me. The game has really good graphics, but is truly hard. I calculate I made over 10 unsuccesful bases in the first 3 hours of gameplay.But when I got what I had to do, I had a lot of fun. I recomend this 8/10 NGI. I also recommend making the tutorial longer and adding more energy productin methods, like coal or fuel.(the ragequit part is real through)"
76561198032722068,Not Recommended,403190,28194876,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Valer,"This game has a great potential. But, I think it is too easy: there are not enough ressources. After you manage to build your base, the game becomes boring. But, I enjoyed the different challenges.Pro:- Great graphics- Nice system- If you like Scifi, you'll like this gameCons:- Too easy- Food combos are hidden- Not enough possibilitiesFinally, I'd recommand this game."
76561198091164019,Not Recommended,403190,20593826,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Sec. Colin Powell,"Wanted to come back and edit my review after picking up this game again. While I still appreciate the game's idea and some of the mechanics, the comically inept colonist AI makes the game soooo difficult to enjoy. Really urge the dev to return ot the game and make a better task system for the colonists.Previous Review:Great game, however in as far as base managment goes there are some pretty signifcant issues with unpredictable response times of colonists. In the later stages of the game macroing your base becomes extremely frustrating, as some mechanics such as oxygen and food distribution become frustrating to work with.Overall a solid game, just needs more development in certain areas."
76561198022403340,Recommended,403190,27389220,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Mudd,"I HATE turning this game on.I really do.Why?Because it NEVER NEVER NEVER EVER is a short game and I end up falling asleep at the keyboard 40 minutes before I'm supposed to be getting up for work.And it keeps kicking my♥♥♥♥♥And I keep coming back to get my♥♥♥♥♥kicked.So... yes, it's fun. But only if you're into sim games.You've been warned."
,Recommended,403190,26304624,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,acecase,"Cleveland Hubbard was a gentle man. Following the death of his wife he just wanted to go someplace quiet where he could work. He was an engineer, a profession much in demand out in a newly established colony on a far-flung planet. It would be Hubbard and six other people, living a humble, spartan existence. It was perfect.Unfortunately for Cleveland, the college student in charge of the project had only just completed the tutorial and had forgotten most of it.The third day brought tragedy. Cleveland had injured himself at work--a clumsy mistake, easy to make in his old age--and was recuperating in the sick bay, waiting for a medic who would never arrive. Due to a severe lack of wind turbines, there was no power to the oxygen generator. The entire base was in the canteen at the time. All those people consuming oxygen as they chewed and laughed... They never stood a chance.Poor Cleveland had no idea. He was alone in the sick bay, attached to the oxygen generator. He didn't consume enough air on his own to die as quickly as his fellows, and when the sun came up and the power was restored, Cleveland remained, unaware that he was now completely alone.With a minor trauma injury, Cleveland was unable to work, but his life wasn't threatened. He waited patiently for the medic, his morale characteristically high. He waited and waited. The power went out again, but he wasn't breathing enough on his own to asphyxiate himself. After hours of sitting in the dark, he rose from his bed to investigate why no one had yet fixed the lights, or brought him food.On the way to the canten, he gave out. Starved out for days and unable to heal himself, the frail old man didn't stand a chance. He curled up on the floor and closed his eyes, still smiling as his thoughts turned to his wife.10/10 would spend fifteen minutes waiting for a man to die again"
76561198083993554,Recommended,403190,30231635,Posted: 27 February,all,phatbandit,"lets just say, it's worth what they charge. it could be better, but it could cost more too..if any devs read this - two words: ""pause button"", game needs one"
76561198027681860,Recommended,403190,33447810,Posted: 10 July,all,The Fisherman's Wife,It has been awhile since I have played a strategy game like this.Had lots of fun learning the game mechanics. Highly recommend this game.
,Recommended,403190,33468193,Posted: 11 July,all,juxtarose,"Ok. So, I'm still really into this game. I've played it about 60 hours already, and I'm not going to stop anywhere soon. So basically I'm already at thirty-three cents per hour. If that's not economical entertainment dollars I don't know what is. I highly reccomend this game if you enjoy city/strategy type games. Like seriously it's freaking phenomenal. Buy it already.Added bonus... It's in space, you get to build a habitat on 4- count em- four different planet scenarios that definately keep things interesting.Seriously just buy it.Play it.You're welcome."
76561198139740487,Recommended,403190,33472288,Posted: 11 July,all,guilherme490,Excellent! Nice Job Madruga Works.Just buy it now!!!!!!
76561197970676917,Not Recommended,403190,33381955,Posted: 8 July,all,kallanreed,"I liked it at first, but in the end, it just feels too sterile. You can clearly see through the resource balancing, so it feels contrived rather than natural. It has all of the right parts, but it's missing some intangible aspect of ""fun"" that you do get from games like DF or RimWorld."
76561197971615996,Recommended,403190,33243612,Posted: 4 July,all,JeezonTorst,Seems reasonably enjoyable from the tutorial. Sure it might not be much fun after 29 hours or more but for £9 in the steam sale that's fine with me.
76561198019022165,Recommended,403190,33256979,Posted: 4 July,all,PathOfPain,"This game is suprisingly good.It's also pretty hard even at easy difficulty. Not impossibly hard, but tought learning curve and plenty of unexpected disasters coming out of left field at the worst time to keep you on your toes.Your goal is to create a colony with buildings and people. For that you need to start setting up the basic needs like air, water and energy to make everything works. Then you add the repair parts to constantly repair your solar panels that erodes plenty fast when you have a non-existent atmosphere outside. Other buildings don't need repairs unless they get hit by metorites debris (A direct hit just destroy a whole building and sometimes 2 or 3! Bad karma what can i say!)Then you can start bringing colonists to help you mine ore to build more advanced stuff like cpu and tools to build even more advanced stuff. Eventually, you can build robots who move much faster than your colonists and can do the basic work like mining much better (And don't break their bones like the colonists do. Mining is dangerous business!).The game throw you plenty of curve balls and you have 3 planets to try, each one with progressively worst disaster happening. The first planet is a moon with regular meteorite crashing. Still, even with a big base, they don't hit your buildings that often. Second planet is with regular thunder storm i believe. And i can't remember what the third planet do.You have objectives to fill and when you fill enuf of them, you can start over to the move advanced planet.Lots of strategy and quite a bit of fun. Managing your colonists growing needs, growing your base in an efficient way and even helping offworld peeps when a bad event happen to them is all part of the game. Lots of variety and no boring moment.I recommend it heartily."
,Recommended,403190,18532418,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Albertus Liberius,"18 Oct, 2015 @ 3:46amnot recommended (4/7 people said helpful) - so much bugs yet. my people just stuck in one room and stayed to die.2017-07-07: now ai seems okay, but still dying out some point. maybe my game skill is not good. so much thril!When the base have over 100 people, you should care of the population-facility balance. Too much aggressive expansion would cause starvation."
76561198066733399,Recommended,403190,33075785,Posted: 1 July,all,Valkazon,"Historically, base building games never really did it for me. But Planetbase, so far, is making me rethink that.My first base didn't grow much beyond the initial bunch of hapless explorers, all dying from asphyxiation.So, with lessons learned, I called forth my next set of willing colonists.The second base is growing well, slowing spreading across the planet surface, with a population of 150 people.Sure there have been issues along the way, a few deaths from meteor strikes to buildings and walkways; so called visitors arriving on trading vessels who start shooting my workers - quickly dispatched by my crack guard squad, well at least they would have, but by me putting the base on red alert meant that all the inhabitants take it upon themselves to become security experts and wade in to the fight. Fists against guns doesn't have good odds, but sheer weight of numbers means the attackers are dealt with quickly before too many colonists die.Then of course there was the time starvation struck, rapidly increasing to around 90% of the inhabitants showing signs of going down. 'Ah, is this the infamous AI bug I've been reading about in other reviews?' I wondered. There was food available, not loads admittedly, but they had vegetables, synth meat and a few meals sitting in the machines. Things weren't looking good and I feared the worst, 'Why don't they eat?'. Then I remembered my first base. This is a game where you have to be much more strategical in the way you play it.Because my base is quite long and snaked across the planet between mountains, I found that the colonists were reluctant to walk miles to get what they needed, even if it meant it would save their lives, but instead just carry on with their routines, getting slower and slower, eventually stopping and dying - for a bunch of experienced engineers, medics, biologists and the like, they sure don't have huge amounts of common sense. So, for me, it seems I needed to have the things they require such as canteens with food makers and drinking fountains, dorms, leisure areas again with drinking fountains, placed every so often along the length of the base rather than just one large communal area.I put the synth labs and bio domes into priority mode, so my biologists got to work on them. I urgently built another couple of bio domes and labs, making sure I chose quick growing crops and setting the meat synth machines to different meat types - the colonists need a variety of food. Stocks soon started to build and workers loaded them into meal machines. Thankfully, by having canteens dotted around the place, people began eating and the catastrophe diverted. I lost three people to starvation, instead of the whole base.So no, I don't think it is necessarily an AI issue, rather than the need to really plan and grow things gradually. Keep checking the grid, make sure you have more than enough oxygen, power and water. Add a few more structures, check the levels again. Build a landing pad, get more biologists and produce more food; get more engineers to build and repair things. Workers to carry things and mine ore. It is very easy to tip the balance one way and suddenly find yourself up against another problem such as running out of power, so your buildings shut and eventually oxygen isn't being produced. Plan and build strategically - this definitely isn't a game to be rushed."
76561198127218584,Recommended,403190,29222650,Posted: 13 January,all,dholland,"Insanely inefficient AI = bad playing experience. Discuss.More seriously, the fact that problems can't be addressed in a creative way by the player and solutions require a build order arbitrarily chosen by devs (pointless difficulty = no fun. Discuss) makes me not want to invest time in the game. I want to be able to find my own solutions to game problems.Okay, I've decided to edit this review.There is a game FAQ which does address a few of my concerns.I came back to the game and looked at some tutorial videos online, which addressed the arbitrary build order issue (basically, ignore the in-game tutorial and build the largest power collector and solar power you can).I also worked out that you should never give your colonists a choice to avoid them being dumb -- so just build one building at a time, do not try to add contents to a building that require plastic if you want the plastic to be used elsewhere to build things like med kits.I enjoyed playing casually knowing this. I particularly enjoyed some of the harder speed-related achievements, which requires you to plan your base to be efficient and minimize the journey time of colonists who get unhappy if they have to go on too long a trip or carry stuff too often.As in the FAQ, you can turn on a building priority to stop colonists working there from stopping to carry. So I guess I will have to now recommend the game for people who like this kind of challenge, but not for people looking for a casual builder game."
76561198129858586,Not Recommended,403190,33306953,Posted: 6 July,all,Zamol,"I write this review few months after I finished playing this game.Someone suggested the 5$ price for this game(when I bought it), I agree ... it doesn't worth 20$, I bought it with  35% discount or so :(Why I bought this game? Bad movies on youtube. A good marketing strategy I must say ... I bought the game :)AI?! There is no AI, this is the only challenge of the game.An example: need resources for a new module near south airlock; what they do?!  ... ~80% of them exit through north airlock, pass the west airlock(used by ~15%) and go around until they reach destination and they are♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥on me for the long walk; shorter route obviously was through the base, 30-40% of the materials need it was in storage close to southern airlockIf you think the bots have better/some AI ... no, they don't :))Other small challenges are the meteorites and solar flares, for this you have save/load optionsThe ice planet is the easiest, the storm scenario when you boot your colony and have like 1-2 big lightning rods, you become a true believer (you start praying to be hit by lightnings, or at least I did :)) )"
76561198002045168,Not Recommended,403190,33078847,Posted: 1 July,all,homeunt,"For the price...Get Banished, Rimworld, or something else.The game feels incomplete in features and structure, and for how much it's asking for, it's not worth it.I did like the game for the first 2 hours, then after it gets boring."
76561198155425964,Recommended,403190,23392463,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Kinyaani,"Had to stop playing, it's a good concept, but the development team shouldn't be limited to one person doing all the work, especially on things that require specific knowledge (AI).Should the AI ever be tweaked to a more functional model, and more visual assets find their way into the game, the price is a little steep especially for a game that's soul goal is to not let you accomplish a goal of a sufficient colony that doesn't succumb to starvation consistently.I will recommend ONLY on the grounds that it is playable... To a point, after that it's just a frustration."
76561197970275343,Recommended,403190,33202177,Posted: 3 July,all,Winger,I liked it! Its a good game to pick up on your laptop while visiting your parents for more than 12 hours.
76561197977744587,Recommended,403190,33418576,Posted: 9 July,all,TurboHop,"I have played this game alot. I like it. I had 750 colonists on the easy planet and 400 on the Suicide planet. But now I start a new game and I have colonists that are hungry, so they will not work.  I can see tables and meal makers are full of variety. They occasionally sit down for a meal...but still show as hungry. They may go to sleep and wander the halls but even after eating they are still hungry and wont sit down for another meal.   I have had this happen multiple times now and so whatever patch was just put out has broken the game.  I call this problem the ""Colonists Collapse Disorder"". :-(  If you keep the colonists happy, this wont happen.  I have to chane my review to Thumbs Up!"
76561198174816459,Not Recommended,403190,33890573,Posted: 29 July,all,holex,"I would recommend that game perosnally, but I needed to tumb-down it.it is a great game with kinda inconsitent logic of the sudden appearance of the terrorist out of blue – it is not really clear what their intention or purpose are in this game beside if you do not prepare for them, they will kill the personnel of your station.it seemed to me that the actual creator of the game had no concept of making suitable challenges (like e.g. unknown viruses, native biology, unique planetary anomalies etc...), they tried to do something with the changing weather and day-night cycles which is a really good try and still a way more realistic idea than putting the randomly shooting thugs into this game – that twist seems a bit edgy and ruins the experience."
,Recommended,403190,33939698,Posted: 31 July,all,DoubleOZer0,"I love this game, defidently is slow, and if you have a big colony that just DIES it gets you mad, and I'm only on the first planet! But i love this game, defidently for any age that understands it, so idc who i play it around, and it gets very fun. Just a keep your resources managed and get a spares workshop ASAP!! Would recommend. I rate this 9/10"
76561198026600198,Recommended,403190,34111935,Posted: 8 August,all,Krunchy22,Fun game but the AI needs to be a little bit smarter. I've had several colonists die due to starvation when all they had to do was  go to the canteen and get food. Also the colonist don't really know how to prioritze important resources from non-redundant resources. So it can be a little aggrevating at times.
76561198006458606,Recommended,403190,34124581,Posted: 9 August,all,Commander Blop,"good game, Great value for the price.challegning at first but once you learn the ratios it becomes very easy"
,Recommended,403190,34072797,Posted: 6 August,all,Detox The Great,"Great game. Challenging enough to keep you coming back. Worth every penny! If you like RTS games, a challenge and something fun/scifi/futuristic this is your game. Theres a few others out there like this, but this beats them hands down. Easy to learn if you review the tutorial then use what you've learned."
,Recommended,403190,33984140,Posted: 2 August,all,Blaze,"Great base building sim, just wanted more expansion / dlc"
76561198173724485,Recommended,403190,34225732,Posted: 13 August,all,Spot4nick,"This game is a awesome resource management game.pros:1. Does not require a beefy computer.2. Different levels to try out (planets).3. Tutorial is easy to follow...not complicated.4. controls are easy to remember.5. Game savescons:1. If you go afk...don't think your base will live through the night.2. Saves are weird compared to other games (one does a quick save, another does a regular save , and the is an auto save).3. Expensive for what it offers (content wise).I recommend 7/10."
,Recommended,403190,34205859,Posted: 12 August,all,shananighans,"Awesome game so far, love it!"
76561198285666269,Recommended,403190,34258604,Posted: 15 August,all,thelegoman8181,"This game is a great colony game its very relistic. But the AI is not broken. The only time they wont do the work or take care of them selfs is when there is no supply to do the job. If you dont have enough metal then you can build anything that needs metal, If you dont have any water then you give anyone water... ect. Great game but once you understand the basics of the game its not that hard with the AI."
76561198072028029,Recommended,403190,33468085,Posted: 11 July,all,amloidmesa,Excellent game
76561198026604342,Not Recommended,403190,29366760,Posted: 19 January,all,Gortok,"Fun for a couple of hours, but once you figure out how to be successful it loses its charm."
,Not Recommended,403190,21559157,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,NANOHORIZON,Colonist AI is a game breaker.
76561198058459242,Recommended,403190,35215390,Posted: 25 September,all,SpyWing,"Beautiful game and very addictive, i'm enjoying it. Its tough at times and things can change in an instant but just try to stay vigilant and you'll do fine also bit of advice... make sure you balance 'Productivity' with the 'Cosmetic' side of things, found myself focusing more on how things looked rather then how things were actually running... whoops like x7+"
,Recommended,403190,35215400,Posted: 25 September,all,jshep566,"Nice time killer. Only got 33 hours on record.  I would recomend the purchase.  It can be tricky to get the right food to be produced but once you do it makes it easier.  Not a game I would stay on for days, weeks, etc..  But a fun game to come back to every now and again. Worth 19.99USD??  I would pay for it again!  For those skeptical based on reviews, just wait for a sale."
76561198030869775,Recommended,403190,35212315,Posted: 25 September,all,jmacspottery,This game is almost like space banished. I find myself playing until 3am.  Its a good game but I belive it will not last long.  For the money its worth it.  If you dont like games you must think its not for you. But if you are a planner its a game you will like.
,Recommended,403190,35220911,Posted: 26 September,all,Combiner,"It might seem easy to play this but after you get 10+ people it's not .Nice game for a few days , very addictive , but not enough content , more buildings , events and other things would be good ."
,Recommended,403190,34894694,Posted: 11 September,all,Dave,"Good game. Very creative, good graphics and seems it was done by a single developer? Nice!Some improvements:- Save should allow to set a name- In-game options menu is very basic, should include at least sound options- There are some issues with priorities not being followed by AI when having pending builds inside buildings- Yellow and red alerts should be trigered automaticly :) / security button UX & access should be improved."
76561198384560798,Recommended,403190,35352751,Posted: 30 September,all,titankaraca,HEY you should make a update that you can be one of the guys in the game ok
76561197986137699,Recommended,403190,35406808,Posted: 1 October,all,Alois,Enjoyable
76561198013967523,Recommended,403190,35474247,Posted: 4 October,all,hmabboud,"I love it, but it is a bit limited!"
76561198059712862,Recommended,403190,35458684,Posted: 3 October,all,tcsnerinaz,"Though I do with they would add more variety to the different planets, like new items you can unlock, I love this game! It is a bit of a challenge at first figuring out exactly how to sustain your colony and trying to rush it will be your colonists' doom. Little nuances, like your workers aren't working is likely because they are injured and you didn't build a sickbay in time and now you're stuck, things like that, can be frustrating and cause you to start over but I really loved the challenge. Easy to sink hours at a time into this."
76561198014000003,Recommended,403190,35505835,Posted: 5 October,all,quasimodo1957,"Initially I was hesitant on purchasing this game after reading some reviews that claimed bugs spoiled good gameplay. However I did so anyway and have to say that I'm very pleased with the product. In fact I suspect some of the 'bugs' were just player's inabilities to manage their base properly and obtain what amounts to a very delicate balance of supplies, oxygen, water and power to keep your personnel alive.If you aren't a fan of the slow but sure building sims this game isn't for you. I started out landing on the desert planet and started goofing trying to decide on what to build first. By the time I made a decision and where to place the item my crew started dropping like flies due to lack of oxygen. This occurs during the first three minutes or so of the game so start constructing an airlock, oxygen generator and everything else needed to support oxygen production. Having done that I thought I'd now take my time and watched my crew die of starvation because I failed to get buildings and machines to support sleep, food and water up in time. Once you manage to achieve this you move on to other structures/machines that further support your little colony. Failing to watch the balance of all this as well as not having enough or having too litle colonists factors into the equation as well. You also find that shutting down production in some also allows certain stocks to recoup and spreads your work force out to concentrate on other more important tasks. As I said...lotta things to factor in to make the place work and survive.So I won't bore you with game play. Just know it's long and trying but as long as you can keep everyone happy, working, fed, watered and breathing you're doing fine. Once you reach certain achievements on the planet you're currently colonizing the next planet of four (which becomes harsher and difficult to inhabit with each progression) becomes available for you to colonize.The best way I can descibe this in similarity is think of ""Banished"" except in outer space. Players of 'Banished' have found that it too is just as unforgiving as Planetbase can be. Each requires balancing many factors to keep things going smoothly.Kudos to the developers on this one. I still have something along the lines of 5 achievements on the first planet to complete so there is still plenty more gameplay as far as I'm concerned but I daresay some folks would eventually consider it repetitious. I'm content with just struggling to survive.Like long, drawn out construction/survival sims that give you a sense of accomplishment once you achieve the goals laid out? This one is for you."
76561198225937644,Recommended,403190,35505017,Posted: 5 October,all,Alex8728,"A nice little base building game, although it gets a little repetitive, it is still a fun game."
