user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,403640,30984081,Posted: 6 April,all,goldenglory,Download the free demo to see if your pc has issues with this game before buying it.
76561198113959399,Recommended,403640,32563002,Posted: 19 June,all,๖ۣۜScrumpy,"Dishonored is back! and with it comes a review. People have been complaining about performance issues. And I can understand where they are coming from. I recommend downloading the demo to check for any issues before purchace.Pros:AI drastically improved!Level design is wonderfull2 different stories to do promotes stealthy actions.Loads of new powers.The duke of serkonos is a much better villan than lord regent. (In my opinion)Cons:Graphic quality is not great (Especially when looking at posters)Levels even on easy (Cough* Crack in the slab) Are hard to navigate for new players.Overall rating:9/10a must buyext:To download the demo you look right and scroll until you see ""Download free demo"". It should be under friends that want this game."
,Not Recommended,403640,26529430,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Mr.Arber,The Game Runs Ok Now
,Recommended,403640,26763925,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Bad Whippet,"Dishonored 2 - is this a game for you?Right now, the game is undergoing a spell of patching after a very poor PC release.  The game worked for some, but not for many, and so your mileage will vary depending on your PC (not necessarily how powerful it is either - but how balanced, how much VRAM you have and such).  As most reviews already centre around performance issues, I won't spend too much time on those because I'd rather review the game itself but please bear them in mind (they are mentioned in the 'not so good' section below)....For people who didn't play the first Dishonored...While you can certainly play and enjoy the 'toys' of this superb game, the story will really make zero sense.  In the first game, the graphics and gameplay haven't aged at all and so I recommend you visit that title first, otherwise it will feel like starting to read a good book half way in.  The first game is often on sale, and it's an absolute gem, still carrying an 'overwhelmingly positive' review.  This game does genuinely feel like Part 2 of the series, and you'd be doing yourself a disservice by skipping the first game (its story-based DLC is also a must-have, so buy the 'definitive' version which includes the DLC).For those who DID play the original...This second instalment manages to recreate that special Dishonored atmosphere of the first game.  I was worried that, not being set in Dunwall, the game would be altogether more sunny and cheery, but Karnaca is every bit as poor and derelict as Dunwall, with more opulence of the 'haves' rather than 'have nots' intertwined.  From the start, the game feels familiar in both setting and story; it truly IS 'more of the same' but in a great way: more of the same AND much more besides...The game feels shorter, but when I look at the hours played, it actually isn't.  Nine missions only, but these missions are made in typically bigger maps than we saw in the original game which of course means more replayability because there are again many ways in which to infiltrate an area.  There are more runes and charms to collect than in the first game, giving the game more side-mission style playability without detracting from the main story, and all the 'fun' toys are back so you can again mercilessly rig a Wall Of Light against your foes.  More importantly, as well as two chaos levels, you now have two different characters from which to choose, with different but wide-reaching skills and power sets that will give you a different game experience.  Finally, the skills upgrading has been given a huge overhaul.  You still collect the beloved runes and bone charms, but this time you can opt to craft your own bone charms which can be made up of up to four individual charms, thereby allowing you to tailor your character with many more perks than was previously possible.  10 bone charm slots can therefore give you a maximum 40 upgrades from the many bone charms you will uncover in this game.The plot itself is similar to the first game and the parallels are obvious, but the game does feel like an all-new title rather than a rehash, which is great.  There are plenty of nods back to the original story.  Replayability of this title is even greater because the playable characters of Emily and Corvo offer very different play-styles and approaches.  Arkane have provided a better balance of NPCs of different race and gender (one of the few poor things about the original title) which is great to see - it's clear that the developers listened.  And as if the game wasn't fun enough already, there is also a really clever level where you will manipulate time (travelling to through a map by choosing to switch between past and present as suits your route).  That is SO well done - a genius addition to the game.In summary, everything about this game brings about all the good of the first (which was pretty much all of it) and expands on it in numerous ways without destroying that special 'feel' created in the first game.  If it wasn't for the performance problems, this game would be an absolute guaranteed 'Game Of The Year' because it is truly excellent.  I really hope Arkane have good story-based DLC planned as they did for the original game, because I want MORE of this superb experience, and I hope they can solve the issues because everyone should be able to enjoy it.Anything not so good?Mostly, performance issues on PC.  These range from variable or very poor framerates, to crashes and total black-screen non-starts (the negative reviews all focus on these problems rather than actual gameplay).  Please do check the discussion forums to see who experiences what (so you can compare your PC with others) and do make the most of your two-hour refund window to progress through Mission 1 to the outside (where the performance tends to manifest once outdoors).The game FEELS short even though it really isn't.  I suspect this is because there are only 9 missions.  They are HUGE missions, but never-the-less that single digit makes the game feel much shorter than it really is.  I found myself in mission 7 of 9 in no time at all, or so it felt, yet in reality I'd been playing 25 hours or so by that point.  Being such a good game, I just wanted even more!Finally, a really minor point, but the Outsider has been reinvented with new voice actor and I don't really like what has been done.  In the original game, it was impossible to determine the Outsider's stance (was he a force for good or evil).  He was a dark, paranormal character who seemed moderately amused at your progression through Dunwall's affairs.  In the new game, the Outsider feels much less enigmatic and also biased more against 'bad' rather than being a mysterious force.  This is no show-stopper by any means, but I did prefer the original Outsider.SummaryDishonored 2 is an incredible game that is an absolute 'must-buy' if you enjoyed the original title - but only IF you can play it.  Patches are being released which have already made improvements.  Hopefully, the stuttering, crashes and frame-rate issues will be stamped out fully, leaving people with a truly excellent experience in the Dishonored universe that, despite current Steam ratings, is even better than the first game (and as players of the first game already know, that was a very high goal indeed)."
,Recommended,403640,26518386,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Ottologist,"PERFORMANCE PSA: Panic not friends, for I dug through some forum posts and found what's causing the low performance. It's simply that the dishonored 2 .exe sets itself to low process priority class whenever it loads. Setting it back to normal/above normal after each loading screen will provide a workaround until they can get around to the (very easy) patch! Additionally - the massive input delay can be fixed by setting pre-rendered frames to 1.In mini-review, performance isn't amazing but it's fine (locked 1080p60fps/very high/gtx 980) and so far the game is REALLY REALLY enjoyable! Bit slower and more challenging than the original and so far the story production value is leagues above the first game and easily on par with its excellent DLC"
,Not Recommended,403640,26544036,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Ginger,"Update:Watch, As Everyone's favorite publisher, Bethesda, puts a game that's been out for 21 days on a 33% off sale. Last time I'm buying a Bethesda/Arkane game day 1, especially if it still doesn't bloody work. You can forget a purchase from me for Prey. Not even gonna bother, got burned once.Since originally writing this review? What's changed? Well, some optimisation patches, albiet in Beta, mean that the game is now playable. Albiet at 30fps. Looking like crap. Sometimes, in small enclosed spaces, I get the sweet 60fps... oh boy...I bought Dishonored 2, played the tutorial on Medium settings, wasn't happy with my framerate, I'm ok with that. My rig's pretty old. So I cranked down the settings to very low.On very low, the game looks worse than Dishonored 1 on High, and runs much worse.I turned the game up to Medium.The game runs faster on Medium than it does on very low. I got more frames in the same area on Medium than I did very low. How does this even happen???This is actually the worst optimisation job I've seen in my life. I can Run Dark Souls 3 on Medium at a solid 60FPS. And it looks so much better than Dishonored 2 does on Medium.  I love Dishonored and the world. But shame on Arkane and Bethesda. I will not be purchasing a Arkane/Bethesda title day 1, or at anytime at launch in the future. I was interested in the Prey remake, but honestly? Unless the promised patch fixes >Everything<, I'm just gonna forget about Prey. I don't even care anymore.The Review policy is an Anti-Consumer mess made to maximise day 1 profits, The Void engine that's been pushed is a pile of plague rats. And these aren't even PC specific issues! Fix your♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198145429256,Not Recommended,403640,26602000,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,SafestPear,I tried to assassinate someone but the only thing that was murdered was my framerate.
,Not Recommended,403640,26568577,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,xell,"Just stop releasing unfinished games already. Games like Battlefield and even games with better graphic quality and resolution are working very smoothly  and the fact that this one can't run properly is just a joke. You guys basically don't give the importance that you guys give to stupid console gamers ,you dont give it to us PC players. and make a little effort for it will be sufficient. But i think  You just think of  earning money from behind your desks. It's not just enough to copy paste a game from console games into PC games. you have to decently finish it and then release the game.Not every gamer has an high end monster gaming PC. this game should reach to 70+ fps on moderate PC's. It is really useless for you guys to blame the graphic cards or the engine companies, because you should have run these tests way before the game was released  which i think you also did.  I think the intention here is to discredit the graphic cards and computers and to force us to buy the newest Nvidia graphic card which do also have the issues. just stop mocking with people and produce better working games in the future please. and also make better patches so we can play the game.."
,Not Recommended,403640,26640563,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Grim Fantango,"An offline game using EXTRA (on top of Steam) online DRM that fails to run for paying customers, a poor port with terrible optimisation and lackluster communication while we all wait for a patch.Gee thanks guys you sure know how to treat your paying customers."
76561198052772548,Not Recommended,403640,28008433,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Fritz,"Horrible experience from Bethesda, Arkane.  Why these people think it is acceptable to release premium games that haven't even been beta tested is beyond me.  Then us gamers (their bread and butter) have to waste our time, energy, and money for them to make it right (if they even do).  Worked reasonably (though with plenty of stuttering) yesterday, then with the new NVIDIA drivers all it will do is flash on the load screen even after rolling back the driver. So I went to the Bethesda forums and support page and you cannot even submit a complaint.  Frankly, (and fan boys and adolescent trolls should really chill here) we should not put up with this ... not for premium games.  These developers continue to make us pay for their ineptitude and/or greed while they laugh their way to the bank.  Could have been a good game, but they ruined it.  We can only vote with our wallets, it would be nice if we could agree on not buying there games for awhile until they promise to be good.  It is the only language they care about or understand."
76561198086283971,Not Recommended,403640,28127233,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,onethaiguy,"Untill the tech issues are fixed DO NOT BUY. It's unacceptable for the game to run as choppy and slow as it does now. I love the 1st game, and Dishonored 2 makes the best parts even better, but I wouldn't even pay half price untill the game is fixed.EDIT: The 55-ish hours on my record are shared by 3 people, and all of us agree that the game is fun, but not worth the cost. To all of the people that are personally offended, I'm almost sorry. Dishonored is and will always be one of my favorite game worlds, and this new entry is not lacking in atmosphere and style. If it was released as polished as it is now, I would be far more forgiving.Dishonored 2 is a game that is fun to play and great for fans. However, I can not recommend buying unitl it is discounted."
,Not Recommended,403640,26532201,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,ravvy,"Having found a decent enough guide on getting semi-steady frames(if you're curious, It should be on the front page of the r/Dishonored), and at the cost of my eyes, I was able to play through and beat Emilys side of Dishonored 2, which I will consider the main story. This review is PURELY based on the game itself, as I have been able to play it, and nothing about this review will be about the garbage preformance and awful mouse movement.To start, Dishonored 2 is good. It's pretty good. the world is expansive, well read, full of lore and detail. The gameplay feels familiar but fun, with crazy new powers and playstyles to master. Combat feels exciting and stealth is still enjoyable. Dishonored 2's massive story is felt through its level design, where levels feel a lot more open than in Dishonored. Multiple paths are discovered running through the level and at the start, making you want to reply missions over and over just to see what you missed. Voice acting and animations are all spot on, too. Visually Dishonored 2 improves upon Dishonoreds great art direction, with characters looking more rugged and dirty than ever. Enviroments feel diverse too. From big cities to the smaller slums, they all look and feel like they belong where they belong. Sometimes I was so eager to just explore and talk the NPCs that I wouldn't even want to do the mission I was supposed to. That's how much Dishonored 2 will suck you in.THAT BEING SAID... I cannot recommend Dishonored 2 at its current state. And that's because of it's horrid bugs and balance.The BIGGEST and most heartbreaking bug I've encounted is the audio. All of it. Every audio cue or bit of music is prone to bug out. Sometimes they'll play, sometimes they won't. Dialogue will play halfway through and then cut out randomly. I remember two very CONSISTANT parts of the game where the audio was for sure bugged to ♥♥♥♥, and it killed it for me. I had a whole in-game cutscene play out with NO dialogue audio. I had subtitles on, but it was 30 seconds of silence as characters moved about and mouthed nothing. Another scenario, I was stuck on a part and had to keep reloading, hoping to get it perfect. Two NPCs were conversing, but I could not hear it. No matter how many times I reloaded, the audio was never playing. It wasn't until the last time I had to reload the save did the dialogue go through, only to have it cutout halfway through, like I mentioned before. It's insane how something like this snuck through playtesting. I can understand bad preformance. But this is incredibly lazy. Incredibly stupid. I'm not the only person to have experienced this either. Audio is such an important part of a game where STEALTH is the core experience. But I sure as hell had lots of times where I couldn't hear footsteps. Combat music will start up 2 seconds after being alerted, fade out at random times. Ambient audio cuts out weirdly. Sounds coming from your character will stop.As for combat, and this is just really silly. Combat can feel as alive as you make it, but the single most stupidly overpowered thing in the game is the slide. If you're sprinting and try to crouch, you'll do it a slide. Simple enough, you can use that to sneak around. You can ALSO use it to throw an enemy off balance, leading to an execution. This one move is SO strong, you can carry yourself through the whole game on hard with it. That's what I did. It works on regular guards, elite guards, dogs, bloodfly keepers, witches, and even bosses. No joke, I did this on the FINAL boss. Like, this should be the challenging part of the game. This is what the game was leading up to, but oh... I slide into their feet and stabbed them and that was it. It actually shocked me at first, because I wasn't expecting the final boss to be put down like every enemy besides clockwork soldiers.So... that's about it. PREFORMANCE ISSUES ASIDE, Dishonored 2 is good, no doubt, but there's no way I'm recommending this game in the current state that its in. It's a story based, world building experience, and all it's parts need to function to be enjoyed as such. My BF kept telling me to wait for patches and bug fixes, but I had already got pretty far into it. Having found a way to make it semi-playable, I wanted to see it through to the end. Now that I have, It's apparent the game, on PC at least, wasn't tested all that well...As of 11/16, we still have not gotten any word out about when the patch should be coming, or what we can expect. They first made the announcement on 11/11. Whether the patch will also fix some of the annoying and reptitive bugs is another story.------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------At the moment of release, Dishonored 2 is unplayable for me on my fairly mid-range rig(i5-4670 @ 3.40GHz, 8 Gb Ram DDR3, GTX 770, running on windows 10. As a point of reference, this is a machine that can run just about any NEW triple A game comfortably, if you don't mind low/medium settings), and unplayable for a majority of the people with PCs lower and higher than mine. Don't feed into shoddy PC ports and garbage optimization. Don't purchase this game until the issue is fixed for good.As a side note, I wanna talk about the consistant and obnoxious bugs I've encountered in the short time I've been able to play the game. So on top of the poor optimization, there are also audio bugs, where audio will cut seemingly at random. This is not just dialouge either. Combat music and sound effects such as hitting your blade against a wall will refuse to play a sound. Or once it does, it'll stop without warning as if interupted by something. I've had Emily killed by the odd physics a few times too, such as setting a sleeping body down on the ground and watching it fly back to kill me, or setting down a tank of whale oil only to have it explode mysteriously.Behind Dishonored 2s garbage performance and immersion breaking(if occasionally funny) bugs is a good game, I'm sure of it, but this release is wholey unacceptable. I understand a patch is being worked on and should be out in a few days. Here's hoping said patch will bring the game up to speed with its predecessor in terms of playability, because this is disappointing."
76561198128974568,Not Recommended,403640,30174056,Posted: 25 February,all,Horrible Orbit,"To the few people this applies to - forget everything good I've had to say about Dishonored 2. Even the best game is worthless if it's literally unplayable, and Dishonored 2 is precisely that, due to the Denuvo DRM. There are workarounds, but they imply things I don't intend to ever imply to a third party. To elaborate -I played the entire Emily Kaldwin campaign of Dishonored 2 (stealth/mostly lethal), and then had the audacity to increase my system RAM without notifying Denuvo. Now, clearly this just wouldn't do, at least for them. They expect me to send them a notification through their DRM software every time I make a hardware change. Every single time. For free. Obviously I'm not about to take any action that implies that I'm alright with this arrangement, so they're not getting a single bit of data from me that I can avoid giving them (other than indicators that I don't accept, or even condone their terms), and that's why I'm locked out of a game that I already paid for. And already authenticated once through their proposterous DRM software, which I was frankly blindsided by the first time, and not nearly so much now. It's worth pointing out that Steam itself is a DRM software, and every other Bethesda and/or Arkane game sold through Steam has opted out of extraneous DRM for what (I assumed) was an obvious reason.I bought a game from someone who isn't Denuvo (but evidently signed some type of deal with them), only to have Denuvo demand updates on my system changes for free, for a game that I've already authenticated through both Denuvo DRM and Steam, and have had installed for months, and played for over 30 (logged) hours. If I don't comply (which obviously I won't), I'll never get to play the game again. And it's made for a garish exploitation of the refund timeframe loophole. I won't be able to get a refund for a game in which I can't even reach the title screen anymore. Don't let them do the same to you. I appologize to anyone who decided to buy this game due (at least in part) to my previous review. Keep clear of Dishonored 2, and be very cautious about anything Bethesda and Arkane release on Steam in the future, and of Denuvo DRM."
,Not Recommended,403640,26628242,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Jaiseck / GSecurity,"As much as I love the dishonored games, I can't support this one.I'm done with big companies that don't give a damn on users and allow themself to release games with such poor performance quality.Waiting 5+ days for a patch is just too long for me.AAA games are AAA for price, no more for quality, and I will no more support such companies.Refunded as it's the only way for companies to understand enoug it's enough, hit the wallet!"
76561198082463957,Not Recommended,403640,26640677,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,bagool,"Who's the dumb♥♥♥♥ that decided that mouse sensitivity changes based on framerate? In a game that fluctuates framerates constantly below 30 fps on medium settings on a 1070? Refunded immidiatly, this kind of ♥♥♥♥ery of the consumer is unacceptable."
,Not Recommended,403640,26511526,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,SAY10,The game it self is great the sad point is related to the poor pc port!i dont enjoy 30fps drops on medium options in a stealth game... while im running battlefield 1 or infinite warfare on ultra 75fixed fps!Plz care about the pc ports!
76561197981555020,Not Recommended,403640,26514667,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Cygnus Floyd,"Specs:Gtx 970i5 650016GB RAMWin 7 64bit1920X1200 MonitorFirst I must say that I am a huge fan of the first game and was looking forward to playing its sequel enormously.  Now let me talk about the egregious practices employed by developers who port their games to PC in 2016, the year of our lord. I know I'm not alone in saying this but I'm so sick and tired of these ports being pushed to us in such dismal states. I would completely understand if I had fired up the game with ultra settings and got a slideshow. Yeah, I've only got mid range hardware, the boys with the big bucks have fancy toys so they can play on ultra at 60 fps. However, this poorly optimized mess doesnt care if I have it on ultra or very low--- no difference in porformance what-so-ever.  Now this has no bearing on the quality of the game's story or mechanics.  From what little I've played of it I can tell I am going to like it.How games keep getting released in this condition is an insult to all of us as consumers. I can no longer get excited about new releases because I know it will take weeks or even months to get them into a working state. I will be refunding this game with the intentions of purchasing it later when it's a finished product. If you feel as I do, then I hope you do the same.  Paying premium prices for something you must wait to be fixed to actually enjoy is becoming the standard and I don't like it."
,Recommended,403640,32677150,Posted: 23 June,all,picimisakis,"Really nice game mechanically and storywise. But it still needs a lot of fixing in terms of performance.My gtx 970 (overclocked +200 core, +450 memory) barelly handles 1080p 60 at high settings with a lot of drops bellow 20 fps during explosions. I f you have an older gpu better wait for some more patches."
,Not Recommended,403640,26631108,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,iamfrozt,"Highlights: Game is a horrendous, unplayable mess. Don't buy it, unless your life depends on it, or you want to pay 60 bucks for a game you most likely won't even be able to play until some undisclosed future date.Pre-Summary: Disohonored 2 is a broken mess of a release that is all but unplayable by today's standards and expectations for a AAA title release, even on a machine that is arguably at the top end of the spectrum. Unless Arkane/Bethesda can make the game playable (I still haven't been able to successfully play the game past the first chapter), this is by far one of the worst releases I've dealt with in a long time. Like EA quality Battlefield broken, can't play for weeks after launch broken. Don't buy it. STAY AWAY. PROTECT YOUR CHILDREN! Also, be kind and rewind.Details:Pre-ordered the game (yes, I know that's not brilliant in the current world). I typically don't pre-order games, as a result of terrible releases of the past, but I said to myself ""Come on, it's Dishonored. They knocked it out of the park on the first, how hard could it be to release at the worst case a 'good' game. Do it. DOOOOO ITTTTTT."". So I pre-ordered. Holy hell, I was so wrong.I can't state whether the narrative, the gameplay, or the story is good. Why you ask? Because after leaving the first zone in the mansion (which ran beautifully mind you), I entered the second chapter, where you reach the 'open world' scenario. Immediately, the FPS was all over the place, screen tearing was rampant, and the game was such a mess that turning around and moving was so jarring visually, and so laggy that I felt as though I was trying to play the game on a box of rocks. I haven't been able to play the game since the first day it became 'pretend' playable. Don't even let me get started about mouse smoothing and the sh*t port that this is from controller to mouse/keyboard.I've tried everything. I've downgraded graphics drivers, I've upgraded graphics drivers. I've changed from ultra, to very-high, to high- to medium and low. I've turned off AA in game, turned it on in the nvidia console. I've played with nvidia console settings. I've used process manager to attempt stop the Dishonored2.exe process from setting itself to 'low' all the time. I've messed with the config file to try and optimize. I've sacrificed at least 3 goats (one of them could have been a cat, at this point I'm trying anything), and I've prayed to all of the gods dreamt up throughout history. Regardless of all this, and some black magic sprinkled in, the game still runs like absolute sh*t. The last time I experienced a launch this terrible, was probably Battlefield 3, where the servers were inaccessible for over a week after launch and you couldn't even play single player because of DRM. Way to go Arkane/Bethesda. You just joined the ranks of EA level launches.System Specs:Intel i7-5930K64GB DDR4nVidia GTX980Update 12/12/16:After the latest BETA 1.3 Patch went public, and I've converted over to the public release of the patch, the game is running much better. I don't have an explanation as to what Bethesda/Arkane changed between the BETA 1.3 and the PUBLIC 1.3, but something changed. That being said, I can now run the game on high/ultra with minimal to no issues. While this is what one would expect with a AAA release, the fact that this came nearly a month after the actual release date is entirely unacceptable. Individuals who purchased the game at release (or prepurchased the game) effectively bank rolled a failed launch of a game, to a point that it was even worse than an Early Access endeavor given it was completely or nearly unplayable for the first 3 weeks for most PC users. I will not be changing my review of the game, as I believe fundementally this was a flawed product that gamed the system and took advantage of consumers and loyal members of the Dishonored fan-world. The fact that Bethesda has an embargo on early reviews of their releases only continues to support the fact that there was an effort to deliberately mislead the public upon release in order to reap financial rewards on a product that would have otherwise been widely panned by critics and would have had customers wait at least the first month until Bethesda/Arkane did the right thing and released a working product.With respect to the game itself, it's an acceptable installment into the Dishonored franchise. It doesn't really break any new ground, and is more of the same you'd expect from what one could suggest as a full length expansion of Dishonored 1. It's storyline is mediocre, but fulfilling, and the voice acting is on par as well. I am enjoying the gameplay, as Dishonored is still one of the best stealth games to have ever been released, but in my mind the game itself will always be overshadowed by the shambling mess that was released to customers. What could have been an easy 7 or 8 out of 10, is now a middling 4 to 5 in my honest opinion given the entire picture of events.If you buy the game, do it at a discount. If you don't buy the game, count yourself lucky you didn't have to deal with the horrendous launch and lackluster customer service/communication. You aren't missing much."
,Not Recommended,403640,26630713,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Waffalz,"Until they fix the performance issues, I really can't give a bad port a good review."
76561198112980013,Not Recommended,403640,26594724,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Comrade,Same as the rest.Good game.Bad port.Reaaaaaaaally bad port.
76561197971000648,Not Recommended,403640,26619040,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Utopian,Been days since I got this game and i still can't play it.
76561198178426871,Not Recommended,403640,26608332,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,masonic,"Performance issues aside, though they are significant even on high end hardware, this is a bad port. The mouse feels all wrong; simultaneously too fast, and yet too slow. Too precise, and yet clunky and imprecise. The keyboard layout is akward at times, and it can feel like trying to play speed-twister with your fingers in tricky fights. After 2 hours of play I was feeling a little sick (which hasn't ever happened to me before -- a combo of the poor framerate and the highly exaggerated headbob, maybe?) and I was annoyed at the poor optimization, both in terms of mouse and keyboard support, and in terms of performance. So, I got a refund. I can't recommend anyone buy this game until Bathesda sort out its issues."
,Not Recommended,403640,28125112,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Gotenbih,They put the game on sale 2 weeks after it's release. But didn't fix framerate issues.10/10-IGN
,Not Recommended,403640,26592212,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,SEESAW EFFECT,"Will change my review once the patch makes this playable. Meanwhile, the FPS drops especially when entering open areas just kills the experience for me."
76561198070498235,Not Recommended,403640,26574125,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,L7057B711F19,Yet another broken PC port.
,Recommended,403640,31970409,Posted: 26 May,all,Zihamiya,"I played this game on pc and I had so much fun. The combination of stealth and magic works really well. My first playthrough was as Emily in Low Chaos and right after that I played as Corvo in High Chaos. I really like that there are a lot of options if you wanna go for low chaos. After I played low chaos and high chaos I went back to play Dishonored 1. The developers have improved the game and gameplay in Dishonored 2. And I don't get stuck if I walk too close to walls as in the first Dishonored.What I like:Some of the level designs are really cool and creative, I have three favorite missions and places. I like that there are many ways to deal with enemies – use powers, mines, grenades, sleep darts etc. Another good thing is the freedom in how you play: Be unseen in one mission or let guards ring how many alarms they want. Make people sleep and turn a place into a snoring town. Or go haywire on everyone. Your choice.It was fun to escape to rooftops or use blink/far reach to get away from enemies and hide somewhere. To tease and confuse an enemy was also fun, by blinking right in front of one and then blink behind their back. Or distract enemies with a copy of yourself. Both Emily and Corvo have great powers. Upgraded Windblast made me feel like Darth Vader blasting enemies into walls. If only Fus Ro Dah would have been this powerful.Bonecharms can be quite good. Those that aren't, just destroy them and get whalebones.Crafting is a great addition to the game. With whalebones you can craft runes. Even though it cost me runes to learn how to craft runes, it was absolutely worth it.The world was different in my two playthroughs. There were more bloodflies and more dead NPC: s in High Chaos where there were none in Low Chaos. People and guards comment your behavior. I like that there are some noticeable differences.The option to have customized difficulty is nice and New Game + could be fun to try. If I play a third time someday in the future I might try these out.What I don't like:The loading screen when starting up the game could sometimes be very slow.  This is Denuvo's fault.The range of some powers feels shorter than they were in the first game.The upgraded Dark Vision was better in Dishonored 1 and in the dlc:s with Daud. It had much better range and loot was easier to see. In Dishonored 2, the loot is not highlighted enough and the colors look more or less the same. Sometimes I see loot better without using DV. And the range, why is it shorter than in the first Dishonored? I guess one good thing about this is that not all look brown and dark when using DV, as it did in Dishonored 1. But why not use the blue hue that Daud's Dark Vision has in the Dishonored dlc:s?Problems I encountered:Lag once or twice. A few times when I pressed J to go to journal, the game crashed.  Also, there were some stuttering in the beginning when I had graphics maxed out. After I lowered two of these settings, there were no more stuttering."
76561197987207768,Recommended,403640,32667005,Posted: 22 June,all,Morty | gamekit.com,"I played Dishonored 1 and I enjoyed it a lot, same with Dishonored 2 it's a great follow up game, same mechanics but it is 15 years into the future so some things have drasticly changed.I do love the fact that you are able to pick if you want to play Corvo like in the first game or want to try something new out and play Emily the new empress!One thing I find is that the graphics are very good and ""strong"" and therefor fps drops can occur and I have a pretty good pc but it's mostly in a special part of the game:The dust disctrict as sandstorms appear and every little ""sandcorn"" is detailed which takes a lot of your pc's power!Otherwise in my opinion it's a great game with a great storyline and nice stealth systems especially at chapter 4 it's challenging but if you enjoyed Dishonored 1 you will definitively enjoy Dishonored 2!"
,Recommended,403640,29590137,Posted: 30 January,all,Untold,"When Corvo and I took to the streets of Dunwall in Dishonored 1, I would read the in-game books describing Tyvia, Morley, Serkonos, and Gristol and marvel at this excellent world of lore that Arkane has created. There was so much I wanted to see, and I could only dream about visiting a city like Karnaca.For lovers of lore and world-buildling like I am, Dishonored 2 is extraordinary. Before, Dishonored meant Dunwall, but the addition of Karnaca in Dishonored 2 has transformed the Isles into a genuineworld, and frankly, it's immensely exciting.Karnaca is just as amazing as Dunwall. The colorful, decaying buildings and monolithic trees are a beautiful counterpoint to Dunwall's ashen, once-regal boulevards, towering whale oil refineries, and hagfish murals. Instead of hearing the deep horns of whaling ships on the Wrenhaven River, you'll listen to the insects and wildlife populating Serkonos. And taking the place of the Clocktower of Dunwall are wind tubes soaring over the city.Every mission is just as good as or better than those of Dishonored 1. The impeccable level design we've come to expect from Arkane is here, and the environments of each mission are stunningly beautiful. Aside from virtual tourism, each mission offers intriguing enemies, a variety of choices that will impact the world, and sidequests.Dishonored 2's combat is better than ever. I played Corvo Attano without powers on hard and ended up spending most of my time in lethal assault combat. If I had wanted to ghost the entire game, however, I'm fully convinced that I could have done so without powers and on hard. Combat was always intense; enemies were skilled at parrying and working together to surround or corner me, and even encounters with bloodflies and wolfhounds were exhilarating.Dishonored 2 rivals Dishonored 1 in lore. The books scattered across Karnaca are well-written and interesting, and the voice acting in audiologs and NPC conversations is quality work and does establish believability. In addition, the voice actors behind Corvo and Emily are excellent, and their voices fit their characters.The eerie music-- signature to the Dishonored series-- is here, and to be honest, there's nothing like it. It's still subtle and does take a backseat to the environmental storytelling, but I loved every bit of it.The plot is an acceptable continuation of Delilah's quest for power. It's another tale of revenge, of course, and it works well in this sequel. However, it is easier to relate to Hiram Burrows, Pendleton, Havelock and Martin in Dishonored 1 than it is to Meagan Foster, Aramis Stilton, and Kirin Jindosh in this iteration, as Dishonored 2's characters are rather one-dimensional.Arkane's Void Engine looks beautiful, but its performance has not met my expectations. My GTX 970 struggled with the game's object-dense locations (The Royal Conservatory and Kirin Jindosh's laboratory especially) despite running a medley of high and medium settings and having most of the bells and whistles turned off.I love Dishonored 2. It's not perfect, but it's every bit as amazing as Dishonored 1, and I cannot wait to go back and play with powers. This world that Arkane has created is absolutely incredible, and I hope that the studio fleshes the Isles out even more with a journey to Tyvia or Morley in Dishonored 3. Wherever they decide to go, I'm on board."
,Not Recommended,403640,26597149,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,rragh001,Another♥♥♥♥♥♥poor PC port. And just in time to prove Bethesda's review copy policy to be a sham. Will not be supporting this company in the future.
76561198065071208,Recommended,403640,30957836,Posted: 5 April,all,ShortwaveEagle,"So I played the first Dishonored a while after it came out, and I thought it was an amazing game. Both the gameplay and the story were brilliant, so I had high hopes coming for Dishonored 2.I should say now thatI tend to not be too harsh on anything, because I tend to like most things.For me, the Dishonored 2 gameplay and map design met the same high levels as the first, and sometimes succeded it. The massive choice of how to play each level is something so nice to have in what is still a 'linear' story game. It is also very replayable, because of the versatililty of each playstyle/character/level.My only dissapointment was the story; it wasn't bad, just quite generic and predictable. I still enjoyed it none the less, and to be honest, I think it's difficult to make a story good in a sequel, let alone better; if you try something new, it's rarely as good, but if you do the same or similar story as the first, it just feels like aremake of an old game.So overall, still one of my favourite games and I would recommend anyone who likes singleplayer games to play it, but if you ONLY look for story in a game, well... PLay the first one!!P.S Many people have been complaining about performance issues. I am sure they exist, so beware, but weirdly I have experienced none, and I'm on a relatively low/midrange PC."
76561198347550086,Not Recommended,403640,28617091,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,talhahilside,Bought this despite everyones advice not to. Thought the devs might've fixed it by now (writing this on Dec 24th) but they still have not. Refrain from buying this until more patches are released
,Not Recommended,403640,26580950,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Rogerxman,"It has been more than a month and I'm so depressed. Arkane only released beta updates (which means they are not fully tested, lack of confidence and they don't not work well, to be honest).Some people argue that the plot of this game is fantastic so we should hold up a bit.However, I need to clarify something:We are judging a game (of course, story is a part of a game) but don't forget, PC is a platform which is also included in Dishonored 2 development (especially, this is a review on Steam platform. It is not metacritic (PS4) or (XBOX)).Everyone who purchases this game on Steam has his/her right to critise it. I preordered the game. It shares the same price with PS4 and XBOX version. Why do I need to compromise? Cause I am a PC Gamer? My money is gone. Is it rasict or what?Instead of saying ""The VOID engine voids my PC."",Now, I offer you guys the best way to enjoy this game on PC (if you are still reading my review):You get 60FPS on 1080p easily.You get AAx16 turnning on.You get Motion Blur.You get all the speical effects you want.Watching walkthroughs on youtubeAnd I did it."
76561197972729524,Recommended,403640,31286672,Posted: 21 April,all,Perus_TC,"I am happy to report that my initial expectations for this title were WAY outta whack as this game is awe inspiring.Pros:Fantastic Story ElementsGreat graphics that are able to be set to run on many machinesLevel Design reminiscent of the Bioshock seriesVoice Acting that is spot onLocational sounds that are very realisticDetailed and well thought out combat elementsCharacter models are spotlessMany different endings are possible with 2 different charactersEverything ElseCons:Needs 10 sequelsIt isn't often that I resoundingly bark the laud of a sequel to an already outstanding game but,this is an exception.I am on my fourth playthrough and I am not even close to being tired of it.That has only happened to me with the previously stated Bioshock series(1+2) and the Mass Effect franchise along with a little Saints Row the Third thrown in for seasoning.I could not possibly put into words any better with my limited vocabulary how artfully and masterfully done this title is.Anyone and I mean ANYONE who enjoys Stealth\Combat\Story and Ambience in a game will enjoy this.The Devs obviously listened to feedback from the last game and added elements from other long standing series in a way that does not detract from the current experience.Outstanding in every way in my book.12\10"
,Not Recommended,403640,26603035,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Sandi✔,R9 Fury getting 20 fps in the throne room on medium settingslol good joke of a game
76561198218203915,Recommended,403640,32861434,Posted: 27 June,all,ZachMan,"This game went beyond my expectations in how good it was. I love how you can choose between Corvo and Emily for the characters and the voice actors did such a good job of bringing the characters personality out. The voice lines that they have show what they are thinking, what they believe in, how they want to fight. I really enjoyed how the game is more polished then the first one in a lot of ways. The audio is a lot better and the game just looks so much better then the first one. I also really enjoyed Robin Lord Taylor as the Outsider, he really added more the characters. Another thing this game did right was the cutscenes. I love the Outsider cutscenes along with the first one. One thing that didn't happen to me but a lot of my friends was where the frames dropped because of the blood flies. I don't know why mine never dropped but its a shame that they couldn't fix that before the game released."
76561198008302916,Recommended,403640,26743251,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,dirtyCAT,The 1.2 patch (currently in the beta branch) has totally fixed this game for me.I can now run it supersampled at 60FPS with settings up high as suggested by Nvidia Ge Force Experience.Finally this game is running in all its glory. Looks beautiful. Silky smooth (finally) and as amazing as you would expect from a Dishonoured sequel. Everything i hoped it would be.Lets not forget how terrible the initial launch version was. Not the devs fault. Its the publishers greed not allowing a delay which would have ironically prevented loss of sales from negative reviews.Great job devs. Maybe find a better publisher next time around :pCPU: AMD FX-8350GPU: NVIDIA GeForce GTX TITAN XRAM: 16GBSTORAGE: 2x 1tb SSD (one boot drive - one for games)RESOLUTION:  Upscaled 2x to 2715x1527 (1920x1080 native)
76561198039685150,Not Recommended,403640,28200434,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Arceedos,"I might as well have bought a Telltale Games title because being handed this mess after waiting literal years for it made me want to cry. Time to wait a few more weeks until the next update that's hopefully coming. Almost a month, a freaking month, and no definite fix. This broken games trend needs to stop. I'm not refunding because I still have some shred of hope for a fix. Let's hope two more weeks don't pass without some kind of update or Arkane will have sold me a 60 dollar Game-Crash simulator.I'm beyond disheartened.EDIT 12/5/2016, 3:42 PM: I installed it on my buddy's computer, a big beefy machine, and it has some stuttering issues and the mouse feels a tad wonky but it's a good game. I just cannot, in good conscience, recommend this game to anyone that doesn't have a top-of-the-line machine or a console.Wait it out. Read the reviews. This one will be edited when the definitive fix comes out."
76561198062643815,Not Recommended,403640,26559510,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Asterix,"Assassin's creed without the open world, with superpowers. 10/10 concept 10/10 gameplayReview based on 1 playthrough with 30-40 fps.Devs made a great game, Bethesda ruined it. If you're wondering about wether you should get the game or not, definately get it because this is a one of a kind game... but wait a while before you do get it because there is a big chance that your pc wont be able to get steady 60fps or even 40 right now. It wont matter if you're running 1080's, it's still a gamble. Bethesda chose to publish the PC version before having it optimised, the devs don't have anything to say about this. Dishonored 2 is their baby and they would spend hundreds of hours more on it if they could. Don't blame the devs, they have proven to be very good at their jobs.You get to play as two assassins with superpowers.. there haven't been any other games that gave me this feeling of being a badass assassin. Oh and the story is pretty ♥♥♥♥ing awesome aswell and you don't really need to play dishonored 1 first, you'll just miss out on an awesome story and a little background info on emily and corvo. Whatever, dishonored 1and 2 are not mainly liked for the story.It's liked for the unique ways of killing people and just overall fun gameplay. There's lots of upgrades that'll completely overhaull your gameplay so you can replay the game over and over again. This may sound repetitive, but it's not, because there's different approaches to every mission that not only change things in the current mission but it changes things in the next missions too. And As you can see, i've played 26 hours and I only did a single playthrough. I was speedclearing it at first, but then I realised I was missing out on alot of stuff because there's alot of secrets going on and amazing sub stories. example; you see a house that looks closed off, you walk past a bush or notice a breakable point in the wall which enables you to enter the house and the house tells a story. It's like this with so many areas, alot of areas tell a story. Sometimes a story is told by an environment without having even read a single note..So the gameplay can be as long as you want, it will take a while before it stops being fun and before all secrets are known to you.This is the game of the year, definately.. 10/10 game and my judgement is not clouded by the fanboy in me. It's just not game of the year yet you know.. cause it's not finished yet!(i will change this review to positive once the game is finished)"
,Recommended,403640,26514895,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Jacket,"I am absolutely speechless.This is the most worthy sequel Dishonored could have possibly gotten. One of my top 3 games of all time, played through multiple times on PC and console, now has a proper continuation.EDIT 11/13/16: Just finished my first lethal run-through of the game as Emily. My review still stands. So much creativity and love went into making this game, and it shows.EDIT 11/21/16: The performance issues plaguing the game have been fixed. Runs like butter on my GTX 970 and i7 4790k, 16GB of RAM. Constant 60FPS at 1080p with no stuttering running on Very High / Ultra.The game itself:Every gameplay element has been expanded on, powers now have upgrade tiers to let you choose specifics, swordfight mechanics have been improved, stealth has been improved, and the visuals, animations, and story are stunning so far. The voice acting is top notch, and the new chaos system, along with more options for non-lethal combat (even in full alert situations) allow for more diverse and fun approaches to scenarios. Emily and her new abilities are incredibly refreshing if you've played Dishonored 1 to death with Corvo's abilities like I have. That being said, Corvo also has some new improvements and upgrades that make his new gameplay equally as enthralling. The AI is incredibly smart this time around, as far as I can tell, and I haven't been detected in any scenario that wasn't entirely my fault. Hard work clearly went into the genius level design throughout this entire game. There's so much fun and freedom to be had. I can't recommend it more. After 4 playthroughs, I'm still finding new and interesting methods as well as secrets and alternate paths to the story.I am overjoyed with this game. It's everything Dishonored would have been in a perfect world."
,Not Recommended,403640,26645119,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,[VCTY] Whyit,"The framerate doesn't fluctuate anymore! Yay!The gameplay is super exciting and fun. All the new grusome ways to dispatch or knock out your enemies are super fun to try. The combat is a lot faster than the first Dishonored and not as smooth, but the new abilities like mid-combat fatalities and knock outs make it super fun.The stealth is pretty much the same as the first one, which is not a bad thing at all. If it ain't broke don't fix it, right?The new location is a welcome and colorful change from Dunwall's rather bland coloring style.But though the framerate doesn't hurt my eyes anymore it still kind of sucks. I have a GTX 970 which should run this game just fine. But in large open areas and in the first scene the framerate dips below 50 on Ultra and that's with all the extra stuff off (like Bloom, Rat Shadows, etc).That sounds like a whiny PC elitist who expects all his games to run on Ultra, but I can run Far Cry 4 on max and keep above 70. So I'm calling this a bad port.Still keeping this on ""Not Recommend"" because if you don't have a great PC you really won't get the best experience. :("
76561198114417191,Not Recommended,403640,28179351,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Mistakamikaze,"Note: this review is ignoring the bugs and other technical issues and focusing solely on the gameplay and story.Note 2: After playing this game for a couple more hours and returning to play the original game i've added several edits. Please thumbs this review up. I want as many people to read it so they don't buy this let down on full price. Bethesda and Arkane really let us down this time around and if we continue to accept half-arsed unfinished games things won't get better.Honestly this game was a rollercoaster with lots of highs and lots of lows. Edit 1: Dishonored 2, I must stress, is not a bad game. It’s a decent enough production in comparison to contemporaries but suffers CONSIDERABLY when directly compared to it's prequel.1.Combat and StealthPositives:There is far more diversity, especially for non-lethal gameplay. Players can now do a non-lethal ‘drop assassination’ as well as rendering enemies unconscious in fights. Enemies can be choked out not just from the back but also from the side. You won’t have to use a sleep dart on an enemy because he’s leaning on a wall anymore. Whereas Corvo’s ‘rat swarm’ and ‘wind blast’ abilities were largely lethal, all of Emily’s abilities can be used in both ways. Essentially non-lethal players are no longer confined to choking enemies from the back and using sleep darts. The kill cams are absolutely gorgeous and there are tons of diverse upgrades out there.There is a new ‘detection meter’ which is a large improvement over the first game and there is no more recurring dialogue which is actually quite refreshingNegatives:Both characters are incredibly over powered and this completely shatters immersion. Even on the hardest difficulty I would never die. This was a serious problem on the first game and instead of fixing it they only made it worse. I honestly don’t know what was going through the developer’s heads. the most glaring example of this is the 'slide assassination.' it can be continuously spammed even when not moving and is an instant kill. ridiculous and breaks immersion...2.SettingSupporting charactersAwful... it’s honestly awful. In the first game, the supporting characters were excellent. You had the weasel lord Pendleton, the carefree Martin, the mysterious Havelock, the recluse and awkward Pierro and good ol’ Samuel. In this game you have an incredibly boring and silent Megan and a lacklustre Sokohlov. These are only two characters and they hardly interact. There is a complete lack of characterisation. You could not give a ♥♥♥♥ about them.Targets and ‘Villains”Edit 2: the series of antagonists introduced are disposed of with little fanfare. While the original Dishonored provided a real rogue’s gallery of nefarious conspirators who ruled over memorable locations, its sequel has a series of flat knockoffs. Dishonored worked hard to make you hate its coterie of conspirators. In Dishonored 2, the villains’ personalities barely shine through – they’re names to be crossed off a list, and that’s that. Aside from the narcissistic genius Kirin Jindosh and his transforming clockwork mansion, not a person or place is anywhere near as evocative as those encountered in Corvo’s initial adventure. There is no House of Pleasure, no Lady Boyle’s Last Party, nothing truly inspiring throughout Dishonored 2‘s rote chapters.Similarly, the methods of disposal are not as varied this time around. While Dishonored often provided several inventive methods of assassination including the bizarrely crueler nonlethal route, the methods of murder are distinctly less inventive this time around. There’s still a nonlethal options, but nothing quite so great as setting up poisonings and the like.KarnacaNot as good as Dunwall. That’s all that can really be said. Whereas Dunwall had a feeling of dread and despair with Weepers, rats, tallboys etc... Karnaca has... no feel at all. It’s like the dev’s threw random♥♥♥♥♥♥in. You straight away learn the bloodflies are native to Karnaca and have always been here. Their presence is nowhere near as strong as the rats in Dunwall and they don’t impact the story at all. They’re just there... like wtf. High chaos or low Chaos doesn’t feel any different. I don’t feel as if the City is dying and tearing itself apart as Dunwall felt like. The inhabitants don’t react any differently. The targets don’t react differently at all. In the first Dishonored if you went around killing everyone there would be far more weepers and rats. The lord regent freaks out and goes hiding in a safe room. In this game there is literally nothing.StoryWow... they really ♥♥♥♥ed this up big time. The story is presented as a plethora of narration, exposition and hand holding. It’s the stupidest thing in the world. “I feel this” “I’ve learnt this” “I’m going to do this”Edit 3: The beggining of the game is incredibly rushed as the devs try to recapture what they believe made dishonored so great the first time around (soley it's gameplay). By doing this they have completely broken any sense of immersion, world building or characterisation which is what actually made the original dishonored good, coupled with it's incredible gameplay.The endings are AWFUL. It’s choppy. It’s not a continuous conclusion with a continuous soundtrack. It’s just an image, words, sound. Then an abrupt cut to the next image and soundtrack and then rinse and repeat. The ending is not contiguous, it’s not touching and its complete crap compared to the first game.In conclusion i must stress that i take no pleasure in passing  a harsh sentence on Dishonored 2. Dishonored was one of my favourite games of all time. yet it is so glaringly obvious this game was rushed. There are so many more problems with this game that could have been fixed if the release was delayed 3 months, but i can’t even be ♥♥♥♥ed to list them all out. This game was a massive disappointment and i would not recommend it unless it’s on a sale."
,Recommended,403640,33693227,Posted: 21 July,all,Archon,"More revenge, more super natural powers, more playable characters, more story, more secrets.Absolutely would blink again 10/10What will we do with the drunken whalerWhat will we do with the drunken whalerWhat will we do with the drunken whalerEarly in the Morning"
76561198035883457,Recommended,403640,32799915,Posted: 25 June,all,SkulBlaka,"i7 and GTX960 here and the game runs smoothly . Granted, it is with lowered graphics, but still very nice. Game as good as the first one :) enjoy"
76561198074574858,Not Recommended,403640,26620667,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,porkrill,Seriously how little effort can they put into a port omg still no fix
,Not Recommended,403640,28241887,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Vawn,"Should have been delayed by 2 months, even after 2 patchs it is still unplayble"
,Not Recommended,403640,26516361,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Harrino,30-40 fps on Ultra. 35-45 fps on lowest settings. I have the latest drivers and a 1070. ♥♥♥♥ this
,Not Recommended,403640,26514545,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Random Stoner Dragunov,"I don't have the strongest PC, but if my computer can run Witcher 3 at 60 FPS on Medium settings with 0 frame drops then there is no reason it should be struggling to play this game on Very Low settings.The framerate fluctuates in such a wide margin that gameplay feels extremely inconsistent and unpleasant to play.Unless you have a very high end machine I cannot recommend you pick this game up on PC until the optimization is addressed.It's a sad day when you play on a PC 3-4x more powerful than a modern console yet your experience is inferior. I guess that's the nature of things now."
,Recommended,403640,34156623,Posted: 10 August,all,Telep0rting Awes0me Guy,"Try out the demo if you are worried about performance issues !I feel this game got very under-looked, surely the performance issue's can't be ignored however the fact they've been releasing update's still after the release does show the developers trying to make up for their mistake's as well by having prey released in a more than stable state as well the demo as stated above is a good way to check.If you are new to the series or a returning player, you'll def enjoy your time here, a lot of improvements over the core dishonored game play, astounding level design and quite a bit more whistle the story suffered a punch yet the game-play and the atmosphere overall make's up for it.Many complaints from the original have been looked into, there's more option's for silent and non lethal takedown's, the A.i has received a major improvement, guard's even notice if a door has been left open by you which previously was closed and much more, difficulty level is extremely customizable, bonecharms can be crafted, the game is extremely re-playable for what it is, specially now due to the two protagonists as well a lot of difficulty options.The graphics on a technical level are really impressive, the colors are however very washed out which is why the game can look very dry to say for the least, to make it shine i recommend using a sweetfx, there will be a bit of performance hit however the colors are just worth it, this one would be my recommendedhttps://sfx.thelazy.net/games/preset/6456/Sound design is just phenominal, each level has fitting background sounds as well in general footstep sounds and general gameplay one's are really well done, voice acting is also really good for both the main character's and all the other's, music is just spot on as well there are some song's sung in the game by people making the atmosphere ever more better.The level design and the overall freedom given to the player is really just all one could want, location's always have multiple pathway's, level's are really huge for a game that isn't even open-world and karnaca give's a breath of fresh air to dishonored in general, it feel's like a timeless place where you would want to watch the sea, many interesting and unique levels here, particularly the clockwork mansion, the game architecturally is truly a masterpiece.Having said all that however the story and general character development did suffer a blow, objective's can still be all approached in 2 different way's when it comes to the story however the ending's do leave much to be desired, much of it also feels very straightforward and your character somehow know's stuff out of now-where to begin with, basically it feel's quite rushed to say but non the less, it still manage's to be interesting and has those nice tid bit's however dishonored 1 is clearer better in the story part, the combination of such a master-crafted story combined with the level design and game-play of this would make for a dream game.Definitely just go and pick this one up, the people at arkane did not disappoint, a lot of passion put into it as all their other project's also to note this isn't precisely a complete review to say for the least and rather than some thought's rambling however i felt i really had to write this so people do not shy away from experiencing this game.For those of you who still stuck around, i can't forget to mention how beautiful the enviroment in general lookshttp://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=931025044http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=933155116"
,Not Recommended,403640,28630604,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Bob Diggler,"After waiting for several weeks post release (2 patches) I ""assumed"" Bethesda would have sorted out their mess of a PC port for this game.  I was wrong.I was only in the game for 11 minutes, and long enough for me to realise that the technical issues still existed.  The micro stuttering is terrible, completely ruins the game - and my PC is not a potato (i7, gtx980ti, 16gb ram, SSD, basic install of Win10, etc).  It actually feels like a game that is being run under emulation on a VM.Excellent game ruined, but the technical quality is terrible.  This is after the god awful launch of Fallout 4 and its 60fps/full screen timer/desync issue (plus numerous other issues).I will never buy another Bethesda game.  Ever."
76561198240401900,Not Recommended,403640,28125959,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Bazzer Black,"After very recently completing the first Dishonored I had extremely high hopes and enthusiasm coming into Dishonored 2.  Only then to have those hopes crushed becasue I couldn't even experience the game that Arkane Studios made becasue the performance is absolutely attrocious.  I made sure to buy after the 1.2 patch and I was STILL getting mouse issues in menus and large amounts of stuttering and framerate inconsistencies. I have a 6600K, 16gb of ram and a GTX 970. I don't expect to be able to play games on Ultra anymore at 60fps. But on a game that isn't very graphically intensive like Dishonored 2 I expect 60 fps on LOW. I can't recommend this game until it gets majorly fixed. Do not buy this game unless they pay YOU to get it.(p.s.) I really enjoyed the voice acting (:"
76561197994674609,Recommended,403640,31518879,Posted: 2 May,all,Herald_UK,"""Cos You Know When You Feel Deja Vu...""Now, I don't want to spend the next few paragraphs constantly drawing comparisons between this and Dishonoured 1. But I'm afraid that, that is where it will be going, so apologies in advance.Dishonoured 2 is awesome ! And it should be, because the first game was. And why should that be ? Because it's pretty much nearly EXACTLY the exact same game. See ? The two are so similar and near indistinguishable from each other, I had to use the word ""exact""twice. Fair enough, it's a new generation and the graphics might be a bit flashier (Perhaps not the right phrase to use but we'll roll with it and get to that more in a minute), and it's a brand new story (if somewhat drab here and there). ButArkane Studioshave played it excessively safe here, with little to no thought on innovation. D2 is to the first game, what Batman : Arkham Knight is to Arkham City. The scale might be larger, (map wise anyway), but there's not really enough here to set the two games apart. And despite this size and scale, D2 has a feel very much akin to that of a DLC expansion. One that just simply adds more. More, more and more of the same.As I waffle this out, I am currently close to the endgame and it is only just starting to faulter a little when weighed against it's predecessor. Which as you may remember got steadily more awesome as it went along. D2 doesn't seem to be following that pattern at all. Preferring to maintain a steady pace throughout. So steady infact that if you could view D2s progression on an oscilloscope. I'd make a safe bet that you would be treated to little more than a steady flatline throughout.So far for missions one through eight, the bar hasn't been raised one single iota. That's not to say that the game hasn't had it's moments and does on occasion show a style of design that is simply wonderful. The Mansion of the inventorKirin Jindoshbeing particularly noteworthy. I won't ruin any suprises but my goodness, from a level design perspective it's just pure art. It's bloody lovely to experience. Even if it does come with the downfall of the wooden clockwork robots. A feature which has been lauded around to much fanfare by adverts and ""professional reviews"". But for me I was sorely disappointed, seeing as they can see in every direction, are tough as nails (with other nails knocked into them), and are seemingly impossible to stealth kill. Which ultimately made what could have been a genius legendary level, to rival and surpass any level on any game ever; By turning it into a mindless (but sadly necessary), open war destructathon. Which would be fine if this wasn't supposed to be aSTEALTHgame.A couple of levels later comes the home of a guy namedAramis Stilton, Which also has a fun and beautifully designed level involving.. Well, again, ""spoilers"". Which I am most hesitant to do, but take my word, it is wonderful, has to be experienced and is equally as inventive as the Jindosh Mansion.Had read quite a few articles on the run up to release about all the innovations Arkane had made to this sequel. One from Rolling Stone springing to mind. But when you're in the thick of it traversing the environment, they are barely noticable.Plotwise, yeah it's OK and is more directly linked to D1s DLC rather than it's main campaign. Though the whole alternative plague business is so very naff. Just like Dunwall in the previous game, the city of Karnaca has been slowly turned into a massive disease ridden cesspit. Though instead of hordes of wandering rats; This time it'sBloodfliesthat are the source of the cities troubles. These nesting insects are sort of like mosquitos, except they act like they've been snowballing PCP whilst chugging down steroid & vodka chasers all day. Which just seems like a cheap and convenient way to bridge similarity between D1 & 2 and give an excuse as to why Karnaca (just like Dunwall before), has been reduced to a sprawling slumpit. Only it doesn't quite feel right on this occasion tbh. And it sticks out like a man in a mucky mack at a nudist beach, throughout the entire game. And unlike the first Dishonoured, they are pretty much the only creatures that you will encounter throughout. You won't spend enough time near the water to be bothered by the nibbling fish. And the barnacles have been written right out.Graphics are good (Stunning even), when there are lighting effects about. But in the shaded areas the textures appear harsh and ugly. Also gone for this second outing, is the beautiful art style. It is similar, but the unique way that the last game was portrayed, with having the painted textures and noticable brushstrokes on every surface. All that is done away with and it feels like Dishonoured has lost its face somewhat. Like if the next Borderlands came about without it's comicbook style artwork. It is completely to its detrement.My biggest bone of contention for this sequel is ""Blink"". Yes, that most basic of basic skills that you aquire at the start of the game in order to get around the environments quickly and unseen. Except this time, this skill is absolutley horrible to use. Blink now comes with a downward curve on its aim. And you are going to flabberghasted at the weird angles you're going to have to point the camera in order to aim for certain platforms. It's just well... STUPID. With that bloody pointer sticking to ANY surface... Apart from the one that you want to actually aim for. There are also occasions when you can't seem to jump 2 foot in front of you, for being ""out of range"". Yet other occasions you can leap half way across the map. Not sure what Arkane did to this most basic of basic abilities.. But I wish they hadn't.Also done away with is the stealth / shadow icon... WHY ? I don't get it.So that's Dishonoured 2. Great in some places, astounding in a few, way worse in others and on the whole is a much more plodding affair than Dishonoured was. Featuring some gorgeous settings, yet somewhere along the road, Arkane seem to have struggled in filling and fleshing out their world this time around. If you played the first game, you will more than likely enjoy this one. If you haven't played the first game, then go do that. As it is a far more solid, functional, rounded, unique and enjoyable experience than this sequel can ever hope to be. And from a game mechanics perspective; It almost feels like D2 should have really been the first game. As it feels like more of a step backwards, rather than an evolution.Nevermind. Perhaps if or when this ip eventually becomes a trilogy. A third game might readdress this balance somewhat.6/10***EDIT*** Ok so actually in the long run, I had to quit playing to avoid falling into a permenant Dishonoured 2 induced coma of terminal boredom. You may find it interesting so I will keep the blue thumb up. But tbh It ended up being rather mind numbing all in all (Like so many releases that are being fetched forth from AAA land this generation). A bland chore that just didn't hold my interest long enough to be bothering with in getting through to the final mission..."
,Not Recommended,403640,26744074,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Gomer Pyle,"So, look, the framerate isn't great all the time, most of the time it's entirely playable, the problem is that there are random drops in FPS throughout the city, regardless of the settings there are performance issues where there shouldn't be any... i7 6790k, GTX1080 ROG, 16GB of RAM. Even with VSYNC Turned on, there were noticable drops in framerate. It is fun though, not worth full price at all.FINAL VERDICT: Purchase either while on sale, or at full price after the performance has been hammerd out a bit better."
76561198008639795,Not Recommended,403640,32101006,Posted: 31 May,all,CT Pro,"I wish that I could recommend Dishonored 2, I really do.I played it through twice on the PS4, and heartly enjoyed myself, with only minor frustrations.However, the PC version of this game is...awful. I'm not sure who is responsible for the barely functional, highly unstable PC port for this game, but I wish they would step forward. As of now, I can't recommend it. The developers seem to be attempting to fix it, but it runs worse than the original, and that is unacceptable on my rig.My advice: Play it on a console, as it seems to be more stable, and pray that Arkane does right by us PC players and fixes it. Should that happen, I might change my review, but as it is, it simply doesn't work, and I refuse to spend any more time attempting to coerce the thing."
,Recommended,403640,26600452,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,infector,"HOW TO FIX PERFORMANCE ISSUES:-Download Project Lasso and set the priority for Dishonored 2 to Always Above Normal-FOR NVIDIA USERS: Set max prerendered frames to 1 in the nvidia control panel for this game-edit the .ini file to turn mouse smoothing off (tutorial is on google)-enjoy the gameLiterally fixed every issue I had with performance by doing this ^ getting steady 60fps except in huge open cities where it may drop to 45fps.Once you tweak the game to run properly it's a FANTASTIC game. The graphics truly are next-gen and the detail throughout the world is superb. It improves on the original in every way and the time piece mechanic is really really ♥♥♥♥ing awesome. Yes the port is bad, but I for one won't let that stop me from playing a game I've waited years for when simple tweaks fix all of the issues..."
76561198296318032,Recommended,403640,26736119,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,nikola.djura91,"Amazing game. I loved the first one, and the second installment is even better. There is not a single boring level and the idea that you can play as Emily and Corvo is an awesome reason for a second playthrough. I've played as Emily on my first run and I'll wait for a patch when they fix the graphics to really enjoy the game.I think I've had like three moments when the game would for a moment get unplayable and one crash when i fell from the floor into oblivion xD and also even on ultra the game was still kinda blury for me.But I really hope that all those PC players who have given up on this awesome game will come back after the fix because it really is an amazing experience well worth the money. Some of the levels were like mindblowing."
,Not Recommended,403640,28210926,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Fe[A]rless Knight,"Dishonored 2 dishonored Dishonored PC Gamers . Terrible optimization unplayable , bad PC port , Glitch enemy see player trough wall never fixed , Update 1.3 no improvement at all . This game is still early acces on PC . Not worth 50$ also better play this game on console . So far not reccomended to purchase and play . Wait on sale 20$ or low  / Until newest update fix graphic optimization."
,Recommended,403640,33759559,Posted: 23 July,all,[TKZ] The_MixMaster™  ☭,Didnt adore it lke dishonored 1 but still love it.
,Not Recommended,403640,26761150,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Boyd Doghouse,"Released to ""critical acclaim"" on consoles while the best platform out there with the most loyal fanbase is left in the dirt without a paddle up♥♥♥♥♥♥creek. Can't get anywhere near 60FPS even with these useless patches and I am personally refusing to play the game until they sort it out.Arkane ♥♥♥♥ed up and Bethesda didn't force them to fix it. I pre-ordered this game and still haven't been able to play it."
,Not Recommended,403640,26545949,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,bat,Bethesda should feel dishonored for releasing a game this unfinished.
76561198104169667,Recommended,403640,31070073,Posted: 10 April,all,Diyavol,"Game is very good, much better than it's predecessor (yes, true; gameplay and all other things). There was some performance and optimization problems but almost all fixed now. Buy and play this game. Dishonored 2 is a masterpeace game with all it's items; combat, stealth, gameplay... Everything. Also Dishonored 2 have very high replayability."
76561198068689934,Not Recommended,403640,26645501,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Gladstone,DO NOT PURCHASE THIS GAME!! HOLY HELL THIS IS ONE OF THE WORST PC PORTS I'VE EVER PLAYED.. If you want to buy a game where you spend more time in the settings then actually playing then by all means. I just refunded my pre-order of Dishonored 2 after waiting for a patch that doesn't seem like will ever come. F***ing shame cuase I loved the first game..OH well on to the next one (^_^)
,Not Recommended,403640,26515267,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Der Überführer des Flammenwerfer,"I love Dishonored. I do. The first game is in my top 5 best games of all time due to its story, flow, and fantastic gameplay and immersion. However what ive seen so far is a bad port to PC. Dishonored 2 looks so fun yet my $1000 PC can barely keep up on low settings. Not only this, but the game needs MAJOR fixes. Youre detected while sneaking, in cover, AND far away, but not when you LITERALLY walk in front of some guards within arm reach. The sound is weird and will be muffled when it shouldnt be, and I can hear things like theyre next to me when their on the floor above me or in a room down a halllway. Simple things like in Dishonored 1 like climbing that were once so smooth and FELT badass, now are buggy and leave me trying to vault a simply ledge for several seconds or outright fail completly and have me fall to my doom. Blink also is hard to aim at targets and many ledges simply feel to far to even get to, even with the upgrade for distance. Ive only played a couple hours and will play more tomorrow but from what ive seen I'd reccommend steering clear from this until they fix these issue. IF they fix these issues. The entire time playing through this laggy, buggy, port from console i felt a sense of disappointment. Dishonored was a 10/10 game in my opinion. This? This cannot even be rated because i know its not at its full potential. I am so against preordering games but i made an special treatment for this game. I now regret my decision. PLEASE arkane studios... optimize this game and rework the climbing/alerting of enemies/and blink! These are game breaking. Dont bring this title down from its original masterpiece because youre trying to suck out our wallets. YOU WERE THE CHOSEN ONE"
76561198104520036,Not Recommended,403640,29330336,Posted: 17 January,all,_andyrx7_,"Dishonored was one of my favorite games ever, so this was the game I had been most looking forward to in 2016. Unfortunately I have found it to be, overall, a disappointment. First, it's crippled by the performance issues. I have a decent PC (gtx 1070 and overclocked 4670k) and it's stutter city. Compared to, for example, DOOM (not a game I like very much either by the way, but it runs amazing), this port is a joke. The performance issues are real. Second, the story is nowhere near as well crafted or engaging as the first game. There is literally no pacing, no good plot twists -- just one level after the next, with the story feeling like padding the dev team phoned in. the hub area is frankly terrible and feels like an afterthought, with none of the charm of the Hound's Pit Pub. The characters and voice acting are likewise not in the same class. Third, while the levels are large, they lack the immersion and variety of the first game. There is nothing like Lady Boyle's party, nothing like the feeling of being betrayed and fighting your way out of the Flooded District. These problems combine to mean that while each level, taken in itself, may be technically impressive (there are undeniably some great ideas here -- the clockwork mansion and the mansion in the dust district being the highlights), overall the game doesn't draw you in and make you care, make you feel immersed as the character in the situation, in the awesome way the first game did. To me the first game was one of my most memorable gaming experiences that I'll never forget -- this one is impressive at times but overall a frustrating experience that never coalesces to the masterpiece it could have been. It'd be a decent game, a solid but not a top recommendation for the sales, if not for the terrible performance issues. Unless they address those my advice is to avoid this one for now. It's such a disappointment writing this, especially in a year so bereft of strong AAA games -- this one was 2016's chance to redeem itself. Too bad."
,Not Recommended,403640,28600005,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,akademiks,"I got this in the sale, and I have around 30 minutes in it, and trust me, if you liked dishonored, Dishonored 2 will be you GOTY. This is one of those sequels where nearly everything is better. While the previous game limited non lethal kills, this one welcomes it, making it a lot cooler to knock someone out instead of choking them. However, as of now, I cannot recommend it. On a 1060 6GB I would get a sturdy 60 frames per second, on ultra. great right? Except, once entering open areas, the fps drops, and it drops drastically. We're talking to around 25-30 fps, just out of no where. This is really disruptive in a stealth game. Dishonored 2 is GOTY material, one of the greatest stealth games in years, really since the first dishonored. Yet the issues plague the game completely, making it really hard to enjoy the beautiful scenery or the new mechanics. Patches have been deployed, but the performance is still no where near what it should be. Until the issues are fixed, I don't recommend it. Unless you loved the first game and are willing to look past the issues."
76561198018671284,Recommended,403640,30966372,Posted: 5 April,all,Ian,Skipped the game at launch because of all the reported issues. Played it through once this week and loved every second of it. Probably my fave game of the last 12-18 months or so.
,Not Recommended,403640,26525879,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,ShadowHunter,"Very sad that this game is that badly optimised. The FPS drops every time you are in an open area, even if I run it on Medium with a Geforce 980 G1 Gaming, the same card that allows me to run Crysis 3 on Ultra with a smooth 60 FPS.I'm a big fan of the first Dishonored and this one seems really good but it's just unplayable. These days, we pay 70$ for a game and it's full of issues at launch.For now, I really don't recommend it. The next patch might take a while..."
76561198049343686,Not Recommended,403640,26597429,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,TuQuoque,The gameplay is good. The performance is bad. I just went to sleep while the game is running.
,Recommended,403640,33369042,Posted: 8 July,all,✪Hidden,"""Throws a shot glass into the back of a guards head""Guard: ""Huh?...................................................................If that was a rat, it was a fat one""10/10"
,Not Recommended,403640,32224818,Posted: 6 June,all,brosgw,"Tried the demo, seemed to work ok. Then I got into bigger missions and the game lagged quite heavily and with frequent stutters and frame drops. It is not very optimized for PC."
76561198030801845,Not Recommended,403640,26604768,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Mr. Bungle,"This game is really fun! The story is intriguing and the combat is just like the 1st game which I loved.  I played the first dishonored multiple times, enjoying each new play through more than the last.  Unfortunately it runs like♥♥♥♥♥♥and I'm running it on a amd 8350 fx/16 gig of ram ,with a gtx 1080.   The frames in Dunwall go from 60 fps to as low as 12 fps.  Its a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ pc port atm.  Please patch ASAP or I'll have to refund it.  So I can't recommend at this time. If they patch it and I can maintain a steady framerate then I'll change my rating."
76561198192908074,Not Recommended,403640,26523020,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,A Spooky Beyorlan12,"Currently waiting on a refund request, this is one of the most unpleasent games to play due to the massive frame drops and the sensitivity being tied directly to fps. The smooth combat we all know and love from D1 is there but completly hampered by the performance issues. The game barely looks any better than D1 which I'm not complaining about I loved the art style but there is zero reason for it to be having the performance issues. Simply a poorly optimized port.Gameplay, story and characters so far seem good but the performance ruins it. If they manage to fix the issues I will probably rebuy it but in it's current state I can't recomend it."
,Not Recommended,403640,26531091,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Tuckinator,"Pros- Cool levels, and improved textures from last game with decent new powers.cons- Controls feel sluggish, The Outsiders voice actor (seriously laughable if he is trying to be meanicing.) textures pop so bad, light effects stutter to all hell, enemys and npcs sometimes walk in place and block progress for my no seen playthrough because they dont move, performance, ( even with my good pc) 17 save slots? are you joking? i save a lot with a low chaos run, lean system is ♥♥♥♥ed for me and wont work, basically everything else. Never thought they would go backwards with this title what a disappointment."
,Not Recommended,403640,32789382,Posted: 25 June,all,Ziac45,I loved the first Dishonored and liked what I got to play of this one. Unfortunately even with a decent rig it started crashing constantly. I had to refund the game because I could no longer play more than a few minutes of it before it crashed out on me.
,Recommended,403640,28199049,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Vie,"After playing this game for 20 hours more than the original - and that was with all its DLC - I think it's time to review Dishonored 2.I've seen a lot of anger directed towards the game because of its lack of PC optimisation, and while I can understand why people feel the way they do, I think that it's important to view the game in a larger scope. I know it's difficult when many cannot even play it - though I personally didn't encounter any issues so gamebreaking that it really affected me - but it's clear that the developers spent a lot of time and energy to make this game, and that should be noted.The devs' love for the world they have handcrafted is apparent in the level design and art, with the same standout style that was present in the original, now improved. The paint-like textures are back, and more high-res and beautiful than ever. It's a joy just to be immersed in Karnaca (and Dunwall) as I roam the streets and buildings trying to find all the little nooks that Arkane hid for those interested in exploration. I'm on my second run andstillcoming across new places that I missed on my first, even though I tried to be as thorough as possible at the time; my first playthrough was 42 hours long!Furthermore, the lore-building through notes and audiographs, as well as NPC conversations, make the city a living, breathing thing. Though sometimes it gets a bit overwhelming having so much text to comb through, it's optional, and it's awesome that a choice is given to the players - if you really want to delve deep into the ""Songs of Serkonos, Part II"", you are free to do so. If not, you can just move on.I think another strong point of Dishonored 2 is how different each mission is. There is a basic premise, but every locale is varied in interesting ways, and there are a few missions where the 'gimmick' (or theme, I guess) was incredible. This means that the game never really gets stale, because, besides one area which was 'repeated' - though still changed - you are moving through a completely new situation every mission. The huge amount of alternate routes and hidden nooks that I mentioned earlier, as well as the tools you are given to traverse them, build upon the variety in level design and create a strong sense of player agency.Though you get clues from the game on how to go through a mission, you can turn off tutorials and other markers (I've been playing without the objective marker, and it's been awesome - strongly recommend it, if you want to immerse yourself even more) to figure it out yourself, then choose the route that fits best for your playstyle. It's not forced in any way, and I think this sandbox approach to problem solving is done really well in Dishonored 2 - much like it was in the first game.The increased amount of options and new powers are great fun for newcomers and veterans of the series as well, I think. There's now more ways to go about nonlethal (that drop head slam though!) and lethal, as well as stealth or assault, and Emily's powers areso freaking cool.The team have changed the movement controls and powers to feel more smooth, too, which makes the experience so much more thrilling and powerful.However, this game is not without its flaws. There's obviously the optimisation issue, and though my game ran mostly fine, I did, and still do, crash occasionally. There are also some weird audio glitches that the devs need to fix, where the audio stutters or stops when I'm running around. It's hard to judge where guards and other people are because of that. Also, I think a few of the bonecharms are broken - I know Strong Arms actually causes choking to takelonger,not shorter, which is an annoyance for non-lethal runs.I thought that the overarching plot was also quite mediocre. Each level did a great job of telling its own little story, but the main premise of having your throne taken away from you, then having to fight for it back, was just 'meh'. It's quite cliche, and the opening intro was way too fast. It didn't build and allow me to care much for Emily or get a feel for how she was as a ruler before the rug was pulled out from under me. It feels quite contrived, I think is the word.There are also some cringey lines spoken by the protagonist as well, which is a fault of the writers, not the voice actors. I know Emily has this one line after an occurrence where she says something along the lines of ""I feel different. How will I change after all of this?"" out loud! It's a 'yikes' moment for sure.The characterisation is decent (the notes and newspapers are great for information, and I think the different powers given to Corvo and Emily are actually a fantastic way of implying certain personality traits), but I was underwhelmed by Delilah, the main antagonist, and how her story got resolved. The last level in particular was so anticlimactic! That was a big disappointment for me.The voice acting is also onlyokay.Emily and Delilah's voice actors did a wonderful job with the lines they were given, but I'm not so fond of most of the other characters. They didn't sound too convincing, I don't think. There's a nice spectrum of voices, but some of the performances are quite lukewarm. Duke Luca Abele was such a caricature that I didn't really mind him, though.But despite all the negatives I've mentioned, I think the good far outweighs the bad. Waiting for the winter sale or another discount to lower the price would be wise, though, because then you can get the patches as they are released and hopefully a more stable game.Overall, I think Dishonored 2 is gorgeous, fun, and caters to all types of players. It has a few negatives, such as weak voice acting, some mediocre writing, and the optimisation issues, but the former two are not the reason I play this series, and the latter will be improved upon in time. I'd still wholeheartedly recommend it.Now, excuse me as I go back to my achievement hunting!"
,Not Recommended,403640,26622203,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Liana,So many indie developers optimize their games before publication and yet mainstream companies like Bethesda Studios or Activision fail to do so. I find it appauling.
76561197970894090,Not Recommended,403640,29051585,Posted: 5 January,all,Derelicte,"It's not a bad game. I have a very high end machine but even still I notice dips. They really botched this pc version. For that I would still stay away if you have a lower end machine.As for the game it's quite solid, if you don't compare it to the original. The original was / is one of my favorite games. This feels like a nice rehash of that. It looks a lot better for sure, but doesn't seem to have that same magic that the original had. It just kind of feels like they tried to upgrade a lot of the original stuff, no more no less."
76561198078305301,Not Recommended,403640,26574595,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,DaBatman,"Please optimise, we paid $60 for this."
,Not Recommended,403640,26515714,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Magikarp,"Have a i7 6700k 16 gig's of ram a gtx 980ti and play at 1080p. well don't get this game then, Can't stay above 60 fps,"
,Not Recommended,403640,26601674,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,WolfRam,"Wait for the Updates to fix the issues. Low fps and strange mousebehaviorAtm,  not recommended"
76561198069240822,Not Recommended,403640,26526696,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,JDzilla,"The game is pretty good, but I can not recommend it until it is fixed of its optimization issues."
,Not Recommended,403640,26523915,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,AyyySB,I am so unbelievably tired of games releasing in unoptimised states.Thank God I own a PS4.Refunding and purchasing that version.
,Not Recommended,403640,26637031,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Nub Scrub,"Wait to get this game once it is patched, and fixed.  There is so much wrong with this game on launch.Crashes randomly,Can't save, even with 450 gb of free space on my D: drive,Low frameratesetc.I can run The Witcher 3 on ultra at 80 fps but I can't get over 60 fps on medium with this game.Save your money, buy another game, or wait until Bethesda fixes yet another broken game."
76561198052770757,Not Recommended,403640,26612061,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,mulchov,Taking way too long for one of the worlds most well funded game development teams to create one patch.
,Not Recommended,403640,26753163,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Satrizus,I took back what was mine (my money)
,Not Recommended,403640,26520867,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,kiddo,"i waited four years for this game. the original is one of my all time favorites. i preordered the game because i had faith in the team and i was overjoyed at the prospect of playing.my game won't even launch. and when it does, it's a laggy, unoptimized, unacceptable excuse of a game from an AAA developer.this is the only game I've preordered all year. Now I see why Bethesda pushed back review dates and won't give out early copies to game companies.i am genuinely sad. I had such hope for this game, spent hours reading about it and getting excited. and now i'll never preorder again.congratulations, arkane studios and bethesda. you broke my heart."
,Not Recommended,403640,32626859,Posted: 21 June,all,zezblit,"Four patches in and this game still runs like trash. This is a real shame as the original Dishonored is one of my favourite games of all time. I run a GTX 970 and can't hit a consistant 30FPS 1080p in some areas, I really cant recommend this game"
,Not Recommended,403640,26530575,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,threedotonefour,Wait until the performance issues are fixed.
,Not Recommended,403640,26545995,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,krzysztofg1,"I want to love this game, but even with lowest graphics it runs very badly. please fix this and i will play again"
,Not Recommended,403640,26602088,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Queen of Lame,Framerate issues make the game near unplayable on even high-end rigs.Do not buy unless the upcoming patch significantly improves performance
76561197970482562,Not Recommended,403640,26602798,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Major Stiffy,Not good for the reason others have mentioned. Poor performance on high end rig's. Hold off getting until it's fixed.
76561198045547141,Not Recommended,403640,26544911,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Syntrix,Game runs like♥♥♥♥♥♥don't buy until fixed.
76561198094802010,Not Recommended,403640,26611787,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Buttface.Mcgee,"Well, I had high expectations, yet I can't even operate the game. Apparently I need a much more advanced computer than the one that I've played multiple games on for quite a while (including dishonored). It's a bit aggrivating that in order to even get past the main menu, I'll need to spend a few hundred dollars on new parts to upgrade. I don't reccomend this game unless you're 100% sure you have an advanced enough pc. I hope they fix this eventually, and if they do, I'll change the reveiw."
76561198086157804,Not Recommended,403640,26670964,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,vali,I just got my refund today so RIP Dishonored 2
,Not Recommended,403640,26513922,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Nofe,"Dont bother adjusting any settings unless you want the game be FUBRed i couldnt even play it because the screen just stopped showing the gameFixed it and it still ran way too poorly, the requirments for this game are rediculous since even a low Pc could run Mankind Divided but will have way to much trouble running this. For a bethesda game thats just Unacceptable already.Wait for the Fix or get it on console"
,Not Recommended,403640,26515200,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Jinnger,I wanted to like this game.But its WAY too badly optimised for me to be able to play it enough to write a proper review. Wait untill it patched.
,Recommended,403640,28228929,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Radio Bug,"God damn, such a good game!I've overplayed the first one, and completed it at least seven or eight times. This one, i'm playing again as Corvo for the second run through!I recommend this game highly. During it's release, it had some hardware issues for some people, but i never had any problems.Anyways, Since it's been updated two or three times now, if you're going to buy it, now's the time!"
,Not Recommended,403640,26540912,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,x,"In the current state of the game, there is nearly a second of input lag between mouse and cursor even on lowest settings. There is also no way to turn motion-blur off, which is starting to make me annoyed as it does more harm to preformance than good to viusal look. I turned depth of field off, and when i went back into the game, everything was pixelated and out of focus.I am barely into the game and can tell that i am the tester here. Now, if i were being paid to test the game, i would have no issue, but i have not been paid, i actually had to pay, money came from my wallet to pay to be a tester.The first game in this series is my favorite game of absolute all time, i have 648 recorded hours on pc, double the amount of my next highest played game.I am looking forward to a patch containing a way to turn off motion-blur, a fix to the input lag, the depth of field issues, and any other issues players (unpaid testers) come across before you release it. I will happily change my review and add a full review of the story once this patch comes out, but until then, sorry bethesda, i really tried to enjoy it, but i must say i can not recommend this."
76561198089457384,Not Recommended,403640,32765702,Posted: 25 June,all,Grün۞,"The game is still unstable, I can play the first mission in Dunwall at max settings at 60fps however after getting of the boat i have to have it on the lowest settings and it only reaches 30fps, The first game was possibly my favorite all time game and i would like to continue it but stealth is extremely difficult when people can sometimes see through walls and the audio is messed up."
,Not Recommended,403640,26514302,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,The Semen Arsonist,"Not a very good port so far. I'd argue that this is the same as Arkham Knight. With the advent of Denuvo, and a lack of support on the PC front, I can see this being dead on arrival. Well done, bravo, you managed to end up on the list of ""great"" 2016 games. My solace is that we got this early, and it's missing a day one patch or something.However, currently wait for updates, or refund within' a week."
,Not Recommended,403640,32719837,Posted: 24 June,all,Stitch,"Dissapointed, the game was fun, I just got out the prologue, but the FPS was too inconsistent it is unplayable.Specs:i7 6700KGTX TITAN16GB DDR4"
,Not Recommended,403640,28280452,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Sashuage,"Great game, good graphics, terrible performance on launch though? Unacceptable."
,Not Recommended,403640,26594670,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,XUTEN,"Been playing the game for around 10 hours. Aesthetics are spot on, beautifully crafted environments. Gameplay is fun, you can beat the same level in many different ways. Still haven’t finished the game, but so far is so much fun.Nevertheless I have to give this game a thumbs down. Optimization for this game is so poor it makes me feel like I’m playing a PS1 game if a want the game to run (kinda) smooth. It really surprises me, DOOM was such a fluid game and I enjoyed the first Dishonored so much that I pre ordered this one. Until a decent patch is realized my opinion is DON’T BUY THIS GAME!Poor PC Ports, Trump Wins and the Death of Harambe. What a year 2016."
,Not Recommended,403640,26623127,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Taconutz,"Incredibly poorly optimized, obviously rushed PC version. DO NOT PURCHASE UNTIL IT IS FIXED"
76561198187805067,Not Recommended,403640,26679907,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Fuzzkiller29,Not bad game but TERRIBLY optimized it's so obvious how much more work and play testing was put into the ps4 and xbox 1 versions but to us pc players who still spend money on the game shouldn't be cut short. I can't even launch the game and it's sad that a game this over hyped everywhere tv youtube I mean everywhere was this poorly made and rushed I would not recomend this game to anyone until it is either on a heavy sale and I'm talking like 80% off or fixed and actually seems like the creators care about the pc. Like seriously don't keep people waiting and get them all excited for something like this that's rushed and terribly optimized
76561198017250004,Not Recommended,403640,26629877,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Flinch,"Thumbs down for nowSeems to be technical performance and optimization issues with the game at the moment.Waiting for the developers to release the upcoming performance fix patch. (see below for update).Has great potential though!Really, really looking forward to playing this game as I've heard nothing but greatness in terms of story, graphics and gameplay. So if the new patch fixes optimization issues for me, this review will most likely change to a thumbs up.My performance:The weirdest part of it all is, my FPS counter shows a good 50-80 fps 90% of the time, which is fine for me, but the mouse is sluggish, unresponsive and floaty, also get screen tearing, jittering and stuttering consistently amongst a few other things. So I'm confused why I get pretty decent FPS but severely poor performance, very odd.Just make sure you.....have all thelatest windows updates. I could'nt actually launch the game until I downloaded all the latest windows updates otherwise I would get an error message and the game crashed at start-up. Also make sure you have the latestDirectXversion and obviouslygraphics card drivers.UpdateHow the beta patch affected my performance:Beta patch 1.1-No noticeable change in performance.-Patch did not seem to help (for me anyway)Beta patch 1.2-Noticeable change in performance-Improved FPS-Less stuttering-Mouse movement and input feels more responsive-More graphics options to tweak performance (such as fps limiter)So there has been a nice improvement and the game feels almost playable, although I am still going to wait for further patches as the developers are on the right path to hopefully greatly increasing overall performance.Will update review if/when there are further patches."
76561198025662854,Not Recommended,403640,26717097,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,TackyWhiteGirl,"Even with the new beta patch it runs horribly.  I have a 5820k i7, MSI Gtx 980 ti, 16 gigs Corsair Vengeance ddr4 ram and a samsung 850 evo paired with an Asus PG278Q G-SYNC monitor and I've gone all the way down to 16 fps at times.  I can run BF1 on ultra at 3620x2036 and still get 60 fps 95% of the time.  My rig should be able to run this no problem considering I meet the recommended requirments.  I guess a lot of us will just have to keep waiting until they fix it."
76561197976159522,Not Recommended,403640,26514761,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Red Snappah,Running AMD R9 290x with 16g of ram and a 4.7ghz amd processor. Fram rate drops to 15-20 in open areas regardless of settings. Still experiencing problems after installing 16.11.3 amd update.
76561198050720801,Not Recommended,403640,26529424,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Descyite,Its broke..... Tearing and FPS drop in the 10's. I have a 1080 and an 4790k at 4.7 with 8 gb ddr3 Corsair plats. I play BF1 in 4k on ultra but I cant even play this in 1080p. Im tired of this. I had very high hopes to play this but it just feels like crap. Dont waste your money till they fix this issue however skyrim has the same issue and is still brroken. Im very dissapointed.
76561197962567451,Not Recommended,403640,26733477,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Lunatic,"After several hours of troubleshooting - reinstalling drivers and enabling and disabling SLI, I still can not get this game to function smoothly as it should. My system is currently an i5-6600k overclocked to 4.5ghz, with 980ti SLI, Gsync monitor, SSDs running in RAID 0, 16gb ram, anyway...well enough to run the damn thing at atleast acceptable rates. I give up. Don't give them your money until they fix it."
,Not Recommended,403640,26531072,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,TheLordDoggo,"I dont ususally complain about preformance enough to give a negative review on a game that I would otherwise like, but god damn this is pretty bad. Performance is bad no matter what settings im on, and once you step into an area thats bigger than a single room it gets 5x worse. Dont buy until they patch.I really loved the first game, so this is super disappointing.EDIT: There are some work arounds to midigate the FPS problems, so it is entirely playable now. I still cant recommend until there is an offical patch to the game, however if you are a die hard fan it is possible to play with fairly consistant FPS"
76561198109581715,Not Recommended,403640,26538321,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Kullirumpali,Otrherwise it seems very interesting and the intro is superior to it's predecessor but these framerate and texture lags are too severe they need a patch as soon as possible
76561198262223324,Not Recommended,403640,26611679,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,T1,"I bought this game because i loved the first one. And this one is good too.... but it runs like s*** I must have had over 20 ctd's in about 3-4 hours of gameplay, and I even have most of its visual settings turned to low or even off. Ive never had any hardware issues in the past (owning games such as the Witcher 3, GTA 5, Mafia 3, Star Citizen which i run on medium/high quality) and this really rustles my little jimbobs"
76561198050980234,Not Recommended,403640,32789168,Posted: 25 June,all,Hentai Babe,"i5 6600k @ 4.5GhzGTX 1080 @ 190016 Gb 2933 memoryUnholy, ungodly stuttering and mouse smoothing. Great game, also loved the first one; I simply cannot recommend this game due to its poor performance."
76561198001428039,Not Recommended,403640,26512432,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Bob,"I loved Dishonored and this game looks just as good but I really can't recommend a game that has so many problems. Problems that you notice straight away.The two major problems are;- Poorly optimized- Mouse sensitivity issues that make the game unplayableHopefully they'll fix this issue so I can(hopefully) give the game a better review.Edit: There are steps you can take to improve the performance but it still runs poorly. And to those of you disliking the review, just accept that the game isn't finished yet."
76561198200945001,Recommended,403640,28963692,Posted: 2 January,all,small child,"This game would have ""Overwhelmingly Positive"" reviews if the release wasn't so wonky. Arkane and Bethesda have been doing their damndest to clean up their mess and make this game great, which it is. Aside from the technical issues that have mostly been sorted, this game is a masterpiece and an improvement in every way of the already great Dishonored. The farther this game goes from its release date, the more patches will come out and better this game will become for everyone. If you refrain from buying the game now because of the state it's in now that is understandable, but don't forget about it.Pros:-Good Story-Replayability-CorvoCons:-Wonky launch"
76561198000430061,Not Recommended,403640,29134538,Posted: 8 January,all,SwizZzle,The framerate drops in this game are horrendous.
,Not Recommended,403640,26641240,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Jedi Aaron,"Linear story choices, unimpressive voice acting from npcs and plot is unengaging. Game hardly gives you the ability to make your own path or choices just the illusion of choice with several linear options. Game has environmental collision bugs. Game has npc pathfinding bugs. Game has preformance issues with some systems.Detailed level design. Humorous random npc conversations."
,Not Recommended,403640,32787056,Posted: 25 June,all,THICC BUTT,"Game has fps drops in large and/or open areas even on lowest possible settings with nvidia titan, intel i7 and 16 GB RAMthis really sucks because the gameplay is enjoyable and I'd love to play this game, but I really can't enjoy this when my game start stuttering.going to refund and repurchase once this is fixed"
,Not Recommended,403640,29197325,Posted: 11 January,all,Darth Revan,"While I believe that the graphics looks lovely, the story strikes me as extremely flat.  The character developement doesn't really happen and the interaction with the crew wasn't very engaging at all, and what is worse is that the interactions with the crew is extremely brief. A nice attempt, and a OK means to pass the time, but that's all."
,Not Recommended,403640,28323415,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Ithaldir,"Such a promising game, hope I get to play it at a playable frame rate someday.It’s completely unacceptable that even on the lowest settings that I can’t even get a reasonable frame rate, and I really do have very low standards when it comes to fps. The tutorial and first part of the first level were somewhat manageable but as soon as you got out of the palace? Nope.I’d try to return it but I do want to play the game at some point, just who knows how long it will be before then. Until that time this review will reflect this."
,Recommended,403640,28498991,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,TheDisableBore,"An incredible game, a worthy sucessor to the original and just a magnificent experienceFrom the captivating world, the smooth gameplay, the vast lore, beautiful art and just everything about it is so filled with heart and care I can't help but to love it.Basic Positive and Negatives below.+ Improved gameplay and movement means both combat and stealth, low and high chaos are equally as fun and fluid+ Some of the best level layout and design I have ever seen in a videogame+ Powers and their upgrades are more reliable and allow creativity when using them+ Non Lethal and lethal options are as varied as they are enjoyable+ The lore is still as good, people who love reading and enviormental storytelling are in for a treat+ Each mission has ""something"" that makes it unique and interesting+ NG+ allows you to use all powers from both characters+ The art and style in both scenery and character models is still original and vivid+ Gorgeous looking enviorments and precious lightning+ Ansel photomode for screenshot guys+ STEPHEN RUSSELL- Even with 9 huge and sprawling levels / missions, the game ""feels"" short depending on your playstyle- Some levels are rather inconsistent in quality. You have ""Dust District"" that is incredibly replayable and has outsanding amount of things to do in but then ya got ""Crack in the slab"" that is by dstructure more limited in what you can do- The Outsider is rather dissapointing- The story is weak at best and poor at it's worst, feels rushed and context is to be found in later docs and writings- The performance, while fixed, can still be an issue- Despite some really welcomed changes to AI for stealth and combat, difficulty is still rather lowEven with some misteps, Dishonored 2 manages to still be an extremely good game and worthy sequel of the first title.I can safely say it's one of the best games of 2016 and a highlight of the immersive sim genre."
76561198002414094,Not Recommended,403640,26517489,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Stager,"The game looks beautiful and seems like it'd be really fun, but the performance is absolute dogsh*t and it's downright insulting. I'm on a GTX980Ti w/ an i7 and 16BG RAM, only running at 1080 and the framerate is regularly dropping down to 15-20fps. I was really looking forward to this game, but if this doesn't get fixed and fast, I'll be refunding and forcing myself to forget about it until it's half-price and (hopefully) fixed. Such a shame."
76561198027838933,Not Recommended,403640,26517814,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Gibbzorz,"Im sure the game itself is great, but there is no way in hell I can recommend this game in its current state.I'm using a gtx 1080 with, 16gb ram.In the tutorial section the fps was just fine, but there were some mouse lag which really took out the enjoyment for me. However as soon as the tutorial was done, the fps dropped immediately to what felt like less than 30 fps. I was running it at almost max, so I decided to try and lower the graphics to about medium. This changed nothing except making the game look like garbage.Until they fix the glaring performance issues, I encourage you to not buy the game regardless of how strong u think ur PC is. You shouldnt need a monster pc to run it at a steady 60 fps on medium or lower."
76561198339346709,Not Recommended,403640,26517830,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,nawaf,great game ? YESgreat fps ? NO
76561198037740120,Not Recommended,403640,26596547,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Rolf Harris,"Do not recommend for the time being until performance issues are fixed. Struggle to get 30fps on medium with a GTX 770 and FX 8320, and also get horrendous stuttering and framerate drops regularly."
,Recommended,403640,26573731,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,❄Frosty❄,"This game is great. Great story line and it gets better as it goes, yes there is a performance issue but if you can put that back you have a great game."
,Not Recommended,403640,26556011,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Salesbook,"Game doesn't run very well currently, so for now I would highly recommend waiting. I don't know enough about the game as of right now, but once the techincal and performance issues are handled, I'll play through the game and (possibly) update this oppinion to a positive one."
,Not Recommended,403640,26637432,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Taliesin Deschain,"I knew going in I shouldn't have done it... took a few days off work to play a shoddy port.  Shame, shame.  :("
,Not Recommended,403640,26684143,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,GIGANTE,"I was like you, reading the reviews, seeing all the negativity and thinking, 'It can't be that bad, the original one runs fantastic'.........NOPE.  This game runs like garbage.  If you have any sort of standards for PC gaming, I would avoid this until it's fixed.  Frame rate is all over the place no matter what you do with the settings, and mouse feel is jittery and feels like you're playing with tons of input lag.  Unplayable.  Was really stoked on this game, but I can't in good consience recommend it in it's current state."
,Not Recommended,403640,26645411,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,^1[1.click]Tom~mot,poorly played on PC
,Recommended,403640,26513856,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Jinx,"So here's the deal. The game itself is pretty cool. And I recommend the game itself. Buuuuuutttt......optimization is still kind of awful. Some areas are fine, but others like the Clockwork Mansion run really poorly. I don't just mean bad framerates, either. I mean bad framepacing, too. Clockwork Mansion actually got progressively worse as I played, up to a point where the game was just lurching every second or so and I had to restart it to get it running right again.I have a GTX 1070, i5 4690K, and 16GB DDR3. I'd say that if you have less than a GTX 1060, RX 480, or GTX 970 you might want to give it a pass or at least be really cautious. I'm still enjoying the game, but the performance is distracting even on this thing. I'm guessing it would be abysmal on a 960, or any card with less than 4GB of vram."
76561198201765171,Not Recommended,403640,26523019,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Decoherence,this game has no optimization for pc.Please resolve the frame dropping issue by releasing a patch or somethingNo one is gonna enjoy the content of the game with such a smoothless frame rate
76561197990760802,Not Recommended,403640,26618159,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Dominick-NL-DUTCH,"So buggy I can't even play this, black screen on startup."
,Not Recommended,403640,26576303,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Chiffa,10 idTech 5 out of 10
76561198018967070,Not Recommended,403640,26636028,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,SalwaBizz,"Below 60fps with 1070 with sub-par graphic, ♥♥♥♥♥♥ AA options that makes ur entire screen blurry. THUMBED DOWN.I will *NOT* change my review post patches, first impressions matter. Next time release a proper polished game at launch and maybe it won't get 55% approval on steam, game is good, cheers."
,Recommended,403640,32672550,Posted: 23 June,all,Thak,"Multiple paths / multiple endings, 2 playable characters (each with his/her own situational dialogue) with the option to go powered / powerless. Good map design and art direction. Dishonored never fails to deliver. Arkane is the best at what they do.Framerate is consistent and smooth probably from the patches it received ever since. Getting consistent 90 to 100 fps on Max setting 3440x1440 with good Ultrawide 21:9 support.Most of the negative reviews are from people getting bad performance from their setup. The engine it is based on is a modified IdTech5 with several new post process effects introduced that was not evident from the first one (Better lighting, Sub Surface Scattering, etc.) and will definitely tax the system. Levels are also bigger than the first and character mesh / objects have higher polygon count.Here is a sample of the graphical difference of 1 and 2 (top and bottom respectively) in the hands alone:http://oi67.tinypic.com/mrl1j.jpgIn terms of gameplay, this title delivers. The A.I. is smart and has common sense (example, I removed a Lightwall's battery hence turning the power off. Patrolling guards will be confused about this and will inspect the battery source even if it was several meters away and on top a stairwell).The levels are exceptional and well thought out. From multiple sandbox path, to that level where you time travel in between so that changes you make from the past, are reflected in the future (SUPERB).Got this on %50 off and is worth the price."
,Not Recommended,403640,26638623,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Raymond de Saint-Gilles,The pc port is completely unacceptable. The developers don't care about the pc and it is very obvious.
76561198149779055,Not Recommended,403640,26757535,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Abas,"I love the Dishonored serires. I loved Dishonored 2, however the game is buggy as♥♥♥♥♥♥ I played on launch, and it worked great. Sure, I could play it in ultra, but I was able to have 60 frames with high. I had a great first playthrough. Now, I get an update, and now the damn game is unplayable. Completely udder♥♥♥♥♥♥ I am absoultly besides myself. How can a game be this broken."
,Not Recommended,403640,26531790,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,SugiKnight,"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F4cHwU6VhRwCan Dishonored 2 Deliver ?I'm not going to do a full wall of text here how i feel about the game, so i just go with bullet points and the video above will give the full explanation how/why i feel certain way about Dishonored 2. Enjoy guys (Lot of references will be made to first game)The Good PartsCorvo and Emily have their own dialogues and differences in abilities, which makes it bit more interesting and gives you a reason to play the game twice with each characterRune Crafting was pleasant and nice addition to the gameUpgrading Weapons and searching for hidden loot was enjoyableLevel design was much more diverse and better looking compared to first gameThe Bad PartsStory was lackluster, i couldn't really give much ♥♥♥♥s about the people in it, lot worse than first gameNo New Game +The multiple endings were kinda mehKeeps crashing while ALT/TAB on windowed, fullscreen and windowed borderless among this there some other minor glitches and bugs, even got one of my save files corrupted."
79124523354487112,Not Recommended,403640,26525712,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Hyde,I'm sure this game would be great if it ran at a constant 60(on medium) on my GTX 970.
,Recommended,403640,28755887,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Shake,"At first, I was very skeptical seeing many negative reviews on a bad PC port, but I have not had any issues since I bought it. It seems all issues have been patched. I wanted to write this so other people are not dissuaded like I almost was. Overall, the game has amazing graphics and gameplay."
76561198018993603,Not Recommended,403640,26631604,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Milo,"The game is not finished : Run extremely poorly on a i5 6600k / fury X (barely reach the 30 fps on medium setting 1080p). The AI is really random, sometime spot you throught walls, sometime don't react when you are right nex to them. a lot a finishing issue : wrong collision, the blink/far reach power don't alway get you were it is supposed to... when you play stealth, you just keep spaming f5 for quicksave, because the game just isn't consistent with it's own rules : it's a pain to play.That's a shame, the game is ""that"" close to be a very good game, but they just didn't took the time to finish it..."
,Not Recommended,403640,26561810,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,FreeFire187,Loved Dishonored. Couldn't put it down.Really enjoy Dishonored 2. Has the same feel and assassinations are great. However this game is unplayable in it's current state. Wait for the patches they're talking about putting out before purchasing this.
76561198076892914,Not Recommended,403640,26545960,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Sauer_Kraut,"Well, I said I would redo this review once the game got patched. The patch came out and It still runs like garbage. I'm honestly disappointed and cannot recommend this game to anyone. I wish that this game turned out better but sadly it did not."
76561198202385129,Not Recommended,403640,26585175,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,The Eccentric Gentleman,"This game has a lot of cool new features that surpass the first in many ways, but it is held back by poor performance especially on AMD cards. I can't recommend it in it's current state. Please fix performance issues and hen I will give recomendation."
,Not Recommended,403640,26713058,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,xxxCheesyNipsxx,its too buggy
76561198241785594,Not Recommended,403640,28575060,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,n7.revenant,"I really, really want to like this game, as I loved the first one. The preasure finally got the better of me and I bought this, thinking that the bad performance may to a degree be resolved, but it is still really, REALLY bad - and that's on MSI GT72 2QE, which can run The Witcher 3, on max details, ON BATTERY without me noticing until I get a warning about low charge - no kidding, happened to me twice.I tried ultra settings - it doesn't even look so great to justify the system requirements - but gave upon that quickly and started fiddling with the settings to ballance performance and how good it looks. It was still unplayable at times and making it playable made it extremely unpleasant to look at.Not to mention some seriously bad gameplay decisions like Dark Vision being orange, and the item highlights being - you guessed it - orange, just a slightly differnt shade (it is still not visible on most surfaces). This, despite the new ""sonar"" mechanic being quite cool, makes it almost completely useless! Why couldn't they keep yellow with green highlights is beyond me.Otherwise the powers and their modifications seemed awesome when I read through them. Corvo speaking is also very refreshing - same kind of refreshing like when Isaac Clarke started speaking in Dead Space 2, after being mute in the first game.All this set asside it would be very solid title, worthy descendant of Dishonored, likely even becoming vastly supperior - but it just didn't, because how bad it performs. Enemies spotting you through walls and floors doesn't help either, neither does the fact that their alertness resets on every load - so if they notice the paining is missing, you continue for a while and get back to the painting location, then reload and become alerted anew! Enemies also seem to have some kind of hive mind - one becomes alerted, at the exact second (0 delay) an entirely different enemy becomes alerted as well.I am sad to say that the game is definitely not recommended at the current state."
,Not Recommended,403640,26709133,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,LiuYang,♥♥♥♥♥optimization on RX480. lag as hell even when I set the video quailty to low.
76561198063537662,Recommended,403640,26746095,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Howard,Amazing game if you're not experiencing any performance issues.
,Not Recommended,403640,26553936,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Fruitshoot,Poor launch. (11/11/16)
,Not Recommended,403640,30009582,Posted: 18 February,all,icleus,"Do not let my hours fool you.  At $59.99 this is game should be worth around $45.  I’ll explain why.When the player completes this game one is left feeling as if there were elements missing.  Whether the player decides to go the low or high chaos route there are fundamental little differences.  The linear storyline parallels are still the same paths.   Endings skew off into significantly different themes that do not match the game’s atmosphere.  Even the weather and atmosphere does not change much under chaos which is incredibly disappointing.  The crashing and bugs are more memorable than the music.  Crafting bone charms is overpoweringly broken and can make the Bone Collector look like a fairytale.On a lighter note, graphics are appealing and there are some interesting light effects on the environment.  A player is likely to stop and enjoy the scenery, even if they left a bloody trail of bodies behind them.  Each level does offer a new and unique aspect that challenges the player to be creative in their playstyle.  Save people, don’t save them, murder them, roll someone’s head down the alley into a crowd, do whatever you like.  Overall, it is a decent game but I would not recommend it at its current price and with the lingering performance issues.  Wait on this one for a sale.  You’ll thank yourself later."
76561197990384087,Not Recommended,403640,28548294,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Bertang,"One of the worst pc ports ever made. Arkane, don`t do your own technology. You`re ♥♥♥♥♥♥ at doing it.Still not playable for♥♥♥♥♥♥  Unless you have somewhat new machine though. In other case you`ll suck♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198159293417,Not Recommended,403640,26751711,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,holeesheet,"what the ♥♥♥♥ is this? can't even OPEN this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ just don't buy it, better of with dishonored 1, only 9,99, better framerate, and it OPENS"
,Recommended,403640,26552531,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,ActualRaptor,"The level design so far is splendid. The abilities seem interesting.However, the utter lack, or complete ignorance towards QA testing on PC is a disgrace. The game jitters, stutters, drops in fps, mouse sensitivity isn't functional (Seems tied to FPS). The game sets itself to low-priority as a process, which is beyond me why they'd ♥♥♥♥ that up.Running a powerful build, i7 4770k, 16gb ram, installed on ssd, gtx 1080 gaming X. Game runs kind of okay in the beginning when you're inside, about a 100fps, as soon as you get outside, it drops to under 60.When it drops, the sensitivity changes, which makes it unplayable.Do NOT buy this game in its current state. It is broken, it's not functional. (If you play with a controller on PC I guess it is fine.)Wait for patches and fixes.UPDATE:I managed to find a workaround for the FPS, and the game is now playable, albeit at 60 locked fps, it works, with a few crashes throughout the story (was a certain point in the game which crashed a lot, seems to be related to msi gaming app however, after removing that, no crashes).How to get 'maximum' fps from reddit credit to: \u\IkarostvFirst: I went into my NVIDIA Control Panel and set the ""Max Pre-Rendered Frames = 1"" Honestly not sure if this helps or not, because it never really did when this was the ONLY fix that I put in.Second: Go on into NVIDIA Inspector. Open up the Profile for Dishonored 2. Since the game doesn't have an FPS Cap built in - go to FRAME RATE LIMITER and set this to 61.8 (odd choice, but shows less stutter for myself).Third: This one I haven't heard mentioned other than people getting black screens with an Ansel error. So, scroll down and find ENABLE ANSEL and set this to ANSEL_ENABLE_OFF. This will eliminate any potential threat of this thing effecting us. NVIDIA Ansel is basically their fancy internal 3D Screenshot program. Not really needed right now as a ""must"".Fourth: You can go ahead and download Process Lasso or Process Hacker 2 - either or. The game for most is set to LOW Priority for your CPU. With these programs, you can lock it to HIGH. This is netting anywhere from 10-30FPS gains for people. For myself, the game is running on Normal and setting to High actually made it worse personally. Very odd.Fifth: Head on over to C:\Users\NAME\Saved Games\Arkane Studios\Dishonored2\Base\Dishonored2Config.cfg - Now I want you go head to g_mouseSmooth ""1"" - set the ""1"" to ""0"". This will ACTUALLY turn off Mouse Smoothing in the game. Whether it's set to 0 or not in the game options, doesn't matter unfortunately. Afterwards - right click on that .CFG File after it's saved - go to PROPERTIES and then set to READ-ONLY. Otherwise the game will overwrite the setting.LORE ETCJust completed my first playthrough as emily high chaos. She seems to be the better fight for high chaos runs.The game is fun, the lore and story is deep and interesting to read about, all the little bits in the game, such as if you use the heart to find oout if a normal civilian is a good little boy/girl or if they're secretly naughty is a fun addon. I used that to decide wether a person lives or dies. It upped the immersion quite a bit.From a gameplay standpoint, emilys powers are fun, and brutal. The way she pulls herself forward instead of blinking made approaching certain situation differently as you'll be spotted if you traverse across enemies FoV. That is, unless you find a bonecharm which makes you invisible while traversing the land with far reach.The world:It works just as well as in the first dishonor. It's ""open world"" you get sent to a map, then you're free to choose what to do, and how to approach objectives. There's a lot of♥♥♥♥♥♥to explore, I keep getting side-tracked and without meaning to finding ways to pacify targets rather than killing them, just by exploring and not by intention, which is a good thing.The game actively promotes exploration as you find various upgrades (albeit they are not needed, but adds some more fun to your arsenal) and runes/bonecharms just as before.I advice everyone to pick up bonecharm crafting, it means that you can craft one bonecharm to have multiple effects, if you add a lot into this passive power, you can have bonecharms that grant you 4 effects, which is pretty ballin.The story:Overall story is great, couldn't tear my ear from listening to all of it, with added bonus from random NPCs in the world who talk, give you tidbits of information, some that you can use to your gain. (Hidden safes, weakneses, entrances) and the likes. Which makes taking your time to actually understand the story and listen to NPCs rewarding.The ending, I must say is rather lackluster, might be because of my high chaos run, guess I'll see how my low chaos run is. Then again, it probably comes with, the fact that there are multiple endings, they might've chosen that there isn't too much to it.Would I recommend this game?Yes, definitely.However, I still advice you to wait, the game is fun, it has a good story, and replayability just as the first, seeing as you can approach everything the way you choose, which in the end leads to another ending, makes it worth playing several times.But the topmost information of this review is still relevant, the game has yet to be patched, I'll likely update this happens to give some thought on performance.If you cannot wait, there are workarounds that might fix your FPS.Hope some people benefit from this. And thanks again \u\Ikarostv for the workaround which made the game playable."
,Not Recommended,403640,26712745,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Havik,"Currently? No.I'm playing on an i7 3770k @ 4.5GHz, GTX 1080 OC, 32Gb 2400MHz ram and using an PCI-E SSD.Yettt it stutters like hell - every 2/3 seconds, the game slows down to 4/5 FPS for a second and it's like moving through quicksand. It then jumps back up to 100 fps for 2/3 seconds, then lags again, rinse and repeat.I'm going to wait and see if they can fix it .. and if they do then I'll change this review. This sort of issue shouldn't be around at launch though - it's clearly not a 'rare case' which could be forgiven.Going to leave it at under 2 hours played as well, just incase a refund is needed, fingers crossed though."
,Recommended,403640,26612642,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Bacillus,"Firstly I don't have the performance issues that many are talking about (I don't doubt they exist but I don't have them). I get about 40fps at 1440p with everything on ultra with my 970. Sure it's not great considering the graphics are only ok and I'd get 80+ in DOOM. But I'm confident that after a few updates this will jump up to at least 60.Story is as good as the original so far imo, and it was great then. gameplay better as you can move around more vertically and NPCs are a bit more switched on (honestly in all my hours I've never heard any character say the same thing twice) - still hoping for the whiskey and cigars quote.I think Corvo's and Emily's voices are perfect for their character. I preferred the old outsider voice though. This one isn't bad and I understand why they changed it (look at the lore of how the outsider became who he is), but the polls was was amazing.This game is probably the most repayable game with a story I know. So many different ways to do things and different characters now as well."
,Not Recommended,403640,26753951,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Ｇｉｊｏ,"Do. Not. Buy.They are using the new Patch 1.2 (which did nothing), to sell the game.Please, don't support this kind of behavior. Don't support a company like this.Don't fall for this!How can you say ""Review this based on the gameplay, man"" if i'm not even able to play it on LOW SETTINGS with a freaking gtx 980!? It's been a while since the game launched, and i come back from work everyday hoping to see a fix, trying to fix the game by myself or looking for information about more patches to come. Now I can't even refund.When i remember the money I spent on this, because i trusted this company, makes me frustrated.I deeply regret. You can laugh.Is time for a change. Trust this review."
76561198006485190,Not Recommended,403640,26753361,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Raduken,after update game is unplayable on GTX 1060
,Not Recommended,403640,26723807,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,upnog,"Don't buy this game quite yet. Unfortunately this game is just another in a long list of AAA titles that shipped unoptomized and borderline unplayable. With a pc that can run battlefield 1 at all ultra settings without a hitch, I shouldnt be getting sub 30fps lag at very low settings in 1280x720. I can't believe its been a week since it released and there are still no real fixes. Too bad. I was looking forward to playing this game."
,Not Recommended,403640,26559649,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,MIKEHATESYOU,This was clearly coded at the end of a PCP and cocaine binge.
,Not Recommended,403640,26572608,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Misaka-Mikoto-G,Remember that the way u choose to face fans shameless make DISHONORED 2 dishonored too.
,Not Recommended,403640,26758552,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,makeshifty,No restart mission button??? Why would you take that out of the game? This is broken POS thats not nearly half as polished as the first one. Save yourself some money and just play that instead.
76561198213754557,Recommended,403640,26743028,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,弹琴的锤子,"Corvo,old friend,do I even have to say it?You've lost another Empress."
,Recommended,403640,32725462,Posted: 24 June,all,pink.net,"Note that there's spoilers (Kinda, nothing too revealing but it does somewhat exhibit the progression of the game.)Pros:-Not too many glitches that I could really see.-There's a really good atmosphere built, towards the end I felt a little more creeped out.-It's the right amount of difficult, not too difficult, but when you die, you know it's your fault.-The combat is just as good as in the first one, it's the same with the stealth system.-While they did recycle a lot, (plot, character archetypes, sounds, all that.) it still felt fresh and new because most of the game isn't in Dunwall.-Emily's abilities are pretty cool, I haven't played the Corvo run, but I can assume he has the same powers.-New(-ish?) enemies, each having their own strengths and weaknesses, the most irritating being the Clockwork Soldier which seems to be like the Strider from the original but far tougher to tangle with than those long-legged, Legolas with big bow of flammable whale oil lookin' selves. (Witches aren't new, but, still.)-While the character archetypes are all the same, basically, they're still interesting, and it's still satisfying to mess them up.-There's new (To Corvo and Emily) characters, some with backgrounds that aren't revealed until the very end, others being unravelled as you go. (I'd suggest playing the First's DLC before playing this one.)-There's more world interaction, although it's still linear level progression. The world feels very open, albeit still restricted.-Arkane added a few post-mission things that basically tell you; ""Hey, you did a more peaceful/stealthy approach, expect lower chaos.""/""Hey, stupid, you killed literally everyone, expect a bad end.""-You can choose to play without powers.-The baddies can be dealt with in more interesting and difficult ways. I'd suggest more time and thought into each of these approaches.-More interesting crossbow ammunitions.-More interesting bone charms.Now for the Cons:-No Drunken Whaler-It is waaay more difficult to stealth without powers.-Skyrim Mammoth Glitch with Sleepdart-Getting supplies requires a visit to the Black Market(s), which, are not on every level, requiring more conservation of ammunition/weapons.-There is a homebase type thing, but that still does not have a shop with which you can replenish your armaments/upgrade gear.-There are some bits where you might require a Walkthrough guide, because they're either too confusing, or too difficult. If it's too difficult, I'd suggest lowering difficulty level.-There are 'some' boss fights, the final for example. It's an actual proper boss fight, (although avoidable) unlike the end of the first, which was just running/sneaking through a horde of guards before stabbing/knocking out the end all baddie. I feel as though this detracts from the point of the game, which is to save an Empire, but moreso utilizing stealth.-Getting to Runes takes far more time than it did in the first.-Bloodflies are the most irritating thing ever.-Less than stellar loadtimes.I overall enjoyed Dishonored 2, and would heavily suggest getting it, especially since it is currently $20. Despite all the reviews claiming bad optimization and glitchiness, I felt as though the controls were smooth, and saw very few glitches worth noting. It's a good experience, especially if you enjoyed/loved playing Dishonored. Arkane, you did a good job with this one. Please don't turn into a company that pumps out Dishonored sequels (that suck) every year.<3, Grim"
76561198052742692,Not Recommended,403640,26552671,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,MrHammerFist,"Unbelievably unoptimized. Wait for patches before you purchase. However, I can tell that once I can actually play this game that it is going to be an amazing experience. Oh and I hate the Outsider's voice acting. :/*After the beta patch*Patch still has not solved any issues. I attempted to get a refund from steam but they just shot me down with the whole you have more than 2 hours of play time thing. Sadly most of the play time is an attempt to make the game run correctly. Dont purchase this game. I hate to say it but just dont."
,Not Recommended,403640,26575731,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,4cqker,"Game looks slightly better than Bioshock Infinite and runs 3 times worse. That is, I ran bioshock infinite with medium/high settings at native res 1080p, while i'm running this with every work around I could find, everything as low as possible, nvidia management work arounds, priority upping, all that jazz; and it's dropping below 40 on 720p. So to anyone saying it's not a problem, stop making the problem worse for the people who do actually have the problem."
76561198179381499,Not Recommended,403640,26610762,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,RedRock3t82,"Well...I'm kinda bent about the game breaking bug 15 hours in that crashes the game to the desktop when I try and load my save game.  Aside from that it's a good enough game that I'm not so upset that I'm not willing to start over but if you have patience you might wait for an update or two from the date that this is posted. Thumbs down for it being a poor release. When it improves I'll change my review to a positive one.Edit - Restarted the game and problem has gotten worse, crashing in under 10 minutes of gameplay and increasing in regularity.  Only on one occation did windows tell me it was forcfully shutting down the program due to a memory issue.  It wont help anyone but I have a good gaming machine with dual 980ti's with the remainder of the build built to match as far as quality.  There should be no issue with memory for any game on this planet let alone this one.  I am currently uninstalling/redownloading the game as the issue has tended to progressively get worse but Im pretty much done with this for now.  I can say that this is the poorest launch of any bathesda game I have ever purchased and thats knowing and even accepting that there would be bugs going in as in any of there games...ever.I had preordered this game and how I feel is basically ""thanks for your money, here is your completely broken game early!"".  Yes preordering is my fault but I am citing this as a reason for not preordering anything."
,Not Recommended,403640,26514663,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Perfidious,"I can't recommend or not recommend this yet, the game seems great story and gameplay wise but the graphics settings are all messed up. At 4k everything on ultra my fps is 30 at 4k with everything on very low my fps is 30, the same happens at 2k 40fps and 1080 50fps something doesn't seem right with that. I also switched to borderless window and it wouldn't switch back to full screen until I reset the settings to default. The game needs a patch before I can recommend it, but hey they at least have an option to turn off mouse smoothing!"
,Not Recommended,403640,26599555,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Slaanesh-Bait,"Have to play the game on low to get any where near 25+ FPS in only some areas. but I will say the  Game is beautiful and the story is interesting and has me hooked , the input delay and FPS issues  however means I need to reccomned people put this on their wishlist till the official patch is released."
,Not Recommended,403640,26624502,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Hanzo #ᴼᴿᴰʟᴏʜ,The amount of graphic and performance unsatisfaction is like the amount of alarm clocks I accidentally set off in the game.
,Not Recommended,403640,26638965,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,sunkangzheng,i wont change till the patch come out.
76561198097554749,Not Recommended,403640,26558554,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,creed13925,Unplayable FPS issues and why am i nausious?
,Not Recommended,403640,26594654,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,ua_soap,"So my specs are:19'' monitor with 1280-1024AMD FX 9590 4.7 GHzASUS Crossfire-V Formula Z16 GB of RAM runs at 2133ASUS R9 295x2 8 Gbthis **** runs at 15-35 fps, KarlWill return my money back, even BAK, wasnt so ♥♥♥♥♥♥ optimized. Don't waist time and money on this peace of code, only sale and only after few years with new PC for few K's of usd"
,Not Recommended,403640,26606320,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,anchor,"♥♥♥♥... I really wanted to be able to give this game a good review but the truth is that its awful. Horrible optimization, ♥♥♥♥♥♥ voice acting, broken animations, and god awful frame rate dips. Some areas I get 60 fps, some I get 16-23.This was especially dissapointing considering I am a long time fan of Dishonored. Fix your game ffs."
76561198015565368,Not Recommended,403640,26607884,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,nxt1,"Using:-  Windows 10 Pro, i5-6600k CPU @3.50GHz, 16GB RAM and Nvidia GTX 1080.Worked ok until 1st save, now crashes to black screen on startup.Not impressed."
76561198004362799,Not Recommended,403640,26610578,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,StraightSalty,"I can't really recommend this game yet due to optimization issues, like many of the other negative reviews state. Once some patches come out and the game runs smoothly, I'm sure this game can get a very positive, maybe even overwhelmingly positive rating like its predecessor, overall. And that seems very likely due to the way console players are responding to it."
,Not Recommended,403640,26623287,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,ibigandscary,"This game might be fun to play. It might have fantastic graphic, a cool story line, need powers, and compelling character development. I would have no idea as it is very frustrating to play at even the lowest of settings, which has made me walk away from the game after the second level.The game chugs along between at a jerky 10-40 fps. It is so completely unoptimized that it is having a very hard time running on my computer, which significantly exceeds the recommended minimum specs.  No game should ever be released in this state and it is made worse that it is coming from Bethesda a company that I have previously held in such high regard.It is very disappointing to me that Bethesda seems to think it is acceptable publish unfinished games like the previous Fallout and now Dishonored. Please do not buy this game. It is a waste of money and you will be disappointed."
76561197990767185,Not Recommended,403640,26647856,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Bullzone,Extremely dissapointed in this game. Crashed on opening loading screen. If you have a AMD Phenom II x6 1100t processor like me don't bother buying it. It won't support it currently unless  they come out with a patch in the future. So infuriating.
,Not Recommended,403640,26561668,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,BennyDeluxe,"Hi all, First NO FPS ISSUE HERE!!But this game is bugged to the bone. I ve been trying to do a stealth no kill run. The game mechanics are against me.You ll never know when you ll be able to choke someone unconscious.There is plenty of gameplay bugs, like mobs seeing though walls. They ve made the reloading SUPER FAST, but in exchange they wont reload the save exactly as it was...(you can make an alert and reload... you ll see that the alerted npc are still in alert mode for a micro second after reloading... that breaks everything.. )right now i am stuck because the non lethal way to dismiss a boss... is considered as a kill...Too bad the game is great, the feeling is good but the immersion suck due to bugged gameplay mecanics!So right now it s a NO GO.... Wait for patches... LOT OF THEM!"
,Not Recommended,403640,26609137,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Smegma,Just don't buy it yet.
76561198041012229,Not Recommended,403640,26514868,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Kecoey,"I absolutely loved the first game. It is one of my favorite game of all time, and I was so excited for this game to come out. I can't even explain how dissapointed I am with it.It runs just as bad as the new Deux Ex, if not worse. I expected more from Bethesda. At least Deux Ex looked good; this game looks and plays like♥♥♥♥♥♥Every single game should be 100% PC ready at launch, period. It is ♥♥♥♥ing 2016, there are no excuses for this pathetic♥♥♥♥♥♥ If a complete fix is not made within the next week, I'm refunding and never buying a Bethesda game again.Absolutely disgusting.EDITStill no day 1 patch. Game is still unplayable. No, I should not need a top of the line gaming rig to play on ♥♥♥♥ing low settings. Go ♥♥♥♥ yourselves, Bethesda. I no longer have any respect for your ♥♥♥♥♥♥ company.I'm refunding this game whether or not they patch it. I will never give these garbage ♥♥♥♥s another dollar. But I will play their games if they actually work. Yo ho ho"
,Not Recommended,403640,26529796,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Fujin,"I want to play through this game so badly, but this is VERY unoptimized. Hopefully they patch it soon."
,Not Recommended,403640,26608020,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Modern Major DDRBall,"Right now it's a bad console port...I though this will be the best expierince i'll have in years after Dishonored 1 but it is what it is and it's a peasant-port with wobbely controlls, Terrible Graphics... i mean the Graphics are probably good but the graphics wont go higher than low with massive framedrops and a 30FPS Lock on it.It's sad and and the inner Dishonored fanboy died after i realised the game is unplayable for most people. (Me Included)[Gonna wait for a patch but i think Bethesda wants to beat this dead horse like Fallout and Skyrim without putting much efford in it. Don't know about arcane but i hope they'll change things]"
76561198076501110,Not Recommended,403640,26633928,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,[WooPA]_DoopaXXL_`~`,"I run on a GTX960, i7-4790 CPU @3.60GHz with 16G memory ROG desktop rig.Big fan of Dishonored. I Pre-purchased the game and I was able to play it for a couple days. Yes the resolution wasn't the best  but it worked fine still. I did not play during the weekend and I attempted to play last night but after the loading page all I got is a tweaking black pitch section. I can hear the music in the back but cannot see a single thing.At this point I cannot recommend this game. Hopefully the awaited patch will be out soon and I will recommend this game until then.Overall, it looks like a fantastic game.Can't wait."
76561198212187929,Not Recommended,403640,26666973,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,VCorvus CoraxV,"I really wanted to play this game. I loved the first Dishonored, and I was hyped when they announced #2. This is the last time I ever pre-order. After completeing the first game and all the dlc I was ready to jump straight into the second one, however the game was so laggy I couldn't even get through the tutrorial. My rig is runnings a 970 gtx, 16gb of ram and an i7 4770k and it could only pull this game at 20fps. I hope that Bethesda will be realising a patch soon to fix this mess of a game, if not I'll be refunding this and going to Battlefield. In its current state I do not recommend this game!"
76561198030133566,Not Recommended,403640,26721268,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Jetterbobby,Wow I've never had a game that I could not play.So I start the game and everything is fine until I get outside the starting area. Then the game just goes into 2fps mode. I don't know what the deal is I can barely move around. Setting everything to it's lowest levels does not help. The game is completely unplayable I don't know how this game got past QA. Absolutely terrible.
76561198287179811,Not Recommended,403640,26697421,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,DamnedSam,"Bethesda, Arkane Studios. If you're reading this, know that the launch of this game on PC is a FAILURE. This puts you directly in league with Rocksteady for releasing broken PC games. This just isn't good enough in 2016.Got to the first proper open area of the game and the framerate drops to about Fifteen FPS. FIFTEEN FPS. I have a high-end system that can run any other game on the market on the best settings without any problems whatsoever, so this is clearly a fault of the developer.I downloaded the beta patch expecting this to make the game more playable, and it turns out it's completely broken it and doesn't load at all  (Yes I understand this is a beta).I am a HUGE fan of Dishonored and it is massively disappointing to not be able to play the game I have waited years for. The core mechanics of the game are very much a throwback to the first Dishonored, the stealth is great, the combat feels clashy and the powers are satisfying. It's more Dishonored, which is all I can ask for, and I really look forward to when this game is FINALLY fixed, but in it's current state, I simply cannot recommend buying this game at all."
,Recommended,403640,32870017,Posted: 27 June,all,Hades,So... the game is great!... yeah the graphics are ok and stuff... i would rate this game a 3.5/5reason for 3.5/5: Some things was reapeating themselves... like for example there was a guy gutting a fish and he repeated the same thing over and over again... oh and when he cut ... i saw no cuts made... he just went trough the fish as if the fish is a ghost which ruins allot of the game... it would be nice if there was added a way where we saw details whenever something or someone got cut and a cut is shown and is there trough the entire game and the character does something random... something new.dishonored 1 is quite the same as 2 whit the issue above but in general the game is very very nice... i went back and forth and i got brain ♥♥♥♥ed trying to get a rune at the palaze area lol...it took me around 7 hours tp complete the game... i didn't get all the blueprints and runes and such because it was too much like buildings and doors and things to figth my way trough which btw was ♥♥♥♥ing amazing!... it was just tricky finding everything... specialy that damn special code that turns out to be random and not the same for everyone...i feel like... the characters are all the same... am i the only one? the women are the same... the witches is the same... the men is the same...but then again ... it's exactly the same on Dishonored 1...i like how i can choose which character i can use... the father or the daugther and obviously i choose the daugther which turns out to be a blood hungry woman out for revenge...Delilah was ... well... she was very easy to beat ... there was nothing difficult at all as her as the last boss... but meh it was great anyway...AND OMFG I LOVED THOSE MECH BOTS WOAH WHEN I FOUND OUT THAT  I COULD HIT THEIR PARTS OFF I WAS LIKE OMFG OMFG OMFG!!!!... I freaked out about it because i didn't notice it the first time and i managed to get one into the elevator and i got a lvl down and miss clicked the elevator button so yeah... suprise suprise there it was standing ready to kill me so i said Nope nope nope nope im out.I allso love the new device used in the game ;) sad to see it disapear on next place ;(Anyways let's talk more about the details that could have been improved for a 2016 game!-1. the water could have been improved to add more effect when the boat was moving.2. the waves should be 100% random whit splashes towards the mountains.3. characters should be like in GTA 5... all random... none is the same.4. Delilah should have done more than teleporting around like crazy and die after a few sword hits whit the slow-mo insta kill.5. there should have been more powers... it's mostly the exact same as on dishonored 1.6. Upgrades was intresting... should have been more upgrades though... you could have extended it a little further whit awesome weapons or something...7. the game should last longer but that is too late now... 7 hours to finish a game isn't fair enough it should have taken me a damn 24-48 hours time ;O; ;/
,Not Recommended,403640,26664991,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Liχow,"Puchased the game attempted to play the game, and ran into the horrendous negative mouse acceleration, smoothing forced on and a generally awful feeling mouse.  I waited about a week for the beta patch, it does fix some of the problems, but not the negative acceleration. I do not think this will be remedied, and have requested a refund."
,Recommended,403640,28390629,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Ghoulish,"Good game is good, great sequel to the first one. Game has played great for me, developers are constantly updating and trying to cater to the downfalls at launch as best they can. Definitey reccomend this game, I'd play the first one if you're super into the story because YOU WILL BE LOST! The powers and combat in this game is so fluid and so SO satisfying! I hope The Outsider is proud of me."
76561198025007274,Not Recommended,403640,26650407,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Borsi,crashes at startup.
,Not Recommended,403640,26574291,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Syntek,"Honestly cannot even recommend this game till a patch is implemented.  Frequent frame rate dives, a few crashes here and there.  Suffered the two hours of broken non-optimized game time just for a slight glimpse of the story and just couldn't deal with it anymore.  My advice, wait till a patch is applied."
76561198314900621,Not Recommended,403640,26548692,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,danny 5,i really like the game so far but unfortunately I cant play it with all the framerate problems. ive got a gtx 1800 and its practically unplayable at times and im just gonna have to wait for a patch to fix this because right now its miserable.If the framerate problems get resolved id definitely recommend it from what ive played
,Not Recommended,403640,26571154,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,MurrmorMeerkat,Im dissapointed in you arcane i know that you guys could have found a way to get phentom 2 cpus to work i was looking forward to this and you dissapointed me
76561198107254961,Not Recommended,403640,26550082,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Shorttrain Street St.,"This has to be one of the worst PC ports I've ever seen.  In the opening cutscene alone I've already experienced out of sync audio, audio cutting out, textures missing or going in and out of focus.  As soon as actual gameplay started, I managed to play for roughly 45 seconds before my screen went to black, and froze my computer.  Until a performance patch is released the game is not worth playing"
,Not Recommended,403640,26626010,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Jolitasas28,I just want to play this game even with the lowest setting... but you keep crashing to destop wtf.My spec:Windows 10NVIDIA gtx 9708gb ramI7 4th genIm stuck in the first room it keeps ctd.
,Not Recommended,403640,26677173,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Chili - No Beans,"This game should have launched in early access, because it's not finished yet."
,Not Recommended,403640,26522952,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Loaming,"Оптимизация как всегда ♥♥♥♥♥♥вая, ну а чо 2016 же, ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ оптимизировать.Графоний от первой части мало чем отличается, чутка лучше, но не некст ген, просадки ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ец дикие бывают.Очень мало прошёл поэтому за сюжет х3, но вроде нормальный пока что.Бесит вид, такое ощущение, что за карлика играю."
76561198007082488,Not Recommended,403640,26563103,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Ziggy Stardust,Performance is all over the place and the game is unplayable with the constant fps drops. I do not care how good the content is if the poor technical delivery renders it inaccessible. Requested a refund.
76561198075875583,Not Recommended,403640,26616194,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,No,Everyone is complaining about fps problems.I didnt have any since buying the game so I cants say anything about thatgameplay is what you expect. its dishonored. but better. the parkour feels very fluid and funif you had any fps problems it would be a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥to play.I recommend not buying it in its corrent state since its seems like most people have fps issues.wait for patches or buy at your own risk.My specs :GTX1070i5-6600 3.3GHz8 RAM
,Not Recommended,403640,26669732,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,potatototo,"lol it doesnt even worki will update this if devs ever fix the gameright now most people with high end pcs play the game on 30 fps loland anyone with a mediocre pc or less, game does not even launchthey said they will improve performance and am waiting for thatonce again ill update the review if the game ever launchesso far all my money wasted0/10 it litterly doesnt launch"
,Not Recommended,403640,26683994,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Sito920,Cant enjoy the game. FPS is dropping randomly. i have a 1080 sli and 6700k cpu.  Beta patch doesnt fix the issues with frame rate.  This Game defintely should of never been released.
76561198150027345,Not Recommended,403640,26739204,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,aaronranallo,"I would recommend, because the first one was fun, but currently all I have seen is the loading screen. All things equal, it's a nice loading screen. But not worth $60. I do not know why it will not load, as I have enough CPU, RAM, and an adequate graphics card."
,Not Recommended,403640,26518827,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Surkey,"Seems to have insane negative mouse accel. Trying to do 180 flicks is impossible as the faster you move the mouse, the slower the sensitivity gets. Even turning 45-90 degrees remotely faster than an arthritis riddled sloth slows it down noticeably.Awful FPS. 80fps in the starting room with everything on very low, despite having an i7-4790k, 8GB RAM and a 970. I could run Doom 2016 at 150-200 fps even in combat LULThank god for refunds."
,Not Recommended,403640,26730768,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Lillfjompa,"I Love the game. But since the pc-port is so bad, there is no possible way for me to recommend it. HOPE that there will be a review-codes given out so this won´t happen again. :("
,Not Recommended,403640,28296873,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,=T$E= OveriderJustin,I can't recommend this game. Not in its current state. It's poorly optimized and has lag all over on my pc. :/ Kind of disappointing considering I preordered this♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,403640,26605506,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Sack-of-Bonbons,"good story and game, but the performance makes it feel terrible.  Wait to buy."
,Not Recommended,403640,26574139,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,泥鰍小妹妹,"here is my specXEON E3 1230 v5 3.8ghz ocGTX 1080 SLI asus strix oc64 GB OF RAM 8X8GB DDR4 3200MHzThe ASRock Fatal1ty E3V5 Performance Gaming/OC motherboardCORSAIR RM Series RM1000 1000W ATX12V v2.4 and EPS 2.92 80 PLUS GOLD Certified Full Modular Active PFC Power SupplySamsung 750 EVO SSD 250GBWD Black 4TB Performance Desktop Hard Disk Drive - 7200 RPM SATA 6Gb/s 64MB Cache 3.5 Inch - WD4003FZEXMONITOR38"" Class 21:9 UltraWide® WQHD+ IPS Curved LED Monitor (37.5"" Diagonal) LG 38UC99-Wthe game runs pretty fine on my rig on ultra setting although i cannot seems to push further than 75fps and that's fine for me however even in open area my fps dip lower to 61-62fps which is quite bummer.i play on ultra setting with 21:9 aspect ratio and a ressolution of 3880x1600.and my rig is quite expensive than the monitor itself.the monitor cost around $1500 for me and my pc is around $2500+++.the game has alot of bugs, i for say enconter some runestone are unpickable and some other time when i accomplish a mission the game seems to close by it's own. i've encounter no crash or whatsoever on the game.but when i test the game on my 2nd couch gaming pc.my second pc spec:XEON E3 1230 v5 3.8ghz ocGTX 1060 msi gaming x64 GB OF RAM 8X8GB DDR4 3200MHzThe ASRock Fatal1ty E3V5 Performance Gaming/OC motherboardCORSAIR RM Series RM1000 1000W ATX12V v2.4 and EPS 2.92 80 PLUS GOLD Certified Full Modular Active PFC Power SupplySamsung 750 EVO SSD 250GBWD Black 4TB Performance Desktop Hard Disk Drive - 7200 RPM SATA 6Gb/s 64MB Cache 3.5 Inch - WD4003FZEXthe game frame rate dips below 30fps on open area, i mean wtf with the outdated game engine,this game runs worst on my medium rig and stuttering are happen often. might i say i plug this pc on tv for couch gaming,i even already update all my driver to latest ver and the game still runs poorly, i turn my setting to medium and the game barely reach 60fps on my gtx 1060.which is a bummer.i really fo enjoy the game on couch gaming than my high end pc,but now i only can enjoy the game on my expensive machine only. i really don't want to downvote this, but bethesda give me no choice since there is bug everywhere and most of the runestone are unpickable for me.i hope the next patch fix most of the issue including perforance issue and clean out all the bug in game.otherwise is a really good game to play. for bethesda to give 2 game in one price ,i really hope they learn their lesson from this and don't give us shoddy port.i like the first game alot than this crap."
76561198166661379,Not Recommended,403640,26537531,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,silentvortex,"Technical issues: VERY annoying performance issues on PC with GTX970 16GB ram . Stuttering, frame drops and poor quality even with low settings - imporved somewhat with tips from the internet. But the point is WHY? WHY do i have to spend hours of my life browsing forums to find hacks and tweaks to a game i bought when my rig far exceeds the minimum requirements? Thats the last game i'm buying from Bethesda/Arkane etc. - next time will wait until its actually playable.Story wise: begins nice, but it's much less beliveable than Dishonored 1. I am a huge fan of the story in the first part. I like the story in Dishonored 2 too but there are some ridiculous changes that simply make it lame and not believable. For  a spoiler free example  the Outsider now looks and talks like a frustrated teenager.... WHY Bethesda, WHY? The Outsider was one of the main ""tone/mood setters"" in the first part and i couldnt wait to meet the character again because in the first part he was actually believable. Now every time i meet him in 2 i can't help to feel that i'm watching a cheap soap opera..."
76561198145137111,Not Recommended,403640,26514534,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Kum Captain,"I have a Geforce 1080 and my game keeps crashing/freezing, but 7 crashes later I got to the main menu only to be proceeded with a freeze screen. Good job Bethesda.1 DAY LATER UPDATE: My game works now but whenever there's 2 OR MORE enemies in a room my frames drop horribly. Other than that it runs fine.DO NOT GET THIS GAME YET. I MEET THE REQUIREMENTS BUT STILL CANT PLAY IT."
76561198040984767,Not Recommended,403640,26685036,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Ballfondler,"This game is amazing. If you liked the first game you will love this game with the new story and new characters and all that jazz. BUT TOO BAD BETHESDA HATES PC GAMERS! I have a high tier computer not amazing super op computer but it runs Rise of Tomb Raider, LoL, Wolfeinstein, and alot more on Ultra no problems with 60 frames, yet I can't even enjoy this cuz it makes me sick to play.The frame rate is constantly jumping all around.Mouse settings are ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ for some reason, I feel like I need a seperate desk to computer turn around in the damn game.I set everything to very low, turned all the special stuff off, and still up and down frame rates.Im not gonna return the game cuz im just gonna buy it when they fix it anyways but, as a community, I feel like we need to start to not buy these games when they are ♥♥♥♥♥♥ like this. We need AAA companys to start to repect the PC world and stop ignoring us like they aren't making money off of us.Anyways, Good game♥♥♥♥♥♥port.Plz fix"
,Not Recommended,403640,26738231,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,sieg_alexander,"I do not write a review unless it is really called for, but in this case I think some things should be said.1) There are optimization issues. When devs say things like, ""get a better a machine,"" or ""players experiencing these issues may need to upgrade,"" I lose interest. We have benchmarking programs and we know how powerful our machines are. We are also given both minimum and recommended specs for most games. If devs give out specs that do not match in game performance, that is called poor optimization. This is largely irrelevant though, since it is not the only issue, and there are workarounds (not that the community should be responsible for providing one for a newly released game).2) I have played the game over two periods of time. Both times the game has unexpectedly crashed. This last time was while I was eating some grapes (to get hp back). That is what prompted this review. I am sad to say that I can not recommend this game based on these two problems, since I can neither play the game the way it was meant to look, nor play the game at all for an extended period of time without experiencing a crash. That is unacceptable and I am not an entitled jerk for saying that. My disposable income limits my purchases to games I believe to be of the highest quality.This game is not.Also, do not blame your playerbase when the mass majority of them encounter the same issue(s). I am not going to refund this game, because I am a large fan of the first, and what gameplay I have had, I have enjoyed. But I can not recommend anyone purchase this game at this time. Give it a couple of months, or wait for it to go on sale.Bitterly disappointed."
,Not Recommended,403640,26744159,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,AYoungSatedProdigy,"this game is not worth 60 dollars in my opinion. its very short(about 8-9 hours and that was exploring everything on ghost w/ clean hands) and has little to reward exploration. there are two characters you play with little to no powers being used since 1) they cost too much mana 2) mana is hard to find in this game and there is not enough of it 3) half the powers are useless (why the ♥♥♥♥♥ would i ♥♥♥♥ing upgrade the ability to survive large falls?) 4) some of the powers seem cool but cost too much or do very little..( i thought the dopplganager would be cool but it cant even function properly yet kill a civilian). there are 9 missions i beleive 2 of which you are in the same area. your base ♥♥♥♥ing blows. the missions whill take you an hour maybe more if you wanna read the lore (which is pointless because 1) this isnt skyrim where its built up to like 9 elderscrolls games , there are only 2 dishonored games.) there is not enough drops of ammo to use. weapon upgrade is usless and expensive( there no point since theres no new game plus+ why accumalate all these gadgets for a 9 mission ♥♥♥♥ing game). Most upgrades are found/bought at later stages of the game ( theres no point it will only serve you for one mission( i use my pistol and i couldnt even find the upgrade for that ♥♥♥♥♥!). the story is worse, atleast dishonored 1 had a amazing twist and you got to play as the legendary daud!. This one the character narratives random chit but its chit we dont care. the outsider(the god that gives u powers ) blows chet cuz he sounds like a♥♥♥♥♥♥♥10 year old as opposed to the first which sounded bad@ss. the only improvement is the Ai which is still easy to exploit. overall i think its garbage, the scenery is good, no suprise since its a french made game, yet theres nothing backing it up. it feels empty and generic. build the story up some more and megan fosters true identity does not count as a twist. I expect better if i was project leader i wouldve fired these clowns along time ago"
,Not Recommended,403640,26755955,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,大きなアニメのおっぱい,Performance issues bog down what might be one of the best games of this year.Wait for further patches before buying.
,Not Recommended,403640,28317145,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,TechNoir,"It has been exactly one month, since Dishonored 2 was released. I postponed the writing of this review, in hopes that the issues raised by the community would be addressed within 30 days of release. As of writing, the product was updated to version 1.3, however, changes introduced are objectively insufficient to remedy the situation, in regards to abysmal performance and image quality issues, and have even in some ways degraded the player experience from the original release version.The following issues still persist:Gains to minimum and average frame-rate between using the ""Very Low"" and ""Ultra"" graphics quality settings presets are negligible.Appalling frame-rate pacing issues, which cause horrid stutter regardless of the actual frame-rate value. This occurs even in those rare moments with frame-rate values significantly above 60 fps, usually in the building interiors and heavily enclosed spaces. (V-Sync and Frame-Rate limiter disabled)Inconsistent texture quality, as a result of the poorly implemented ""texture streaming"" technology. This occurs regardless of whether the user has installed the product on a traditional magnetic hard disk drive or a faster storage device like the solid state drive. These issues persist even on systems with high amount of VideoRAM.Dreadful audio playback issues which occur regardless of graphics performance. These are manifested as an intermittent disruption to sound reproduction. This is mostly limited to sound effects and character voices, but seldom affects the background music as well.As it stands, I cannot in good conscience recommend this product."
,Not Recommended,403640,26707108,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Dee,"""Our work on Dishonored 2 continues."" - Arkane, a week after release.Well, let me know when it's finished!"
76561198012156047,Not Recommended,403640,26558897,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,the biggest mac on the block,"CPU - i7 6700k 4.20 GHz.GPU - EVGA 1080 FTW x2 SLI with EVGA HB Bridge.I Play the Witcher 3 (great game) better than I play this. Same with battlefield 1.Ill get anywhere from 144 FPS to 40 all in half a second. The game also has  tremendous microstutter and some are saying the games mouse movement is tied to the FPS.......The most bizarre thing ive seen is every time the game encounters a loading screen, the game sets itself to low priority on the task manager.This is a terrible port...please dont be like me and reward them for such a poorly optimized game.We all now know why they didnt release review copies......PS. There are a number of crude workarounds on the reddit so if you bought it anyway go check there."
76561198264160988,Not Recommended,403640,26622573,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Dualium,"""Take back what's yours""Well, I want my frames or money back."
,Not Recommended,403640,26714539,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,♥Ashley♥,"This is just a brief summary for now, i'll consider writing a full review later.Edit: Yes i know Bethesda didn't make the game, i was just pointing out that all titles published by them have awful writing.I've fortunately been able to avoid the worst of the frame rate problems many users have been suffering from. While this is the case, i still feel extremely disappointed with the game as a while and felt many reviews were not pointing out some glaring issues.Briefly put the story is pretty standard for a bethesda game, simple and and straight to the point but as usual characters fail to emote any personality beyond their designated role. Not really a complaint as it is just yeh, it's exactly what you'd expect from a bethesda game.What i've experienced the most difficulties with is simply put, bad stealth design and buggy and broken stealth mechanics. An equal mixture of bad maps with too many corridors and buggy stealth has only caused me to feel fustration and boredom.Many maps you'll come across will often place around 6 or more enemies within an extremely small space or even placing numerous enemies down a corridor that you HAVE to walk down. The result is you seem to spend too much time just purely waiting for one guy to move then you do planning, observing and exploring. With these boring wait periods it's easy to get fustrated which i only applified by extremely buggy stealth mechanics. The change to the blink skill only results in a buggy power that only adds anger as you try to get it to point at where you want to go. Once you finally get it to notice where you're pointing, as it tends to collide with any other object near you, it will drag you often slightly off course causing you to completely miss the intended point.I've thrown bottles across a room to distract enemies, only to see them instantly sprint to the exact position it was thrown from and not where it landed. Enemies eyes that can lock onto you through multiple walls the moment they decide something is suspicious making hiding around corners impossible. An extremely inconsistant lean mechanic that enemies can something not spot you when you're completely exposed but other times will trigger full detection from extremely long distances.The list goes on and the combination of the tightly packed clustured areas in the game along with the buggy skills and mechanics just leaves me feeling bored or angry."
,Recommended,403640,31339935,Posted: 24 April,all,Carrot <3 Sexy Time !,"Had allot of fun playing Dishonored 1 so offcourse I had to buy Dishonored 2.The experience didn't start very great, because even half a year later you can't run the game maxed out.It will become laggy, you have to lower the settings and that's sad and made me want to downvote the game.But I had plenty of fun playing this game.Once again you get overthrown by the enemy and you can choose to play as Corvo or Emily.You can chose to be an Assassin and kill everyone or kill nobody if you wish.I played Corvo first and killed basicly everyone getting me High Choas and on the second run was Emily with no kills and no detections.Emily has different powers then Corvo I like hers allot more.Corvo might be a better fighter.The storyline is pretty good and I won't spoil it, but yeah how you play the game makes small differences in the game.Had plenty of gametime and fun so I'm happy with the game even if the devs haven't fixed the stuttering."
76561198071712054,Not Recommended,403640,26544976,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Nikrbawkr,Unplayable version at launch. If your an average gamer- as in have an average pc then your out of luck. Arkane screwed this one up. Wait for the patches.
,Not Recommended,403640,26533839,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Sel Buno,Can't run this game on the lowest setting with a 800x600 resolution but can run The Witcher 3 on high with a stable 60 fps at 1080p? This game is broken. I'm a huge fan of dishonored and have beat the game many times so naturally I was super excited for the sequel. Well it turns out it's a broken mess and the worst part is the from what little I played it seems like a great game. I can't find out though because I can't play it.
,Recommended,403640,26743432,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Jakman,"Go inside = 60fps, go outside = 35 fpsRuns like cr@p, the difference between frame rates is too big, going from ultra to very low gets me 5 - 10fps difference, this is betapatch 1.2MSI R9 390, 8Gb RAM, FX 8350Is a very fun game though, don't get it until they fix it."
76561197992529681,Recommended,403640,26744065,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,ricep,"Excellent game, the second patch has improved a lot my framerate and stability. 60fps at last!"
76561197979655447,Not Recommended,403640,26628217,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Major Alex Louis Armstrong,"Game not launching, get ur negative review idiots devs."
76561198059328795,Not Recommended,403640,28280756,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,DaPotatoOfDoom,"-Be 8 hours in-About to complete a mission-Checks stats, thinking how great you are.-2 people killed.-Only have three saves, all have the same data.-Have to restart the entire game, just so I can complete the game without kills.-Least I can try a few more achievements.=It's a great game, the atmosphere is good. Grapics look great. But the sytem sucks, and bugs still run amuck. So, yeah."
,Not Recommended,403640,26601049,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Brangutang,Some of the worst optimisation I have ever seen. Unacceptable release.
,Not Recommended,403640,26600967,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Dingus Fingus,Void engine? More like AVoid this engine amiright?
76561198072999918,Recommended,403640,28341116,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,stuart.rimmer,"I'm lucky, I haven't had the performance issues many people have. I love the look, feel and style of this game. A real step up from the first, but still familiar enough to satisfy those who loved Dishonored. The level designs are at times fantastic - in two chapters in particular. My only slight gripe is that it felt a bit short, though this can be extended if you spend your time loooking for every secret, and the playthroughs as both Emily and Corvo are just about different enougn to make playing them both worthwhile. Personally I think this is a great game and I can't wait for any DLCs that may be in the pipeline, as long as they are mission based and not arena style enemy battles. Thumbs up from me."
,Not Recommended,403640,30978139,Posted: 6 April,all,Megakoresh,"Dishonored 2 is every bit like Dishonored 1 and every one of those bits is slightly to moderately worse. It's a completely iterative sequel with no innovation to speak of, just like you'd expect from Bethesda (though not necessarily from Arkane).You read about performance and technical problems enough, I'll skip that.GameplayBiggest problem with gameplay is the difference between Corvo and Emily - the latter is MUCH more powerful and fun to play, allowing some interesting loud, stealthy, lethal AND non-lethal combos, while Corvo has the same kit as in the last game, but without the level design that utilizes that to full extent (and to be honest - Crovo's kit being rather bland and not well suited to neither stealth nor non-lethal playthroughs was one of the biggest complaints about last game).Other problems include massive grind that block access to the crafting system (in order to craft anything powerful enough to have an actual gameplay effect I had to start New Game + and play for around 4 hours before I could do it). Then there's the hyper-perceptive enemies that have an instantly-filling alert indicator at a range that makes sense only for eagles wearing high-powered monocles, and certainly not humans.Level designSignificantly worse than Dishonored 1's timeless and memorable levels, levels in Dishonored 2 are a lot more generic and the only memorable ones are Kalkstein's mechanical house and the mansion where you can switch between past and present in real time (incrediblycool mechanic, I've never seen anything like this). Granted those 2 levels are leagues ahead of anything in Dishonored 1, however the bland and generic levels filling up the rest of this game overshadow those 2 flashes of brilliance.Another issue is that levels in Dishonored 2 are not as fun gameplay-wise as in the first game. There are usually not as many ways to advance as in Dishonored 1, due to them being rather generic in nature (concrete apartment blocks, streets, more concrete buildings, more apartment blocks), you don't see as much variation in the level. For example in Dishonored 1 you could go from a small cage onto a roof, onto a flooded street, onto a makeshift outpost in collapsed district in one level. Lots of transitions both in terms of verticality and enemy positioning, and in terms of level visuals. In Dishonored 2 almost everything is on a generic street. They could have at least included some parks or factories or something with a different theme and layout. But no. Streets, apartments, and more streets. Even the observatory level felt very much like an apartment building with a street, except for the library hall.StoryBy far the weakest part of Dishonored 2. Not only is the beginning so obviously rushed, out of place and nonsensical that it's literally cringeworthy (cringeworthy story segment in a Dishonored game!  With the same writers? How?!), but there are no memorable characters in the entire game! Like ANY. Even Kalkstein is not particularly interesting, and they all appear as nothing more than mission targets. The first game put a huge emphasis on building up characters, both friends and foes, it really made you feel like part of the world and defined well your own place in it. In this game your place is evidently slashing/choking enemies™ with the story being so bland and forgettable.Note, that voiceacting itself is actually good, it's the plot and writing of characters that makes it all so bad. Never thought they could drop the ball so hard with one of the best elements of the first game.WorldThis part of the game suffered least compared to the first game. There's still lots of lore to explore and find around the levels, but with the story and the levels themselves being so uninspired, the world building doesn't seem as appealing as it was in Dishonored 1. I liked the backstory of the Outsider though, I hope they expand on that a bit more later.OverallOverall it's a game very similar to Dishonored 1 but worse in pretty much every respect. Perhaps if they weren't so fixated on reproducing their first success, and simply used their creativity to make something in the same genre and world, this game would have turned out great. But I honestly can't be sure if Arkane really wanted to make this game, or if they were simply forced to by Bethesda in order to captialise of the first installment's major success. Whichever is the case, I can not recommend this title at full price. At 50% or less, you'll get your money's worth, especially if you play Emily, but not more than that."
76561198092864368,Not Recommended,403640,26554816,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,overdosedpanda,Black Screen on start up. Got a refund.
,Recommended,403640,26575795,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,̇ṀΘΘƘIΣ Mookie,"Here are my initial assessments of the game just to get it out there and let my friends know my early thoughts.I really really love how the devs did to the sequelI’ve been playing a lot of new released games this year like TITANFALL 2, XCOM 2, & Mafia 3…etc.I know that each PC gamer has their own setup and personal settings on certain games where a lot of people fret about technical issues while I never encountered one until I played this game.The frame rate issue is true and physically hurting my eyes while my mind wants to play further even when I disabled the anti-aliasing & set on lower settings.The mouse sensitivity was a bit too stiff so I had to set it to max.Onto the good stuffs (so far), you start off playing as Emily as an introduction to the game and it’s tutorials. Later, you’ll have to choose either her or Corvo and even later down the line the game will ask you if you want to play the game with or without powers so to sum it up, the replayability of the game will total to four at the least.I really love playing stealth mode with no kills in this game as well as the first one but this time, the options are so many for me to execute that it gave me another idea whenever I re-play my run and gives me those “aha” moments.The visuals are amazing and obviously an upgrade from the previous one but whenever I’m in open areas, things get a little laggy because the of the frame rate drops.I hope that they can fix the technical issues from the game so that I won’t have to take some breaks to rest my eyes.I will recommend this game for those who love the first game or Deus Ex: Human Revolution & Mankind Divided or anything alike but I can’t recommend this game for those who are expecting a smooth sail on the gameplay and technical experiences because with all honesty,  like I said that my eyes are hurting from the frame rate drops while my mind wants to play more...UPDATE Nov. 24, 2016They finally updated the game with 1.2 version... it's playable now but I was hoping for a Game+ to come with it but never the less... it's good now..."
,Not Recommended,403640,26648826,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Blue,"Ok this is a true story!I came home from my boring day job on release, I sit down in my comfy chair and turn on my pc.It took 13.7 seconds to boot, then display the windows 10 login screen.I then open steam to find Dishonored 2 has been released. Great I had this pre-installed.After waiting 20 minutes for steam to unpack the files In which time,I cooked and ate a full roast dinner and shampooed the dog.Sitting back in my comfy chair I hit play, then to be greeted by a picture with a load bar.I thought to myself, ""that's a loading screen, yep that's what that is.""Then I hit the menu and turning it all to Ultra settings @ 3440 x 1440 I hit play!My whole world when down hill from here, things get rather... graphic. You have been warned! (See what I did there?)I then hit play, My anxiety was overwhelming! I'd waited my whole life for the moment.Then I hit another load screen, then a cutscene thats when it hit me.30 fps came swing at my face like a mule kicking me in the teeth!I fell to the floor, crawling in anger I lashed back almost snapped the monitor in half.I knew my hand was broken but I couldn't stop myself swing wildly at the screen.all I saw was red...                                                                   pixels.After 30 seconds had past it had felt like a hour I was exhausted!while I sat there panting I knew my fps shouldn't have that low my Titan X (Pascal) should have destroyed that game.Thats when I remembered my dog Buster that I was shampooing was still in the bath, I rushed back to find him floating above the water, ""Uh Damn"" I said to myself.It was at this moment my wife walked in.Me in a bathroom, a bath full of water. and a dead dog.She left me that night.I felt so Dishonored I had to write this review.10/10 would shampoo again.(Disclaimer no dog and/or monitor was harmed in the making of this review.)"
,Recommended,403640,29871261,Posted: 12 February,all,Not Game Pub,"It's the same old kind Dishonored, only the best in everything (except the story, It is so-so). And if you liked the first Dishonored, then you will enjoy Dishonored 2. But you need to have a very powerful computer, system requirements at the height of the space."
,Not Recommended,403640,30982929,Posted: 6 April,all,PerfectPencil,"I loved the original Dishonored... I waited to pick this game up because of all of the negative reviews that said it was poorly optimized figuring they would fix it with a patch or two. Well...they didn't. My rig is only a year old and it runs like molasses.I'll keep this on my wishlist and pick it up again a year or two from now. Maybe they will patch it by then. I can wait, though. I'd rather wait for a good experience than play it in this state. If they never patch it, i'll never play it."
76561198077114816,Recommended,403640,30446536,Posted: 11 March,all,Pajamas,"อร่อยดี , เลือกปรุงรสได้ตามที่ชอบ และชอบไม่ชอบก็แล้วคนPlaylists .https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL0vaU4xVMHMMJTj99G6BY2RHKHJQ3OBjy"
76561198256064940,Not Recommended,403640,26568940,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Benis Parker,"I was so excited to play this game becuase ive been waiting for years, only to find out that it does not work. I've tryed evrything to fix it such as deleting it and redownloading it and verifiying the download location, im so mad and upset, if anyone was any suggestions please tell me :("
76561198022059865,Recommended,403640,26520247,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,ChooBoo,"Really enjoying so far, got GTX980 and no issues to be seen for me. Immsersive, great graphics, lots of hidden areas and side bits (love that in stealth games). R.e issues others are having, hope the developer brings out a stability patch to help with performance on lower spec machines."
76561198069786111,Recommended,403640,26762317,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Galactic Space Jesus,"Guys, the patch is out. Performance runs fine now.Smooth on high setting with GTX970.The game itself is amazing without the issue, no doubt.Buy it!"
,Recommended,403640,28734473,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,soopernova01,"This game is absolutely brilliant. there are simply so many ways to play the game, there are too many to count. once you've finished the main story (wich is amazing BTW), you immediatley want to start another game. and this is where the fun begins. the sheer amount of player-made challenges and restrictions you can put on yourself makes the replay value of this game sky-high. just to name a few, you can play flesh and steel; not using any supernatural powers and not accepting the outsiders mark. you can play ghost; never get detected, non-leathal; not killing anyone, and then you have the obvious difficulty setting. these are just the more popular ones. Personally, i love mixing them all up and combining them for a refreshing and intense playtrough.but what Dishonored 2 does best in my opinion, a thing also being a core feature in the first game, is giving you choice of how to traverse the map. with the new generation of consoles (*cough* pcmasterrace *cough*), Arkane could put insane amounts of content in every level (more likemapconsidering the size of them). so much so, in fact that at times I found myself wondering how the hell they did it! You will rarely find yourself with only one single path to approach an objective. each map is packed full of NPCs, explorable buildings and apartments. Every NPC has something useful to say (at least if you overhear conversations they have with others), and every apartment has a story to tell, and this is where Arkane's masterful enviromental storytelling comes in. I simply won't give an example of this, because you should experience it yourself.Another great addition to the game, is NPC randomness. Enemies, of course, still have their usual set patrols, but once things turn ugly, they may sometimes act in unexpected ways, like someone would in real life.Now, if you do end up buying this game (wich I highly recommend you do), the one thing that made this game probably more amazing for me than for others, is the fact that i turned of the HUD. every part of the beatiful level design and enviromental storytelling in the maps comes to life, and with the HUD no more blocking 20% of your feild of view, you get to see much more of them. now your question might be ""well, if i can't see the HUD, how do i know where to go?"". here's the thing:you don't,but Arkane have put the tool to lead you to all corners of the levels in your hand: the heart. In the beginning, I was confused as to how I was supposed to find out all the secrets of the maps, but i quickly came to the realization that the bone charms and runes were placed so you would explore the entire map to find them all.Now, i know what you're saying... ""but how come you're saying the game is so good when the reviews are so bad!?"". well, the simple answer is that the only thing that those negative reviews have in common, is that they are all regarding PC performance, wich is as good as fixed now.There is really nothing about this game that i do not like. I highly recommend buying it, just do a little research and there should be lots of places that sell the game for cheap."
76561198078188251,Recommended,403640,33397871,Posted: 9 July,all,Agosaxv2.0.4+,"+ Fun stealth action.+ Can play peaceful run where you kill nobody or go rambo and kill everybody , your choice.+ Lots of power ups and sorcerries in your posession to mess around with.+ multiple way to achieve your objectives.+ ""New Game +"" mode where you keep all your special powers + unlocked power of the other character that you cannot use in the first playthrough.- The performance is not so good for the graphic this game has.- Also the frame time is not every consistant so sometime it may seem choppy even at 50+ fps. Using external fps limiter may help.Overall good game , recommended."
,Not Recommended,403640,26538790,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Cosmeoh,"At the time of this review, don't buy this game. It is poorly optimized for PC."
,Not Recommended,403640,26516790,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Vann!,"FANTASTIC gameplay. Dishonored 2 expands on the first game in all the right ways.However, I cannot recommend the game in it's current state as it has serious performance issues and CTDs."
,Not Recommended,403640,27269700,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Epuc - IPC,Pros:GameplayStory (for the most part)Various approaches to each missionCons:Unfinished game release (seems to becoming more of a common trend)Horrible performance across all systems
76561198202060383,Not Recommended,403640,26530946,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Elbatmanuelreal,Blah! I can't even play the game.. audio is coming through but my display is nothing but sputtering darkness. 1/10 wait for the patch.
76561197973716285,Not Recommended,403640,26540545,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Slie,"I couldn't wait for this game.  I really couldn't.  I couldn't wait to be creeping around again, sneaking into places I shouldn't.  As it is,  I am about 3 hours in now, game play seems to revolve around 5-min startups followed by endless trawling through forums and sites trying to find a fix to make the fracking thing get to the main screen.  I have tried everything revolving around Steam Cloud, saved files, driver updates, and the best part (spoiler) has been popping my Steam Refund Cherry.I will play this game one day.  I hope I love it.  But for this shambolic quality on release, I am getting my £39.99 back.  The game gets a NOT RECCOMENDED which does nothing to get me 3 hours of life back but might save someone else the annoyance."
,Not Recommended,403640,26552264,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Gamble Guy,"unoptomized, too hard, cant dance by spamming crouch, cant super cool blink, and dont get powers for the first mission after the outside interaction. ♥♥♥♥ing let down im getting dark souls 3."
,Not Recommended,403640,26564158,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Jacurutu,"Only play if you have a really good computer, don't pay attention to the minimum requirements and go for at least recommended or better.Bethesda Softworks is not a good publisher.Arkane studios makes good games though."
76561198073794575,Not Recommended,403640,26567008,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Anxiety,"Don't get me wrong. This game is not bad at all. It is one of the best games I played this year. However buying it on PC at the moment is not smart at any way.  You see the problem is that the optimisation is garbage. The frame rate hardly goes up to 60 frames on normal settings, the mouse sensativity would speed up and then slow down just like you are playing on a controller, but the game breaking bug for me is the saving problem.This game has checkpoints and a quick save feature. I personally only use quick saves, because they are much more reliable than checkpoints. Here comes the problem. Sometimes when i press f5 an error message would pop up saying ""The space on your hard disk just ran out"". Then another error pops up saying ""All of your saves have been deleted. And we are desableing the auto save feature."" Somehow i managed to fix it the first and the second time ,but I just gave up on third one.Say all you want, but I can't recomend this game just yet. Buy it on a console or wait for patches. It's up to you to decide if you want to buy it or not. I'm going to say some nice things about this game. If you think that this game is worse than the original, I'm here to tell you the opposite. The quality of graphics, animations and the gameplay is much more higher compared to the first game.However I refunded this game and I will probably gonna get it in a year, when all essentials patches are released and sales might show up.p.s.If you play on a Russian version like me, I would recomend changing it to the english version."
76561198127657486,Not Recommended,403640,26606301,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Mandiru,"I really want to recommend this game. I really do. I waited in line for the oringinal Dishonored for the 360, played it for countless hours. I've bought it on Steam, played it through again, then bought the DLC and played as [Secondary Character] because I love both the game, and the world, so much.Don't get me wrong, the story world in Dishonored 2 is very much enjoyable. There's lore aplenty if you read through the countless books, leaflets, and newspapers you pick up. Plus, the artstyle is very much the same. The colors are intense, and not much is lacking for detail.However, this is the part that I don't like.My rig is very much able to run at ""Ultra"". However, whenever [my character] is able to look into the distance, which can be quite vast, it feels as though I need to wear glasses because suddenly my 20/20 vision is for naught. Everything, even the objects in close view, look very fuzzy. Almost as though I've stepped into the light of day for the first time and my eyes need time to adjust.Not only that, but occasionally the screen lags for countless seconds. Jump out of one window into a new area and suddenly I need to wait at least 30-45 seconds for the game to be responsive again. Luckily, I've not encountered an enemy in that time. I know that if I did, [my character] would be dead. Or severely injured at the very least.As I said, I very much want to give this game the thumbs up, because I like the original and its DLC so much, but until preformance issues can be dealt with, I fear that I cannot."
76561198028435724,Not Recommended,403640,26609670,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Jordle,"Huge delay between you moving your mouse, and the cursor moving on the screen.Very much unplayable."
76561198082598577,Not Recommended,403640,26549196,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Merlin,"I loved the first Dishonored went ahead and preordered dishonored 2, but even with my i5 6600k, 16gb ram, and an asus strix gtx 1070 i could not run this on high in 1440p on a steady 60fps. If i go 1080p, it would still dip to 50fps, on high. I'm very annoyed and will be returing this game. lesson learn, never preorder games. Im sorry arcane studios but you lost a very dedicated dishonored fan. If the patch does seem to fix the issues, ill repurchase this, but not at full price."
,Not Recommended,403640,26560356,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Narshe,"Refused to give out review copies, so that they could hide the horrible performance issues from customers. Runs terribly on lots of machines, would recommend waiting until patches before buying. Really dishonest, cynical behaviour from Bethesda though."
76561198212033145,Not Recommended,403640,26588373,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Ant,"The game itself is great, but with this current optimization it's literally unplayable if you don't have a stupid high-end PC. Had to buy on PS4 just to enjoy this wonderful game. Will edit/change if performance increases."
76561197966674840,Not Recommended,403640,26598901,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Rawr,"It feels like it should be an awesome game, it looks like an awesome game. But i cant enjoy it at all, i really want to...The performance is crap! Even tho i have above recommended requirements the fps drops like crazy, mouse speeding up or down depending on where you look.I regret buying it, as i cant stand to play it."
76561198018026589,Not Recommended,403640,26609601,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,quaridius,"Edit: The optimization was extremely poor at launch, but it has since been patched. The framerate still dips too low in certain spots, and I still have to keep the settings a little lower than they should be for it to run smoothly.That said, for me at least, it is now playable and I've been thoroughly enjoying it. The level design is fantastic and the game overall is much better than the last. Two levels take the gameplay in new, innovative directions.I can't quite bring myself to change my review to a recommend due to the optimization still not being, well, optimal, however it is playable now and if you want to experience a fantastic game and you can stand a few hiccups, it's worth picking up. If you want it 100% or close to, I'd wait."
76561198079440625,Not Recommended,403640,26610757,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Ark,I'd comment on the game if it were playable on any setting whatsoever.
,Not Recommended,403640,26651708,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Cheeeese Gromit!,"as a game its absolutely amazing and I recommend it to any fan of the original Dishonored, and even to people who have no experience with the first. luckily for me the game has worked perfectly for most of the game, then glitched out on mission 8, now the game won't even go past the first loading screen since this patch. I cannot recommend purchasing the game for now as it is still very buggy, I'd hold onto my cash for now if I was you or just buy it on console if you own one."
76561198036559722,Not Recommended,403640,26557768,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,SerHoneyBadger,"The game runs extremely unstable, i have a gtx 1080 and my framerate indoors is 144 fps but once i step outside it tanks to sub 30 fps. making this games with its fast paced combat system, along with its blinking and jumping unplayable.1/10 whould preorder again"
76561198255485583,Not Recommended,403640,26610112,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,ToxicXelta,"I thought I might have been very lucky, and avoided the performance issues that almost everyone on PC is experiencing, but once I got past the introduction, and opened the roof door to the first outside area, my fps tanked to around 40 on Ultra. By far the worst performing game I've played so far in the year since I've switched to PC gaming. A GTX 980 should easily be able to get 60 fps + on modern games completely maxed out at 1080P, 144Hz without ever dropping below 60, Hopefully this patch they speak of will fix this horrid mess."
,Not Recommended,403640,26756353,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Prinnies,optimized to♥♥♥♥♥♥avoid at all costsgo back to Dishonored 1 there is nothing for us here
,Not Recommended,403640,26755553,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Rock Candies,the game keeps crashing. I can run Dishonored at about 70 FPS. Can't even play the second one.
,Not Recommended,403640,26758129,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,hyz,"Dishonored 2 is a game i was very excited to play. Although the fps issues really held me back, limiting my pc, (GTX 980 TI) to only 60fps, and dropping well below 30 when entering new areas... I waited anxiously for Bethesda to patch the game, I even ran the expiremental Beta patch to no avail. The new patch came out today, the one they claimed ""fixed fps issues."" But i still have the same problems, no matter if i play the game on Ultra, or lowest, i get the same fps... Please Bethesda let me play your game. I don't want my money back, i just want to play it ffs..."
,Not Recommended,403640,26755000,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,LittleBigPancake,I hope someday I get to come back and change this review to positive but the performance is awful.I really loved Dishonored I and spent the time to 100% it so I have high hopes for this game. Please fix the performance!
76561198155008971,Not Recommended,403640,26744026,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Trooper,"Hi guys,So I played the first Dishonored game over and over again and loved it so i was really looking forward to getting a go on this one. I wasn't disappointed by the play style or the gameplay in itself, its just the fact that there was lag between me moving the cursor and it moving in game and it was running at 10fps despite me easily having the specs to play it (this was on very low graphics etc.) All that to day that I'm sure the game is decent but I've read a lot of reviews and it doesn't seem that I'm the only one with this problem.Cheers,Trooper"
,Not Recommended,403640,26741512,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,spriggen666,Its a good game that runs like♥♥♥♥♥♥and crashes my pc constantly despite doing everything they say to make the game run.I have my settings all set to low and I still only 30 -45 fps average with drops more often then they should. while steam says I have 11 hours I only have 5.5 on my in game campaign I have wasted so much time getting this game to run and after i finally do it reverted back to crashing upon load in so i dont reccomend this game and I hope that i can get a refund because this is actually unacceptableRig:duel nvidea gtx 680 4gb32 gb ramAmd 8150 3.60 ghzsammsung 250gb ssd
,Not Recommended,403640,26544837,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,DarkCove,Unplayable on PC and with no quick patches and Arkane not sounding very sorry I'm refunding it. Might buy on xbox later but never for PC considering how awful the optimisation is.
76561198168567150,Not Recommended,403640,26544764,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,rakshithanand99,"I would love to say this game is great. Unfortunately, its not. And I blame this entirely on poor optimisation; even with the graphics on their lowest settings there is stuttering, framerate drops and pop in textures galore; DO NOT buy this game until it is patched to run more smoothly. What makes this worse is that there is a cool game underneath all this, but as of today its not come out yet."
,Not Recommended,403640,26592682,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Dont touch that pootis bird,Ran at 30 fps on lowest settings when in any area that was not the tutorial. Shame as i really enjoyed dishonored one on xbox 360In case this helps my specs are:Rx 470 4 gb6 core proccesor 3.4 GHz amd8 gigs of ram
,Not Recommended,403640,26587555,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Acéphalos,Terrible performance issues on my GTX960M. Will delete this if the coming patch fixes things.
,Recommended,403640,33203539,Posted: 3 July,all,papaya,"If you played Dishonored and loved it, you'll love Dishonored 2. I've 100%'d this game, and it was absolutely worth it in every aspect. It adds a few more things over the original, but it keeps what made the original game so fun and added in a whole new character, Emily Kaldwin. This is easily one of my GOTY for 2016, certainly the AAA GOTY.You'll love it, I promise."
76561198002841538,Not Recommended,403640,26544535,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,ye,"I wish I had prepared enough lube to survive the anal onslaught that Arkane brought against me. Don't follow in my footsteps. Buy enough lube, and maybe you will survive what I could not."
,Not Recommended,403640,28261714,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,stfudisc,"the♥♥♥♥♥♥optimization didnt really bother me, im used to 30fpsthe game is ok and its not worth 70 bucks, get it on sale only if you really liked dishonored 1. (personally, i had more fun in 1)"
76561198039694866,Not Recommended,403640,28013891,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Jeffrey C. Drywater,"Despite my PC exceeding the recommended specifications I am unable play the game without frame rates dropping into the twenties and thirties in most outdoor areas. I don’t begin to understand the complexities of programming a modern video game and I understand that there are going to be glitches and bugs but I have owned this game for over two weeks and I still can’t play it (the first patch made no noticeable changes). For that reason, I would not recommend this game - at least until the current issues are addressed.Update: Thu, Dec 22 2016  9:39PM - Dishonored 2 is now at patch 1.3 and my performance has only been slightly improved. The game feels sluggish. Even in ares where the Steam FPS display shows a steady 60 FPS, it seems like it’s jagged or rough, like it’s skipping frames or displaying the same frames instead of updating. It doesn’t feel smooth or fluid and it makes game play unpleasant.I realize that it’s not the popular opinion but the game feels incomplete and sloppy to me and it’s very frustrating. I should not have these performance issues given my hardware. I don’t doubt that creating a game is a daunting, complicated and involved process but that’s no excuse for putting out such a poor game. I have no doubt that automobiles are difficult to build too but selling them with parts missing, worse than advertised gas mileage, engine troubles and unfinished components then making vague promises to customers about fixing the issues later would never be acceptable and I don’t think it’s too much to ask to have game makers to do some testing and quality control. Just my opinion.I continue to not recommend Dishonored 2."
76561197969477816,Not Recommended,403640,28260880,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Tenks,"I was enjoying this game until I killed the Duke and he didn't drop his vault key. Now my 16+ hours save is useless as I can't progress any further.I'm getting tired of these tripple A games coming out without being fully tested, these developers should be ashamed of themselves.I'm hoping they add a mission select feature, or a restart mission option because I'm not starting from scratch.Thumbs down for now, if they fix all these problems then I'll come back and re-review."
76561198137699599,Not Recommended,403640,26530462,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,bees,"Technical issues and low frame rates, using a 750Ti which can run basically every game in the last year at 1080p 60fps on medium settings, but not this. While it may run like♥♥♥♥♥♥because my pc is low end, loads of people are having technical issues and some people are just getting lucky."
,Recommended,403640,26512244,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,pablo,"EDIT: It seems like its actually the majority of consumers having frame rate issues with this title - Its a real shame and it blocks an otherwise good game, but remember if it runs like♥♥♥♥♥♥on your machine, get a refund quickly, you can always revisit it when your issues have been solvedSome people saying that they are having issues with framerates, i cant speak for them as my game ran completely smooth.Im running it with almost everything on high but with HBAO or whatever its called turned off, render scale is also 100%My specs are GTX 980, i7 4790, 16GB ram and im using Windows 8.1Story is amazing so far, although the beginning is heartbreaking (Wont spoil too much)Gameplay is also really good, it expands on the previous ones and fixes previous error, although the block system seems a little bit off? That doesnt really bother me too much though as im doing a low chaos playthrough first.Once again the abilities are just amazing with some really cool new additions and so far the mission seem VERY flexible. There are tonnes of ways to approach your target, and seeing your master plan succeed is as always a joy.If you have 60 to spare and want a good singleplayer game with what im assuming is amazing replayability if it does it as well or better than the first one (2 Characters now so probably better right?) you should definately pick this title up."
76561198030354900,Not Recommended,403640,28679673,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,shikotsunami,"Well this is actually my first Steam review, after picking this game up after reading about a lot of the fixes - and my setup being pretty decent: 3.4ghz i5, GTX 1070, 24gb DDR4 ram, I figured I'd at least be able to brute force the games performance to a decent level. Whilst the first 1hrs of gaming ran relatively decently, after landing in a bigger open city I had some serious slowdown - and experienced 2 crashes in the space of 2 hrs. All the latest graphics drivers from Nvidia were installed.I have a few positives to say:+ First, the story seemed fantastic - it drew me in pretty much straight away, and the charatcers and voice acting seemed great. The atmosphere is well and truly nailed, despite the game being really choppy in the bigger cities it was great seeing NPCs go about their business in a delapidated city that shows flashes of interesting objects and architecture. While throughout getting a great sense of lore and narrative.And some negatives:- Slowdown and choppiness aside, I noticed when the graphics options were cranked right up that the visuals felt seriouslly off key. High levels of blur in the enviroment felt like I was staring through a vasaline covered window, just for the record I turn motion blur off, and tried switching off depth of field but the issue persisted. Also despite anti aliasing being cranked right up it felt like the environments off in the distance had some serious jaggies. Again these points are a shame, because sometimes the visuals show huge promise in some areas.And a conclusion:= All in all it's an absolute shame I'm having to write this review, I'm dying to play the game since it seems like the story and gameplay are ace, but with it's current state in performance I'm going to wait until everything is a little more stable. It absolutely shouldn't have been released with these issues, and I'm sure other people, like myself would prefer they'd of held off on the PC version until it was better optimised.And a side note:For all the people claming they're not having any problems - while that may be true, also consider that there are just as many people that are having issues. It would be better for everyone if these issues were not swept under the rug."
76561198124684150,Not Recommended,403640,28626663,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,AirTerror,"I bought this with 33% off on winter sale. Game crashes every single time i try to load my save after the first mission in Dunwall. Completly unplayable.Spec: Asus Ranger VII, 16GB Ram DDR3 1866Mhz, Core i5-4670k @ 4.2GHZ, Gigaybyte GTX 1080 G1 Gaming, Samsung SSD 850EVO.First time i actually asked for a refund on Steam. It's a shame that a game can receive awards while not even playable on PC."
,Recommended,403640,28174889,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Special Agent Scooby,Good. Buy now
76561198004464908,Not Recommended,403640,26636605,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,LordOvelix,"Well, the game works but it runs really bad. 60-80 FPS in one area and 10FPS in the next.Big fail Bethesda. Big Fail."
76561197998652859,Not Recommended,403640,26650401,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,RainbowBrite,The game is fantastic -- but waited over a week already for the Day One patch!
,Not Recommended,403640,26652206,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,GamersInkd,"Man, the first game was so awesome, this one SEEMS awesome, I'll be sure to let you know when I actually play itas I can only get 20-30 fps on my i7 4ghz, 32gb RAM, 980 ti rig on medium settings.  I usually love bethseda products, but they have a horrible track record of terrible PC ports upon release.  Come on guys, this is a AAA game that I paid full price for and preordered months ago (my mistake I know).  Get us a patch so we can enjoy the game please."
76561198140864712,Not Recommended,403640,26522777,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,cortj,"MSI R9 380 4Gbi5 4570 3.2 GHZ16Gb of RamWith those specs I can play 64 player matches on BF1 at a near constant 60FPS with AA on its highest setting and almost everything else on ULTRA. Comparatively, Dishonored 2 stutters like a teenage boy on his first date even when I dump everything down to MEDIUM. I understand that I don't have a high-end system by any means, but it's simply baffling that Dishonored 2 still doesn't run properly on lower settings. On paper, the minimum requirements for this game are incredibly generous. It's clear something else is going on within the game that is causing problems for so many players.At this point, I strongly recommend waiting on picking up Dishonored 2. There's a good game in here somewhere, however it's not ready at the moment to be enjoyed by us framerate snobs. I know it's still technically pre-release, but I expected more when I booted up this game for the first time considering it's a AAA title."
,Not Recommended,403640,26599408,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Chiffer,"Wait a while before purchasing the game!Specs: i7 4790k980Ti SLI (Running Killing floor 2 SLI bits, and Ive tried running single GPU aswell)16GB 1600MHz RAMMy setup can run other AAA titles at high settings in 7680x1440 (triple monitor), but at this game it is impossible to get a stable framerate. Even changing everything to Very Low on 720p doesnt help. I will get 200fps in some areas, but that doesnt help if it stutters.Changing from Very low to ultra doesnt even change the performance that much. I can get 60fps on Ultra, and in similar areas get 60fps on low.The framerates is usually fine, but its the stuttering and the extreme variations in frames that is killing the game for me.At ultra Ive gotten fps from 160 all the way down to 37.I dont even know how thats possible, and Ive never seen a game with so much variation in the performance.Wait for Arkane/Bethesda to release a patch and fix it. For now, it just isnt worth the struggle."
76561197990934562,Not Recommended,403640,26635148,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Jamon_Iberico,"Do not buy this game .. if you have a little as much old pc even if its in the recommendation it will not launch, if you have a good one the frames are poor! Honestly why they launch it? poor software production"
,Not Recommended,403640,26636192,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,amazing_world_of_dunwall,"Preordered the game 2 months ago because i loved dishonored, but this,this is just flat out ♥♥♥♥ed up. My computer could atleast open games with this engine but it crashes after the 2nd loading screen. Haven't seen any fix for this. Don't even risk getting this until this is fixed!**UPDATE**They have added a path (1.2) that fixes most of the problems i listed. But still runs like♥♥♥♥♥♥ WTF"
76561198079725226,Not Recommended,403640,26664237,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,⚑BannerMan⚑,This is so unacceptable it's not even funny.  If you think I'm waiting for another week for you to patch your ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game you are dead wrong.  Seriously Bethesda has produced some buggy games in the past but at least they have been playable.  After the ♥♥♥♥♥how that was fallout 4 i was willing to give them another chance and then they give us this?  ♥♥♥♥ you Bethesda your games aren't even good the only reason people even play Skyrim still is because of the mods that the community makes because they are far more creative than you ever will be.  ♥♥♥♥ Bethesda and ♥♥♥♥ this game.
76561198008229961,Not Recommended,403640,26515850,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,nasserm83,"Should have listened to reddit: No preorders.Performance is♥♥♥♥♥♥even on low settings.Such a shame, really loved the first one.Intel Core i7 950 @3.07 GHz, 3.1GHzGeforce GTX 9608GB ramCan we please stop it with making games for consoles and porting them to PC?"
76561198080677251,Not Recommended,403640,26545954,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Spark170,I was able to load the game properly one time and everything seemed to be working great no other issues. I turned it off and no the game refuses to startup properly. I see the dual face loading screen then nothing. Requested refund.
,Not Recommended,403640,26591609,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Stabby,"What's that? You want an optimized game that'll be worth your hard earned cash? Go buy Dishonored! Just not the second one. This game is so ♥♥♥♥♥♥ in the FPS department, that you'll probably want to hang yourself after the first 15 minutes of the game. EVEN THE CUTSCENES ARE CHOPPY. ♥♥♥♥ this game right in it's♥♥♥♥♥ Don't buy it until they fix that♥♥♥♥♥♥ if they ever do. Or if you own a PC capable of powering NASA's servers, go ahead and buy it! Currently returning."
,Not Recommended,403640,26625806,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,7000 Skeletons,"The frame issues are inexcusable but the game is really fun. I'm torn, but I can't recommend it until there's a patch that fixes the framerate problems. Will change this review to recommend the game when a patch comes out."
,Not Recommended,403640,28548526,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Kramer,"I want to like this game as I loved the first game. After seeing the problems others have been having with the game I waited for updates to fix the problems. The game was on sale for 33% off once again, second time since launch, I desided to give it a try.Unfortunately the game has crashed on me, to desktop, five times or more in the first hour of game play. My machine is very capable, bought just this year and drivers are fully updated. The game crashes and retains control of the sound card. The only way to retreve the use of the sound after it's crash is to completely reboot the machine, each time it crashes..and then watch the three mini intro movies each time and hope the game works this time. Needless to say this isn't convinent to came play. It's December 22nd and they have released three patches.. and it doesn't seem to matter. Maybe I'll try again in a year after they figure out all of the bugs. I'll be asking for a refund."
76561198025149189,Not Recommended,403640,26682984,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,profilename38974,The writing suddenly got really bad. 10/10 graphics
,Not Recommended,403640,26723287,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,GAMMA GAMMA GAMMA GAMMA GAMMA,If it didn't lag/crash constantly despite greatly superceeding the required specs. Not worth your money.
,Not Recommended,403640,26762256,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Phylapse,"Its badly optimised, I would wait ofr a patch or two till the problmes are solved."
,Not Recommended,403640,28285806,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,igagfssgfii,"It's the good old world of Dishonred, with its unque setting, stunning visual design, lots of crawlspaces and highly corrupt but silly guards. I love it. And the soundtrack is pretty good.However, the plot and writing aren't particularly impressive. I've dropped the game for a week mid-playthrough and now I don't even remember what was happening there or why I should care. I kinda hoped D2 would be an improvement over D1 in this regard. Oh well. Some of the NPCs' lines and Emily's high-chaos random comments are truly ridiculous and cheesy. The whole morality/""chaos"" thing still feels artificial and disturbing at times given the choices you have to make and their consequences. Anyway, I weren't looking to play D2 for the story or the acting (but hearing guards declaring their urgent need to pee over and over again can get annoying).Regarding the performance and visual quality, things didn't go well after the release. There are still rampant technical issues. Looks like the latest patch has sacrificed texture and shadow detail, now the shadows are all glitchy, triangular and flickering, and textures pop in visibly when you move closer. Antialiasing produces noticeable artifacts, like banding and flashing pixels. I've noticed numerous holes between meshes, ffs. I still enjoy the game, but these problems do ruin the immersion at times.I'll recommend against buying D2. If you liked D1, you're still going to buy this game anyway (although waiting for a sale is a reasonable option), and if you didn't, the game isn't going to offer much more for you.P.S. Shooting guards with sleep darts causes them to launch into walls or into air with great force for some reason, killing them instantly."
76561198092968386,Not Recommended,403640,28290596,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,username_notavailable,"Have never wrote a review. Gameplay seems like it would be awesome, if the game would run. I made it about an hour in and it crashed and now will not work, extremely disappointed. Do not recommend until they fix these crashing issues. Game will load to main menu with no issues, try to continue and it will crash instantly. I have made two different saves and at the exact same point it will crash."
76561198060486488,Not Recommended,403640,26758782,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Elmntry,"I've played through most of the story with Emily.The story is so beautful and full of possibility, and so completely fractured and torn apart by performance issues, that I feel remorse for Emily and Corso and their needless suffering.I'm not going to rate this game out of 10.  Instead we'll rate it out of 60, 60 being my favorite frame rate.12/60 wait to purchase."
76561198025814186,Not Recommended,403640,26683302,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Blem Supplebutt,"So, after this patch, all I get is a flashing black screen when I try to start up the game. It was running poorly before but at least it was playable. I'd really like to just play the game I spent money on, but I guess that's too much to ask for nowadays. Maybe they'll release the ""Actually play the game"" DLC for $30 soon."
,Not Recommended,403640,27762469,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Zyion,"The game is obviously not ready for release. I got it to work fine for a few days before coming across a huge bug for my ""no kills"" playthrough where an event in the game was causing knocked out enemies to suddenly be marked as killed. After taking a rest for a week from the game in hopes that they would fix the problem, the game no longer even attempts to launch. I've tried everything suggested from online forums and nothing has worked. Not sure what has changed since I started playing the game, but it is currently unplayable. Which is unfortunate because there is a decent game hidden under the horrible technical issues. But I can't in my right mind recommend a game that doesn't even work. I'll probably change my review when they get these changes fixed, but my suggestion to potential buyers is to wait."
76561198336302790,Not Recommended,403640,26666256,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Altius50000,I am honestly kind of disappointed with Dishonored 2. Its fun but has a lot of issues. The PC port is trash. I wouldn't recommend buying this game till it is fixed and patched. Give it at least a month or two!
,Not Recommended,403640,26666921,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Recursive,"I like this game, the story is good and the gameplay is fun. That being said I have a 970 GTX GPU with a i5 CPU and I get about 45 - 60 fps at 1920x1080.. My rig runs battlefield 1 on ultra settings at 1920x1080 at 60FPS... DEVELOPERS PLEASE FIX THE♥♥♥♥♥♥OUT OF THE PERFORMANCE."
76561198011017511,Not Recommended,403640,28174239,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Loaderbot,"Not worth the money.No its not a bad game at all, in fact the brief time I played it before refunding it I enjoyed the story and character progression. There is no issue with the content its self but rather performance.I bought the game when it was on sale and decided to give it a try since they released a patch to fix frame drops and etc.On the 1st mission everythig was running 130-144 fps strong (970 SLI with i7 4790k)On the second mission i noticed what a lot of people were complaining about. Massive fps drops to 44fps to 74.It kind of made the game a bit difficult to enjoy which is sad becuase I actually liked dishonered 2 and dishonered 1.That being said I may purchase the game in the future but only once it has been optimized otherwise I cannot justify the price tag at this moment in time."
76561198327060430,Not Recommended,403640,26595145,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,ApeX,"this is absolutely and utterly UNPLAYABLE, i dont want to be rude but i have waited so long and spent so much money on this game to have so much imput lag and horrible fps"
76561198060319921,Not Recommended,403640,26595267,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,TURN BACK NOW,wow this sucks. can someone explain to me why i turn more when i move my mouse slow but turn less when i move my mouse fast ? is this backwards mouse acceleration ? why is it like this ?
,Recommended,403640,26534412,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Ggdograa,"Dishonored 2 is the sequel to one of the best action stealth games of the last decade.Mixed reviews for PC games generally mean the game isn't well optimized and yes, this game runs like crap. I have a GTX 1080, 16gb DDR4 and an i7 6700k and it still performs poorly, but there is a half decent game underneath all of this.If you enjoyed the first game you'll probably enjoy this. You can play as Corvo, who plays identical to the first game, or Emily, who plays the same just with entirely new abilities.Dishonored 2 seems to favor combat and lethal over stealth and non-lethal and the AI is much smarter than before, making it seem a lot less forgiving on stealth runs. Technical issues aside I would recommend Dishonored once they (hopefully) patch out the shoddy performance issues.Full video review:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zdROBBvRLqc"
,Recommended,403640,28415587,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Nuclear Nibbles,"Although this game suffered from a bad release, which seems to be a trend for this year. Despite this, the game is beautiful and after the patches has been running beautifully on my PC, which is by no means a gigantic monster of a rig.The story is fantastic with tons of options, brilliant routes and new mechanics, and brings back the feeling that the previous game introduced, and enhances on it."
76561198027374663,Not Recommended,403640,28300047,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,GARBAGE DADDY,"The game is fantastic. It is, however, fantastically broken on PC. I managed to play 18 hours with suboptimal framerate, and enjoyed it nonetheless.On the 19th hour it stopped loading my games and quit to desktop with no warning every time. I cannot play the game I paid full price for. It is, in a a word... bullsh*tHopefully a patch will fix this previously nonexistent issue, but until then, avoid this terrible port."
,Not Recommended,403640,28170737,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Leksykon,I used to have respect for Bethesda.
76561198053446861,Not Recommended,403640,27426439,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Smiley Bishop,Refunded. Horrific port. Do not buy. The only thing that stealth kills is this game's framerate and mouse sensitivity issues.I refunded it although I patiently waited for the developers. What a disgrace.
,Recommended,403640,32876960,Posted: 27 June,all,Dutch Dolphin,"Most of you checking reviews are here to see if the game finally - works -.It does!On my AMD 290x, it runs at 2560 with settings at very high, limiting frames at 30. Almost no dips.It's great!As for the game itself, it's fantastic. But you already knew that.Cheers"
,Not Recommended,403640,26563280,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Zipzachary,"can't get past the loading screen, and i have a great gameing computer. DON'T BUY UNTIL IT'S FIXED!!"
,Not Recommended,403640,26610414,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,SaucyOgreShrock,"Well lets start with what the game does right.-  Very detailed, gorgeous, and stylized world.-  Open and truly free sandbox levels.-  Multiple ways to tackle any and i mean ANY situation.-  smooth combat.-  2 characters you can play as (corvo and emily) and emily has a completeley new set of abilities.-  Abilities are extremeley fun.-  Interesting story and characters.-  Highest replay value of any game i've ever played in my entire life.-  Very challenging at times.-  Wonderfully crafted levels.Okay so why has this person given this game a thumbs down with all those points?  Lets discuss what the game gets wrong.-  Any time a moron sneezes the game drops BELOW 30 fps.  I have a GTX 980ti i5 4690k and 16 gigs of ram and the game is almost never at 60 fps in 1080p on high settings.  On average id say that the game gets 45fps but have had it drop to 26 (which was my record low for the game).Verdict:I would give this game a 9.2/10 if it didnt have the issues that it has.  But being as broken as it is I cannot justify giving it anything above a 6/10."
,Not Recommended,403640,26715719,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Bojingles,"This game runs absolutely terribly on my system and it's honestly appalling.  I instantly noticed the 120fps while looking at a wall, then I looked into the city and got 19-30fps, then while in combat 9fps.  What the hell?  This is on a i7-4790 @3.6GHz, 16GB DDR3, and a EVGA GTX1080FTW too!  There's no reason for the terrible performance.  It's so bad I can't even play it."
76561198084978372,Not Recommended,403640,26604453,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,ChulianBiceps,Bought the game feeling exited after playing through D1 multiple times. Sadly this game currently runs like crap and i do not recommed anyone to buy this before it gets patched. i average around 60 fps on D1 with the higets settings. But with D2 im stuck at 30 on low if not worse and the game does not even look better then D1 sadly D:
76561198046580003,Not Recommended,403640,26533819,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Senpai for hire,"OK so seriously looking forward to this game so I took vacation when I preordered it in order to dedicate my time to playing it through and enjoying myself, 2 hours in and I cannot stand it anymore. The textures either look great or terrible and v-sync seems to be acting funny when turned on, I'm running on medium settings and only getting 15-20 fps when it recommended me to ultra setting when it detected my hardware. I'm also having the problems with nausea when doing fast turns and blinking as everything blurs and tears on the screenIf these problems were not bad enough on thier own, I came back a few hours later wanting to fiddle around with the settings to see if I could get it into somewhat of a workable order.... and the goddamn game wont open, after the initial loading my screen starts flashing black and gray and will not stop and will not function past that point, I CANT EVEN PLAY THE GAMEnow some people are saying not to worry and that it will be patched soon enough, but that doesnt mean jack. this game should not have been released in the state that it was in AT ALL we should not be allowed to buy a game like this, I thought we learned from batman arkham knight guys but no I trusted bethesdas name a bit too much and now im out 60 bucksA round of applause for whoever decided that this game was in a state that was even considered releasable. you really got mebut in all seriousness DO NOT BUY THIS GAME. Not until you have good confirmation that your system can run this as EVERYONE seems to be having problems.A pox on bethesda and Arkane for this disaster of a port"
,Not Recommended,403640,26532986,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Game Daddy,Heres my rigintel i7 3.42 GTX980Tis (with a gtx 950 for physx)64 gigs of corsair vengence rama intel ssd main drive and a 6tb WD black drive for gamesI should be able to crank everything to the max and not even break a sweat but maintaining a stable frame rate with this game is harder than gettnig trump to admit hes wrong. The controls stink and the mouse lag is aweful. Its one of the most  poorly optimized POS ive ever seen.I wish i could tell you more about the game play but i just cant play the game in its current state. what i can tell you is that the voice acting in this game is some place between RE1 and obscure.At the very least wait for the game to be patched and fixed.
,Recommended,403640,27997817,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,[iXBT]Satrapper,"Now I know who made original Deus Ex into what it is. Arguably Thief too.Shine on, Harvey Smith, you crazy diamond."
76561197970664973,Not Recommended,403640,28545120,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,oiled.midget,"I had some hope for this game; and because I have such great memories of the original Dishonored I felt I should really give it some slack - like, I tried to play when it just shipped, then waiting for the patch, tried again, and so on.Ok, I think three attempts are enough for this failed console port. At the end of the day the narrative (which I only partially experienced), awesome setting and interesting artwork can only take you so far - because technically this game is trash.I have what basically is  best pc/components the money can buy and I can run just about anything out there but not this turd. I can't get a smooth movement/panning even on bloody low/medium settings at 1440p, and that's with a Titan X! In a first-person game where it's all about smooth movement, stealth and  fighting this is not at all acceptable.Many of the gameplay decisions bug me as well. For example, game basically punishes player for killing enemies. I find it extremely bizarre design choice considering the story, the setting and the fact that the game is full of sharp and shooty things that kill.Anyway, here's a list of specific complaints:- extremely poor engine performance- visually very so-so- unexciting gameplay and combat- weird/uncomfortable mouse panning- ridiculous load times at the initial screen, followed by unskippable branding videos- poor NPC AI- poor 3D sound positioning- poor, fussy UI designI could go on but I am starting to feel slightly nauseous even thinking about this game. Its bad parts outweigh whatever good is in this game by such a large margin that I cannot recommend PC version of Dishonored 2 to anyone. I feel I had been cheated by Bethesda/Arcane."
,Not Recommended,403640,28261981,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Kylar182,"Can't recomend yet though I want too. Still a lot of Glitches remaining to include (but not limited too) VRAM leak (I have Quad Titan X's and use 11Gb per card) Ram Leak (Using progressivly above 18Gb) and other miscelanious in game glitches, will update review after next patch."
76561197990766081,Recommended,403640,28522884,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Grendel,"If you like dishonered there is more of the same here.  I am enjoying the game, although there are some over used things like notes with 3 digit safe combos, etc....some of these things are nice though like the audiographs and the ever present voice of the heart you hold in your off hand.  The game is a good combination of stealth, magic, and action.  It allows you to choose how to take out the many guards (and civilians if you like) that bustle about and converse with one another.  The setting is very unique and one of the major draws in my opinion.  Like the first dishonered, you have the kind of gloomy orwellian industrial whale oil society.  I don't regret paying full price for the game and it's been out long enough that it will probably go on sale soon so, thumbs up from me."
,Not Recommended,403640,26553158,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,[!?] Barndo,I have minimum specs and the game likes to dip below 15 fps even on low settings. Unoptimised Game. Get your♥♥♥♥♥♥together bugthesda.
,Not Recommended,403640,32786166,Posted: 25 June,all,Valtias,"As much i'd love to recommend Dishonored 2, i can't.I loved the original Dishonored. An OK story, cool gameplay mechanics, replay value, a bit short but still worth the 10€ i spent on it.Dishonored 2 had the same feel as the first game, except in this game you get to choose between two playable characters which adds to the replay value, but the campaign is too short.. I thought the first game was a bit too short, but considering this one costs 30€ more than the original, i just can't recommend it.An amazing but short game. Grab it if it's on sale."
76561197988510453,Not Recommended,403640,26601410,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Sheep Lord,"I haven't finished the game yet, but I am going to.  From what I've played, it is not as good as the first one.  Everything about it is a huge step down.  The story is not as interesting and is very poorly delivered.  All of the characters say their lines like they don't know the context.  Even the main character mispronounces a lot of things like the names of locations.  The maps are less intuitively designed and I feel like I'm bumbling down a linear path rather than sneaking through a series of branching paths like in the fist game.  The number of runes required to unlock some of Emily's abilities seems unbalanced, with powerful abilities being cheap and weak ones costing more than twice as much.  Also, runes and bone charms are absolutely everywhere.  Like three things in every friggin building.  This is totally immersion breaking and not in line with the lore of the game.  Again, I'm going to finish the game, and maybe I'll enjoy it, but it is far from being as good as the first one.EDIT:I put the game down for a while, came back to it, and decided not to finish it.  In fact, I didn't even get as far in as I did the first time.  The technical problems have only gotten worse somehow.  Before starting the game I was using 4.9GB of RAM, while the game was running I was using 11GB.  That is absolutely laughable.  And even after closing the game I'm still using 6GB.  I have no idea how RAM usage works, but there is clearly some enormous mistake being made here.  The game runs at a fine framerate (I'm using a 770), but the memory leaks are terrible.Something I didn't mention in my original review is that every single guard has superhuman eyesight, even on the easiest difficulty.  You can be sneaking, in the dark, 40 feet away from a guard, and he'll still see you.  And unlike the last game, if a guard sees you at all, even a glimpse, he'll start looking for you.  I would be okay with this if the guards looked like top-tier security guards, not the same old ""whisky and cigars"" obsessed guards from the last game.This is nothing but a step down from the last game.  Performance issues, boring level design, honestly horrible voice acting, even worse story pacing that the first game, and every guard has superhuman eyesight."
,Not Recommended,403640,26752890,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Weemars,Horribly optimized couldnt run on low or medium with a 970 without constant stutters.
76561198029162607,Not Recommended,403640,26709153,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Lord Melon,"Massive fan of the first game and was super excited to play Dishnoured 2. Unfortunately frame rate issues make this game pretty much impossible to enjoy let alone play.Wait until the patch or better yet, buy it on a console.."
76561198001991041,Not Recommended,403640,26613624,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Wasuremono,"Terrible port for an otherwise great game.Anyway it's possible to fix it manually for nvidia users:1. Prerendered frames = 1 (nvidia control panel)2. Virtual prerendered frames = 2 (nvidia control panel)3. Download Process Lasso and add Dishonored 2 as a gaming process, set priority to norm/high and turn on forced mode to reapply it ( since process itself tends to reverse itself to low)4.???5. ProfitWorks like a charm for a middle ages laptop of mine."
,Not Recommended,403640,26565254,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Sir Fuckitude,"The advertised videos and pictures you see here are fake. The game doesn't have anything near that quality when played on Ultra and 4k. PC price, console graphics.  Like anything with a bethesda logo it won't SLI on launch, if ever. Game wouldn't start (easy fix).  Fun gameplay, great layouts, cartoonish characters (if you are into that). Low FPS with dual GTX 1080's to render simplistic models.Now the game started crashing every few minutes.I recommend buying this game when it hits 50% off, it should be fixed by then or as fixed as it will ever get."
,Recommended,403640,34977686,Posted: 15 September,all,★ Cynquilla ★,"Gameplay and controls are VERY fluid for a Bethesda game. Love having the climbing ability for one thing. The runes and charms you get are amazing and make me feel very powerful. The story is excellent and discovering new secrets is very accomplishing. I give this game a 10/10. I mean, being able to choose between Corvo and Emily is also a very major awesome plus!"
,Not Recommended,403640,26687643,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Neplohaia Popitka,"Nice Phenom support, such SSE4.1. Looking forward for the patch.  At least i hope you'll make it."
,Recommended,403640,28586285,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,AutoBans,"A pretty cool game with well combat system. But sadly this game is too short, and the price shouldn't be so high for only a 8 hour campaign. I would recommand people purchase this on sale, set to lowest graphic setting still gets only 40 fps. I wanted to give a thumbdown for this game, but I really enjoyed it even it has many flaws. So 10/10 would waste money and enjoy it again."
76561198000572532,Not Recommended,403640,26540708,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Richard Sleeve,"Hate to say it, but the game is as broken and unoptimised as everyone says it is. I'm running a 980m 4GB VRAM, 16GB RAM, core i7 5700HQ and this is what I'm getting. Random stretches of 60FPS in uncomplicated scenes like inside rooms and short view distance scenes. Then I see it pretty much set in the 30s with drops into the high 20s. That's on ultra at 1080p. I have yet to run any other game on here that doesn't run on ultra 60-75FPS. GTA 5, Dark Souls 3, Battlefield 1, Fallout 4, you name it, no problem.I have followed Bethesda's FAQ on the matter and every other source I have found. I have changed mouse smoothing to 0, I have turned TXAA on and off, HBAO+, adaptive resolution, etc. I rolled back my drivers to the ones that people recommended for nVidia: 373.06. Nope. In my most recent test, I tested all settings on ultra, everything on. Then I went to medium with FXAA high, HBAO+ off, all additional effects like god rays off with scaling at both 50% and 100%. None of it made any difference. I got the same in the 30s range with dips into the 20s no matter what I set.As for the trick with changing priority from its default of LOW, it doesn't help. You have to alt-tab out (something Bethesda recommends against anyway) and change it in the task manager. When you get back in, nothing has changed. If you alt-tab out again, it's back at LOW. This is Arkham Knight all over again. Too bad.I'm already at a little over 90 hours of play time, and literally all of that has been spent trying to dial in settings. Now I'm basically going to sit on it a few days, and if I don't see a magical patch in the next few days, I'm returning it and getting it on PS4."
76561198034465298,Not Recommended,403640,28132910,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,xdrizzitx,It doesn't run on either of my gmaing pc's what a wonderful waste of hope and money...
,Not Recommended,403640,31618128,Posted: 7 May,all,A dragon,"I want to be able to recommend this game, I really do. I have been playing it for a few hours and I am already enjoying this more than the original. Non-lethal gameplay is far more fleshed out and more fun to play in this release, enabling almost every 'knock-out' method that I felt was missing from Dishonored.One problem. I cannot play. No matter my efforts, no matter what help I look for, there is no fix for the crashes that I, and swathes of other players, are experiencing. Forget day one patch, it has been months and these issues still persist. As if that wasn't enough, I am playing on a PC that exceeds the recommended and smashes the minimum specs. What could be going wrong?The best I have been able to get is an hour or so of continuous playtime, and usually I simply become tired of it and stop for a while. Occasionally I will not play for weeks at a time. Few things annoy me more than replaying lost progress in games."
,Not Recommended,403640,26607105,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Pfc. Quick [70th ID],"Everyone should refund this game on principle until Bethesda releases the potentially-several patches necessary to make Dishonored 2 a day-1 worthy purchase.Finally, once Bethesda has learned a valuable lesson and released *satisfactory* patches, everyone should update their negative reviews to properly reflect an appropriate review score."
,Not Recommended,403640,26517051,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Neighbour,"Garbage optimization, don't buy untill they fix this♥♥♥♥♥♥ Propably working as a console emulator or some♥♥♥♥♥♥ port is nowhere to be seen. Visual bugs all over the place as well; corners of rooms showing outside of map which shows as white light, shadow and other lighting bugs, fps fluctuates from 140 to 49 on a decent rig and I haven't even got to outside of the very starting sequence of the game.Bethesda pls"
76561198179833962,Recommended,403640,32861559,Posted: 27 June,all,rsmith4013,"I by no means have the most expensive rig in the world, I have an I5 and only 8g of ram, but i have a 1080 ti...the game plays like absolute butter at 1080p (100+FPS). I havent run into a single bug or crash. I would have to assume most of the people complaining are just running cards that arent up to par with the game, i mean its that simple. A gtx 970, albeit still a viable card, is not going to run this game at max settings and 60fps in any resolution. And Radeon users, well your just Radeon users sorry"
,Not Recommended,403640,31025913,Posted: 8 April,all,Kikki,"Not too good. The performance issues from 2016 haven't been fixed at all.Story however seems nice, I haven't been able to take a deeper look into that yet.I need better GPU, planning on buying 1070 just to be able to play this."
76561198202631477,Not Recommended,403640,26532111,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,purpalo,buy this game if you have a really good pc they aren't going to fix the fps drop they said its our problem
,Recommended,403640,28800266,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Havoc RPG,"Pros:I personally didn't have any technical issues I think by the time I purchased the game they had already fixed problems that people were having with the game.You can now be confrontational and low chaos (Nonlethal Assault)They added rune and bonecharm craftingThe additional perks to Corvo's abilities are somewhat satisfyingEven more unlockable blueprintsKarnaca is very well distinguishable from Dunwall and it fits pefectly in the world of DishonoredThe black market shops.The new pests.The story is very interesting, breaking up yet another conspiracy to reclaim the throne.Enemy variations (I was surprised to see a female guard model)You can play as Emily or Corvo and there powers are pretty distinct but built around the same idea (Ex: Far Reach and Blink)Clockwerk soldiers are pretty cool and somewhat formidableTheres a New Game+ after you bear it the first time so thats pretty cool but I haven't tried it yet.Cons:They changed the Outsider's voice and it was for the worse. That bugged me a lot.The resolution feels rushed and somewhat unsatisfying. (first playthrough Corvo-Low Chaos-Nonlethal Assault-Hard)"
,Not Recommended,403640,31303333,Posted: 22 April,all,TheOnlyFury,"It breaks my heart to give this game a thumbs down. If you can - purchase D2 on console. This game runs beautifully on the PS4, from my experience. TXAA is known to cause blurryness in games, but it looks horrendous in this game. All other available antiailiasing methods look phenomenal up close, but at far render distances they seem to have no effect. Everything up close will look like a beautiful painting, but large distances will look jagged and broken.Everything about D2 was phenomenal on console, but its rendering methods on PC are sadly very poor."
76561198077183019,Recommended,403640,28891104,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,WAB | Jellybeans,FX 6300 ---  GTX 1060 3GB --- 12 GB RAMVERY HIGH SETTINGSNo stutter.. everything running smoothly.The story is great and the art is superb. Lovin it10/10
76561198056591778,Recommended,403640,28733523,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,The Kiwi,"It's been a long time since I played the first Dishonored, but I can easily say this sequel has unofficially coined the term: ""creative stealth sandbox shooter"". And is a huge step-up from the previous game.Level design and general atmosphere is flawless.Little sad it didn't keep the iconic soundtrack of the first game, but it is still great.Never seen a more intelligent gameworld in a game that is also player-friendly and damn good looking.I can't say anything about the gameplay. Because what the Dishonored franchise will always be renowned for is how the game can be played in so many different ways. And not just the two-sided ""friendly or deadly"" RPGs typically have, but greatly more than that, even if the campaign only portrays Low or High Chaos results.Simple mechanics but countless combinations and freedom to explore to your own efforts and still be rewarded.Even more enhanced by the choice of two playable characters each with unique abilities.Combined with the later 'New Game+' patch, Dishonored 2 has far more replayability than its prequel. 9/10"
,Recommended,403640,28775634,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Omega,"Quick point: Wait for sale, gauge your interest in this style of a game.Review: Dishonored 2 in my opinion is the closest thing we'll ever get to a Thief 4. While most people will shout negatives at this game on steam for performance. The only negative I have with the game is that it's not ""Thief"" enough. The sound design is not as good as the Thief series and that is integral to a First Person Stealth Sim like Dishonored wants to be. The fact that sound does not matter until 'Very Hard' and even then it's not really a true mechanic is quite puzzeling to me. The only other negative I have is that I cannot retract Corvo's blade and use it as an equivalent to the Black Jack from Thief. I am fine with choking people out but the fact that it's almost my only option to knock people out is kinda lame IMO.Before I move forward with my review I would like to say that if they make a Dishonored 3 PLEASE give us that choice. I think it would be cool to be in situations where some guards have metal helmets, so that, I have no other choice BUT to choke them out. Then a lot of guards would be wearing hats or nothing at all and I could just run up to them and bop them on the head. It would be so much more interesting to me from a gameplay perspective.Then If they also made sound matter imagine having to worry about being on Marble, Stone, Metal, and anything that makes a lot of noise. Those are the gameplay elements of Thief that I loved to death. Jumping down from above onto my Moss Arrow patch and then smacking a guard on the head. It was seamless gameplay, no context sensitive BS.Anyways, sorry for that loooong tangent but it had to be said. Overall I DO LOVE this game a lot. It and DOOM are my favorite games of the entire year. The performance issues on my end have been completely ironed out. Plus, I bought it on sale so not having to pay that full sixty was definitely a plus. The game definitely captures MOST of Thief's style. It's like 80% there. Stephen Russell voicing Corvo alone is literally enough to bump that up to 85% if I'm being totally honest. Just like Thief and Garrett of the past Corvo will comment on things around him and make witty quips. The dialogue is pretty damn good so far and I would say it's pretty on par with Thief. This game was my dream come true in a nutshell. I totally say give it a shot if you loved Thief."
,Recommended,403640,28776263,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,protectereli,"This game is honestly so god damn fun, I can't help but recomend it, but the controversy regarding the performance is very justified.  I played it on a 670, a card that ran the witcher 3 on high/medium settings with a solid 60 fps.  This games FPS was all over the place for me, I would be sitting at 60 fps then look 2 inches to the left and have it plummet down to 12-15.  I bought a 1070 after and the game ran pretty much perfect.  If you have a 1060 or better you will be fine but if you are running older hardware I would probably hold off on getting this."
76561198048825082,Recommended,403640,28850474,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Paradoxion,"Great improvement of the last one, ran fine on my GTX980 TI."
76561197991223271,Recommended,403640,33008929,Posted: 29 June,all,=peerpub=,"Dishonored 2 is awesome and loads of fun. It’s a shame that Bethesda shot themselves in the foot and released the game before it was ready and loaded with bugs. As a player, I didn’t have to experience the frustration of dealing with an unplayable game because I didn’t get it when it was first released. I just purchased this game on June 26, 2017 when it was apart of the Steam Summer Sale for 20 dollars.Upon starting the game, I was concerned if I would be able to play it. After playing it for several hours, I haven’t experienced any bugs or performance issues. So, it appears those problems were patched. This game would have been highly received if not for the initial problems. As is, in my opinion, Dishonored 2 deserves at least a 9.3 out of 10.That beings said, I loved the first Dishonored game and love this one as well. They are actually a few of my favorite of all time games."
76561198043627942,Recommended,403640,33206055,Posted: 3 July,all,Nub-spotting Nub,"Dishonoured 2 is a reasonably deep game with the same brilliant and free flowing fighting mechanics from the first game, its a good successor.The story material is good, I thought, with some actions which I think do affect your play throughout:  from your killing habits to your actual actions in dialogue.The skills required for the stealth and beserker roles do matter and I found it quite hard to upgrade half of my skills on my first playthrough, this isn't made easy like it's Saints Row.The game has not watered down any of it's orignal components, thankfully! Levels are designed with multiple routes and areas are worth exploring. Items collected range-from simple loot, to collectables, to actual upgrades that can upgrade your character. What reduced my oppinon of the new Deus Ex(Mankind divided) has not done so with Dishonoured 2.Alot of it seems very polished, if not over-polished, with visuals in the world looking very pretty and the musical and audio bits being very good. I hear some people have had difficulty with performnace, I have had no such issues.A really solid and good game which maintains the integrity of the original and extends with worth while content. There is not alot to complain about with it.It's worth comparing with the new Doom actually, where Doom is addictive mindless violence - mostly, Dishonoured can be far more ponderous and elegant."
76561197991173463,Recommended,403640,28747779,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,PriesT,"(First of all, game ran flawless all the way through, not a single crash, no stuttering, and only very few FPS drops (i5 2500K/GTX780/2560x1440p)As a die-hard fan of the Dishonered universe, i'm just relieved that this sequel turned out as good as it did!+ Top tier stealth game+ Great story+ Visuals and art direction+ Exploration elements+ Tons of creativity involved in level designEmily's playthrough took me 40+ hours, and I still have Corvo left. Fully recommended!"
,Recommended,403640,33053917,Posted: 30 June,all,[TOP] BURNING4C3,"This game is as amazing as its predecessor. You can play as Emily or Corvo, both with different styles (Emily is more stealth while Corvo is more combat) which makes this game very good for people who are not the stealth type. Emily has different powers than Corvo which keeps everything new and fresh.The environment, atmosphere and ambiance have the typical ""Dishonored"" feel: sealed houses, industrial buildings, everything is typical 19th century and there is much more to it. It is noticable that this indeed is set 15 years later after the first game: there are references to the past, enemies are more modern yet still some old weaponry like the Wall of Light are still present and contribute greatly to the ""Dishonored"" feel.This game is definetly one of the best I have played and is a must-have!!"
,Not Recommended,403640,26518828,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,poh tay toe,"i5 4690 +750 ti + 8gb RAM = min settings + 720 p + <30 fpsGJ BethesdaP.S. Don't buy, wait for patches if there are going to be any"
76561198213576947,Recommended,403640,33175473,Posted: 3 July,all,verboten999,"I am relieved that my experience with this game is one on the positive side, since many people encountered so many issues with their copy of their game. Granted I only played for a couple of hours, but no crashing, or stuttering so far (i7-6700k stock, 16 GB RAM, GTX 970).To me, Dishonored was (and is) one of the great games I ever played. I do not generally like playing games from a first person perspective, but Dishonored was one of the exceptions. Dishonored 2, fortunately delivers what I experienced in the first Dishonored, and even more. I can't say that this game is harder than the first, but there are certainly some aspects that I have to get used to, especially since I'm playing as Emily this time around. Personally, I love this game, and so far it just keeps me engaged and intrigued."
76561198082290575,Recommended,403640,33167856,Posted: 2 July,all,krimsalt_,"Finished my first playthrough, taking 27 hours on low chaos, as I took my time and enjoyed the scenery and the world. It's some of the best level design I've seen in a game. Every nook and cranny is filled with detail and there isn't an item placed that doesn't seem like there is a purpose. The city of Karnaca truly feels lived in. I don't know how to explain it, but you can see the history of this city with just the level design alone.Graphics are good, sound is good, and mechanics are good. There are the occasional texture poppins, and I did get stuck in a hole you can normally crawl through (though blink/far reach can still pull you through).I ran the game on Ultra settings. My card is a GTX1060 3 gb VRAM, 16 gb memory and an i7 6700HQ at 2.6 Ghz. I know that a lot of people with better specs than I have complained about framerate issues - my advice is kill all background processes and update your drivers. This game is a resource hog so having internet or other backlground processes have a noticeable impact on the game's performanceTruly a worthy sequel. I'm definitely picking up Death of The Outsider when it comes out and I hope for a 3rd installment in the future"
76561198209640733,Not Recommended,403640,28805771,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Technoir,"Just finished the game 12 hour playthrough , I had no system issues what so ever ran very smooth at ultra settings on 1440p - 4790k 16gig and a GTX1080.  So no issues there like so many others.However the game its self in my opinion was medicore, I dont know if this was due to the fact that I had not played the first game but the storyline didnt grab me at all and by midway through I was starting to skip cut scenes just to plough through to the end.The character progression and leveling is weak to say the least , i gave up on that halfway through and just stuck with what I have , it feels very unrewarding and the whole crafting of runes / bone things etc just didnt do it for me at all.There were some nice touches in some missions and I enjoyed the alternative ways to assasinate targets, the graphics were decent but thats about where it ends.  Ive been craving a good deep story rich game for ages without wanting to play titles from years ago but this just didnt live up to my expectations.  Id be totally gutted if I had paid full price and not purchased in the sale as at 25 quid its just about worth a shot.Thanks"
,Not Recommended,403640,26515434,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Garenator,"It really seems like there is a great game in here.It's just so unoptimized you can't enjoy it. Even on a GTX 980/i7 4790 I can't get stable framerates on lowest settings.Bethesda/Arcane should be ashamed of this port. None of the ""fixes"" people have found work for me. Changing the CPU priority is a temporary fix because the game sets itself back to ""low"", I already have prerendered frames set to ""1"" and have massive input lag.If Arkane can un-f*ck this game I will change the review, for now I wish I could give it two thumbs down. Really frustrating because, as I said, it's obvious there is a fantastic game in here, I just can't play it :'(E: So we've had two patches now (1.1 and 1.2). On the one hand, they did crank out the patches pretty fast. On the other hand, the game still sufferes from poor performance. While I can play it, having to use medium settings on a 980 and still get performance issues is pretty bad.But it does look like Arkane is trying to fix the issue. Ideally they should have done this BEFORE they sold their game to customers, but that ship has sailed.Still can't fully recommend the game though, while now playable it still has really bad performance.E2: Patch 1.3 is available in beta today. Performance is better, but with my rig (GTX 980/i7 4790) I should not have to run the game on medium settings."
,Not Recommended,403640,26524705,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Volk,"From the 4 hours that I've played I can say it's the sequel everyone's been waiting for. Sadly, I can't give it a positive rating as of yet, it's all over the internet by now but the game is pretty poorly optimized. (I say as someone who tried playing with the recommended settings and with a GTX980Ti.)Hopefully these issues will be adressed as soon as possible and everyone will be able to play this truly fantastic game.Edit: The 2 beta patches seemed to fix it for me, playing with everything maxed out and only got a little drop in FPS at a large area in game, hopefully the official patch will fix everything fully."
76561197972455217,Not Recommended,403640,26517867,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Dirtee,"Again anything Bethesda touches always releases broke. Seems to be a standard now. I'm tired of hearing steam discussions always say, ""Its day 1 release,♥♥♥♥♥♥happens"" Triple A release, made by a Billion dollar gaming company... Who the feck is beta testing these games? This should not have been released with this heavy FPS drop. How the feck do you miss that while beta testing it? Sad when a Indie company can put out a nice title and it releases with no issues. Just saying.Until they fix the massive FPS drop, i woul dsay buyer beware. It needs a patch desperatly. From what i played so far being 80 minutes, it looks like a really good game. Granted i did not get to far into the storyline. But from what i did play so far, looked good."
,Not Recommended,403640,26572492,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,fReaZKq,I don't hate on graphics that much but seriously this kinda looks like dishonored one and they re used alot of animations and sounds from dishonored one it seem like they were just a bit lazy. The combat is clunky. The story was alright i didn't care for it much i wish they had a better story to be honest. I am glad that they improved the AI. 6/10 Bethesda i expected better. Also i never got that many fps drops what so ever.
76561198010755414,Not Recommended,403640,26518714,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Prime,Unoptimized. Very disappointed. Do not buy until this is patched and corrected.1440p and 1080p tried with Med through Ultra settings. All settings have frame stuttering.375.70 driver4790k at 4.4gtx 108016g ramwin 7 - 64 bitwill update review once corrected. looks to be a fantastic game
,Not Recommended,403640,26517306,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,hellgod,Right now its a really bad port. Untill something changes i will have to give it a downvote its playable but could be alot better.
,Not Recommended,403640,26518671,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Now_U_R_Dead_XD,"this game is absolutly atroshious i have been waiting for this game for a long time now its finally hear and i install this 32gb game and it just stutters and flickers a black screen  at 5 fps  and when it sits there for two hours it finnaly gets to main menu at main menu i get 1 fps its so non responsive you cant tell where you mouse is going to end up when you move it finally hit start tutorial and it goes back to black flickering screen and sound stuttering like my pc is from 1995... i honestly dont know how the ♥♥♥♥ this♥♥♥♥♥♥works on consoles any ideas ? cause it runs like like a grandma taking 10 hour crap while your waiting to use the bathroom and your bladder is about to explode and you have to say screw this and go drive 7 hours into town just to find outl they have no ♥♥♥♥ing bathrooms to♥♥♥♥♥♥in so you finally go and return this game cause it is a peice of♥♥♥♥♥♥that dont run a loading screen after 7 hours of loading ....  intel i7 4790k quad core with hyperthreading 4.4Ghz stable oc,    16 GB 2400mhz corsair vengence pro ram, Nvida GTX 970  i would not reccomend this to you ever till this is fixed or well i would say made how a game you pay 60 to 80 bucks for and it actually works like a 60 dollar product at this point its a scam to take your money and make a quick buck off the preorder fans dont do it till this repair this utter giant hot steaming mess your grandma left on the floor after she finger painting with her poop all over your walls and now all your left with is♥♥♥♥♥♥you cant use or fix!..."
,Not Recommended,403640,26524721,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Detective Babylegs,Wait until the game is patched.
,Not Recommended,403640,26525612,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,IronNerd,Wait until they optimize it better.  I'll be returning the game if they don't release some serious optimization patches this week.
,Not Recommended,403640,26526450,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Chogge,"It's a beautiful game, really it looks amazing but that makes little diffrence when you get to Karnaca, where nearly all the story in the game takes place and the fps drops to about 30.The akwardness of Emilies tp and the mouse stutter was almost killing it for me then the fps drop came and put a nail in this games coffin. If the game is patched to a release worthy state, I will buy it again out of respect for it's predecessor."
76561197980678947,Not Recommended,403640,26531445,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,HollowVortex,"At one point people were payed to games. Now the game is pushed upon the consumer with expectations they will pay for the privilege to test the game.-input lag-arbitrary mouse acceleration.-general performance isssuesPerformance issues on my GTX 970.  Let that sink in folks, the GTX 970 is the MOST COMMON VIDEO CARD amongst steam users. People with 1080s also having performance issues.my specs-i5 4690k-gtx 970-16GB ramI am so glad that I bought this game on steam, so that I can promptly return this pile of garbage."
,Not Recommended,403640,27330667,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,fuwafoowa,"The game runs appallingly even after the patches. My biggest problem is the audio. There are numerous threads talking about audio stuttering/freezing and I don't recall this problem before the patches. Pull yourself together Arkane Studios.Notes:- Better graphics (but definitely not good enough to warrant these technical issues.)- Unnecessary ""Denuvo Anti-Tamper"" DRM. (It's a singleplayer game with no co-op. Not only is this anti-consumer it also destroys the modding community before it was even born.)- Missions are hit or miss.- Level design is hit or miss.- Non-existent quality of life. (There are several UI components that force you to press enter rather than any key. Like crafting and loading screens. I could go on forever about this section but probably the most annoying is the quick-wheel. You basically have to move your entire mouse across the screen to select something rather than the first game where you could move the mouse 1 inch.)- Non-existent playtesting. (There are bugs that have made me have to restart entire missions.)- Options are weirdly inconsistent. (e.g. You can toggle shadows for rats specifically but there is no option to toggle motion blur.)- Removed ""Relative Chain Climbing"" option from the first game. (This allowed you to look down while moving up a chain and vice versa. Now you're forced to look the way you're climbing.)- When you reach the bottom of chains the climbing sound doesn't stop.- Long distance detection feels off. Sometimes objects you hide behind aren't objects to the AI.- Peeking is useless. From ""Very Hard"" to ""Medium"" (all the difficulties i've played on) it makes no difference than just looking around a corner.- The peeking system sucks. (You press ""e"" to peek right and then ""q"" to straighten up AND then ""q"" again to peek left.)- Corvo's voice is miscasted. (Subjective.)- The Outsider's voice is miscasted and worse than the old voice actor. (Subjective.)- Suprisingly, the writing is outstanding.- You get one of the coolest gadgets in the game and then never use it again.- There is a lot i'm leaving out to avoid a wall of text. Basically I think this is an incredibly rushed game and the last hour is so, so, so rushed that I don't know how someone can complete the game and disagree with me.After finishing the game I was speechless in my disappointment.tl;dr:I'm in the minority of people who actually don't like the game. Not just the performance, the game itself."
76561198093911712,Not Recommended,403640,27838656,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Solmyr,"Game runs very poorly on my high end rig. And its not that good looking to begin with.Don't know about the gameplay, but technically this game is a mess."
76561198025490810,Not Recommended,403640,28213339,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Mr. Andrew Sotry,"I was incredibly excited for this game. Dishonored is one of my favorite video game titles ever. I'd LIKE to write a review based on the gameplay and story of this game. But I can't. The performance is too terrible for me to know. I can barely tell what's going on, the graphics setting I'm forced to play at is awful, and the dialogue cuts out so frequently that I don't know what's going on in the cutscenes. If this isn't patched sufficiently in a week, I'm getting a refund. I expected better of Arkane, but it looks like this is Fallout 4 all over again.If I ever try to pre-order a game again, somebody stop me."
76561198029670112,Not Recommended,403640,27398233,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Reddmann_[FoE],"Don't buy this game it crashes right at the game company logo (Void Logo). The game will crash there every time no matter what you do. There are no fixes for it either. I heard a rumor that they have no intention to fix this especially for PC gamers, they annouced they will not support PC gamers this time around. Save your money for a game that works. If you have the game get your refund, buy something else, anything after 2 hours of game play they will not refund your money, but, I didn't get past 2 minutes."
,Not Recommended,403640,27381811,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,pez,"This game might be really good but it's not playable for me with the current performance issues. I have 2x overclocked 6GB 980Tis, an overclocked Intel 6600K, 16GB of overclocked 3200MHz DDR4, and the game is installed on an M.2 SSD. I eke out barely 40 frames at 4K with all lowest settings. And it's not a smooth 40 frames; mouse looking is somehow jittery and ""not quite right."" Serious frame rate drops when there are lots of NPCs nearby or when there are particle effects like sparks.I have the latest drivers..."
76561198068984337,Not Recommended,403640,27944135,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,bond4real007,What can I say about Dishonored 2 other than what other have said time and time again. Fantastic game I so desperately want to love but cannot due to the performance that is a joke. I am not the pickiest when it comes to frame rate or running my game on ultra like many pc elitists even though i run a fairly powerful machine. I mean I even played Mafia 3 during its performance issues pre-patch and this game makes that look flawless. My point being even if you're someone who doesn't mind sacrificing performance for the sake of fun will not be able to do so with this game because it becomes a unplayable mess even after the patch. Bethesda shame on you and your review policy its not for the consumer its for you to hide flaws like this in games at launch and make us unaware.
76561197992528771,Not Recommended,403640,28216052,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Chryan,"I really want to play this game, but not at the average 15-20 fps I'm getting."
,Not Recommended,403640,26520565,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Mantrum,Unbearable optimization and input lag (GTX 980). Don't buy.
,Not Recommended,403640,26529895,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,George Joestar II,"It pains me to write this considering how much I loved Dishonored 1, but at this point this game is nearly unplayable with the current optimization."
76561198141496921,Not Recommended,403640,26555754,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,suzannegarner1,Really disapointed. I have about 60 minutes clocked on this game and I have yet to see the start menu.
,Not Recommended,403640,26580150,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,DemiPro,"Seems like a genuinly good game, but at certain points the framerate drops to 10fps on the lowest settings.Wait until they patch it, I'll update my review when they do."
,Not Recommended,403640,26603102,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Zeitt,Story seems to cover well enough graphics and performance issues but unfortunatelybad dialoguelowers entire story too much. Everyone should wait until this game is on sale and has gotten basic patches to issues.
76561198067086199,Not Recommended,403640,26703478,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Diyos,"It's a good game but the pc port is♥♥♥♥♥♥with performance issues not to mention the motion blur when you look around. It's not that noticeable normally, but when your a loot ♥♥♥♥♥ like I am that looks in every nook and cranny while keeping my head on a swivel trying to avoid guards though, it make me want to vomit every 2 minutes with no option to get rid of it. Out of all the first person games I've played this one is the first game that gave me motion sickness. I would wait till they fix the issues."
,Not Recommended,403640,26515971,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,RevolutionXtreme,"Next level mouse lag and stuttering right here. Don't touch till patched. I'm using a gtx770 OC-ed and the game runs fine in CERTAIN places while being a complete useless piece of slow fps ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t in open areas.NOTE: The game runs at 60fps on max settings if I am indoors, etc. This only worked once i played in fullscreen mode and not borderless. Game lags like hell in borderless. Stuttering still present in open areas."
76561198024796066,Not Recommended,403640,26572714,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Barefoot Pookie,"No idea how this was such crap, the first one and the xpac were so amazing thought there was no way they could ♥♥♥♥ this up. But the did. Really need reoptimization for PC, better customization of controls, LEVEL RESTARTING CAPABILITY. Honestly what in the hella ♥♥♥♥, if I really♥♥♥♥♥♥the bed in a mission I dont want to have to play THE REST OF THE ♥♥♥♥ING MISSION to get back to the ship just to replay the ♥♥♥♥ing mission again. Youre supposed to improve games with sequels, not completely garbage em up."
76561198137752843,Not Recommended,403640,26529734,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Forsain,Awesome game plagued by terrible optimazation.
,Not Recommended,403640,26529772,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,RICK SANCHEZ hellcase.com,I hate this game but i cant say that because i cant play it becuase it dosent load up it says it has only loaded for a bit but stays and dosnt finsish then after a while it says dinsonred 2 has stoped responding (note i can run all of my games execpt this one even the first one just fine i also uninstalled 3 games to install this ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t
,Not Recommended,403640,26530190,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Ouroboros,Unplayable mess.
76561198066677968,Not Recommended,403640,26540997,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Spikey567890,Honestly i really wanted to like the game but had to get a refund because the quality of the game is absurdly bad the game runs terribly for me and most people i have a gtx 1080 and manage 60 fps till i get to the city and then drops to a constant 40-60fps not to mention gpu usage drops to 70% when frame rate goes down and the game does not even look graphically good looks like the first game so do yourself a favor and stay away from this bad port if you really want to play get it on a console at least it works unlike this version which will probably not get fixed
,Not Recommended,403640,26542255,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Sakarias411,"Runs like garbage, It looks like a very bad port, mouse sensivity is weird, framerate is not stable.The story, on the other hand, looks very promising. Too bad the performance is not good."
76561198073327133,Not Recommended,403640,26607273,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Bakunin36,I am disappointed that this game does not run as smoothly as I had expected. I loved the original but this game feels like it was released too early and is desperately in need of polishing. I can not recommend this game as it currently exists.
,Not Recommended,403640,26984856,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Nova,"Whatever you do, no Matter how much you want to, do NOT buy this. The PC Version for this Game is ♥♥♥♥ed up beyond Repair, and the last Thing anyone should do is to give Arcane and Bethesda any Money for this. It got worse since the Patch as the Game is now constantly crashing for me. Worked mostly fine before, but that´s a Thing of the Past now."
76561198142466299,Not Recommended,403640,26515179,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,colt45skeeter,My specs are all above the minimum reqs and the game is literally unplayable and im getting about 15 fps in the tutorial level.
76561198019585974,Not Recommended,403640,26516114,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Foxcar,"Runs pretty horrible in general. The game also ties the mouse input to the framerate and there's no option in the menus to limit the FPS to 60, so it'll be really sluggish when looking at a wall, but really jumping when looking toward an open space. Speaking of open spaces, I frequently experienced frame rate drops into the 20s. This was while running the game on High, not Very High or Ultra on a GTX 1060 6GB, the recommended graphics card. My CPU is a 3.7ghz i7. Couldn't tell you if the actual game is good, it very well could be, but I'm not playing more than 2 hours to preserve my right to refund.Definitely wait on this one, I'll be refunding it in 15 days if there's not a patch out by then."
,Not Recommended,403640,26516146,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,frozenstrach,"Performance issues on early access it's not a new thing, and i still hope that 1-day patch will fix this 30-fps horror-slideshow, so i hope i'll change my review in soon time if game will works properly after the patch comes out. This game is brilliant. Performance is not."
,Not Recommended,403640,26530079,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,≋R≋i≋z≋i≋n≋g≋,"Overall, game was a big dissapointment for me. I only played the tutorial-first wall of lightThe biggest issue was that there were 0 instructions on how to actually equip a power or do any of the fancier stuff that was very obvious in dishonored. I had the teleportation power granted by the outsider, but had no idea how to actually use it. Other then that, there wasn't any significant improvement in gameplay that made me say, this is definitely dishonored 2. It felt like I was playing dishonored, reskinned.If you are familiar with dishonored, it's basically the same game. I kept a close eye on the 2 hour mark so now I'm voting with my wallet and refunding.I don't know what else to say. I was expecting something amazing for a sequel (which is mandatory and an unspoken agreement), but was sorely dissapointed."
76561198074474688,Not Recommended,403640,26530168,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,MrPh4nt0m,"i have a 980Ti, the game is installed on a SSD Intel Skull edition, everything else on the PC is tunned for performance.... yet the game FPS is really bad.... it is another not optimized game that we get on PC..... one word.... refund"
76561198075985635,Not Recommended,403640,26530246,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,erlakes13,"Yeah so I've played this game for an hour and...I just looked at the opening logos before the game crashesDon't buy this game now, wait for the patches.(seriously as I type this the game has crashed again)UPDATE: So it still doesn't work and I can't get past the menu,but I got a trading card 10/10"
,Not Recommended,403640,26573735,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Shadeslayer,"How long does it take to patch a game? Horrible optimization, will change my review if they fix it."
,Not Recommended,403640,26585857,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Kondinator,Im probably going to refund this until they fix the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of it.
76561197975581395,Not Recommended,403640,26610084,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Lizardian_guy,"How can a game which barely looks better than the original Dishonored run so poorly? Better yet, I can only get it to run at a semi-consistent 30 FPS with all settings at low and at those settings, IT LOOKS WORSE THAN THE ORIGINAL.This is unacceptable. I'm waiting for a patch to play this again, and if there isn't one out by the 23rd which fixes these ridiculous performance issues, I'm getting a refund. Do NOT buy this game in its current state.Also, for the record: This uses Denuvo DRM, which is undoubtedly why the game runs so poorly."
,Not Recommended,403640,26513389,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Sho,"(I have about 3 hours in offline mode. *cough*Itotallyliveinaustralia*cough*)Games unoptimized, I reach just under recommended specs and the game runs at 30-70 fps at lowest settings with reduced resolution.Funny thing is, the framerates are much lower than they actually say. 70 looked like 40, and 30 looked like... well...Mouse control is ♥♥♥♥ed up, changes sensitivity when near walls, in small spaces, based on your framerate, and theres a very noticable delay.Same seems to go for the rest of the controls honestly.There are other problems but they are smaller, and I doubt they will be fixed.If the game gets patched by Bethesda/Arkane, or by some fans and it actually RUNS properly then ♥♥♥♥ yeah its a great game, but right now its pretty messed up."
,Not Recommended,403640,26515333,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Kogen Gojinrho,"It would be great if we got accurate system requirments to play the damn game. Running a 3.6 AMD Quad, R9 270X, 8gb of ram (i know i should update it) and all get is the opening logos and then the first loading screen for a total of 1 second, then my god damn desktop! I'm giving it a few days before I start the refund process only cause I know Bethesda is not normaly like this."
,Not Recommended,403640,26529653,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,FrankDrebbon_PoliceSquad,"Love the setting, love the characters, love the story so far...but IT LAGS LIKE MAD!! I have a Gigabyte GTX 980ti and in the open city area Im suffering bag lag.  Cant recommend until its fixed.  Sad sad day."
76561197962361940,Not Recommended,403640,26607465,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Elveswarrior,as of currently this is not a game to recommend. Its simply so poorly optimized that i cant get it to run smooth in the open areas with everything on lowest.
76561198031446201,Not Recommended,403640,26665636,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,bloomage00,"I was planning to give this game a great review.  I had a good ten hours of solid gameplay (with lowered GPU settings, blah), now after the initial loading screen, I just stare at a lovely flashing black screen with ocassional audio.  Sometimes I would let it run to see how a game like Dishonored 2 can't run on low settings while Battlefield 1 can on max.  It's quite a shame.  I seriously hope that they actually put out a real patch that fixes whatever is broken.  Oh well, there goes one of my would be picks for a great game..."
76561198116411523,Not Recommended,403640,26702553,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,faded glory-|s|-,"Frame rate drops, lag, it's just unacceptable performance. The game itself looks wonderful and I know its a good/fun/chill kinda game. I loved the predecessor to this but only played it on console. I bought this on PC because I recently got an awesome gaming rig and prefer a mouse/keyboard for shooters anyways. I was heartbroken about the PC performance but I like this series enough so I bought it on my PS4 as well. It is much better optimized on PS4 (I just dont like using a controller). I am enjoying the game a lot but I wish I could run it on my PC. It's not the PC because I have a good video card and a good processor and I've been running a fast-paced game like Doom on the highest setttings with no problems. I hope they patch it - right now I'm playing Emily on PS4 so hopefully I can have my Corvo experience on PC once they fix this."
76561198012250676,Not Recommended,403640,26704555,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Saint Eve,I like Bethesda games but their PC ports for their games are dismal. Dishonored 2 is no different. If your running dual monitor setup the game will crash. I have a pretty high end rig and the game frame rate is horrible. The game stutters and does not feel smooth. Nothing in the game feels polished. As the time of this review they haven't released a patch to fix these problems for about 2 weeks now. I tried to get a refund for this game but I have logged 3 hours into game so far and Steam policy is 2 hours or less for refund. Now I'm stuck with this♥♥♥♥♥♥game that I can't even play
76561198085661000,Not Recommended,403640,27003824,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Lord Farquaad The Ogre Slayer,"This game doesn't even work, after lauching the game and going through a bunch of loading screens, it crashes. Boycott Bethesda."
,Not Recommended,403640,26514882,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,digitalfreaky,"Graphics are incredible but optimization is literally ridiculous.I have an i7 6800K, a GTX 1080 (overclocked), 32 GB Ram Dominator and a 1k gaming motherboard and with everything maxed out and 4K resolution I get crazy frame rate drops in open areas as well as in cutscenes while with games like Gears of War 4, Battlefield 1, Titanfall 2 and even The Witcher 3 with 50+ graphical mods I get a rock solid perfomance.Release a patch and stop giving priorities to consoles. This is ridiculous."
,Not Recommended,403640,26515605,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Borat Sagdiyev,"My PC Specs:16 GB of RAMNvidia 965mPretty bad frame rate and I've been having some graphics issues. If you haven't pre-ordered/ bought it yet, I recommend waiting for Bethesda to release a patch fixing these issues. Until then, play the ♥♥♥♥ out of the first Dishonored."
,Not Recommended,403640,26516023,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Sakonen,"This is not really a review as I haven't actually played the game much yet, but like others have said before - the game suffers from huge frame rate problems. I don't recommend the game before they'll patch this. This is bit disappointing indeed."
76561197980022380,Not Recommended,403640,26529493,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Spoon Dog,"I was really excited to play this game but right off the bat, i'm getting poor fps (18-30+) and changing the setting from ultra to very low, makes no different what so ever.The mouse is horrible also, it doesn't feel free but rather draggy.Its best to turn off mouse smoothing.Another nip pick is the lean controls, so Q & E are to lean, however to undo the lean, you would have to press the button again to un-lean. Is it so hard, just to have lean as holding the button?Very disappointing game. With that said, anybody who still want this game, id say wait a couple of weeks or months until they patch this game.  As of right now, it runs poorly..."
,Not Recommended,403640,26529627,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Never Knows Best,"Black screen, can't launch the game. Pls fix..."
76561197968788451,Not Recommended,403640,26547776,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,n0b3dience,"The game currently has some serious framerate issues; it's not constant but it's often enough that it requires me to give this game a thumbs down until the publisher gets their s*** together and releases a patch to make their game work as it should have worked when it was released.Shame on you, Bethesda. Fix your games BEFORE you start selling them. If / When this game is fixed, I'll revisit this review, but until then: WTF, Bethesda?"
76561198052124801,Not Recommended,403640,26547795,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,MelonMonster,I feel a bit sick after 30min playing this....i was about to throw up... its like playing a bad VR game... :/
,Not Recommended,403640,26550982,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Mikutard,.
,Not Recommended,403640,26551613,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,The Duck Of Darkness,Such♥♥♥♥♥♥performance not acceptable. Audio mixing is poor. Refunded
,Not Recommended,403640,26561040,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Vassiliev,"Optimisation is inferior, can not recommend at this stage.March 2017: Four months passed, no major improvements."
,Not Recommended,403640,26563618,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Unoriginal,"Ran fine for the first play session but I can't launch the game anymore. I get the initial loading screen and then a flickering black screen. I´m playing on a brand new PC that meets reccomended requirements. The hour or so I got to play was pretty good. Wait for patches.Update: I managed to get the game to launch by opening NVIDIA GeoForce experience, selecting the game from there and putting everything at ""low"". Then launching the game and re-adjust the options in-game. Hope this helps."
,Not Recommended,403640,26570785,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,𝔻𝕆ℕ𝔼 𝕄𝔸ℍ 𝔾𝕃𝔸𝕊𝕊,Why didn't they just realease the game when it was optimized lmao
76561198058136380,Not Recommended,403640,26576580,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Yodalemos,"Don't misundertstand my non-recommendation for dislike of the game. The game is great, however it is so poorly optimized that at ultra settings and very low settings the game runs at an abysmal 25 FPS, the game runs the smoothest on Medium settings, probably because it was ported from consoles and medium is the only thing those can handle. The game is almost unplayable with such FPS and not to mention the graphics become blurred like crazy in some area's when you're running the game on Ultra. Until they fix the game I can't recommend it."
76561198204330376,Not Recommended,403640,26591361,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,pr,"Not playable! On low settings runs like garbage, are you fixing this? i7 16 gig ram radeon r9 3800, not the best but come on it should run this game no problem!"
76561198059433802,Not Recommended,403640,26599911,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Dr_Who,"Waiting for performance patch, until then it's thumbs down."
,Not Recommended,403640,26754897,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Tilly,it was ok minus the framerate issue it had. im just waiting for the patches to come.
76561198209393504,Not Recommended,403640,28182697,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Rankedradar,"The game doesn't launch for me.I have tried updating my driver, wait a second, the installer ♥♥♥♥ing stopped working. I tried updating several times but nope, doesn't seem to want to update. Or download the recommended driver for Dishonored 2. I also tried reinstalling the game, verifying game cache, using beta patch and running as admin but none of them worked.Maybe if they fix this issue I will come back and recommend it but for now I really ♥♥♥♥ing can't. Fix your game.Loved Dishonored 1, by the way."
76561197974589615,Not Recommended,403640,26756485,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,TFmoore,This game is not ready for release the graphis isues may it unplayable for me had to return it. I dont have a poor system eather which makes it all that more sad. On top of the first one being so well done.Maybe in a few months time when they have fix some issues.
,Not Recommended,403640,26543912,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Aazam,"In its current state it is near unplayable with anything short of an i7 and a gtx 1080, I was so looking forward to playing this game and even with a mid tier i5 and a 960 I cant above 30 fps in dunwall streets on medium settings. This game will be the deciding purchase that will prevent me from ever preordering a PC game again."
76561198061542867,Not Recommended,403640,26543496,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Jake Paul Official Fan Page,fix asap or i want refund
,Not Recommended,403640,28520141,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Second,"The game has a great idea behind it but I have the same issue as most people.  It's basically unplayable due to poor optimization or something of the like.  I know I'm preaching to the choir but I'm one more unhappy customer, fix this game please."
76561197976180748,Not Recommended,403640,26515050,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,De Beul van Barsingerhorn,"In it's current state I cannot recommend this game. Performance is terrible, even with top of the line hardware. Oh and it also crashes randomly. Excellent game, would not buy again."
76561198089494916,Not Recommended,403640,26551200,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,dannykenpachi (丹尼·肯帕奇,Pretty bad am going to go for refund has both graphics gameplay bugs and also just not that fun or well made
,Not Recommended,403640,26569301,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,enderwitt3000,"I love Dishonored and the sequel COULD be amazing....... if it didn't run worse than a chubby 3 year old. I don't have a beast of a pc, but I do know it shouldn't be this bad."
,Not Recommended,403640,28915149,Posted: 1 January,all,Project Phantom,This game is great and lots of fun. You can play it  like a stealthy assassin or gunz blazing kill everyone in plain sight. It's a really great game and the powerups you acquire in the game make it more interesting to play.UNFORTUNATELY!!!This game is riddled with game crashing bugs. It was not ready to be released to the public and I cannot recomend anyone pay the $40+ dollars for this game (current steam sale price).I'm sure in the near futute most of these issues will be fixed with the next few updates or so but in the meantmie I suggest waiting a while longer before commiting to it.I'm currently runnuing an incredibly powerful recently built custom PC.I far exceed the recomended specs so my crashes should not be hardware based.
,Not Recommended,403640,27899612,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Hide,"As of patch 1.2 game is in terrible state right now. The fps drops are real even with low graphics - whenever you turn the camera the fps goes down from 60 to 35. There seems to be an issue with game engine itself, so I guess it is not that easily fixed. Not in nearest time at least"
76561197995578501,Not Recommended,403640,28172402,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,RaztaPapoulos,"Well...I played 30 minutes and it was enough for me. This game is poorly optimized at the moment. The game doesn't feel smooth at all, even on ultra the game is looking terrible and it feels like i'm playing on very low. The low frame rate is ridiculous, lots of graphical glitches, I don't know what is going on with this game. I wanted to ignore the bad reviews about the terrible state of this game right now but I just found out myself that this is♥♥♥♥♥♥at the moment. I know I can run this game on very high / ultra because I run heavier games that than on ultra settings. Maybe I will re-buy the game on day if the problems are fix but for now I got a refund..."
76561198244841556,Not Recommended,403640,28176970,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,ToadiesForCody,Throughly disapointed with the frame rate drops and random crashes.
76561198076115224,Recommended,403640,28747492,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,steen.bundgaard,Incredible good.  Just got the game and have found no issues at all. Running smoothly 75 fps on my GTX 970 and core i5-3500
76561198081667344,Recommended,403640,28757631,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,MrGoatOnABoat,"I purchased this game after all of the apparent framerate issues, game now runs smooth as butter (although I have above the recommended system requirements) It runs perfectly at 60 fps on ultra settings. Only a few hours in so far, and loving it, it feels a lot like an enhanced version of the first game without feeling like it was trying to copy it. They really did improve on just about everything and I have no complaints so far, I love that youhave a choice of two different charactersso you have even more viable playthrough options without the game feeling the same in any one of them Dishonored is quickly becoming my favorite game series of all time.TL;DR: Framerate issues fixed, wonderful game, if you loved the first one, would recommend. If you haven't played the first one, play that one first."
,Recommended,403640,33186749,Posted: 3 July,all,Reaver,This is what a sequel should be like
,Not Recommended,403640,26527081,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,chuffy.md,"Good game, but some absolutely hellacious optimizing. I experienced drops as low as 15fps when engaging more than one enemy and when I tried to turn certain things down in hopes of improving performance, it managed to make things worse when not in combat.My specs are as follows:EVGA GTX 1070i7 6700k16GB RAMI'll reiterate: the core game is good. It's more of the same of Dishonored 1, and that's okay. I'll change this to a positive review when they patch the game."
,Not Recommended,403640,26664869,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,DOG GAMER,"If you want to release a game on PC, make sure people can actually play the game without melting their computers.We as consumers should not accept stuff like this, that's why I cant give this game a positive review."
,Recommended,403640,27922187,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,HaZaRD.xy0,"Didnt have any performance issues on medium settings besides last mission crashing if not played in a certain way. (~60fps / GTX970, I5 4460, 16gb ram)"
76561198199334679,Not Recommended,403640,27594687,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Xaerithis,"Don't buy the game until the overall reviews turn positive. You're going to spend probably a few hours tweaking your settings to make the game work, only to have it not work the next time you go to play it. While the beta patches have fixed a fair amount of the egregious offenses to PC gamers, I wish I could get my money back for this game. The story and the gameplay are great, but the amount of time I spend trying to get the game to work is simply not worth the hassle."
,Not Recommended,403640,28197570,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Apostian,"The technical issues with the PC version are enough to keep people away from this game in its current form.  But since everyone else has already discussed this, I'd like to comment on the actual game.  As someone who likes stealth games, I just can't recommend this one.  The original Dishonored was a surprising hit that allowed you to play through the game as stealth or combat.  Both were fairly well done and made the game a delight to play.  It seems like with the sequel, I couldn't help but get the overwhelming feeling that the developers really didn't want me to play as stealth.  Some of the sections are unnecessarily difficult to complete without being noticed.  Furthermore, some of the bone charms and runes are almost impossible to obtain without completely breaking stealth and engaging the enemy head on.  I understand that with stealth games the quicksave and quickload buttons will get used fairly frequently but with this game, you may as well bind the keys to your mouse.  It's so unfortunate that level design has taken such a back seat in the development of games these days.Hate to say it but Dishonored 2 is yet another disappointing 2016 release.  At least Doom was awesome."
,Recommended,403640,28313267,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,thanaetos,"I love this game as much as the first one, and I'm going to play it again because I love Corvo and Emily. Plus, it doesn't hurt to see the Outsider again."
,Recommended,403640,32902019,Posted: 27 June,all,WarDemon,apart from the technical difecultys the game is as good if not better than the first one
76561198028074081,Not Recommended,403640,31051135,Posted: 9 April,all,Sumguy88,"Is it fun? Yes. Did I get that far in it? No. Why? Because it randomly crashes for no god damn reason. Seriously, overall it ran flawlessly. No graphical problems, no framrate issues, nothing. But the crashes. The literally random god damn crashes. Walk through a  door. Crash. Pick up a wishbone. Crash. Pick up whale oil. Crash. Give a bum some coins for a tip. Crash. Use a power. Crash. Kill 50 enemies every possible way, pick up everything, spend 2 hours warping around an area then go to 1 armed boat lady and select leave? Crash. Luckily i bought on the 50% sale and im going to hold onto it in hopes of a fix, but until then save your cash, wait for the summer sale or something."
,Not Recommended,403640,26591773,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,[М о я т у],"TL:DR Games is great awesome story its the sequel this game deserved, but it needs to be optomized properlyThe game was great, It was fun to play. Plus with the world lore being more integrated this time I really enjoyed it. I have no experianced any of the frame drop issues mentioned but I know its bad, this game would have a very positive review if it was being blown out of proportion. bethesda or arkane need to fix the issue, for christ sake you developed the game on a computer if anything the console version should have issues not ours."
76561197970756092,Not Recommended,403640,26571099,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,"Lambert, Lambert - What a prick.",Unplayable performance issues for me too like for most people. If it wasn't for that it would for sure get my thumbs up.
,Not Recommended,403640,26514178,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Chichen,It ran very poorly on my i7 4770k and 980ti with 16gb of ram. Ran okay for the first 30 minutes and then would constantly frame drop. I was beginning to feel motion sick because the sensitivity of the mouse was being affected by the frame drops. I was streaming it as well and my viewers were also complaining of motion sickness.Wait for a patch or something before picking this up. Game seemed pretty cool but I can't recommend in its current state. In the mean time I'm refunding.
76561198253557523,Not Recommended,403640,26561607,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,DeathClaw,This is♥♥♥♥♥♥it wont even work on my pc >:(
,Not Recommended,403640,26597197,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Roder777,"So, I can't really give an honest review because the game is VERY poorly optimized.Unplayable."
76561198162363968,Not Recommended,403640,26647596,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Bueno Excellente,♥♥♥♥♥poor port. cant even get past loading screen becasue after it loads both of my screens flicker enough to casue any epileptic to seizure.
76561198198323982,Not Recommended,403640,26604985,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Max Stirner,Please..........for the love of Harambe.....fix the god damn fps. Save your money and buy it till a pacth for the game is released.
,Not Recommended,403640,26545937,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Swededweeb,"At the moment I can't recommend this game due to the amount of bugs and performance issues. Give it a few patches and see if things improve, but don't buy it right now."
76561198140265455,Not Recommended,403640,26546131,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Nickel Pickle,"This game is so fun.But.....The optmization is a huge problem, I have a decent PC and I can run dishonored on max settings and get higher than 60 fps. When I play dishonred 2 on ULTRA LOW settings I get somewhere between 20-30 fps. Please fix this, because this game is amazing other than the optizimation."
76561197997728699,Not Recommended,403640,26587057,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,UsaLostLiberty,"Would like to give a good reveiw on this one, however won't until the game is optimised and runs over 60fps ,currrect state of the game is joke.The game won't run over 30fps even with my 2 titans x (pascal) in SLI"
,Not Recommended,403640,26652778,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Marquoise,"The game itself is wonderful, I'm a few missions off completing it now and it's been a joy to play - to continue playing in the future too. But yes, the reviews are like this for a reason, the optimization is poor, very poor. The weirdest thing is though it seems to run differently on different PCs with no real correlation between what works and what doesn't.I'm currently using a GTX 1060, i5-3570, 8GB ram, and the game is in a playable state. I get a decent 50-60 FPS in most areas, but I do drop and stutter a lot when looking at the larger maps (like the coast on chapter 1). Another thing I also noticed that killed my frames a bit is thetimepiece that allows you to warp between time periods. I found when I used the item to open up and look into the past/present it would sink down to 35-40 FPS.I'm going to have to mark this as a negative for now, and I regret that I need to because this game seriously is so much fun. As soon as they fix the stability, I'm changing this to a recommend."
,Not Recommended,403640,26722835,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Riock,"The game itself is fun, but it runs like♥♥♥♥♥ Wait for a sale in a year or so."
76561198029969118,Not Recommended,403640,28125510,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Sodamachine,"This game is still in DESPERATE need of optimisation.I have a laptop with i7 and GTX 950m, and playing it even on the lowest settings this game is causing nausea for me (something I rarely to never experience in games); In other words, this game plays (and also looks) worse than the original game.Until this is fixed or there's some amazing sale, I'd recommend sticking with the original game instead.Severly disappointed."
76561198173433309,Not Recommended,403640,26683902,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,epsteinlaroche,"This might be a very good game, the first one was, but I wouldn't know because it's in such a sorry state that I can't play it despite being well over the minimum requirements. It's the kind of mess we should probably assume all Bethesda games are these days, though I expected better from Arkane, and $60 USD is just a laughable price. Maybe by the winter sale it'll be fixed and hopefully cost less, currently it's just not worth it."
76561198098149280,Not Recommended,403640,26756471,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Kush Wizard,I feel like a disappointed father who has just seen his sons bad report card.
76561198077599514,Not Recommended,403640,26516224,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,ArmorRoid,"(Edit, Betapatch: 2016-11-18)I have played around in the betapatch and on latest Nvidia drivers (375.95 as recommended) and for me atleast some aspects have been slightly improved. Is the framerate at an acceptable 60fps consistant outdoors and indoors? Nope not for me atleast, but its usully around 50 fps now outdoors and higher indoors 60+fps(ofc), which is an improvment. There are still some massive framedrops indoors & outdoors to around 15-20 fps, but from what i have experienced they are less common.The game also finally saves my visual settings so i dont have to upres to 1920x1080 every time i restart the game and the mouse also feels much smoother now and is not jaggy or floaty.So generally speaking, the games runs smoother for me at least, its still not where it should be and many others still have problems. But the patch has taken the game one step forward to being what it should have been at release.Will change recommendation when the game is fixed.(Original launch- review)I was very excited for this game, which make very sad to say i'm a bit dissapointed, not because the gameplay is bad, but as everyone has said it has some real performance problems as of now.For me at least even with the latest drivers (Nvidia 375.70), simply looking at some stuff in the starting room would lower my fps to 40-ish and stay there and at one point later on in the same map, the framerate drops to between 18-23 fps rendering it nearly unplayable with a lot of stuttering and unresponsive mouse movement everything gets really choppy. And this was when i tried the game on all medium and low settings!Tinkering with the setting does not help either at the time I write this, the game will simply not run at an acceptable framerate.Otherwise the gameplay is to me at least familiar and improved from Dishonored but doesn't feel fluid because of the performance problems.Wait until a performance patch is released before buying this game, even if you are a fan of the first one.If the patch fixes these issues, that many people also has, I will change my recommendation.My Specs:GTX 970 4GB8GB Rami5 4460 3.10GHz"
,Not Recommended,403640,28153738,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Zarkhosh,"I was able to play the game one time. The second time I opened the game, my screen went black and flickered on and off until I force quit the game. From what I saw the game was good, but that doesn't matter if I can't play the game."
,Recommended,403640,26939053,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Hizzer,"Developer Arkane has doubled down on the original’s play-your-way formula with great new powers to explore playing as Emily. Fabulous art-direction and level-design create a deep, and multifaceted, world affecting your approach to each new area."
76561198278786544,Not Recommended,403640,26698190,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Ryanmsmith86,"From what i've seen of the game so far, it seems good, and on par with the first, which i loved. Unfortunetly out of the 10 or so hours i've played, i have only seen the first few levels, as most of my time has been spent messing with graphical settings, trying to get smooth framerates. I'm sure after a few patches they will get it running much better. But for now I am putting it aside, until it runs better. I would hold off on purchasing for the time being, until it has been fixed. I have a fairly decent gaming rig, and have much better looking games, that run much smoother."
76561197961010096,Not Recommended,403640,28919795,Posted: 1 January,all,Betelgeuse,"This  game runs poorly on the PC. DISHONORED 2 uses the id Tech 5 Engine vs. the id Tech 6 Engine which powers the recent DOOM reboot. The sixth iteration uses/offers modern programmatic mechanisms such as asynchronous shaders and VULKAN (low level API akin to DirectX 12) to maximize frame rates. Despite the fact that a previous id game, RAGE, also used the fifth iteration, DISHONORED 2 runs extremely poorly on my Core i7 (IvyBridge) alongside an original nVidia GTX Titan GPU,  it struggled to reach/maintain 30 fps. That's not the worst of it though. The games exhibits lots of ""rips"" where polygons/textures meet with the effect being you see lots and LOTS of white pixels along these seams. The problem manifests itself to such a large degree that it is an acute eyesore/distraction. This problem seemed more common in the late 90's and early naughts (2000s) and it surprises me to see it in a modern title to this degree. And since the game has been out several months, it may never be patched to address this. In short, this is the broken record of a PC port of a AAA title being the 2nd class citizen (""Batman: Arkham Knight"" anyone?). In the end, I wound up getting a Steam refund and simply bought the PS4 version. It runs fine on the PS4 Pro (frame rate) and free of all bleeding white pixels along seams -- no need to ruin DISHONORED 2's wonderful motif & artistic direction. If you have a PS4, go play that version instead... this game on the PC version simply isn't worth it."
,Not Recommended,403640,29019425,Posted: 4 January,all,"Xûr, Agent Of The Nine","Cant recommend at the moment due to aweful screen tearing and low fps on my near max over clocked 1050ti and max i5 6500 when they fix this issue i will recommend this game and re write this review as the rest of the game is stellar, besides the horrific port 10/10"
76561198041972831,Not Recommended,403640,28921273,Posted: 1 January,all,ingimarg,"it's just such a bad port, untill they fix the performance i can not rate it a good pc game.The gameplay and story is exelent thoe, it's a shame it is ruined by the performance."
76561198048420345,Not Recommended,403640,26543443,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Daniel,"-Poorly optimized-Port is awful (as always lately, big ""f*** you"" to pc players)-Very short game (finished in 10 hours, really?)-Feels more like a dlc than a full game (59.99 for this?)-Story is absolutely terrible, boring, lacking, and doesn't at all feel like any choices matter, went on a full butchery first gamethrough and didn't feel dark at all, i didn't feel sucked into the story or the characters which are also very few and not intriguing. Bethesda made it feel like you and your allies will become more cynical (or hopeful) depending on your choices, no.-Very tiny world, not a lot of areas to explore and areas are small-Few side missions-List goes on...+Gameplay was pretty good, lots of different approaches to take out enemies and advance forward."
,Not Recommended,403640,26696633,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Koda(阮),"♥♥♥♥♥fps even on a high end rig. Also, mouse lag."
,Not Recommended,403640,28164005,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Ya Boi Reece,I imagine that it is a good game and i enjoyed the first game a lot.However dishonerd 2 runs slower and looks worse than the first game. i'd recomend waiting for the game to be properly optimised.
76561198070402056,Not Recommended,403640,28521186,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Moon Cucumbers,"As a devoted dishonored fan i was loving this game besides the lack of new powers for corvo (emily's powers were to lame for me to pick her) but the game breaker for me was when i got to the first guard tower and rewired it only to see kill my enemies for literally about 15 seconds and then shut off. Explain to me how when it is powered by the guards it can run for days but when its rewired suddenly the battery is dead in a matter of seconds...makes sense right? in the first dishonored my fav thing to do was stop time rewire tower and watch it kill enemies for minutes, and then you could go do your mission leave and that ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ was still shooting people walking by just like it would if it was never rewired...now that makes sense to me"
76561198063066383,Recommended,403640,27689258,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Proxel,"Having completed a couple of runs (both on high chaos and low) I really think this is an excellent game. I played allot of the previous game and really enjoyed it because its such a cool concept. A former bodyguard betrayed by those around him and cast out, only to be touched by the supernatural and rise again. Combine that with a semi open world with deep layers in terms of choice, characters, world design/exploration and story.. it hooked me. Plus like most the steampunk Victorian-esc asthetic really works for me.This imo is a game that is a worthy successor to Dishonored. It's not perfect, but what it is building upon is solid foundations from the previous game. And of course being a newer game with a new engine it does look nicer and having some impressive new mechanics (although most are essentially the same, with new kill animations). What you will find is it feels bigger, in terms of how long you're in an area, as generally there are more paths and opportunities.To summarise; if you liked the previous game it's unlikely you won't find enjoyment here. As I said it's not perfect but still it is allot of fun and just as in grossing as the previous game. If you're a new player then, firstly I highly recommend playing Dishonored first as although it's not needed it really does add to the context and is just a great game (currently on sale for almost 2 quid).So yeah despite performance problems which I mostly think are fixed (although check first and make sure your rig can run it), this game is still brilliant. So I recommend it to you."
,Recommended,403640,28090174,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Essie Essex,"I love this game almost as much as the first one. Definitely worth the money, especially since it can be replayed multiple times. I feel like the devs really listened to fans of the first game when creating the sequel, and they really came through with a masterpiece reminiscent of D1, but with other elements that made this game truly unique."
,Not Recommended,403640,28207732,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,mi6jack,"newest patch made my game unacessible, gg arkane, gg."
,Recommended,403640,28273472,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Looserbrain,"IT IS A GREAT GAME.Optimization issues has been fixed after a patch.Pros:- Great gameplay-Still has the ability to choose stealth or go loud.- Peaceful or high chaos? That's still your choice- Has a rating where every mission gives you how much chaos you did.- Now has a choice of Emily or Corvo- Magic or no magic that is your choice now. (No magic would be hard and almost impossible to beat the game)-Very friendly to new comers to dishonored.- Crafting charms are balanced.-New variety of enemies.Con:- Yes the graphic is slightly better than Dishonored 1, however nonthless same style of graphic. Some might like it some might not.- The story is similar to dishonored 1.-----------------------------------------------------------OVERALL:It is a great game, and you should definately play it. :D And is recommended. However, if you did not enjoy dishonored 1, or its style of graphics I suggest not to come to this one as it could give you the same impression that its not so good."
,Recommended,403640,27231311,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,☢DUEL_✘_TOXIC☢,If you download the new beta patch and driver it will improve your performance :D+ the game starts downloading from beginning :'(.This is GOTY ''Ma opinion''
,Recommended,403640,28182750,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Salty,"TLDR: Solid gameplay with satisfying querks. Performance is mediocore but the game still looks great on mediumThe GoodIntricate level designs, with multiple mission solutions.Hidden loot and well written books and notes scattered around the levelsBeing able to play as Emily is a nice addition.You can check your stats for the current mission or global at any time, this is very helpful for stealth runs.The BadDistant moving objects become mishaped in cutscenes (medium settings) hopfully gets fixed.Poor launch performance; this has hampered reviews which is disappointing.Specs:• CPU: Intel i7 3770k• GPU: Nvidia GTX 780 SC• RAM: Kingston Hyper X 16GB• SSD: Samsung 850 EVO 500GB"
76561198036925625,Not Recommended,403640,26651501,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Arcia,"Don't buy untill fixes are confirmed. When a $60 product does not work as advertised, return it."
,Not Recommended,403640,26667733,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,HxCrab,As good as Arkham Knight.You know what I mean.
76561198034967026,Not Recommended,403640,26715897,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,StinkingRiot,"performance issues completely kill the game.a patch has been released but major issues still remain. In its current state, unless you have a very high performance computer, i cant recommend the pc port of this game.Atm its unclear how long it will take to sort out the performance problems, i would certainly wait before dishing your money as its unplayable in this state and just not a fun a experience."
,Not Recommended,403640,26594059,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,AshkarSeryn,I payed for this game expecting it to be at least playable however i cant even start the game up without it crashing... Bethesda Just really let us down with this game. I'd ask for a refund but im still hoping they fix it.
76561198053979710,Not Recommended,403640,26606469,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,EliMiX,"While I love Dishonored and was waiting for this, do not buy this game - it has a lot of performance issues and crashes which make this game not enjoyable at all.I suggest waiting for the reviews to become good again, once they patched up all the issues.Until then, I'm just going to let it collect dust."
,Not Recommended,403640,26636314,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Carnivore Angel,"I'll switch this to positive and write a proper review once they fix the ♥♥♥♥ing performance issues.Beta patches are making promising progress and the game is now playable on my setup, but a lot more work needs to be done."
76561198282109499,Not Recommended,403640,26651152,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,ssiicc,This is the second time I had to tinker around with the graphics card settings OUTSIDE of a game engine to get it to run higher than 20 fps. Fallout4 was the second one. Whats in common with both of these?You guessed it! ME! I'm the sucker who keeps paying BETHESDA money for a half baked POS product that can be insanely fun to play (I really don't know yet because I quit FO4 immediately after I got it to actually load a game and dishonored 2 has yet to be updated as of the moment) but instead makes you search freaking gaming forums for a fix to problem that never should have existed in a 60$ highly marketed software.BETHESDA!!! This is the last time I'm letting you disrespect me as a costumer. I'm done.
,Not Recommended,403640,26632938,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Dispenser (Drakeworkes),It doesn't run well. Simple as that. It was obviously rushed later in developmental programming for PC. Unless Bethesda releases a patch that fixes this for PC just buy it on console. It's a waste of money on PC at the moment.
76561198039834942,Not Recommended,403640,28113118,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,thecosmiccastaway,Patch 1.3 and only worth buying if you have a high-end graphics card.  Anything mid-line and you'll be lucky to get 20 fps.
,Not Recommended,403640,26610251,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,coskerstrike,"This is the first time I've felt the need to review a game on Steam. I have a pretty high end rig and I get absolute♥♥♥♥♥♥performance even on lower settings. The game apparently doesn't support SLI and even if it did, based on what I've heard from people with high end non-SLI machines it wouldn't help.Do not buy this game in it's current state."
,Not Recommended,403640,26684706,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,CRYSTAL METH,"Unplayable, input lag is incredible. The game can't keep a solid 60 fps even at lowest settings.Can't play past the first encounter considering the game's performance is so distracting."
76561198063039791,Not Recommended,403640,28283692,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Za Warudo,"I am going to say as Dishonored fan that I was really hyped up about this game. Just as an fyi, even if your console could run the original Dishonored, it won't be able to run this game. To me, that was disappointing. Until this game has been optimized and you see all the negative reviews turn positive, then don't buy this game."
,Not Recommended,403640,29640159,Posted: 1 February,all,Terpy Panda,"Game launches : Download game. Enter game. Laggy♥♥♥♥♥engine.3 weeks later: Medicore excuse for a patch.2 months after launch: 2nd ""patch"" no difference.You cannot fix a broken engine."
76561198005856199,Not Recommended,403640,26745776,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,ID,"Can't play it, me sad"
,Not Recommended,403640,26614214,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,PhamTrinli,"The first thing that struck me was the control-scheme shock. It's been a while since I played a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ console port and it took some getting used to again. Now, when I say ""♥♥♥♥♥♥ console port"" I mean the port is ♥♥♥♥♥♥ - not the game itself.So far the gameplay (modulo the controls) is fine.I do like the multiple paths through each area and multiple ways to solve each problem or take care of each situation.The stealth is decent - although I think it was possibly slightly better in Thief (the recent modern installment).I do have to cover the fact that the game is also poorly optimized for PC on release and many people (including myself) are experiencing stuttering and frame drops which we really shouldn't be, for the hardware some of us are running it on. Also some people on PC are experiencing crashes and a few are not able to play the game at all, even with the minimum spec's satisfied.The tutorial is also lackluster IMO. There are parts where it wants you to do something and you have no idea how to do it and it literally does not tell you how. I thought the whole point of a tutorial was to tell you how to do everything...At the time of the writing of this review, I cannot, in good faith, recommend this game on PC. Wait for all the patches to be pushed out and the issues to be resolved. Possibly wait for a sale."
76561198025090423,Not Recommended,403640,30984648,Posted: 6 April,all,glynnenstein,"I was excited to see this 50% off, but after installing it would not launch properly for me. A few seconds of black screen and then it returned to desktop. I troubleshot for 30 minutes but to no avial, so I got a refund. Hopefully they work this out down the road."
76561198093501785,Not Recommended,403640,26541712,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Amicable,Fix FPS issues.
,Not Recommended,403640,27854399,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Vinyl Scratch,"I bought this game later than everyone else (1.2 patch) as i was told that this patch fixed the performance issues. It did not, learn from my mistakes and do not buy this game until there has been absolute confirmation that the awful performance issues have been resolved.Edit: This is now a total joke. patch 1.3 is out with the latest Nvidia drivers and i still can't get above 40fps on LOWEST SETTINGS! I have a I7 470K  16GB of ram and an GTX 770. Fix you bloody game.On a side note we all knew this♥♥♥♥♥♥was going to happen after Bugthesda review changes remind me not to buy their game until at least a year after release when 2% of the bugs are fixed and mods fix the rest."
76561197995506136,Not Recommended,403640,27856877,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Joshy Boy,"Even with the most recent update, the performance is unacceptable. Refunded."
,Not Recommended,403640,28133128,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,sadist,I was really looking forward to this game and i am very disappointed with it. The game runs awful for a game that doesnt look all that much better than the first one which runs perfect. I wouldnt recommend unless you have a absolute beast of arig
,Not Recommended,403640,26596281,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,99,aha another♥♥♥♥♥♥♥studio that hates amdArkane you have both my mid fingers
76561198026873914,Recommended,403640,29078069,Posted: 6 January,all,Ghouleh,"HIDDEN UNDERNEATH THE OPTIMIZATION FIASCO - A GENUINELY SOLID, GOOD GAME.[Spoiler-Free]I was very fortunate. By the time I bought Dishonored 2 during the Christmas Sales, I had no optimization issues whatsoever.It may be they finally fixed the game. They've released three patches or so since launch. I wouldn't know. PC is a tricky thing, and some people still report the same issues as before.Alternatively, it may be because I had the game installed onto an SSD, and ran it on a GTX 1080. So take that as you will.Having said that, let's talk about the game itself.It's good. It's pretty good. Solid. It's Dishonored 1, but a little better in most aspects. If you're comfortable with the idea of more Dishonored 1, polished up and with a few new nifty tricks thrown in, I heartily recommend this game.Let's talk about the -bad- things first. Surprisingly, there's... really not a lot.THE BAD* As a silent and almost faceless protagonist in Dishonored 1, Corvo Attano wasn't particularly memorable. They gave him a face, voice and personality in Dishonored 2, and honestly I believe the character is worse for it.It makes sense, of course. It would feel really weird to have a fully-voiced Emily quipping and commenting on things you did throughout the game, and not giving Corvo the same treatment. But while I feel like this was the right choice for the game, I feel like it cheapens Corvo greatly.The problem is that Dishonored 2 takes place about fifteen years after the first game, and in that time, Corvo is in his 50s. That's a rather unfortunate confluence of events, and that's because his voice, his appearance and his context places him squarely in the shoes of the stereotypical boilerplate male protagonist of this generation: The Bearded Sad Murder Dad, who's had a hard life and has to save/protect little girl in order to feel human again. I look at him, hear him speak, and I feel like I'm playing Walking Dead. Or Last of Us. Or Shadow of Mordor.SILVER LINING: I won't give Arkane an actual reprimand for this, because they built in a failsafe against this very thing - as in, you don't have to play as Corvo at all, and only see his bearded sad murder face in the tutorial. Good on you, Arkane!* For whatever reason, they cut the number of assorted throwable objects in this game sharply. Specifically, you can no longer cut off enemies' heads and throw them. Now why is that a big deal? In a regular playthrough, it really isn't. However, any of you who have seen some of the crazier Dishonored 1 speedruns can see the amazing things you can do with a head, a springrazor, a crossbow bolt and a bit o' time stop. While I'm sure they'll devise even wackier things for this game, I feel like they should've just kept things the way they were.* The in-game lacks a couple things, which can be irritating if you're trying to do a completionist run. Now, at the end of each level, you get your stats, and how many colletible's you've snatched out of what was available . Ideally, we'd have the same collectible tracking in the in-game menu. Failing that, I'd just really really like to be able to see which blueprints and portraits I've already acquired in a given level. It's a small thing to be sure, but would smooth things over.* A very minor thing, but this game is actually more of a sequel to the Dishonored 1 DLC Witches of Brigmore than to Dishonored 1 itself. A large chunk of the cast comes in directly from the DLC, and if you haven't played it, you're going to miss out on quite a bit.THE GOOD* Play as Emily or Corvo. I honestly didn't think I'd enjoy that too much. However, having played it through, I can clearly see that people who actually lambasted this game for it, saying it didn't do enough - are crazy people and need to go back to crazy town. Not having to play as Sad Murder Dad Corvo and get the girl is a breath of fresh air in an almost gravelike genre. What's more, both characters have unique quips about their environment, and certain characters react differently to one or the other. And how could I neglect to mention that both of them each have unique powers? Corvo has this Dishonored 2 loadout of Blink, Possession and Time Stop, while Emily has different abilities that revolve around a shadow/manipulation theme, fitting her role as Empress. Her Blink is actually a grapple of sorts, which can propel you forward... or propel objects or people toward you. She can turn into a stealthy, deadly, rat-hole-fitting shadow monster, she can mesmerize and make enemies forget she is/was there, create shadow clones. Finally, she can link enemies together. Anything happens to one of them, happens to all of them. The combinations are amazing.TO BE SURE, there's nothing so much as a branching path for each of them, but this is a first-person stealth game, not a CRPG. The playstyles and flavor are different, and that's all I required from the dual-character system.* Whalebone Crafting. I'm usually skeptical of developers shoving crafting mechanics into every game nowadays, but in the case of Dishonored 2, it ends up working out. You can break whalebone charms and runes into raw whalebone, which you can in turn use to craft your own custom bonecharms or runes. Though this is considered a power, and quite a pricey one in the early game, it gives you plenty of versatility. Truth is, you don't need or want most whalebone charms you pick up, and recycling them into something you know you're going to need/want is a very smart way to allow the players to work with what they got.* The setting. Most of Dishonored 2 takes place in the southern province of Serkonos. While Dunwall has it's bleak, stark, gray Victorian charm, Serkonos feels like a tropical blend of Mediterranean and Latin American, and it shows. The game ends up having a rather sunny and, frankly, refreshing aesthetic. You see it everywhere. The color palette, the lighting, the sky, the buildings, even the way the guards dress. Not that there was anything wrong with the first game, but it's nice to see variety.IN CONCLUSIONIf you're counting Good/Bad points and weighing them equally, you're doing it wrong. My problems with the game are more nitpicks than anything else, and I left a lot unsaid for the Good part. The gameplay, plot, music, graphics - they all feel like Dishonored 1, but better. And the fact that there's very little to be said about them is a good thing. You get what you pay for, no ifs, ands or buts. ...Well, except perhaps if you're plagued by the optimization issues. Then again, if that happens, you can always refund it. Otherwise, if you enjoy Dishonored and/or modern stealth games, this is an unqualified positive recommendation."
,Not Recommended,403640,30970621,Posted: 5 April,all,Air Breather,"I really wanted to like this game, but I can't even play it because of how poorly optimize it is. You might actually need like a $2,000+ super computer to run this game remotely well."
76561198058082155,Recommended,403640,26523773,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,DoLaN,"Dishonored 2 has now got the patch it deserves and it's now great. The art style is amazing, great story and graphics. Those who loved the first Dishonored will not be disappointed anymore thanks to the patch. With all my heart I recommend this piece of art!"
,Not Recommended,403640,26518970,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Jimbles,"Like everyone else says, it is horribly optimized."
76561198042326094,Recommended,403640,28120514,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Dirty Dan,"Everything Dishonored did well, Dishonored 2 did better. 9/10"
76561198066834236,Not Recommended,403640,26610388,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,K F THEEE,They changed the Outsider's voice 0/10
,Not Recommended,403640,26623602,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,The Antimatter Cat,"I honestly am having fun...the problem is the performance. It's got some of the worst at-launch performance of any game I've played. Once it's patched, my rating will change. Really sucks since I've been hyped for this since E3."
,Not Recommended,403640,26574049,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,jon wick lefal ass,y u no let me use phenom driver phenom driver work good phenom driver let run game 60 fps liek overwootch y dad i love dishonor dishonor favorite game but no play dishonor 2 bcuz phenom mean plz patch thx dad
,Not Recommended,403640,26522956,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Db,The game is an unplayable mess.  I'm running a GTX 1080 and I get frame drops down as low as 30 with all low settings and the latest Nvidia drivers.Avoid this game if you value your money.
76561197960408864,Not Recommended,403640,29126552,Posted: 8 January,all,bl0rp,"i7 6700 3.4GHz, 16GB RAM, GTX 970. Game feels like when you try to play a game with your computer that is allllllmost up to the minimum specs.  After dying several times due to frame drops, I finally decided that this game is going to have to wait until they either fix these issues or I upgrade. neat.I'm sure it's a great game, I wouldn't know."
76561198129696993,Not Recommended,403640,26724992,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,SuppleSphere7,Nausiating at low fps
76561198041775837,Not Recommended,403640,30967592,Posted: 5 April,all,[MiT] Biggy Rexion,"I can't say much about the game play because I gave up putting up with low FPS not even 10 minutes in. I really want to play this, but it's as if Arkane showed pc gamers a huge middle finger and told them to suck it.My computer is not that good, but it is adequate to run most recent games mid to low quality at least 60 fps. It may even run them at the ultra quality, smoother than this game runs at the lowest setting. What third world developers were responsible for optimization of this game? How did someone at Arkane do nothing about this disaster at the release, let alone almost half a year after release? I hope someone/people got fired for this mess."
76561198025633477,Not Recommended,403640,26588358,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Sinnaps,"This game is the highest quality digital crack on the planet, but it shatters the very best of pipes.Fix please, unplayable and I have a NASA level rig."
76561198111515416,Not Recommended,403640,26578737,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,misery 水,just ♥♥♥♥ing kill me and patch this♥♥♥♥♥♥already
,Recommended,403640,26518333,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Cozmin,"This game must receive the Game Of The Year Award. Easily beats any new-2016 game, better than it's predecessor; Dishonored; this game is way better, improved graphics, improved story-line.You need to play this game twice, one time from Corvo's point of view and the other time from Emily's point of view.This game spells fantastic.People whining about poor PC port, I think they have some really potato computers, it runs fine and very smooth at very high settings. So the optimization is done very well.It was worth pre-ordering it, not a total failure as No Man's Sky or Mafia III.I had doubts because I pre-ordered Mafia III and after it's release I refunded it, but this game, this is just not the case, you need to play it, this is worth it.Easily beats those two games when it comes to every aspect, graphics, story, gameplay, cutscenes.Take notes developers, take notes. That's how you release a game after the first one which already had a great success, this game will be greater.Made by God himself,handed to Arkane studios and published by Bethesda, this game is a truly masterpiece."
,Not Recommended,403640,26754317,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Amakusa,"game runs like trash and looks like trash, i guess using the same engine that made Rage wasn't such a good idea"
,Recommended,403640,26754065,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Mushroom,"The performance patch fixed my problems with frames and mouse smoothing!with a gtx960 and an amd fx-8350, i can still get 55-60 frames (with nvidia hbao off)im in my second playthrough, and its absolutely wonderfuly for me! it is a definite successor of dishonored one.while this started rocky because of the fps lag, i really still did enjoy it."
,Not Recommended,403640,31027274,Posted: 8 April,all,Elise,"The gameplay is amazing, but the optimization is laughably terrible. A game that looks like it's made in 2012 shouldn't have much worse FPS than f-ing Witcher 3. It's been 5 months, when is is actually going to get better?Not recommended until optimization gets better. Would definitely recommend if they fix the FPS issues, not at it's current state though."
76561198097310869,Not Recommended,403640,30231825,Posted: 27 February,all,Joetler,"I cant recommend in its current state, if you have anything less that a 1060 you wont be able to run it without big fps drops. Even with a 1060 or better you will still suffer drops in the middle of combat which is very frustrating.I loved the first game and i tried to love this one too but untill they optimize it further i dont know if its worth playing."
76561198107308156,Not Recommended,403640,28916596,Posted: 1 January,all,(VGW)Jimmeeh*NL*,"Do not buy dishonored 2, the game isn't as fun as the first one and it runs poorly"
76561198111132281,Not Recommended,403640,26528781,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Masamana,Unplayable. Incredibly poorly optimised game. I really hope they release a patch to fix it.
76561198058312841,Recommended,403640,26568888,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Merk,Amazing game but horrible port. Wait for a patch or untill it goes on sale. Woluld of been worth every penny if it wast for the fps problems.
,Recommended,403640,34794708,Posted: 7 September,all,Super Vegito,"Pretty damn good game, specially if you loved the first one. It pretty much improves majorly upon it. There were a lot of performance issues at launch but not anymoremy only 2 complaints would be1- Both the beginning and ending feel rushed. The coup d'etat starts and you're out of your throne in literally the first 20 seconds of the game.  I don't want it to be dragged on for 2hrs but i wish there was at least 20-25mins spent with you as the Queen/Loyal protector just so we can feel like we've lost more when we do actually lose it. Same thing for the ending which basically lasts like 30seconds after you kill the final boss. Story wise wish they had dragged these out more, but other than that great game"
,Recommended,403640,31485705,Posted: 1 May,all,Merciful,"Good things about the game1. Amazing quality2. Amazing animations3. Highly open-worlded4. Extremly fun5. Many secrets and easter eggs6. Many ways to playFrom a cold blooded assassin to a friendly, hidden ghost, you have so many ways to play the game at, and your choices will matter In the end.7. Many endingsBad things about the game1. Does not support SLIThis Isn't really a biggie for me, but could ruin the game for people with 2 or more graphics cards that aren't that good.2. Bad performancePeople say the game's performance Is trash, which Is true, the very low quality settings look worse then dishonored 1 and you only get a small fps boost. But I don't have any problems running the game with my gtx 1050 graphic card."
,Recommended,403640,30179621,Posted: 25 February,all,Duo Vandal,"Rapid Review after two full Playthroughs as both characters with both High/Low endings.Pros:-Faithful Sequel to the Original Game-Gameplay remains intact with improvements-New Powers-Two Characters to choose from-Great Story Length-Fun action via High Chaos-Complex thinking via Low Chaos-Connected Lore between Games, tons of new Lore-3 Total Endings (1 Hidden)-No Powers Option-Playing HUDless is really fun-Custom Difficulty Mode-New Game+ (Unlocks access to Powers from BOTH Characters)-Chapter SelectCons:-Very Hard not challenging enough-Voice Actors can fall flat sometimes-Music via Musicians is cut off abruptly via directional viewing-Parry/Counter Attack is limit of Swordplay-Not all gadgets feel needed when Sword and Bow/Gun do the work faster-Emily's powers feel weaker compared to Corvo-Dialogue is roughly similar between characters, only changing via Low/High Chaos playthroughs-Few Performance issues, hit or miss on whether these affect youTL;DR - If you liked and enjoyed Dishonored 1 then this game is what you are looking for in a sequel. If you had no interest in the franchise or didn't enjoy the first game, it's okay."
,Recommended,403640,26584778,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,OhThatsFoxy,"So I'm here to throw my ten pence into the pot as it seems like a lot of people are just salty about optimisation issues and such and are ruining the image of what is, to me and apparently my pc, a perfectly fine and beautiful game.I have finished my first run of the game (Low chaos) And I am currently partaking in my no kills, ghost playthrough, so my review will be based off a very low chaos angle, maybe optimisation is poor with a lot of bodies around or something.OPTIMISATION ISSUES: Now I have an i7 processor and a Nvidia GTX 970, and I have played through the entire game without a single drop below 60, which is curious to me as people with hardware much higher than mine are reporting issues. It's hard to call in this situation, but I have had no issues with optimisation myself, so it's worth giving it a go and if it's absolutely atrocious on your pc then you can refund it, I'd guess. A neutral point.STORY: So with optimisation kerfuffles out of the way, let's focus on the first major thing about this game, the story and the world surrounding it. I think it's pretty marvellous. I won't put any spoilers or hints at the story as it's one of those that you really wouldn't find engaging if people told you what's going on. Is it as strong as dishonored 1's story? I wouldn't say so, however it is not far behind at all, and is still great. So it's a thumbs up from here!GAMEPLAY: The gameplay on this is sublime. It's just as good as the first game's gameplay, and I have quicksaved a few times to give combat a go, and the gorey and horrific deaths you inflict onto people doing their jobs and duty guarding a helpless city are ever so satisfying. (Especially if that guard spotted you the last five attmepts you tried to sneak past him, forcing you to reload). Powers are good, however, without trying out Corvo, many of Emily's powers seem a little useless, at least to a low chaos run, with only far reach, dark vision and occasionally shadow walk coming in handy. Many aren't a neccesity to play through the game, and are simply a way of spicing things up. I don't know how I feel about that exactly, yet this technically the case in dishonored 1 too, however a little less so. When I've done a high chaos run I'm sure I'll have a more firm idea on how I feel about it, but for now mark me down as skeptical. Yet gameplay as a whole is great, and par the powers it's a big thumbs up from here!The game is great. I'm sure if you've had optimisation issues then it would be horribly frustrating, but from somebody who hasn't had that problem, I must say it's very good, and I would have to recommend. You might as well give it a go, no? The worst thing you'd have to do is send for a refund.Go play this! Maybe wait for a patch! Who knows? Who cares?"
76561197990129012,Not Recommended,403640,28137146,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,AGzard,Don't buy if not -50%
,Not Recommended,403640,33199425,Posted: 3 July,all,Mojomancer,"Runs terribly regardless of game settings, tested on three high end PCs.Wait until the devs patch it."
76561197970925357,Not Recommended,403640,26640342,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,tri2h8it,"Graphics are good, immersion is good, storyline is good. The reason I'm not recommending this game is because you play an assassin with the power to stop time, who must move through the world choke holding and sleep darting everyone for fear of getting a 'skeptical ending'. It's like playing Gran Turismo and getting fined for speeding, not fun."
,Not Recommended,403640,30979053,Posted: 6 April,all,Stian,"5 Months after release and it still runs poorly, I expected more from the developers.Even at sale I wouldn't recommend buying."
76561197997135515,Not Recommended,403640,31026122,Posted: 8 April,all,bernieharshman,I played through the first three chapters without problems then two minutes in to chapter 4 the game starts shutting down. No error codes or warnings it just dissapears. Bethesda was no help at all. I sent in my msinfo and dxdiag files and they still tried to blame it on my system even though I meet or exceed all the requirements. I guess the game is already to old for any decent support. Why bother having system requirements if you don't stand behind them.
76561198036640390,Not Recommended,403640,26527422,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,MuskySlyStoat,"Can't even get it on the screen, well did the first time I loaded it up, then I came out of the game to check something, ever since then it seems to be forcing my screen into 4k res and the game does'nt show on screen or through speaker! I've tried resetting all my settings to no avail, hope this game gets a fix soon since it's full release is tomorrow!I have an i7-6700k, 32GB RAM and a GTX 980 Ti god damn it work!!!Ok so tried again on official release day, still have'nt played a single minute of the game, the game still keeps forcing another resolution and not appearing on screen and no sound to be heard either, i think its refund time! It says I have 27 minutes of gameplay, I can assure you none of that time was spent in the actual game!"
,Not Recommended,403640,28660167,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Cro,"Dishonored was, and is, my all-time favorite game.Dishonored 2 breaks my heart, because it is virtually unplayable due to being so horribly optimized - even on the lowest possible settings (GTX 960).I'm disappointed in Arkane and Bethesda, but I'm sad too, because I had such high hopes for this sequel. I hope in time it will be better and I can enjoy this game for it's story, atmosphere, and mechanics rather than have to worry about it's performance."
,Recommended,403640,28981597,Posted: 3 January,all,Ushio,After 5 months.. finally this game is optimized
76561198006621211,Recommended,403640,30684368,Posted: 23 March,all,"I, Corgi","Is Dishonored 2 a great stealth game? Definitely. Level design here is good at its worst and phenomenal at its best. Attention to small detail both in visual design and gameplay, pleasant reactivity, all of it builds up to present a memorable world. Two playable characters to choose from, each with unique powers, new game+ options, replay value is high indeed.Does it have a story? Yes, it does... I guess? With its key moments often feeling hilariously rushed (traditional coup out of nowhere! vintage Dishonored!). It is also, apparently, heavily based on Brigmore Witches dlc for the original game, which I didn't play. At least the support cast of villains and vigilantes is fairly colourful.Is it still, at this point, a shabby port? Evidently it is. It ran acceptable-ish for me on 1070, with some annoying texture/shadow popping in here and there, but a lot of people still struggle with running it well.And now that we're done with the rubbish questions, let's answer a real one:is Dishonored 2 a good prosecutor experience?As you know, or will know in a moment (patience!), early on in Dishonored games you're granted the Heart artifact (see, patience paid off! But what a masterful use of foreshadowing on my part, eh?). Aside from irrelevant to the present prosecutorial topic uses, the Heart serves to tell you secrets. Point it at anyone*, right click and learn of this person's most shameful deeds! And what do you do with this knowledge? Why, you prosecute, swiftly and relentlessly! This is your chance to be Miles Edgeworth on a rampage! Being judgemental is a tremendously popular pastime after all, try it out!*There're some exceptions to this common rule. The Heart cannot read the hidden thoughts of:A) Dogs. Because, obviously, all dogs are saints and keep no dark secrets, as canine author of this most marvelous review can testify.B) Mechanical soldiers, but those murderous clockwork beauties look highly trustworthy anyway.C) Rats and bloodflies, because they're terrible bores.Of course, in a decadent society that Dishonored 2 portrays, almost everyone is guilty of some misdeed or other. And so it falls to you to serve some justice, preferably poetic and in style.This dock worker sabotaged a ship with murderous intentions? Guilty! Off into the canal waters he goes, then!This officer tests out fancy torture devices on prisoners? Guilty! Let's test this springrazor contraption on him!This lady murdered her father's dog? Double guilty! Beware the anger of a gentle corgi. Knock the murderous lass over a balustrade by throwing an unconscious dog at her (the dog volunteered, I assure you)!This guard kicked a neighbour's child? Well now, I hardly see anything wrong with that, I don't like kids myself. Pass.Some additional examples of the Heart's insights:""He tied the baker and covered him with confectioner's glaze. Then he let the rats do the rest."" - guilty of squander, there're starving children on the streets who could've used a bite of a delicious glazed baker.""He cuts off an ear from each victim. Right ear for men, left ear for women."" - guilty of sexism, clearly both ears should be cut off regardless of gender.""He makes sure the guilty ones don't make it back out on the streets. And he always thinks they're guilty."" - guilty of being a goddamn copycat.To summarise: Dishonored 2 is a thoroughly satisfying prosecutorial experience of dispensing justice. This review is found guilty of being extremely useful."
76561198070140478,Recommended,403640,27532955,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Slug,Can't Stop Won't Stop
,Recommended,403640,30202990,Posted: 26 February,all,KK,"Gameplay: AmazingStory: Good, but could be betterOptimization: N/A"
,Recommended,403640,26749890,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,hehe xd,"I absolutely love this game, just as I loved the first one. The story was good, despite having some plot holes, but the characters, powers and art are truly fascinating. One should play a game for it's story, for the gameplay, not for playing it on 1080@144. I have a medium spec rig, and had no problems with the game, and after the update it was even better. So if you are considering to buy it, try it first, there is a demo, don't listen to those who are ranting on the forums.Highly recommended if you enjoyed Dishonored 1."
,Recommended,403640,33099313,Posted: 1 July,all,ϯDarkAssassinϯ,i really love dishonored series and i will say this game was good as the dishonored 1 the only think dishonored 2 have some bugs but thats not mean make this game bad :D i hope they will fix those bugs
76561198044113207,Recommended,403640,32841146,Posted: 26 June,all,Vision821,"You heard about the issues when this game launched. I purchased 6/26/2017, run max settings perfectly. If that is a worry, don't be, also if you have an older cpu, you have a lot of room in the settings to downgrade to make it look like the first Dishonored, which quite honestly, is still cool and looks good enough. Will it be the same as the first game?The first Dishonored why use stealth? Better story ending, but not as fun, right? Well this time around you can use non-lethal attacks, even AFTER a fight kicks off! You can also jump on them from above and do a non-lethal knock out! These few mechanics completely change the game for the better I think. Besides throwing items to get enemy attention, they have alarm clocks you can set, and then hide when they go off and ambush the AI that come to check out the noise!! That is so much fun!!! If it seems like it takes a lot of skill to do that kind of playing, don't worry it doesn't. If you are on the fence, you will not be disappointed. The story makes sense and leaves where we left of in Dishonored 2. VERY HAPPY!"
,Recommended,403640,33150840,Posted: 2 July,all,obsidian.exe,"Has anyone noticed that Delilah is just like Voldemort. With all those powers and her witch followers (Death Eaters). Oh, and she made a Horcrux..."
,Recommended,403640,32894859,Posted: 27 June,all,.tv/Dragoniiro,I recommend this game
,Recommended,403640,33288982,Posted: 5 July,all,satsun,"I enjoyed Dishonored 2, the story is good and gets you fired-up; I went on a murderous rampage because I felt greatly betrayed, but if I didn't have a too many other games to play I would definitely go through again and do a less lethal run. If you liked the first game, this is more of the same with a different story.Performance wasn't bad, but I had to compromise on some settings to get consistent performance. I'm on a GTX 1080 at 1440p, I set the game to frame limit at 105 FPS and use the dynamic resolution option, and I was able to get mostly smooth performance with good visuals.If you liked the first game, you'll like the sequel."
76561198054538711,Recommended,403640,28716803,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Preceptorbat,"What a fantastic game.Excluding the PC performance / technical issues.Dark, moody and sinister atmosphere. Excellent stealth gameplay in accordance with the level design. The story is great as well. Also Emily and Corvo are strong protagonists. I think other characters were sidelined a little, but still they were pretty solid characters. I think the supernatural powers are well designed.There are at least two levels in the game with the most original ideas that i've ever played in a game. It's a pretty long game for a single player as well. I was able to achieve the best ending. Not sure about the other ending. This is first person stealth done right. Back in the 2000s when Looking Glass studio (Thief series developer) was closed, a number of employees went into Arkane Studios, i really, really hope that Arkane Studio develops the next Thief game, hopefully Square Enix at some point sits with Arkane Studios heads and plan the next Thief sequel, because Arkane is capable of making some great stealth gameplay and story. Thief under Arkane Studios will be an excellent game i'm sure.Now as far as technical issues are concerned, the three patches they released did stabilize the game, but know this that this game will not run on Very High or Ultra settings on anything below the new 10 series Nvidia cards. Even on a GTX 980 this game will run with a mix of Medium and High settings.Just get this game to experience the gripping story and some awesome stealth gameplay."
76561198121273510,Not Recommended,403640,28622441,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,John Kebana,poor framerate even on low settings. very unusual for a pc that can smoothly run games such as ark on ultra graphic settings.
76561198141250863,Not Recommended,403640,28960009,Posted: 2 January,all,Prime Minister Sinister,"I REALLY don't want to give it a thumbs down. I loved Dishonored 1, and I'm enjoying 2 when it runs smoothly, but it rarely does. Started running it on ultra: it was terrible. Ran it on medium: it was barely better. Absolutly no game should have these kinds of stuttering problems, let alone a AAA stealth game. I egarly await a patch, but until then, I can't recommend it."
,Recommended,403640,28976664,Posted: 3 January,all,REEEEEEEEEEEE,Masterpiece !
76561198217117005,Recommended,403640,28542887,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Cuboyd,"This is an incredible game and my top game of the year without a doubt. That being said I played it several times before the optimization update came out. I got pretty choppy FPS, but could deal with it for the time being. The update finally came out and I was so excited to play this at its best performance. I started up the game, loaded a save and it immediately crashed. This has been very consistant and I cannot possibly get the game to work at the moment. They should have given this release a slight push and work on the optimization a bit more. I very much reccomend playing this game when it finally works."
,Recommended,403640,28982612,Posted: 3 January,all,PaPaBert,"It's is perfect game , i really enjoy it awesome graphic and gameplayi finish game right now , i just can say creators put such mastery ideas in this game you can't find anywhere else ,specialy in mission 7 i can only imagine how much energy and talent creators put in that level"
,Recommended,403640,28919373,Posted: 1 January,all,Traitor Sam,"Good game, a really smooth game since updates and a great sequel to the last amazing game. All in all, would recommend!"
76561197989509057,Recommended,403640,32864252,Posted: 27 June,all,w00t?!,If you liked the first game buy it.
,Recommended,403640,29727359,Posted: 5 February,all,Sgt. Whitten Miskers III,When this game first came out of the gates at release it was painful to say the least. It was playable for me but I have a lot of patience. For some it was a nightmare of frames in the single or low double digits. With a load of other performance issues. But now it runs excellently and is very playable. I've beaten the game both as Emily and Corvo and I recommend if you purchase or have purchased this you do the same. It's the same story but a very different experience. Now I am on my third playthrough trying out the New Game+ mode that gives you access to both Emily and Corvo's supernatural powers and all of the previous bonecharms and runes from your last playthrough. A definite must play. Get it when you can
76561197982743720,Recommended,403640,28686987,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,MustardDragon,"I was quite upset with how poorly this game ran at launch. It soured my feelings on the game for quite a while. Fortunately, once the performance issues were resolved I had a blast with Dishonored 2. It improves on the original in a ton of ways while also expanding the lore and size of the world.If you are on the fence about getting this, I don't blame you. I would say grab it for sure if your PC 'agrees' with it.One of the best games of 2016."
,Recommended,403640,33244011,Posted: 4 July,all,Parker_F,okay bethesda i love your games and all but you guys need to make another patch for preformance and audio the game is fun and all but the preformance ruins it for gamers when the cal barley run games on good computers i dont see why a game like this need such a high level cpu gpu and ram your recomended is 8gb vram which not alot of people have acsess to. people with this game still get lower than 60fps on this game. fix this please. we dpnt expect or care for the small details that use gpu and cpu power ram is exceptable beacuse of the file size and most people have 16gb of ram but seriously think of the larger comunity of computers than the smaller ones.
,Recommended,403640,33120307,Posted: 2 July,all,Bear,It's just like Dishonored but better in a lot of ways gameplay-wise. Amazing follow-up to the original installment. Dishonored 2 is a must-have if you loved the first Dishonored.
,Not Recommended,403640,29004470,Posted: 4 January,all,sprinkets,"Seems like a cool game, but still plagued with performance issues. Not easily playable."
,Recommended,403640,28730723,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Mr. Sir Shpee,"Dishonored 2 is an admirable sequel and improves on everything that made Dishonored 1 a fantastic game. Outside of the story, which is pretty hit or miss, everything is a definite step up. Almost every mission in the game is as good as or better than the best missions in Dishonored 1. Both characters are very satisfying to play and have good lethal and nonlethal applications, giving a lot of replay value. The addition of NG+ adds even more replayability and lets you try and max out all your powers at some point.Combat is one of the big improvements. Nonlethal combat is now a very viable and powerful playstyle, which was one of the few gripes I had with the original game. The upgrade system for weapons has been improved and expanded upon, adding more applications to the crossbow and pistol as well as upgrades for equipment like grenades, mines, etc.Bonecharm crafting is one of the better abilities in the game to purchase, and allows you to really specialize your playstyle. You can stack charms up to 4 times using certain perks, and this can lead to mana potions restoring the entire bar everytime you use them, moving at nearly sprinting speeds while crouching, getting pretty decent chances to recover sleep darts, etc etc etc.The level design really shines here. As I said before, almost every mission here stands up to the best from D1 and in several cases surpasses them. The levels get very creative and unique at times. The Clockwork Mansion and A Crack in the Slab are some of the best video game levels in recent memory and are executed very well as a whole.Now for the bad parts.The performance on PC is absolutely not up to par. Arkane is in the process of fixing it and I have faith that at some point it will be better, but as of right now it does have some issues. I've completed the game twice now while playing at a lower resolution to achieve a good framerate on a PC that barely meets the minimum, but I was able to bump my settings up to medium. It seems that resolution is the main culprit in terms of performance hits, at least in my case. Your mileage may vary. Good thing we have a refund system, right?With that said, the worst performing parts of the game are in the first two levels. One cutscene in the opening sequence runs awfully and then parts of the 2nd mission, Edge of the World, do too. The rest of the game runs much better, I've found. I was able to attain playable framerates (generally around 60fps) at 800p with a GTX660 and an AMD FX4300 with 8GB RAM. Turning up to my native resolution of 1920x1200 dropped my frames by quite a bit. Now that I've upgraded to a GTX 1060 it's running better but I've not played much of it on this card yet.In summary, it's a marvelous sequel that is every bit as good as its predecessor and even better in some ways, but it is plagued by performance issues. I'm going to say ""Yes"" to this game, but that is solely based on the content of it. I strongly suggest you try this game out to see how it runs for you. If you can, try to get to mission 3 before refunding, as the performance picks up there.Rating: 9/10Pros:Great visualsAmazing gameplay and level designGood sequelCons:Optimization and performance issues."
,Recommended,403640,29024407,Posted: 4 January,all,Sharpslice,"simply amazing. The graphics are nice, the stealth system is absolutely spot on. The level design is the best i ever seen in a video game that just warrents replayability. Definitely reccomend this game for any Dishonored 1 fans and any fans of the stealth genre"
,Recommended,403640,32940946,Posted: 28 June,all,lewislucas,When it came out it had poor fps but playing it again now with updates everything seem to run smooth
76561198175018157,Not Recommended,403640,26570805,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Amadeus Vult,"the game does not work, i am a big fan of dishonored 1 and i am dissapointed this game does not work. hopefully the next update works, it it does not then i will refund it"
76561197960320995,Not Recommended,403640,26520656,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Mataleon,"LOVE THIS GAME. Now thats said... Its getting a thumbs down for me until they optimize better.I got a monster of a computer, 32 gb ram, 1080's x 2 in SLI (not that it supports SLI so im running on 1) etc etc.I still havent gotten my fps under 60 in ANY game, or 80-90 for that matter, but this game, ACtually at times run at 40 fps.Which is just unacceptable. Fix this, and i'll give this game a 9/10 which i think it deserves."
76561198059810050,Not Recommended,403640,26550904,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Scrub Lord Bruic,"I really want to like this game, but I can't even play it. I heard some people only get a black screen, I've not made it that far. This game just doesn't launch. Maybe I'll change this if I get a chance to play the actual game."
,Not Recommended,403640,26793211,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,FaderMat,"Bought it, everything was laggy despite me ignoring negative reviews.Waited for patch to fix it, was 4.3g.Start it, 30fps main menu ""oh boy""Load game, 20-25 fpsCome on..."
,Not Recommended,403640,26568112,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Gressplen,"Doesnt even start. Loading bar with Corvo and Emily in the background, and when it finishes it just flickers on my screen, i cant go further than this. Honestly?"
76561198089717779,Not Recommended,403640,26570297,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Patricia,Betapatch didn't do anything. Don't get your hopes up for the next one either
,Not Recommended,403640,26571513,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Toaster Boy,"Dishonored 2 was fairly disappointing, The game had so much potential, but it honestly felt like the game was incomplete. A lot of things went unexplained and there were many things that would literally make no difference to the game of they had been left out (Nest Keepers for instance). Like the original Dishonored, the plot was extremely straight forward and basic and the end boss fight in Dishonored 2 was very similar to the final boss fight in the Brigmore Witches DLC for the original game. It felt as though Arkane took the potential of what the game could've been and shaved it down to what the original Dishonored was, AND IT WAS 60 DOLLARS.Dishonored 2 could've been a slightly more expensive DLC with slightly better graphics."
76561198033248900,Not Recommended,403640,26542048,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Troubler,Performance issues should not be this much of an issue at this stage of development (completion). The story seem very interesting and i would love to play it however the performance is pretty unplayable.
76561198043337037,Not Recommended,403640,26544290,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Macha the Temptress,"It can't even get past the laggy choppy main-menu before crashing.My laptop runs plenty of other high-quality games with no issue or lag.I have above minimum requirements.They released a game before it was complete, which seems to be popular among developers lately.Nope, save your $60 for a game that actually works.One of the biggest disappointments of the year."
76561198064502423,Not Recommended,403640,26696889,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Godfather,"""Graphics: NVIDIA GTX 660 2GB/AMD Radeon HD 7970 3GB or better""Someone at Bethesda must have forgotten to playtest this game on PC, it is like they finished the game and went ""Hey it's done wanna go get cookies and release?"" ""Have we tested it?"" ""Yeah yeah on Xbone and PS4, it's all good, now lets get them cookies C;"""
,Not Recommended,403640,26531335,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Fliteless,"If you have an AMD Phenom II processor, the game will crash after the initial loading screen."
,Not Recommended,403640,26532969,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,is that him,Really bad performance. Getting as low as 10fps in combat with an r9 280x and an i7-3770 4x3.50ghz
,Not Recommended,403640,26524348,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,ThePeasant,"Short and Sweet.i7 4790k 4.4 ghz, 32gb 1866 mhz, Titan X SC.Ultra settings, 110 FOV, Nvidia HBAO+ (OFF) = 60+ FPS (Supposedly according to monitor.)Executions are ♥♥♥♥♥♥ic.Graphics themselves are horrendous. Blurry, loses focus on anything not 1-3 feet within view, in 100% honesty Dishonored 1 looks better and feels more fluid.DO NOT buy until they put in MAJOR effort on fixing the blurry graphical problems.(-1 hr played, played until I could test the ""Open World"" graphics. Will return and update when patch is released and I finish the game.)"
,Not Recommended,403640,26525309,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Jiggles,Do not believe the positive reviews saying the port has been fixed. It is still very much a mess unless you have the highest end system possible.I love the first game and it pains me that I have to be so upset about this technical attrocity.
,Not Recommended,403640,26525564,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,ThatJesusGuy,I love the dishonored franchise and bethesda really let everyone down here. Ive heard of poor performance issues and not had them myslef. This is because the game crashes aftrr the first loading screen. What the ♥♥♥♥ bethesda.
76561197960803006,Not Recommended,403640,26526003,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,billy_uno,"I really want to play this game, but so far the framerate has rendered it unplayable for me at least. For reference my spec are:Cpu: Core i7-3770K @3.5GhzRam: 16 GbGpu: GeForce GTX 1080I've uploaded a very short video of the game on full recommended settings, and on very low.https://youtu.be/Kf5FPqr4LWAHope this helps!"
,Not Recommended,403640,26526212,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,MaroBaro,"hi guys, i've enjoyed the first dishonored quite a lot, this one not so much. we've had some stellar stealth games since then and this has barely improved since the first one.stealth is kind a flawed, i've been noticed when i should not have and not been noticed when i should have. sometimes you stealth kill someone and sometimes you just hit them with your sword.the levels are still pretty much corridor puzzles, only sometimes you can choose the corridor. we have had some great stealth games since dishonored was released such as mgs5 and hitman, and regardless whether you liked them or not both of those give you a big sandbox to work in and everything works as expected. what i mean is in dishonored level there be 5 doors and only 1 of them will let you thru, in hitman and mgs5 if there is a door you can go thru it. there is also an awful lot of scripting going on. when you get to the next corridor there will usually be 2-4 guards and they will have a little conversation and then they will all go in different directions by themselves and then you have to kill them/knock them out/sneak past them to get to the next corridor.there are countless bugs both with controls and ai such as leaning being pretty much broken (or working really dumb) plus ai getting stuck, noticing you thru walls, and so on and so forth.powers are still fun but i wish we had better levels and controls to use them fully.graphics are pretty washed out even on ultimate and 3k, however killing peeps is still looks awesome and the art style is dope. sounds is cool but buggy as you can sometimes hear people far away like they are next to you and things like that.and as everyone else has said game is horribly optimized, i have 1080 sli and it is choppy and the fps is all over the place regardless of quality. it also seems that the mouse movement is tied to the fps so it tends to mini pause when looking around.overall, the game did not advance while the genre did with corridor puzzle levels and heavy ai scripting, it is fairly buggy and horribly optimized, graphics are very washed out and the jumping fps is not helping. the art and killing enemies is great.bottom line  i don't think this game is worth it, even if you don't care about the money, there are better games you can be playing."
76561198201476019,Not Recommended,403640,26534475,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Mom's Spaghetti,"I need some help , I was getting errors when starting the game and i managed to get past that but now the game loads up , goes through all the developer icons and then boom just straight up crashes without an error or anything... please someone help i spent $80 on this and i really loved the first one so i wanna play it"
,Not Recommended,403640,26549021,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Enigma,"Yet another poorly optimized game woot woot. From what ive played, the game seems amazing gameplay, designwise,etc. Game looks great, same dishonored artstyle. I just cant stand the choppy fps and mouse issues. Reducing the settings changes nothing, constant 20-40 fps.Devs said it will be patched soon lets hope so, till then dont buy. Although it's running poorly for like half the playerbase it might run fine for u, its a gamble. Was going to be getting Prey probly not anymore. Then to top it off the game goes on ♥♥♥♥ing sale 3 weeks later, a little ♥♥♥♥ you to early buyers. Wouldve prefered to waste 40 rather than 60 bucks on this trash.  Ty Bethesda."
76561198024826675,Not Recommended,403640,26550266,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Dark Josh NZ,Runs too poorly to enjoy the game. Wait for patch to see if its worth buying
76561198084161471,Not Recommended,403640,26572499,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Tachanka,"At the moment the game is unplayable for me and will not run very well at all, and the story of how you get ""Dishonored"" Is really ♥♥♥♥ing stupid."
,Not Recommended,403640,26525506,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Crazy_Owl,"Pros:+ Learned how to manually stop Windows 7 Update Service+ After spending 30 minutes installing updates for Windows and drivers manually, I've managed to finally launch the game+ Watched a great intro with various logos of developers/publishersCons:- Game crashes after logo intros10/10 would buy again if I couldP.S. Hope this issue gets fixed so I can actually try the game."
,Not Recommended,403640,26531168,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,RussianPrince,Crashes on one of the opening scenes. Game FPS tanks all the time.
,Not Recommended,403640,26516638,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,N1ghtStr1ke44,"Well I'll be god damned. I bought this before the specs were released (A major lesson to learn here, kids! Never pre-order games) and now I can't even get past the Bethesda logo animation. Although this is mostly my fault for having a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ computer, but this is ridiculous. I mean, the graphics are insanely high and I can't do♥♥♥♥♥♥about it. So I'll probably be playing this 5 years later after I get a better computer.Now let me go cry in a corner."
76561198020012091,Not Recommended,403640,26525158,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Jimbo,"My system is well above the minimum specs for the game, but it is literally unplayable. The FPS drop to less than 10 frames in some scenes with the lowest possible graphics settings at 1080p resolution..FX-9590 4.7 ghzRadeon 290x16 gb ram"
,Not Recommended,403640,26525253,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Cold,"Hold out for the patch, unless your gaming on hardware that doesn't exist yet."
76561198025403580,Not Recommended,403640,26525304,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Thesausage,"I have 2 GTX 980s in SLI. I never have problems hitting 100+ FPS in any type of game on ultra at 1440p.In Dishonored 2, I have problems maintaining 20 FPS in any outside area on high.I love Dishonored, but I refunded this piece of garbage and will wait for GOTY edition to try again."
76561198140114840,Not Recommended,403640,26525324,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Xerxes83,"The way it is ""optimized"" for PC is an insult."
,Not Recommended,403640,26526008,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Digmbot,"Runs like♥♥♥♥♥on PC. I'd review the gameplay, but its to stuttery for me to do anything.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wrzc-fN70kI"
,Not Recommended,403640,26529105,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,hentai.,"I have now uninstalled this game. I rather liked the game as a 'game.' The mechanics are good. It (I think) plays well. However, I cannot recommend it currently. I have a rather powerful system. I am using a 980ti and it has never failed me before. I'm using an i7 6700k which has always done me well. This games performance, however, can be ranked among the stars of Arkham Knight and XCOM 2. It starts off well enough. The tutorial is fine. I had 130 fps consistently and it played well on ultra, visually. Then in the first area after this, I had 80 fps average. Fine, alright. I can take a hit and not be bothered. It's still above 60. Then comes in area number two and obliterates my fps to a level at which I uninstalled the game. It is unplayable at its current state. And that's just the fps.Somehow, I heard it best in a review for this game earlier by Dr.Larry; the framerate seems to have some control over your mouse sensitivity which is the most atrocious feeling when trying to play a game that fluctuates in framerate. But not in ways you'd expect. It isn't something I can give a difinitive answer on so I won't try but just know it's quite hard to ignore. I had some really bad crashing issues for a bit but that seemed to be more so due to my multi-monitor setup. Be warned that you may come into contact with similar issues. Also, it seems to me that the game was designed with a controller in mind unfortunately. There are a lot more selection wheels than I'd like to see in a pc game and the mouse controls are just uncomfortable. When you swim, your sensitivity is fractioned and I know that isn't uncommon practice but it is so hugely affective that it starts to feel jarring and annoying.Now, with all of that; with the fps problems, the possible console-pc port, the chugging, the crashes; my biggest god d**ned issue with this game... I say this as a HUGE fan of the previous game... the absolutely abysmal voice acting and plot contrivances. Dear god, did no one explain to these VO standins that cadance was a thing you could do? Did no one ask for emotion? Or even a second take? God, even Corvo, easily the most important to get, seeing as he's established and wasn't voiced before, is awful! He's maybe even one of the worst performances. Emily is okay. Still not great but she's slightly better. But Corvo is so unforgivably bad that I nearly turned off voice and turned on subs. On top of this, they have this weird way of retconning little tropes into this game that weren't in the original. I don't want to spoil anything, no matter how early it is in game so...Corvo isn't supposed to be Emily's f***ing father, right? And he may have had a thing with the empress at the start of Dishonored but I didn't think it was like ""we have a child together."" They hammer in the whole ""corvo is my father"" thing and it just doesn't seem to work. Especially when our drive to save Emily in the first game wasn't at all driven by her being (or not being) our daughter. Screw it, though.On the note of dialogue, there seems to be a good bit of unnecessary exposition in this game that could have easily been done over with, I don't know, competent writing, a better pace, and less shoehorning. Maybe.So, TL;DR, I'm a salty fan who hates lazy writing and Dishonored 2 is a badly optimized pile of garbo with lazy writing, for now. Wait until it can run well, or at all, before you go buying this bad sequel to a wonderful gem of a videogame.(PS. I've returned to the first one.)EDIT: As of 11/16/16, this is still not playable even on low settings. If I may say, this is ridiculous when I can go play Battlefield 1 on ultra at 98~ fps which itself wasn't even a great port. Not awful but certainly not great. Arkane, Bethesda, please. We obviously want to play your game. I would have given up on this if it were some generic title like Mafia 3 or CoD 86 but it isn't. Your gameplay is superb. I just wish I could see it in more than 20fps."
,Not Recommended,403640,26526929,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Alecus,"Alright, it's been 1 week since release and the first patch is out. It still doesn't work for me, since I have an older CPU, just like many other people.I still can't get to the menu without this game crashing.The game seems fantastic, but unless you have a really good pc, don't bother. It will be a few months before a patch that makes the game compatible with older CPU's, but by then most people will have gotten a refund, like I plan to do."
76561198055565856,Not Recommended,403640,27457436,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,The Bran of Zyzz,"Personally love the dishonoured series, and the story so far is fantastic. But it is completely broken in its current state, will not reccomend on pc untill they fix it."
76561198240081752,Not Recommended,403640,27808822,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Mr Mookster,"This is terrible.I've waited weeks and this game is still unplayable. Performance is terrible. Disappointing that Arkane would release such a mess on PC, wait until you can't find reviews complaining about performance, then still be wary, then maybe purchase the game."
76561197977881160,Not Recommended,403640,27919057,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Brodo Swaggins,"Completely unplayable right now. Load times (including quickloads!) in excess of 5 minutes, massive frame rate drops on lowest graphical settings. All other games run smooth as butter. Unacceptable.How have they not fixed these issues yet?Also, The team still apparently hasn't figured out how to write a decent script. The whole intro sequence is hilariously bad - no pacing, no character development, just a series of exposition dumps. The voice actors aren't helping either."
76561198042286792,Not Recommended,403640,27756785,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,vinkosm,I should be able to run this. Terribly optimised but great game
76561197972289431,Not Recommended,403640,28110983,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Windows Vista,"Game was crashing on startup. I enabled the beta patch, and now it crashes during the first cutscene. If I skip the scene, it crashes when I select a character to play. All settings are on LOW. Literally unplayable.DO NOT PURCHASE UNTIL GAME IS FULLY PATCHED."
,Not Recommended,403640,28211312,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Spooky Scary Socialist,"TL;DR: Wait until it's fixed, read more if you want to see other issues I have with the game------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------The game is awesome. It's tense, got a cool story and good characters and solid combat.However, this game is a horrible port. Framerate issues up the♥♥♥♥♥(i7-4790k, GTX 1070), graphically washed out with bad textures and a few bugs.Also, why do enemies have superhuman senses on the lowest difficulty? And before you get all ""You're just bad at the game"" on me, I mainly play on higher difficulties, it just seems weird that stealth on easy is exactly the same as stealth on the hardest difficulty.ALSO, LACK OF BEING ABLE TO REPLAY A LEVEL!!! WTF!!! What if I accidently kill someone when I didn't mean to? I can't replay a level unless I go back to an old save.Anyways, until this game is fixed, don't buy it."
,Not Recommended,403640,28211548,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Holdy Flappy Folds,"I AM PUTTING THE FACT THAT I LOVE THIS GAME ASIDE FOR THIS REVIEW.THIS IS PURELY REVIEWING THE STATE OF THIS GAME IN TERMS OF OPTIMIZATIONI may have a gtx 1070 and an i7, but this game runs pretty mediocre. I usually see framerates between 40 and 55.These don't seem that bad, but it is if you consider my rig. Regardless the graphics settings, i still maintain the SAME FRAMERATES. Medium gets me 40-55 and so does high and ultra. Lowering resolution does not help.This just confirms the horrendous optimization. It is a shame, I LOVED THIS GAME, but we cannot tolerate the laziness that shows in the performance of this game on the developers part. Nice job with no beta testing, Bethesda."
,Not Recommended,403640,28212446,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Biggus_Dickus,"This would be a great game if it weren't so thoroughly broken. I've been playing for just under 3 hours now, and I've already encountered two different bugs that prevent me from getting past the third level. The real shame of it is that the game itself--while lacking the mind-blowing (bullshot) visuals of the trailer--or, what little of the game I been able to get through has been extremely enjoyable.Each of the powers handles smoothly and they are all wickedly fun to play with. The level design has vastly improved over the first game, with a ton of different ways to get into/out of most areas (It feels like you're navigating around, you know, a city, not gambling on whether or not corvo feels like grabbing a f---ing balcony). Speaking of, The parkour features are DAMN good! They took the double-jump/ snap-grab function from DOOM and incorporated sprinting, sliding and vaulting over obstacles, and it actually handles like it should! Well done, Bethesda!Oh, nevermind. This plot critical NPC won't acknowledge me.Look, I love bethesda. I'm not picking on Bethesda. This is a problem with the industry as a whole, and it needs to stop. Don't sell people a product that doesn't work! It's that simple, and it's my personal advice to anyone who's interested in buying: wait until the game works. It'd definitely be worth full price if everything functioned like it should. But as it stands the price they're asking just isn't worth it.I get that games  are expected to have glitches, and that continued support is meant to ""iron out"" these little bugs here and there as they become apparent. But if a game can be rendered flat-out unplayable just by trying to play it, well...that needs to be fixed before you start charging people money for it.That's akin to me saying:""Dude, I just bought this ♥♥♥♥♥in' Ferrari! It doesn't run, and it cost as much as every other high-end car, but the guys who sold it to me swear they'll have it running in a few weeks or so. And don't worry! MOST Ferrari's that come out now have serious issues when you buy them. It's to be expected!""And to think some publishers have the actual stones to accuse steam sales of killing the industry."
76561198038786343,Not Recommended,403640,27876417,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,HitmanTwoOneActual,"Very disappointed with the PC performance for this game since its release. It's important to note that I don't consider myself to be a snobby, ""4K 60fps or bust"" kind of player. With that being said, I truly consider this game to be unplayable for me right now. This is incredibly disappointing considering how much I enjoyed Dishonored 1. The framerate fluctuations and horrible aliasing make for a terrible experience. Bethesda needs to fix this quickly."
,Not Recommended,403640,28328201,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Big Mike,"Really fun game when it actually works, but even after the 1.3 update, the framerate is still ♥♥♥♥♥♥ enough to say it doesn't work. My rig runs games like The Witcher 3 perfectly fine at High Settings, but the only way to even try playing this game is to set everything to ""Very Low."" Even then, the choppiness is unacceptable.TD;DR: I hate saying this about a dishonored game, but don't bother buying this until you can get it for $15."
,Not Recommended,403640,26520623,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Zimbalion,unplayable at launch day. I'm very disappointed.
,Not Recommended,403640,26523263,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Judge MC Sesh,"Currently gutted with this game, I had it pre-ordered since the first day you could place orders.My PC specs are well above the minimum requirement, most of my games run at 100fps, easily.However, the game would not even get past the starting menu... It kept constantly crashing. To make sure it wasn't my laptop, I loaded up some of my other games, which work fine as usual. Made sure my drivers were up to date etc, restarted my PC, and still, I could not get past the start up screen, which took 5 minutes to load in the first place.I have seen game play though, and it's amazing.I wouldn't recommend this game in it's current state. Luckily steam have refunded me, but I will give this game another go in a few weeks when patches and fixes have come out.So I wouldn't recommend this right now, unless you have a state of the art PC, or console, then go ahead."
76561198002869624,Not Recommended,403640,26541998,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,arconius2006,Another broken game from bethesda. There are no keymapping. And I cant get the mouse to work.
,Not Recommended,403640,26563980,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,rspdan,"Man, this game started out so well. But now I can't even play it.  It crashed and now won't load at all.  I have an i5 4670k, 20 gbs RAM, SSD HD, and GTX 980 all running on Windows 10 and now I can't do♥♥♥♥♥♥  ♥♥♥♥ing waste of time!"
76561198064889585,Not Recommended,403640,26590868,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,brainscience,"Basically, don't buy it until they fix it. Huge headache trying to find the perfect cocktail of settings to make it run half decent and usually that means it looks like♥♥♥♥♥♥ In the refund process now and will revisit when it's not♥♥♥♥♥"
,Not Recommended,403640,26593240,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Frosty Nips,"With the game crashing quite frequently and having major FPS fluctiations (Even tho I'm running the recommended specs) I just can't in my right mind recommend this game right now. Until these are fixed, I have to give it a thumbs down."
76561198043989457,Not Recommended,403640,26699431,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,kreaven3165,"Pretty much the same as everyone else. Poor Frame rates with GTX 1060. 25 to 30. Sometimes I get a jump to 55 - 60 but its rare. This is after downloading the latest drivers and switching to the betapatch. Refunded. Will wait and see if patches fix the game.Recommend? No, not until the issues. are Fixed. Will change when they are. But for now I am unable to give it a positive rating as I can not enjoy the game."
,Not Recommended,403640,26806366,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Lime,"Honestly, Dishonoured was one of my favourites, if not, my favourite game. I tried both before and after the patch to throw myself into 2, and honestly, the intro was gripping, and was running fine on my PC. However as soon as I left the initial area, frames dropped to as low as 15 from 140 during combat or indoors. This is all with a 970 overclocked. Shocked at the quality of this port. Do not buy until it is fixed. Assasins creed unity all over again. Game itself seems decent, new powers seem pretty interesting etc, but it's fairly unplayable, at least on my rig currently."
76561198050796466,Not Recommended,403640,26982247,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,R@MM$+E!N,CAN'T PLAY IT CRASHES WHEN I WANT TO START CAMPAIGNI HAVE TRYED EVERY THING MY SPECSNVIDIA GEFORCE 970 4GB16 GB RAM DDR4MONITOR 1920X1080WINDOWS 10 PROAND I'M JUST SAYING I'VE RUN BATTLEFIELD 1 ON MAX SETTINGS SOO JA FIX THE ♥♥♥♥ING GAME CAUSE I DO NOT KNOW WHAT TOO DO ANY MORE I DON'T EVEN ♥♥♥♥♥ ABOUT A GAME BUT REALLY THIS IS HARD FOR ME
,Not Recommended,403640,27052759,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Wen Wen,Game are great !Just keep crashing when i going to kill Delilah .........
76561197980170937,Not Recommended,403640,26550938,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Murr!,"Currently unplayable. As many have already mentioned, Dishonored II has seriously framerate issues on PC. Frames drop when entering any new area and open world is a nightmare. Frames constantly dropped from 60 to 30. Pretty disappointed, I'd wait until a PC patch comes out.Played for about 30 minutes. Gameplay is so far the same as Dishonored. Graphics weren't particularly impressive at Very High.Running on:i7 6700k980 ti16 GB RAM"
76561198068095446,Not Recommended,403640,26570751,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,jismjim123,"my rig should easily run this game.....but it made it to the main menu once, since then i just get a black screen, the audio of the main menu trying desperatly to play and nothing else."
76561198062449018,Not Recommended,403640,26699290,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,43,"I'm a die hard fan of Dishonored, so it saddens me to have to ask for a refund because of performance issues. I have a high-end machine, too."
,Not Recommended,403640,26914408,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Alexander,"I would love to give this game a positive review, It's the same great dishonored gameplay that I loved in the first game. HOWEVER IT'S BEEN 2 WEEKS AND THIS GAME IS STILL BASICALLY UNPLAYABLE. PLEASE LET ME PLAY YOUR GAME WITH MY 980ti ABOVE 30 FPS..."
,Not Recommended,403640,26974900,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,PhantomFilms,"I liked this game so much, I nominated it for an award...... The ""We can't make an optimized game but give us an award anyway"" Award.https://gyazo.com/66068943393384b087a3a53e3341cd30"
76561198277762508,Not Recommended,403640,26522304,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,AinsleyIsAGod,"What seems like an amazing game, I say seems like because It's simply unplayable with frame rates varying from 144 to 30, and more often than not being on the lower end of that scale. As well as the wild frame rates the game is unbearably..  choppy? Stuttery? I'm not sure of the word, but I can't play for more than 15 minutes without eye strain causing a colossal headache. And there was gullible me thinking a GTX 1080 could handle this game :/ another poorly optimised AAA game, a worryingly increasing trend."
,Not Recommended,403640,26522853,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Ninja,I love Dishonored but terrible performance ..
76561198175832922,Not Recommended,403640,26523330,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,geraltofafrica,"2 hrs in so far and it's just so sad to see that the optimization isn't there. This is a purely singleplayer game, no latency issues that mp games usually bring with them and it still stutters. Even looking at the sky and there's a little bit of rooftop in the frame and the fps goes down. Arkane is ""investigating"" the fact that their game which they have been working on for the past 4 years seems to be running like crap on just about any PC... very believable."
,Not Recommended,403640,26523727,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,James,"Don't purchase for now. The game itself is great, the mood is slightly different from the first game (less dark and urban, more sunlit), the combat is better (sword blocks are faster), the developers really did improve on the first game, there were some other things that they did well that were different from the first game that I can't exactly remember; I think the sliding animation is different, you can vault over walls now, blocking and attacking is instantaneous even without your weapon drawn and so on and so forth. So it's an improvement.But, I can't really play it. My PC is a mid-range gaming rig, I have an AMD FX-8350, 8 gigs of RAM, and a GTX 770. I built this PC in the summer of 2014, it plays Overwatch and Titanfall 2 fine. While playing the game it occurred to me that I wouldn't be able to play it without stuttery issues so I was slightly disappointed, but I persisted. Combat is very laggy. At first I thought that my PC was outdated, but I ruled this out. I took apart my rig and dusted pretty much every component, thinking that heat had something to do with it. I took the CPU fan off and noticed that the paste was a little dry and thin, but in general my CPU performs pretty well and doesn't heat up much at all. I also flipped my power supply so that the fan pointed upward, hoping that it would draw hot air down from the other components in my case.In general, I was pretty relieved to hear that other people were having similar issues, so it wasn't JUST me.So at any rate: great game, very excited to play it and can't wait. But, at the moment, virtually unplayable."
76561198239026116,Not Recommended,403640,26543341,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,ididntchoosethisname,"will change review when fixed, currently experiencing lots of framerate issues. dissapointed because game seems to be going great so far, wish I could actually play it"
76561197993334239,Not Recommended,403640,26543413,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,SPICEBOI,"Chews up memory and crashes immediately after intro cinematics. Shadows render as solid objects. I was looking forward to binging on this game, and was a huge fan of the first, but as it's unplayable on my fairly beefy system, I can't recommend."
,Not Recommended,403640,26551524,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,dzk,Pls fix frame rate drops. Using gtx 1060 6gb btw
76561198089231925,Not Recommended,403640,26551720,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,fantom1021,"I cant start the game without it force closing as soon as i get past the Void engine screen at start. Ive checked all my computer settings and everyting is up to date and i cant seem to find the issue. Don't know if this is happening to anyone else, if it did and youv'e fixed it, please let me know how. I dont want to have to refund the $60 i spent to preorder this."
76561198043310104,Not Recommended,403640,26526416,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,moneyafro,Only about an hour and a half into the game and I'm not sure if I want to continue until the performance problems are fixed. I want to enjoy this game to its fullest potential but I am getting 30 frames on ALL low settings. Hopefully they fix it soon and keep us posted
76561198086405683,Not Recommended,403640,28176481,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Nicolo from Jack Chop,"The best way to describe this game is an utterly disappointing and incredibly frustrating experience. I loved the first one and I want to love this game as well. The gameplay elements are there. The new powers are unique and fun to try. The same action-stealth elements that were present in the first game are back and improved.However, the PC performance is just terrible. Absolutely terrible. I have a fairly powerful system (specs below) and I can't run this game at constant 60fps above the lowest settings. Even with the lowest settings and 60fps, the game has horrible micro stuttering. It's a terribly frustrating experience. I was so immersed into the game at times. The unique artwork is fantastic and immersive. But the micro stuttering just ruins the game completely and takes you away from the experience.Unfortunatley, I cannot recommend this game in it's current state. The gameplay is great and so far (on mission 4 or 5) the story is intriguing. However, it's a terrible PC port and you should wait until they fix the performance before buying.PC Specs-Intel i7 5820kEVGA GTX 980 (x2)16 GB DDR4Windows 10"
76561198051499595,Not Recommended,403640,28302326,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Sakarnen,"I got this game during the game awards sale erroneously believing it would have all issues sorted. I was incorrect, and while my experience wasn't as abysmal as the reported performance at the game's launch it was still poorly optimized with terribly long loading screens and crashes at random intervals.There's a solid game in there, somewhere. But honestly, not a compelling one for me. From what I've understood the antagonist from the first game's DLC is the antagonist for this game. Having not played the DLC for the first game I feel that the sequel does a poor job of helping this villain stand on their own. Which is a shame, because the world itself is very interesting, but worldbuilding alone doesn't hold up a story. Especially in a game.If you adored the first game and played the DLC, I'd say get it on console instead. Otherwise, avoid like the rat plague."
,Recommended,403640,32722985,Posted: 24 June,all,Anarchinine,"Having been a big fan of the first instalment, buying the Emily version (as I like to call it) was a no-brainer. What required more thought was how I would play it, since the game allows for both the less lethal low chaos mode and the merciless high chaos mode. The game's trailers seemed to hint heavily at how the game was designed fro high chaos, but after almost a day of gameplay, I'd say it is one of the most balanced fight or sneak games I've played till date.Plot - The game has been billed as a revenge plot, and it excels at it. Dishonored has always been about the ""grey"" (epitomised by the Outsider) amidst the black and white of the exterior, and this game takes it to an altogether new level. Playing either as Emily or Corvo (I played as Emily),  you have to take down those who took your/your daughter's throne. Unlike Game 1 though, there's no murder involved (beyond of course the endless numbers of poor guards), and the enemy, Delilah, has her own somewhat dubious reasons for doing what she did. Considering that your actions give you a wide gamut of choices about what to do wtih each boss, this information actually poses moral quandries that seem to matter. So even when it lacks the twists of the first game, the plot of the second is well worth its weight in gold.Rating - 4.5/5Characters - I guess most gamers from the first Dishonored wanted to see what a grown-up Emily would be like. And she's a badass. Her own aristocractic upbringing and disconnect with the masses makes her character all the more interesting, something that the second coming of Corvo probably would not. Her mission is clear, but paths quite the opposite, and excellent voice acting brings that out. Sokolov returns, and Megan Foster/Billie Lurk is well fleshed out, but the villains are all new and shiny. Jindosh, Paolo, Delilah and the good Doctor are all well polished and rounded out, creating a world that is truly vibrant. Even when you're not dealing with the prime characters, the secondary ones (read cannon fodder) have their own tales to share. To the game's credit, these proved to be interesting enough for me NOT to kill off two guards while they were conversing. And this comes from someone who finished Watch Dogs 2 before jumping into this game.Rating - 4.5/5Gameplay - As I said, the game is well balanced when it comes to combat or stealth. While combat may look appealing from the trailers, it can quickly become tedious once you realise there are only four major types of enemies - guards, clockwork soldiers, witches and those ratty Paolo-followers. Killing off each type typically  takes one or two strategeis that you would fall back upon again and again (shooting a clockwork in the glowing orb-head disables its visual capacities for instance, turning it into a statue).Try stealth though, and the game comes alive. The maps aren't huge, but they are marvellous in terms of depth. Moving through buildings and on pipes gives you options unlike anything the streets can offer. Once you have unlocked a decent number of abilities, each scenario with 3-4 enemies provides a ton of possibilities. Would you use far reach  to pull enemies towards you. Or chain them using domino and jump on one. Perhaps use a decoy ? Or simply throw a bottle and sneak away ? The richness of the maps and the fact that you're never faced with a barrage of never-ending enemies makes stealth a pleasure rivalled only by classics like Splinter Cell.Rating - 5/5Graphics - I remember the developers saying that they don't wish the game to have picture-perfect realism. Instead, the palettes and textures remind you of works of art. Watercolor pieces to be exact. Rendered well, these graphics bring out a period feel that perhaps exactness (like say Assassin's Creed Syndicate) would not have. After all, this isn't the late 19th or the early 20th Century. This is a different world, and the game brings that out through its brutal yet somewhat dreamy landscape, its caricaturish but lively facial features and light and shade effects worthy of an art gallery.All of this, of course, means that the game is light on graphics demands compared to uber-realistic AAA titles. With a GTX 960, I could run it at Ultra with only a slight amount of lag. Cranking up the anti-aliasing would perhaps make more demands, but this isn't a game that would drain the soul from your GPU.Rating - 5/5Conclusion - The game is small, rich and once you've gotten off the streets and onto the parapets, pipes and balconies, filled with possibilities. It is a game that requires you to take your time, and figure out each move carefully. With a storyline that demands your moral compass and consideration at each turn, this makes Dishonored 2 a worthy successor to the first.Overall Rating - 5/5"
76561197994460401,Recommended,403640,28634855,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,StaticDoc,did not see any glitch and the game really promised what was promised.
76561198029144567,Recommended,403640,28980710,Posted: 3 January,all,Aboody,"Breathtaking art.Flexible, smart and entertaining gameplay.Beautiful graphics. A little bit demanding however.Good soundtrack. I prefer previous DH soundtrack, Drunken Whaler was sick.Mediocre story. It is not were DH shines anyway.Should you buy it? If you're a DH fan, it is a must. If you're new to the series then it depends on what you prefer, if you like an artistic-stealth-action-gameplay-rich games, then this game is for you. I recommend playing the first DH first just to get your head around the characters and the story, it is also very cheap by now. And.. uhh.... shall we gather for whiskey and cigars tonight?"
,Recommended,403640,32370944,Posted: 12 June,all,Snow,"My personal game of the year, it's an absolute masterpiece. There are so many viable ways to play it, and it's one of the view games of this style that allows for real creativity. From bending time and posessing a man to move in front of his own bullet, to making clones of yourself to fight an enemy squad in standard swordplay, this game truly gives you options, unlike what most AAA games promise. Sneaking and fighting are both equally viable, and while the binary morality system of killing=bad and not killing=good is a bit simplistic, it's explained via in game mechanics. More corpses means more food for bloodflies which means more guards needed to deal with the influx of them, similar to Dishonored 1's rats. Also unlike most AAA games it has a free demo. Download it and check it out! There's zero risk here. And of course, shall we gather for whiskey and cigars tonight?"
,Recommended,403640,33541491,Posted: 14 July,all,Opfes,Absolutely stellar game. The first was an incredible narrative and the second doesn't disappoint. I was hesitant to purchase at first because of all the complaints of poor performance. I'm so glad I picked it up. It runs excellent on my system (i7-4790k/gtx 1060 6gb) and expands beautifully on the original story. Emily's powers present new ways to enjoy this beautiful game. One of my all time favorites.
76561198012348390,Recommended,403640,33123866,Posted: 2 July,all,bluespike5,"Lot of fun, I relaly dig the aesthetic of Dishonored so I'm willing to cut it some slack. Really liked the stealth AI and the the non-lethal mechanics as they actually put some thought into how it worked. Did a brief second play through as lethal and that was fun rampaging through as well. Pretty solid, not mind blowing but worth the time."
,Recommended,403640,28638175,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,austin pamaj,"After the December 14th patch, this game runs so much better than before. The game is fully optimised now, or at least from what I've seen.Plus, the story is great, I love that they've brought back Corvo and kept the whole playstyle of the original. The newly added characters are mysteriously interesting.The art style used is just of pure beauty, honestly such a good looking game and definitely worth £27 now that it's on sale."
,Recommended,403640,27534346,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Siri er kul,"Dishonored 2 met up with my expectations although I kind of expected more from it ending wise? But I guess that's the curse of sequels.  Don't get me wrong though, I loved this game soso much and I still got so much left to explore. I feel sorry for it being poorly released on PC, but aside from that this is definitely a 11/10 game."
,Recommended,403640,28765797,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,wh!smer,"around 15 hours of gameplay, alot longer to playtrough compared to the first game, which is nicedefo alot more options, I played trough the game 4 times lethal and non lethal with both charactersit had a strange feeling of not being tied together regardless of your choices as the story progressed, but nothing you will notice as you sneak & slide or hack & slash through the spectacular ""steampunk-highly-developed-societies"" levels.Imo Dishonored 2 delivers splendidly as a sequel and I would recommend it warmly"
76561198061670648,Recommended,403640,28882043,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Kruxization,"I'd rate this game a 4/5. Dishonored 2 is a well polished stealth game with more features than Dishonored 1.This game absolutely lives up to being the sequel to Dishonored. The game supports more playstyles than its predecessor.However, the game falls short of being a 5/5 for several reasons.The biggest one being how it handles new game mechanics. Dishonored 2 introduces brilliant new game mechanics and then restricts them to only certain parts of the game. I'm hoping DLC will help fix that.Another reason is how many upgrades in the game cater to only 1 or 2 playstyles. I found myself tons of upgrades I could never use because I was relying on stealth.That leads into the other complaint I have. Maybe I'm just not very good at stealth, but it seemed like getting detected once or twice heavily impacted what playstyle the game thought I was playing even though a large majority of my kills were stealth. That led to a very frustrating experience for me.Overall, Dishonored 2 is a fantastic game and if you loved Dishonored 1, then you'll love Dishonored 2."
76561198272088730,Recommended,403640,28849730,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Jäger,"Seriously The best game. I'm on playthrough 9, Seriously this game will keep you entertained for weeks I am looking foward to The Dlc. I hope they make an Dishonered 3 and 4 :0"
76561197992384457,Recommended,403640,29154369,Posted: 9 January,all,MarcusArelius,"I'm 3 levels in and so far this game surpasses everything that I liked about the first game.  My favorite stealth game has always been Thief, the ones from over a decade ago.  This is the closest thing to Thief as you can get, including the same guy that voiced the orriginal Thief.  Playing with a GTX 980 TI and have had no issues."
76561198024314323,Not Recommended,403640,29126078,Posted: 8 January,all,Bogdabot,I expected that my Lenovo y510p would run it. optimized poorly. It SEEMS like it would be a good game if it actually ran
76561198022764719,Not Recommended,403640,29160541,Posted: 10 January,all,Niggamaru,"This game and No Man's Sky have really convinced me to stop preordering, but what saddened me the most was that while No Man's Sky belonged to an indie developer, this game was developed by the same people who made one of the best stealth games which earned a lot of respect from many gamers (Dishonored 1). At the lowest settings coupled with the work-arounds Dishonored 2 yielded around 2-30 frames in small areas, whereas large areas only got me around 10ish. Thing is I ran Witcher 3, and GTA 5 on high with no problem. I was hopeful for the fix after the release, but it has been 2 months, and the game is still unplayable. In fact, last time I checked after the announcement of the performance fix I actually lost more frames. If you have a monster computer you might have a chance."
76561198048979772,Recommended,403640,28884751,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,well.thats.me.told,"As of 31 Dec 2016 this runs reasonably on a PC with a GeForce 1050TI graphics card (for me).However, the GeFroce Experience settings are prone to putting it into a cycle of trying to change the resolution over and over, resulting in a flashing black screen.It's a lovely successor to the original Dishonored, although with the botched PC port Bethesda really messed up. :powersword:"
,Recommended,403640,28665622,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,That'sRädDude,"Ever since the performance fixed on December 14th, this game has been more than playable on any system including PC at high and stable framerates, so I figured now should be the time I should nab it up for 33% off, and let me just say...I would of payed full price.Now yes, I may be biased due to absolutely LOVING the original Dishonored.But this is the best continuation of a source material in the video game industry I have seen in a long time. Beyond being a great sequel, this is simply a strong title by itself, the musical design is amazing, taking some inspiration and tracks from the original, and introducing some new haunting melodies that really immerse you into some of the darker (and in my case, scarier) parts of the game.  The graphical design is, of course, much like the original, but with many noticable improvements, I would say it could contend with Assassins Creed IV at max settings.  (Graphics aren't everything.)Now, for the bit of my review that has to do with the story...  I bought the game, played for 4 hours straight, and barely got anywhere near the middle of the story, let alone the end.  It was so mentally draining I genuinely felt I needed a break.I'm posting this mainly as an effort to reconcile the boundless bad reviews made when the game first came out, and yes, the game was extremely badly optimized on launch, but Arkane Studios has put in the work to fix the problem and let me just say, it's like taking the♥♥♥♥♥♥tip off of a diamond iceburg.So overall, get this game. It's a blast. (And good luck with the Kirin puzzle if you're going nonlethal...)"
,Recommended,403640,30616654,Posted: 19 March,all,Zigmar,"tl;dr: This is a good game, but not nearly as good as the first Dishonored game.Dishonored (the original one) is one of my favourite games. Everything about it is just excellent: the world, the atmosphere, the story, characters, gameplay, music and sound, etc. So I was looking forward for a D2. However after completed the game twice (one peaceful stealth run with Emily and one high-chaos combat run with Corvo) I feel somewhat disappointed. The gameplay is basically the same (which is not a bad thing) and everything looks better, but everything else is either on the same level or worse than original game: the story is nowhere as good as an original game, most characters are bland and one-dimentional, worse music and voice acting, and extremely disappointing and anticlimactic ending (for both low and high-chaos runs). I'm especially disappointed with the story - starting from the premise which just a rehashed setting from the first game, to cheap cringeworthy plot twists (e.g. ""crown killer"" storyline resolution) and poorly written characters.All that said, I still loved the game: it looked beautiful, the world is still interesting and intriguing, and there few outstanding jams there: I think ""the clockwork mansion"" level is one of best and most original levels ever done in video games, and time-shifting level is also a very interesting one and fun to play.To summarise: if you loved Dishonored 1 and want more of the same: go play this game (but be prepared to be somewhat disappointed if you expected more and better). If you never played a Dishonored game, I would recommend you to try the first one first, and get this one only if you loved it."
76561197983711508,Recommended,403640,30072665,Posted: 20 February,all,Naldree,"Purchased the game after Update 2 was released, so did not have any major technical difficulties playing it. Great replayability. Fun gameplay regardless of playstyle."
76561198115790220,Recommended,403640,30364218,Posted: 6 March,all,ThE MuFin MAn!?,This game is amazing. I've played it seven times and absolutly loved it. I would say it's even better than the first Dishonored. I've played it killing everyone I saw and I've played it with out even being seen or killing anyone. I would definantly recomend this game. People who like stealth and first-person action will most likely love this game.
76561197996919549,Not Recommended,403640,28643021,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,GreySkies,Crashes in the loading screen before it even starts.Tried everything but there doesn't seem to be a fix.Running i7-4790K and GTX 980 with 16 GB RAM.Wait for patch.
,Not Recommended,403640,26539128,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,React,"Refund button works well.It's just way worse than the orignial game - atleast at its current condition. I played Dishonored and all its Dlc on the highest difficulty, full stealth, non lethal and got pretty much every f*ing achievement. This game however, makes its way to easy to fight people upfront (it like atleast 3 times easier) and stealthing is way more bs now because the soldiersliterally look through walls,not to complain about the fact that it got a bit harder - i dont mind that - but when it just gets unfair it doesnt make fun anymore. I will wait for a few months and hope that the game will be fixed by then."
,Recommended,403640,26516506,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Pancake,"Fantastic game, it's exactly what a sequel should be. Though, it's terribly optimized and tons of people are having problems. Luckily, I don't get anything more than a stutter occasionally, but others are getting awful framerates, constant stutter and that's not really okay. I think that the game is great nonetheless. If you're a fan of the first, or stealth games in general, you should wait a bit for the dust to clear and pick it up for sure."
76561198022514008,Not Recommended,403640,26517168,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Blastom,"Seriously, please fix the performance before Christmas.It's not good to lower recommoned graphics settings to fix the performance issue."
,Not Recommended,403640,26518325,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Nemien,Very poorly optimized release for an otherwise seemingly fantastic game.
,Not Recommended,403640,26527057,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Thothdj,yet another joke on release daycan a working game get released this year thanks
76561198022136416,Not Recommended,403640,26514472,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,XenoAlbedo,"I'll make this short.It's a good game, but runs like♥♥♥♥♥♥ Drops to 30 fps on a GTX 1080? Unacceptable. If the game gets patched into a better state, I will change this review since, as I said, the game itself is quite good.UPDATE:The game runs a lot smoother now, but the overall performance is still unacceptable for my rig."
,Not Recommended,403640,27742922,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Monstrum Domina,"Husband and I were really looking forward to this game but even on a decent computer it wouldn't even launch the game and on my laptop the game would launch, it was just virtually unplayable.I'll happily give a more accurate review of the game once the graphics issue is fixed. :l"
76561198011463506,Recommended,403640,28029081,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,UBC.One77,"Have been waiting so long for the Dishonored 2, wanna know what would happen to corvo and emily.Was upset when first time entered the game for the poor optimization.They released a performace update couple of days later, which was great. And it did improved the performance significantly.Love the game so much, i would give it full fark."
76561198042768027,Recommended,403640,28212835,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Toast,"Fantastic game, beautiful. Since the beta patch, my sub-par set up works perfectly fine.Tested with a GTX 960. No frame drops, and I'm running it at high settings. The game plays almost exactly like the first with no clunky controls or anything, and it has expanded and adapted the story to be fantastic. People who are complaining about optimization I recommend actually playing the game since the beta patch release, it works on most PCs.There is some replay value to it as well, so I highly recommend it."
,Recommended,403640,28154046,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,London,"Beautiful game, even with slight framerate issues. No more whiskey and cigars, there's actual dialogue between npc's. Environments and ambience are very immsersive."
,Recommended,403640,28228458,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,MaysonD,"Sadly Dishonored 2 has been struck with very poor performance but since the past few updates it's been slowly getting stable enough to give players the game they deserve. To describe it to people who have played and loved the first Dishonored, D2 is overall an improvement to the core game mechanics of player choice an simulation while still retaining the same amount of lore created in the game world. To describe it to people who haven't played the first game, it has the most creative choices a game can give you. You can play the game with as many powers as you like, as many gadgets as you like, and as many kills. Even the key targets can be removed non-lethally. The only reason this game is mixed is because of the poor performance, but with a beast of a machine you can see how well crafted the world and characters are. Unlike the first Dishonored, the player character (who can be either Emily or Corvo) has a voice that reacts to how you play, making them as fleshed out as the rest of the characters.The powers you can play with are different from each character, but they can both be used to solve different ""puzzles"". You can use Blink or Far Reach to traverse the environment with stealth or upgrade it differently to make it a valuable weapon in combat. You can use springrazors to eviscerate your enemy or instead utilize the more tame stun mine to keep them breathing. This can all be done in huge levels, each giving you a different theme or mechanic. For example, one of the later levels gives you a powerful tool to traverse time in a huge mansion at the cost of your powers. Another mission takes place in a genius' observatory that can change form and function at the switch of a lever. Everything that you have done in this game somebody else has done differently.With the introduction of New Game + you can customize your game like never before. New Game + lets you play the game again with the abilities, bone charms, and gadgets you picked up on your first run. What's more is that your player character can unlock the powers that the other one has as well. Finally, Corvo can far reach guards towards you for an easy kill and Emily can bend time to quickly sneak past a group of thugs. Along with NG+ comes a new custom difficulty  where you can alter gameplay such as how easily you are spotted, how fast elixirs regenerate health and mana, how many people engage you in a group fight, whether you can be seen peeking around walls, and a myriad of other options to make it as easy or difficult as you like."
,Recommended,403640,28489431,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,dreamy,"The patches have fixed dozens of bugs and optimizations, and the game runs 90% of the time fine (besides in open areas sometimes). Only problem is the slight stutters in open areas sometimes. It's completely playable with a few tweaks to the settings. There's great videos on Youtube that can help you get the most out of it. Other than that it's an amazing game that lives up to the original.They still plan on coming out with more fixes...so hopefully it will turn into a great port I could recommend to anyone. Once they fix those stutters in the outside locations.. Glad to see they're pushing all these fixes the past month. If you have a high rig then I have no problem recommending you buy this since they squashed most of the bugs.Specs:CPU: Intel i5-4670K 4.0GHz OCGPU: Radeon 270X (2GB DDR5 memory)Ram: 8 GB Ram"
76561198082829216,Recommended,403640,27424065,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Pub stomper,"After so many reviews about performance problems, I delayed my purchase.I believe they fixed the issue as of yesterday I installed the game and I'm playing it 4k full settings on gtx 1080 on 60fps most of the time."
,Recommended,403640,27542926,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Psi Pilgrim,"Unlike many others, I have not had a problem running Dishonored 2, so I can't comment on the issues that some have seen. What I can say is that if you were a fan of the original game, Dishonored 2 improves on nearly every aspect of Dishonored. The option for high and low chaos is still there and both can be played either in a more action or stealth mode but added to this is the choice to play as either Corvo or Emily. This is not merely a choice of skins as Emily's powers are different from Corvo's. Corvo's is consistent with the first game but Emily offers new powers like Link (what happens to one linked enemy happens to the other(s)); Doppelganger (creating a duplicate of yourself for distraction or fighting purposes); and Shadow Walk (taking on a stealthy shadow form to move about more discreetly). Also, the game adds the ability to break down normal bone charms to create custom charms with multiple traits. Dark and corrupted bone charms can be sacrificed for material but the traits which they held will be lost.The best feature of the game though is the level design. Dishonored had some great levels, but Dishonored 2 has levels equal to the first and two levels that are among the best in gaming. If you are someone who does not explore levels but simply follows the waypoints to complete objectives there is a lot that will be missed. I'm sure that type of player will find some enjoyment in the game but where the game shines is in exploring the hidden away spots and seeing all the detail that was included in the level design.Story-wise the game draws a lot from the two story expansions of Dishonored (The Knife of Dunwall and The Brigmore Witches).  You don't need to have played these to understand what happens in Dishonored 2 but those who have played the expansions will have more background on a couple of major players. The story also expands the world of Dishonored as most of the time is spent in Karnaca instead of Dunwall. As in the first your actions will affect some areas of the game, with high chaos leading to more blood fly (the equivalent of rats from the first game; though rats are present here as well) infested areas.Three games really shine for me this year: Doom, Deus Ex: Mankind Divided, and Dishonored 2. The first two seem like worthy titles in their respective franchises. Doom returned to the feel of the first two games and added some elements that made it a lot of fun to play. Mankind Divided was a great sequel that was the equal of Human Revolution. But Dishonored 2 took the step up to the next level for that franchise for me. For that reason, it's my favorite game of 2016."
,Recommended,403640,27974856,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,VAILANTER,"Same as first so far, the game improved significantly(GTX 1070 tho :( ) after the beta patch and i'm loving it! :)))"
,Recommended,403640,28316261,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Meangreenbeans,"This game plays well and looks pretty damn good too! Idk what everyone is complaining about. Are there a couple of glitches here and there? Sure! But it really is nothing that won't be smoothed out overtime. Let's not forget what made dishonored so great in the first place, it wasn't how smooth the graphics were. Nope. It was all about a story that enthralled us and just how the gameplay meshed so well into that story. Dishonored 2 delivers that in an even better way than it's predecessor ever could."
,Not Recommended,403640,28084021,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Chumpion,"crashes after getting past bethseda splash screens; common issue apparantly with phenom processors, contacted bethseda and they said because my CPU is out of date I am not supported. Funny that I can run BF1 and witcher 3 on almost full settings however. Refunded."
,Recommended,403640,28195057,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Galactau,"The variety of playstyles available, coupled with levels that are much more intricate than expected, results in an experience that, if anything, improves after the first playthrough.While framerate is still somewhat of an issue, the recent patches have made drastic improvements - and even if you can't run it well enough for it to be enjoyable, you can always get a refund and try again when all bugs have been fixed."
,Not Recommended,403640,26542191,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,panda pine,"dont play this game till its fully patch , frame rates are terrible, loading times are worst...specsGTX 980TI sliI7-479032GB RAM1TB SSD"
76561198214048351,Not Recommended,403640,26653789,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,zmprisbr,"Eagerly awaiting a patch--currently unplayable on my AMD Raedon GPU/card, around 30 fps on all lowest settings"
,Not Recommended,403640,26521946,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,ZombieLPK,Dips to 40 at 1080p on a system with a i7 6700k and a GTX 1080. If you're sensitive to frame drops below 60 then it can't be recommended with the current state of the port.
,Not Recommended,403640,26542295,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Lo Zeno,"**UPDATE**So, after almost three months, during which I encountered a♥♥♥♥♥♥load of bugs in the game (performance bugs, story bugs and general game bugs), the latest beta update seems to have finally fixed all the biggest issues.Many people still report problems when playing the game with configurations that are officially supported, not a huge number but it's still happening.My advice: buy it, because the game system, the setting and the story are amazing... BUT only when it's on sale. Don't buy full price, wait for a sale where the price drops DRAMATICALLY, like less than 30%. As much as I'd love to reward the team that made this game, I think it's more important to punish Bethesda for releasing a clearly unfinished game and expecting us to wait 3 months to see the real final version of it: just reading the changelogs of each patch shows how unfinished this game was on release day.As for those who keep saying ""I have played this game since day 1 on ultra with 60fps, never had an issue, I don't know what you guys are complaining about"": that's right, you don't know what we complained about because YOU WERE LUCKY that your system configuration was one of the VERY FEW that had no issues with this game. And no, it doesn't mean that everyone needed to upgrade their PC, especially not when the the configurations that had issues with this game were above the minimum system requirements as written on the game description.**PREVIOUS REVIEW**I don't know why Steam shows only 1.9 hours of gameplay on my profile, I played it much longer than that.Right, after upgrading my machine and waiting for the THIRD optimisation patch I can finally say that the game is playable. Just playable: it still suffers from occasional stuttering and crashes, but it's occasional at best so it can be overlooked.I have done a little non-scientific and non-statistically relevant research among my friends, and it would appear like the way to max performances on this game is not to buy a top-of-the-line GPU but a top-of-the-line CPU: we've seen builds with a GTX 1070 where the game runs like crap because the CPU was ""just"" an AMD FX 8350, and builds where the game runs smooth as butter with a GTX 760 and an Intel i7 6700k. So it looks like the game relies a lot on the CPU, maybe too much.As I said, it's not really statistically relevant, but maybe worth considering.I still don't recommend it, based on the fact that they released it with basically ZERO QA for PC, we (the players) had to beta test it as they patched it (and they still are patching it), they didn't release the minimum requirements before releasing the game, letting many people who preorder it unable to play it because the game supports only SSE4-enabled CPUs, and they basically made a poor port from the console version while still denying it was a port (proof that it's a port? the mouse controls originally felt and behaved like a controller's analog stick, plus framerate capped at 30 or 60 only)."
76561198070140531,Not Recommended,403640,26556659,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Amrousi,GPU NOT COMPATIBLE WITH DIRECT X 11.1 WHAT DO I DO?????
,Not Recommended,403640,26604283,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Norabezaline,"Let's make one thing clear -The game is Sh*t.It doesn't matter how great it looks, how good the story is, if you can't play it.The first load took 3 attempts, it crashed the first 2 times. After that I began playing, and some scenes were great, playable 60fps on medium settings. Then there are the 'other' scenes. The throne room for one. I put the game to very low settings, and 720p, and it couldn't even hold 30fps.My specs were once considered great, and even now I'd consider them above average:AMD R9 290X - I5 2500k @ 4.5GHz - 32GB RAM - 2x SSDs (SATA III)The fact that I can't get 60fps at medium on 1080p is ludicrous. The fact I can't get 30fps on 720p at very low in some scenes?There isn't a word for that."
,Not Recommended,403640,26554412,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,anonymouse,"Looks nothing like the marketing screenshots. Blurry textures, poor framerate. Very disappointing."
76561197988189560,Not Recommended,403640,26625343,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,lerxs,"This game runs fine for me...that's not the problem.  What is the problem is that every enemy in the game doesn't respond to me at all.  I walk up to them and kill them and neither they nor the people around react, or even attack me.  it's like I've got some freeze spell on the game and nobody's moving.  So, yeah the game runs well, looks good, seems to have a great story. It'd just be nice if someone noticed I was there before I killed them."
76561198106030271,Not Recommended,403640,26529549,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Bubbafrogger,Very poorly optimized. Othewise a great sequal. FIX YOUR♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,403640,26531487,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Vacced,"There is a good game underneath this mess atm, maybe even a great one.The art direction is fantastic, everything has been fine tuned from the first, models up close look gorgeous even reminicent of DOOM (I wonder why xD). The voiced protagonists make the game feel more whole.Nontheless, I can't reccomend this game in full confidence because of the performance issues with my GTX 980 + i7 4790k. There are people that have rigs that dwarf mine, and are getting a worse experience.That being said, once an update is sent out, fixing the aformentioned problems, you can expect I'll be among the first to change my review to a postive rating."
76561198081403913,Not Recommended,403640,26545776,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Taco,"The first Dishonored was such a master piece, I never thought Bethesda would release something below fantastic. However, it seems like they acted like every other greedy gaming company and released an unfinished, non optimized game after feeding off pre-order money. The textures are super blurry and I have low FPS, no matter what the graphics quality is. It's really hard to enjoy the game when you can't even run it properly.I recommend you wait before buying this game. 80CA$ for this game is a slap in the face from Bethesda right now.My specs:GTX 960i5-4460 CPU @ 3.20GHz8GB of RAMWindows 1064bit"
76561198036094684,Not Recommended,403640,26588147,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,RoarShark,"My performance has been fine, i5-4690k and a 970. However I can't recommend a game with such a staggering amount of people having issues with it. Fix your sht."
76561198305465311,Not Recommended,403640,26653282,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,faithbr1ng3r,"looking back at Dishonored 2012 I can say that this is good game with great replay value. Story and stealth  However it is plagued by atrocious performance issues.PROS:StoryReplayabilityAmazing loreCONS:i7 6700K, GTX 1080, 16 GB RAM - gaming at 1440p getting crazy FPS rollercoasters 40ish - 110. Frame pacing is pretty bad as well. At a time 60fps feels worse than 30fps.It by no means Battlefield-esque graphics which gives me 100+fps on ultra. I expected it to run 80-100 fps, but alas 40-110 is the realityWill change once adequate update arrives."
76561198368268912,Recommended,403640,31087867,Posted: 11 April,all,DankBoggles,"Great game!  Not as good as the first one though, feels like something is missing."
76561198039031529,Not Recommended,403640,26535304,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,kuzle,"As lot of people say, currently broken, got into the game with wierd floaty mouse, which killed me in first combat."
76561198045973518,Not Recommended,403640,26535200,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,TrilbyMcNab,"i7 4770k 3.5ghz16 gigs 1333mhz ramEVGA GTX980ti 6gbStandard 1TB WD HDPlaying at 1280 x 720  40"" screen for couch gamingThe open areas are poorly optimised I have to run it at medium overall settings on everything to get a, sort of, steady 60 fps. AT 1280 X 720???  ARE YOU ♥♥♥♥♥ING KIDDING ME?!  At ultra is drops from the 100s inside buildings to 30s outside in the first town you visit.  The first patch can't come quick enough.  Don't buy if you can't stand the crap optimisation drastically ever changing FPS or downgraded graphics to achieve higher frame rates. Can't recommend as of yet.UPDATE:  Beta patch installed. Nvidia drivers up to date.  Only slightly better performance. Still crappy FPS and stutter problems at HIGH settings and above at 1280 x 720!!!!!!  Still can't recommend.I'd like to see a Vram meter usage bar in the grapics options to clarify how much each individual option uses"
,Not Recommended,403640,26739721,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Hedonistic Clam,"Game breaking bug on mission 5.SPOILERS AHEAD:On my playthrough, it's not possible to get Clean Hands. I play with 5 extra saves on rotation, but by the time I discovered the bug, none of them were at a point prior to taking out the two alley witches. I got 2 kills when flipping the switch. Reloaded an earlier save, and sleep darted both. And now I have 1 kill that can't be avoided, even by sleep darting them even more. No witches dying from falling from turtle or chandelier or wherever. I've checked all over the level after shutting down the machine, and the only two that die are the alley witches.There isn't even a ""restart level"" option.I can't recommend a game that this long after release MIGHT be playable on a future patch..."
76561198131235457,Not Recommended,403640,26755076,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,spiral141,"Framerate stutters and Horrible optimization. I actually expected better from a developer like bethesda, but sadly I was proved wrong. I can't recommend this game at the moment unless they fix th framerate issues and optimize their god damned game. Don't get me wrong, I am a huge fan of Dishonored and from what I've played of this, the story seems to be on par with the original in terms of quality. I want to believe that getting a better graphics card would help (I have a GTX 660 Twin Frozr), but considering other people's reviews, it doesn't seem like it would help.Hope this helpsSpiral"
,Not Recommended,403640,28355013,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,WraithKind,"As a fan of the original, I was looking forward to playing Dishonored 2. In the original, I really enjoyed the stealth aspect, and the ability to get creative with the different abilities. Dishonored 2 brings more of the same in abundance. This is both good and bad. Here's my (spoiler free) breakdown, but the TL:DR version - I give it a 5/10;Graphics: There's a bit of polish on the game engine when compared to the original Dishonored. Unfortunately hovering over some items can be hit-or-miss in terms of whether or not the interaction prompt becomes visible. This, I found frustrating - especially when you are taking out a guard during a tight window, and trying to throw said guard over your shoulder to go hide the body.The Story: The story is good, and works well with the narrative backdrop of books and newspapers. It is engaging, pulling the player along into a mystery that is fairly complex, though at times a little confusing unless you understand some core concepts behind the game's world, such as what the void is, and how it works. I also enjoyed the few easter eggs dropped in referring back to various NPC's and side quests in Dishonored.The Game Mechanics & Gameplay: This, I feel, is where the game mostly fails. A vast majority of the game plays exactly like the old game, with some small variation. Instead of rats, you have bloodflies. They have additional security features and guard types, but aside from that, it is variation on a theme. I felt like they had the opportunity to really shake things up with game mechanics, but really...they didn't.That's not to say they didn't introduce some very interesting gameplay - they did, and the ""new"" stuff I really enjoyed. For starters, you can choose to play Emily, who also has her own unique abilities. Additionally, they introduce a really cool mechanic towards the latter half of the game. Unfortunately, I do not believe they capitalized on the mechanics introduced, making it more of a gimmick to play with only sparingly rather than an integral part of the gameplay loop for the late game.Last, but not least, after several ""missions"" the game starts feeling old and repetitive, in spite of some attempts to introduce new, late-game mechanics to keep things interesting. This, quite frankly, outweighed my enjoyment of the story, and eventually found it a struggle to continue playing.Conclusion: While there's been some noticeable upgrades, and provides the player with another great story in the Dishonored universe, it suffers and ultimately fails on its failure to evolve its gameplay. Iteration is not evolution."
,Recommended,403640,27881790,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,FrostRCK,"I am a huge fan of the first Dishonored game, but after reading lots of negative reviews regarding how this game is a bad port, I was very hesitant to purchase Dishonored 2. I did not own the game at its release so I do not know how terrible the port is on the first couple days after the release, but since Betheda released the 1.2 patch that is supposed to fix the problems, I decided to give the game a try.Specs:i5 4690k 3.5GHzGTX 9708GB RAMGame is installed on a regular hardrive (non-SSD) and overall the loads and reloads are fairly fast. I have put the graphics on High (there is Very High and Ultra above it) and turned on the special effects (Godrays, etc.) and the game runs at mid-70s FPS. In my 9ish hours of gameplay the game did crash twice, but with autosave it didn't really cause any troubles. Overall, I believe the devs has fixed the problem and the game is definitely playable at this moment.Now about the game.It's amazing and I love it. Of course the ""take back what's yours"" storyline isn't new, but so far I am enjoying the story even though I am only on mission 4/10 (I think?). Your abilities vary depending on who you choose, but every single ability can be further improved and upgraded on multiple levels by using runes. The graphics and Emily/Corvo's actions are very smooth and a lot more stunning, and there are so many ways to pass/bypass a certain objective that you will not feel restricted to one playstyle and you can certainly develop your own. The city of Karnaca is beautiful, voice acting is on point. On top of that, you get to craft your own bonecharms and even runes!I am very pleased with this game, and if I have to be very picky I would say that sometimes the narrations/dialogues end on a very awkward statement/sentence, reminds me of myself talking to girls in middle school.Great game 9/10 definitely would recommend given that you computer has no trouble running it.Major bug: The Strong Arms bonecharm is supposed to reduce the time it takes to choke an enemy, but the bug makes it take even longer to render someone unconscious, so do not equip that particular bonecharm until update."
76561198312623125,Not Recommended,403640,26594554,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Public Enemy407,bad optimization
,Not Recommended,403640,26592592,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Zelrion | ReaX,Awesome Gameplay.. Horrid Performance
,Not Recommended,403640,26529706,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,RonynCato (ಠ_ಠ),"At the time of this post I have logged 4.2 hours in this game. I'll probably have to curtail my hours in order to get a refund before the time limit ends.And here I thought I had finally learned my lesson about pre-ordering games.Some notes:Mouse lag and floatinessGame does not have an Easy Mode. It has something called 'Easy Mode'. It isn't.I'll probably get it on PS4, it's been a while before I've used my Netflix machine for actual games :PUpdate: Apparently the Void Engine is nothing more than a modded version of another engine that has many inherent performance problems. As such it will probably not be fixed.I had already decided to never buy another Fallout or Elder Scrolls game because of Bethesda's inability to distinguish a QA tester from a paying customer. However I may have to stop buying Arkane's games as well.Hopefully I'll let this be my final lesson to never buy games on launch ever again. I strongly encourage others to do likewise.Also, the startup loading screen is unacceptably long"
,Recommended,403640,28250140,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Thank You,"Dishonored 2 is an unbelievably well-made sequel to the legendary first game.  The story is, simply put, amazing, having rolled in characters and locations from the first game and its DLCs, as well as a plethora of new characters and environments.  The world is beautiful and the maps are designed marvelously, providing players with even more variety in how they wish to execute the tasks of each mission than the first game.  The familiar powers from Dishonored are available, as well as a great many upgrades to those powers, alongside an entirely new character with fully unique powers.  The game is truly a pleasure to play and unlike some other story games, it possesses a good amount of replay value, if not only to see variance in the ending, but also to try different powers and approaches for the missions."
,Recommended,403640,31440632,Posted: 29 April,all,MisterSir.toot,"I played and beat the first Dishonored on the console probably about 5 times, both High Chaos and Low Chaos, ghost mode, non lethal, the combos. It was simply breathtaking, everything you could do. All the choices that affected the game, everywhere you could go. It was perfection, Dishonored was simply perfection. All the little details added so you can find story clues likeEmily being Corvo's daughterin notes and dialogue. You basically just assuming the heart was Jessamine, and not completely knowing. The ending song being created just for Dishonored, and giving me goosebumps even thinking about it.Playing Dishonored 2 only one time through, high chaos, high kill, on Emily (I usually do that first as to not worry about loading saves), I can say the game definitely lives up to its predecessor. With new powers, there are new ways to kil;, and new ways to explore. Having the choice to play as either Emily or Corvo BLEW my mind, and it makes the replay value for the game 100% better. The dialogue and the game changes extremely well depending on how you play the game, better than the original Dishonored. There are many subtle things that hint towards the way your character is perceived to be (high chaos or low chaos), instead of in the first one it would be more rats and plagued people, it feels more natural in the second one. There are more game changing choices when it comes to how you kill or neutralize people, which people you choose to deal with, and how you approach missions than in the original Dishonored, and it is always satisfying. The heart also has more of an impact on this game than it did in the first. I feel like the heart goes deeper and has lots more to say about the main characters in this game compared to Dishonored. Even though the enemies usually still have one line.The level design in this game are absolutely astounding. Two levels take the cake, the later missions being theClockwork Mansion and Stanis' housethat are so unbelievably done well to me, I can't believe they didn't add more of them. I am very much looking forward to replaying the game with different chaos modes, and different characters, combining either or for different story options.There are a few cons, however, comapred to the first Dishonored.One of them being the ending cinematic in this game. It's good, but compared to the first... This one has NOTHING on it. The music in this cinematic is mediocre lore music, and the cinematic itself simply explains a few characters, instead of foreshadowing the future completely like it did in Dishonored 1.Also, the main, *MAIN* storyline for Dishonored 2, was unfortunately a little predictable, and the last boss fight wasn't as crazy as I anticipated it to be. The levels and interactions between characters up until this point is sooooo satisfactory, but unfortunately you knew basically as soon as you found out Delilah was taking your spot as Empress, that you were going to be battling her. The fight seemed pretty short, and doesn't allow too many ways to kill her and that fit with the story, from what I've seen. I was hoping they weren't going to go with the generic ending, and they kinda didn't withthe paintingand that stuff, but it still didn't knock my socks off like the story to Dishonored did. Minor things, minor things.Also, your allies in this game seem very bland. Meagan always being mysterious, and you only find out her background on the last mission, and it only explains her for a second in the cinematic. Same with Sokolov. It simply explains with a few sentences what ""happens"" to him down the road, not even very well. With how emotional they made Sokolov's story during the game, the really simmered down on his actual cinematic. They do damn near nothing all game, besides brief you on your missions. There aren't many interactions with them you can have. It seemed very dead-end-ish compared to the first one. Especially because the mystery of Meagan started off very strong, with it slowly being buried underneath the main storyline, simply to be scraped at during the cinematic.Those are three things that bothered me off the top of my head. BUT, even though those are cons, the mission where you have to get Sokolov brought me to tears, literally, as embarassing as that is, even though his cinematic is♥♥♥♥♥♥ Using the heart to find out more about the character and their thoughts, emotions, the lore to the game. That mission was really heavy hearted.Beautifully done, Arkane. Amazing game. It is the game I have ever felt completely immersed in, and I have had my share of time into Elder Scrolls and Fallout games, and other single player games. I was completely lost and forgot about my own life and the time it was while playing this, just like I was in the first one. Completely lost. So immersed into the world and gameplay of this masterpiece. Dishonored and Dishonored 2 aresome of the... No..THEbest, well made games, I have ever played, and any time anyone asks me what my favorite game ever is, I tell them Dishonored. Now, I can say, ""The Dishonored games."""
,Not Recommended,403640,26616476,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,H.I. McDunnough,"Before I begin my review of the game, let's address the elephant in the room.  This port is, in it's current state, utterly broken.  I got lucky.  I have a GTX 1070, i56600k, and 12 gigs ram and aside from having to bump the settings down to medium to avoid the awful stuttering it is totally playable for me at around 40-50ish fps.  Many people with all sorts of setups are having issues, people with titans that can't hit 20 fps.  It is pretty bonkers.  There are numerous theories as to where the issues lie and I am confident Arkane can fix it fairly easily and quickly.  Yes, Bethesda pushing the ""Preorder to play a day early"" was sketchy and scummy when the game is broken.  As of right now the port makes this a not recommended.  I am waiting on playing it further until a proper patch is released.  That being said...Dishonored 2 the actual game part of it is phenomenal.  The oil painted artsyle from the original looks better than ever.  The storyline is fascinating, the design and aesthetics are great, and of course the gameplay whether you choose stealth or combat is so refreshing.  Chaos is now represented in a graph like chart so you can see where you are aligned with the story at the end of a mission.  Going through on non-lethal and ghost with Emily has been so much fun.  She has many new powers that make playing non lethal much more exciting.  This has clearly been a labor of love from Arkane.  I don't see them as a studio just to blow this off, I am hopeful and optimistic that a big performance patch will be on it's way soon.  The Arcane Studios twitter account has confirmed they are investigating PC issues.  I want to see them get recognition for their tremendous product.EDIT:  Nearly 2 weeks from release and we have lousy 1.1-1.2 beta patches that do nothing.  Very sad and upset.  Arkane used to be a studio I could trust.  Welp, gotta cross another developer off the list.EDIT 2:  The latest 1.3 patch makes it playable for me personally, with still much to be desired.  I get around 80+ fps with frequent dips below 45.  It is really aggravating.  I am trying to push through and play the game.  The game itself is fantasstic, it is just a shame the engine is garbage."
,Not Recommended,403640,26516771,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Frosta,Had many hours in First Dishonored - Great GameDishonored 2 - Port from console / bad optimization / bad quality.Dont recommend this game for now - ( if nothing change ( no patches / no drivers ) - dont buy it.Arcane / Bethesda - TY FOR PORT FROM CONSOLE ! GG - PC gaming dead already.
,Not Recommended,403640,28110738,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Spooky Lizard,Release date: When bethesda decides to patch their games on pc.... so never I guess.
76561198253391568,Not Recommended,403640,26551298,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Moth Bazooka,"*Sees thousands of reviews warning me that it won't work**Thinks newest i7 with GeForce 745 would be enough to handle it**Buys it**Doesn't work**Plays Dishonored 1 instead*I hope the patch comes out before two weeks, otherwise it's refund time. All PC games, even current gen, should at least run on a GTX 745."
,Not Recommended,403640,28916775,Posted: 1 January,all,Nathaniel,"GTX 750ti, AMD Anthlon X4 760k (i5i3 equivalent however features worse performance than the i5), and 8gb of ram. Both running stock speeds. While my equipment is getting on in years, I do meet the minimum requirements. The performance is attrotious, honestly.I have no doubt in my mind that this is a good game (except that Corvo doesn't shut the hell up), but the performance is inexcusable even after the patches. I strongly recommend that you wait for more patches to come out that fix performance problems, even if the game is on sale. Why Arkane didn't stick to the Unreal Engine (which runs very well) and instead opted for Id Tech 5 (which does not) is beyond me, but it is what it is.1280x720, everything on very low. Averages about 40fps when looking at the sky and sub 30 when looking anywhere else in the first open area. Half vsync does not half the framerate and appears to do nothing. 30fps hard cap introduces extreme stuttering and input delay, even with triple buffering enabled. Essentially needed to half the resolution and make the game look worse than Dishonored 1 in order to achieve half the framerate. Really couldn't justify waiting around so I refunded. I am willing to buy it again at full price when/if the performance issues are sorted out on medium range systems.Please don't comment telling everyone how you experience no issues running a 1080/Titan and an i7 because that is a high end system, and most performance problems affect those with medium range systems. Thank you.All in all either wait for more performance patches or purchase this on consoles.Edit: Noticed a typo months after typing this, lol. Meant to say ""even with triple buffering enabled"", not disabled."
,Not Recommended,403640,26594945,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Aethybryr,"I want to like it so bad, but it runs so badly. Most of the 8 or so hours I've played so far have been me trying to tweak settings so it doesn't seize up."
76561198015393527,Not Recommended,403640,28164621,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,morgan.butler.esq,"Loved the last one, was warned this lagged, but I still bought it, having a decent rig. Big mistake. Unplayably slow. Another game that wasn't ready for release. It is ridiculous that we accept this shoddy crap constantly. There should be a trial period of even an hour or so with all games where you can choose to get your money back if the game does not meet reasonable expectation. Consumer rights anybody?"
,Not Recommended,403640,28177155,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,TheOmega,I've tried so hard over and over. I've waited weeks for it to be updated and I still can't play it. The updates only made it worse. I try to move and nothing happens for like 10 seconds. Average fps of 30 with frequent fps drops to 1 or crashing completely on the lowest quality possible. Most of the time I just crash before I get to the title screen. Yet I can play the first on high and have high fps and no problems. This is absolutely unnacceptable.
,Not Recommended,403640,28822877,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Mystic BADWOLF,"Don't. If you want a good dishonored game to play, play the first one. I don't know how they managed it, but when I play on graphics settings that make this game look worse than the first, it still doesn't run as well. The gameplay for the first game is  at least twice as good, at less than half the price. If you have already beaten the first game, do it again. And if you have already played it through twice, go for all acheivements like I did, you will have more fun this way than playing this bug ridden, unoptimized, excuse for a sequel to the first game."
76561198033840301,Not Recommended,403640,28298506,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Moxuz,"Getting around 30fps at medium graphics on a GTX 970. Lots of fluctuations. Maybe I'll try it again when they improve performance. (I do have the performance patch, I can't imagine what it was like before.)"
76561198061747115,Not Recommended,403640,28303306,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Sk8_,"This port is just as ♥♥♥♥♥ty as No man's Sky. I am a gigantic Dishonored fan and though I got dupped paying for this game, the game is great the port is horrible. I will use my youtube channel to let every one I can reach know just how terrible the performance is. Arkane studios really disapointed me with this port. Its trash. Will runs like crap on a gtx 980 and a gtx 960m no matter what I try."
76561198276190994,Not Recommended,403640,31021508,Posted: 8 April,all,51578042,"The game itself is OK.BUT, it CRASHES from time to time, unpredictably, on BOTH of my computer."
76561198080755650,Recommended,403640,28934557,Posted: 2 January,all,slammer,"After waiting a while to purchase this on sale after a few patches I'm really enjoying it!  The gameplay, graphics and how you can choose a stealthy playthrough or an in your face style one are awesome!  I've had no issues so far and game runs smooth for me!"
76561198021762473,Not Recommended,403640,26530362,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Jonesy,Amazing game runs like ****.
,Recommended,403640,32801420,Posted: 25 June,all,Rector ❖,Great Story <3
,Recommended,403640,28764791,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Mark,"Pros+Fun+Runs well (now)+Good Story+Cool Powers+Replayablility+Many ways to complete levelCons-Didn't run well at launch-Way too short for price (finished first playthrough in about 8 hours)-New OutsiderOverallIt's a great game and a fantastic sequel, but the game is way too short to warrent even a $40 dollar price tag, let alone a $60 DollarFinal VerdictBuy it when its about half off. It's a great game, but the price mainly is what holds it back. I'm running this with a gtx 970, i5 3570, and 16gb ram"
76561198295618486,Not Recommended,403640,31426808,Posted: 28 April,all,adrianlh_88_2009,"This game really needs to sorted frame fluctuations are atrocious, nausea and vomiting aboundPatch it, fix it or refund everyone their hard earned - a bad ported game is no way to win consumer confidenceAs much as the game story appears intriguing it's marred by shoddy FPS after mission 1, hit Karnaca and even with a GTX 1080 lad test drivers is bad, bad badI am choosing to not recommend until it's fixed"
,Recommended,403640,33165142,Posted: 2 July,all,LORD GENDRY,"really fun game, story is kinda bad though"
76561198057381037,Not Recommended,403640,28647970,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,𝗁𝗂𝖽𝖺𝗄𝖺,Still too poorly optimized. 40-ish frames outside on high settings. My computer should take this 60fps outside on very high if not ultra. Do not buy till they sort this out.(Granted I haven't played too much as you can tell by my playtime. I didn't want to force myself to play on terrible frames if I get the chance to play it at better rates later and have an overall better experience)
76561198200435198,Not Recommended,403640,26529398,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,king of hell,i have 1.8 hours in this game and i stil havent gotten to play it it just crashes on THE ♥♥♥♥ING LOADING SCREEN FOR THE ♥♥♥♥ING TITLE SCREEN
,Recommended,403640,26536932,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Pet,"Classic dishonored, if you're into stealth games then this is definitely for you.  Replayability value for the story, and alternate protagonist with different powers. Other than that, its a pretty short campaign. I'd wait for sale."
,Not Recommended,403640,28220440,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,goblin survivalist,w8 for fixes
76561197992928861,Not Recommended,403640,26669968,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Robinhola,The game doesn't go beyond the intro movie clips on my configuration which is AMD Rx480 and a Phenom II x4 955
76561198031380196,Not Recommended,403640,26609712,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,The Hound,zero excuse for how poorly this game runs. Graphics are set to LOW and my framerate dips below 10 fps when I go outside and sometimes when I'm indoors for seemingly no reason. Absolutely horrendous.
,Not Recommended,403640,26666179,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,ccwky12,"*Disclaimer*Though unlike all the other reviews, my review is not purely because of Arkane's abysmal release state for this product. However is related.*Disclaimer*So, i played and loved this game, i fought HARD against the problems, though not many affected my machine, (for those who haven't given up, v-sync increased my FPS 2 times as much)  I played through both campaigns and found all the powers riveting and utterly fantastic, the story was pretty lacking but the world is engrossing as ever so you can look past it easily. HOWEVER, I encountered a bug, and i tried everything i could think of to fix said problem, i tried to run it as administrator, verified game cache, i tried to fix it in the settings of the game though i couldn't access said menus, i tried to update my drivers for everything. but nothing worked.SO, this bug is quite unusual, the bug itself was that when i launched the game, the load screen (and all preceding screens that would load) took up only an eighth of the screen whereas the rest of the program was a black screen, then when trying to fix it by running it as administrator, the problem worsened, now it took up only a sixteenth of the screen. and revoking it's admin privileges did nothing. So i did what was left to do, i was going to reinstall the game.*Disclaimer*The rest of the review is about steam itself, if you aren't interested in how steam ♥♥♥♥ed it's♥♥♥♥♥♥up again please disregard the rest of this review and thank you for reading it thus far.*Disclaimer*So i uninstalled the game, and i started downloading it again and it was nearly finished when suddenly it stopped and a dialog box appeared, ""CONTENT FILE LOCKED"" it read, i was of course confused and looked this up and was lead to a steam support page, i sighed and prayed it'd be an easily fixed problem, in theory it should be. i followed the steam support page instructions on how to correct this issue, but they didn't work, so i tried them again, but it didn't work. So now i am physically unable to even troubleshoot this game that i honestly loved and i even went to the trouble of filing a steam refund ticket, despite the fact that the chances i'll actually get it is almost nill. However I'll update this review if i do recieve it.Though most of the reason i wrote this review is for the steam mess up, i would like to stress this is still a negative review, i can easily run battlefield 1 on ultra but i can hardly run this game at all.TL;DR: Weird issue; couldnt fix because of multiple reasons; tried to reinstall, steam servers messed up; now i'm upset; don't get this game unless you're a HUGE fan or extremely patient."
76561198119376787,Not Recommended,403640,26684039,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Single 'N' Sad,"horrible optimization, not recommended till its fixed"
,Recommended,403640,26709731,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Coven_,"Just giving a heads up to all the new negative reviews here. The >BETA< version of the patch IS OUT. I'm playing on high settings with a steady 60 FPS, even in the bigger areas, with no problems. Instruction for the patch are avalible in the news section or on google"
76561198028968244,Recommended,403640,26742808,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,icenderZ47,The game was previously unplayable but in the recent beta patch they optimized the game to a way better state. I highly recommend going back to see the massive fps increase. I personally got a decent fps increase from around 30-40 up to 60.TO GET THE BETA PATCH- Right click Dishonored 2 in library-properties-Betas-Then select the recent beta patch
,Not Recommended,403640,26723058,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Mrugby08,Credits start and then it crashes.  Absolutely no excuse  for releasing a game on PC like this.   Going to ask for a refund;  never had to do this before.
76561198050787659,Recommended,403640,30953091,Posted: 4 April,all,ZeroKelvin,"Everything good about the first game, but on rocket fuel. Superb world, voice acting, mechanics, art style, and just the right length.Buy at any price, assuming the marginal utility you receive from it is equal to the marginal cost of buying one more unit....I should not have written this while studying Economics."
76561198097459856,Not Recommended,403640,26577963,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,domgentilucci,"After being a huge fan of the original dishonored and logging hundreds of hours in the game I jumped on board to preorder this game.  DO NOT BUY THIS GAME. The optimization is horrendous.  My computer runs The Witcher 3 at 60 fps with medium settings.  With everything turned “very low” and all antialiasing and vertical sync off there is still a 3 second delay between hitting a button and seeing something happen in game.  I am so disappointed that this is something that Bethesda and Arkane studios produced.  I can’t even give a review of the limited story I have seen so far because the game is so impossible to even play.  These guys really dropped the ball, they should be ashamed of this product."
76561198004076605,Recommended,403640,26514459,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Ninjabullets,"I know for a fact, after seeing what the new combat and environment has to offer, that I'm going to love this game. I loved the first dishonored.MY RIG:Intel core i5 4460 3.2GHzSSD + HDDGeForce 1070 8GB16 GB RAMHopefully Arkane starts working on patches soon. I'm still gonna put this review at recommended because despite some fps issues the game is shaping up to be fun as hell.Edit: THE 1.2 BETA PATCH FIXES MOST OF IF NOT ALL OF THE PERFORMANCE PROBLEMS."
,Recommended,403640,26744035,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Cryhog,"My Easy Purchasing Guide:Are you paralyzed by games that run badly on release?If yes, skip this one until patches are released.If no, buy it.Before I get started: Dishonored 2 is a direct continuation of #1. If you didn't play Dishonored 1, I'd say you're missing out on one of gaming's greatest experiences and you should go play that before starting this one. Assuming you have played #1....Dishonored 2 is a beautiful, multilayered stealth / action game with multiple paths to every mission and a fairly comprehensive story and cast of characters to back it up. It's kind of what you'd get if you took Thief 2 and aged it up to more modern sensibilities. Where Thief 2 was slow and methodical, Dishonored excels at fast-paced stealth and subterfuge. The magical abilities each character unlocks help broaden the already wide net of possible ways to approach missions and individual encounters.The art is fantastic -- everything is stylized and beautiful, with most textures feeling hand-painted rather than photogrammetry-driven. The characters are interesting and... my god, the amount of incidental dialogue you can encounter by sneaking or using items is truly jaw-dropping. There are so many pieces of written plot, snippets of overheard conversation and background information you can pick up that the world feels much, much more well-defined than most games that are much more RPG-ish. The action is great, the world is coherent and the game feels more like a comprehensive world than any I can remember in recent times.That being said, the game's performance is bad. It's absolutely bad. It's not GAME DESTROYING bad, despite what other Steam reviews might lead you to think, but it's not great. Especially considering that idTech 5 is designed to hit 60fps at all times -- it's quite bizarre that this game runs so poorly. I remain convinced that it's going to get fixed, but it's a shame that it doesn't run well right now. And it's totally unknown as to when it will be fixed.Basically I think this review comes down to one thing: Do you want to support story-driven, complex stealth / action games that are clearly made with love and devotion but run poorly, or do you want to support Call of Battlefield 9 that runs fantastically but is crapped out every year on some aging engine by committee? Because that's what purchasing this game is about. The game is awesome -- it really, really is. It runs badly. That's true too. You can decide how much those matter to you."
,Recommended,403640,27705679,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Elijah,"People say that there are a lot of bugs in the game. Two things in my perspective could be the possible answer: There are no bugs in the game and everything is working just fine and everyone is lying sacks of♥♥♥♥♥♥ Or; I've only seen PC gameplay and I don't actually know that my game is bugging like crazy. I think I'm going to go with option number 2.Oh, great game by the way."
76561197982373309,Not Recommended,403640,26586386,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Marthicus,"I5, 1080, 16gm of ram. 40-50 FPS. Sigh"
,Recommended,403640,28522624,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,InannaEloah,"Meh, this game is okay, but it's not as good as the original Dishonored by any stretch of the imagination.  Powers like Blink (or Far Reach if you're playing as Emily) insist of putting you in the wrong place even when you've made sure to get your aim absolutely perfect.  AI seems almost omniscient sometimes, while being dumb as a brick other times.The story is good and engaging, but the game is much more buggy than Dishonored 1 was.  I've gotten framerate dips, artifacts, controls not working properly, and even CTDs wtihout any warning at all during combat situations.Seriously, Arkane Studios made an absolutely awesome game in Dishonored 1.  I was pleasantly surprised when I found out that Bethesda had published an almost totally bug-free gaming experience.  But now I guess Arkane has decided that in order to be more successful, they need to follow Beth's example and make their games really super buggy.I mean, I like Dishonored. and I do actually like this game, but damnit Arkane, fix it already!All this said, I do recommend this game.  But be warned: it's buggier by far than its predecessor, and chances are good that you will encounter technical issues and crashes.  But all in all, it is a fun game, and it's a decent continuation of the Dishonored franchise.  Not the best that could ever be done, but it is good enough for a recommendation."
,Not Recommended,403640,26529215,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Broseidon,"Wait a few years for hardware to be developed that can run this properly, since Bethesda doesn't seem to think there is anything wrong with 20-30 FPS performance."
76561198072789794,Not Recommended,403640,26622407,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,James K. Polk,This game is like a box of chocolates. You never know what you're going to get. Seriously though I have a powerful PC and this game runs like♥♥♥♥♥♥ Don't buy until they patch or just see if it runs well and if it doesnt then refund it.
76561197985213815,Not Recommended,403640,27429330,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,† ѿǏȵϯʓṝ †,"I'd love to recommend this game but as many others have stated, It's broken. I barely get 60 fps at very high settings on the best of days and the frame rate drops to below 30 on a very regular basis. It also doesn't matter what settings I change, the performance stays exactly the same. Terrible. The game really is unplayable at this point and the patch didn't help me at all so I've been forced to request a refund through Steam (which is a wonderful feature). My hardware include 16 gigs of ram and a gtx 980 ti which should be more than enough to play the game.For those that somehow are reading this on my Steam page or simply aren't familiar with the issues about this game, it's a very common problem for us PC gamer's. I guess you guys will just have to wait for a patch or request a refund like me. Such a shame too because from the 71 minutes I played, the game seems awesome, just like the first one was. I guess I'll just have to play the console version, even though this is obviously a lazily done console port."
,Recommended,403640,28660074,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Frodo Laggins94™,"If you can handle the unstable performance, it's so worth itEdit: They fixed the buggy♥♥♥♥♥performance."
76561198018919633,Not Recommended,403640,30563855,Posted: 16 March,all,MagicMaaan!,This game crashed 6 times the first night I booted it up. I made 10 minutes of actual-play progress through the game before I got fed up and quit. This PC release is not finished--Dihonored 2 is poior software craftsmanship.
,Not Recommended,403640,26517578,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Juanehawks,"Myself and a whole bunch of others have been trying for over 12 hours to just get this game to not crash before the main menu even starts. So, for us there's no gameplay even though we preordered it for the sole purpose of getting to play the game one day early. Until Arkane or Bethesda will even verbally address this issue (which is effecting lots of game owners) I can't recommend anyone pay $60 for something that won't even get to the main menu.Here's our thread on the issue:http://steamcommunity.com/app/403640/discussions/0/217690940939467927/"
,Not Recommended,403640,28230779,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,shkeptikal,"Tl;dr: same story as everyone else. Optimization was and to an extent is (for some) still terrible. Release state was abysmal. Wait for more patches and a sale.My rig:i5 4690k OC 4.4GHzGTX970 SSC16GB ram (8x8 in single channel due to faulty mob)Runs Titanfall 2 and BF1 maxed out smoothly despite single channel ram so take what you will from that.As of patch 1.3 (almost one month since release) there are still some weird graphical issues going on but it seems mostly smoothed out if you fiddle with the settings enough. I managed to get stable framerates at 1080p by locking the FPS to 45 and turning most things up to very high. That being said, the game shouldn't have been released on PC as it was. A delay would have been preferable. Arkane and Bethesda messed up.As most reviewers have said, I'd probably give the game a thumbs up if not for the state of the optimization. It's got a well built world to play around in and the NPC's are less rigid than most other games. They seem to be a living part of the world rather than just set pieces. The dialogue can be a bit cringe at points, but it's rare enough to be forgivable. I had a few frustrations with the control scheme at first but it's definitely workable. Overall it's an enjoyable experience if you're a fan of the stealth genre or the world of Dishonored.As for the graphics, it's a pretty game. It really is. Is it the prettiest game of 2016? No. Battlefield 1 is by far better looking and Titanfall 2 (made in heavily modified Source, btw) is as well imo. Opinions over art style will differ, but in plain graphical fidelity it's pretty handily beaten by other holiday releases. The issues people have had since release are not because this is a new AAA game with the fanciest graphics to date that require a beasty GPU with 6-8gb of vram to run, it's because Arkane chose to cannibalize the ID Tech engine and turn it into the Void engine. I assume because it was at hand and saved on licensing fees. Wrong move on their part.If you really wanna give the game a shot I HIGHLY recommend waiting for a sale or picking it up on console. Definitely don't give Bethesda/Arkane your $60 for this either way. They knew the state of the game when they released it and took advantage of Bethesda's new day 1 review policy to push it out the door anyway. I regret buying at release and being too stubborn to return it while I had the chance. By this time next year it'll hit less than half price in Steam sales and (hopefully) be properly optimized. This will definitely be my last day 1 purchase from Bethesda for a long time to come."
,Not Recommended,403640,26634475,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,SeeFights,NO Do not get this game. please dont. Keeps you CPU above 75+ will either blow up your house or turn you PC off after playing for 10 mins
,Not Recommended,403640,28168374,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Killa XXL,"So usually when I see a bunch of reviews talking about bugs or optimization problems when they first come out I roll my eyes and say how bad could it be and after buying and playing the game usually i dont see anything wrong with it. This is not the case. The game is so horribly optimized no matter what graphical settings you have it will still stutter and just wont look good. I have a OC 980TI and im pust pulling 50 fps on medium settings, like really?? Gameplay wise it looks good but I cant play it until these bugs are fixed"
76561198011083966,Not Recommended,403640,26740254,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,chetlee,"Pro's1) Graphicly ♥♥♥♥♥♥ic2) Great story line and lore3) Alternative ways to complete levelsCon's1) Way overpriced for the lenght of the game!2) Made for pc xbox 1  ps4 ( would of been a way better game had it been made for pc). but dumbed down to be played on cheap consoles.3) Spend more time looking for items and upgrades then acually getting into fights4) Games that were 10 years old had way more lvls and action parts (eg) probly 20-30 enemys, for 10 levels, means not alot of replay valueThe develpors obviously spend the time making the game look great but it almost feels empty, it requires so much from a pc for so little game im sure and xbox 1 or ps4 is 1/4 of the preformance of my pc. Yet its playable on them consoles R.I.PMass effects 2.  Skyrim were twice to 3 times the game of this one at one thrid the price :(..... maybe they didn't look as good but it took me longer then 10 hours to beat them games"
76561198056353835,Not Recommended,403640,26734743,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,PanSpaceman,"I can't play the game in its current state. It's like everything's swimming in syrup it's so slow.Edit: I've heard the game was fixed at this point, still awfully choppy. It's a shame because I love Dishonored 1 and it's DLC, and my hype (and being honest, my money) feels wasted because I can't play (and by extension, enjoy) the game I'd love to play."
76561198316439659,Not Recommended,403640,26739573,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,VamSorr,"If you've played the first Dishonored then dont bother with this one. Dishonored 2 has the exact same mechanics, plot and details as the first game, even the cities look similar. Overall Dishonored 2 is just a ♥♥♥♥♥ier version of Dishonored its definetly not worth the $60"
,Not Recommended,403640,26579290,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Purple Heart,"30fps? Wut? is Ultra Settings??Ok lemme adjust it to Very Low,Wut still 30fps?Ok lemme just quit and be done with this♥♥♥♥♥♥for a little while....Will wait until 60fps Corvo"
76561198119356184,Not Recommended,403640,26529988,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,PixieCat87,"I am sure it is a great game. Or it would be if the controls didn't lag, changing controler sensitivity acutally changed anything AT ALL or if the steam controler had anything other than a touch pad for camera controls. I spen so much time diying trying to run because my mouse didn't wan to turn smoothly or the controler wanted to turn too far."
,Recommended,403640,34233158,Posted: 14 August,all,Masonic Theory,"I've just finished Dishonored 2 for my 1st time and I feel like I have to contribute by writing a review.+: I really liked that there are more stealth powers to acquire, as previous game was almost forcing me to kill people, considering the powers I was given (but I finished it in low chaos tho), but in Dishonored 2 there are more interesting ways for stealth. For example, here right from the 1st mission the guards are all in positions where it is not easy to take them out unnoticed, however in Dishonored 1 I just knocked down everybody easily and could run across the halls. It doesn't work here and I love it, the game challenges you more, especially when you play without powers. I might try it sometime, because I feel I wouldn't survive without Blink and Bend Time (especially in the last missions).What's good too is that missions are more different from each other than in the last game, sometimes gameplay changed a whole lot (in the 7th mission, for example, I really suggest you playing that mission). And again, there are a lot of tricky ways in order to get runes and bonecharms and to complete missions as well. Oh, and the new Void is much better. Overseers here are also more developed and it is great that they don't seem now as a bunch of crazy religious people as they seemed in the last game.-: I'd say the main downside for me in this game was that I had to wait about 8 month to play this game. Welp I preordered it and I was sure I can play it, because even though my old laptop was... old, the minimum requirements were met. Anyway, even at the minimum visuals I couldn't play it, fps dropped to 10 or 5 so I decided to play it once I get a new laptop. Now that I've got it I'm not that amazed by visuals, I have no clue why the game was so demanding in this case.I liked the plot how it began, but as it followed it was quite disappointing. In previous Dishonored the story was like a rollercoaster, you could never tell what's going to be next and you were so excited. Here, there are far fewer surprises for you and the ending is like (I played on low chaos) oh you didn't kill anyone so here you are a great ending for you, and everyone lived happy the end. I hoped for something unexpectable, really, but the whole thing was basically just about one woman from Dishonored 1 DLCs. Nothing so special.In any case, I recommend playing this game because it is interesting and wonderful. My rating would be 8/10That's everything for now. I may edit my review as I play more or get some new ideas."
20200313101341223,Not Recommended,403640,28657313,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Jazza,"This game is a joke, I spent $55 aud on a unfinished product. I opened the game to instant preformance issues I thought oh well it cant be that bad well 5m im running 15fps at the starting area..... they wil not spend anymore time on this game its a joke. I was so exited to play this after playing the first but no i get this♥♥♥♥♥♥.....wow"
,Recommended,403640,28441109,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,iHi†sTheSpo†,"GOTY 16 contender. Had some intial flaws. Still could have better fps. Although I am running a single 1080 on 4k with auto settings to mostly ultra. The parts it slows down unforunately seem to be just the game and not the equipment. Yes, you might gain a few frames here and there on console. but I will take the glorious visuals on pc with a few hiccups versus the grainy less detailed console counterpart.Stick with it, the last patch greatly improved this game unfortunately the overall rating suffers from bad launches."
,Recommended,403640,34767283,Posted: 5 September,all,Gopnik,"One of my favorite games! Story, gameplay, visuals, its all just amazing. I would definitly recommend this game if you enjoy brutal combat and amazing storylines."
76561198151493019,Recommended,403640,30091506,Posted: 21 February,all,Wolvershakes,"Pros:- great stealth- improved enemy AI- plenty of player freedom in all the missions- more collectibles, blueprints and powers than the original game- better combat system than the originalCons:- framerate is pretty bad in certain parts of the game- story feels more or less the same as the first game in my opinion- dialogue/voice-acting could have been betterDishonored 2 improves upon almost everything great about the first game, but has some framerate issues and bugs that hold it back. 8/10."
,Not Recommended,403640,26514275,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,finessedurmommy,"Alright, let me get this straight. From the first half hour or so the game seems to be great, but they need... No sorry, they 'have' to optimise it, check the steam store for yourself and read the reviews from fellow PC gamers - It runs like a f*cking downy child mate, I cannot fathom why devs just fail optimise games before release... It leaves me feeling cheated and thinking that almost all developers are completely inept.I'm gonna put this otherwise great game on hold until they put out a patch, and I do plan to write a full in depth review once I can actually play it ffs - Anyhow please do not buy Dishonored 2 in its current state..."
,Not Recommended,403640,26557276,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,The last of квас,Aaaah this graphics!111111 PATCH IT20 fps ultra 1440p vs 30fps 720 very low - what should I pick?GAUSSIAN BLUR 99999 or flickering Minecraft?Or mb I should blur ♥♥♥♥en minecraft?It's even more blurred when I run and jump aaaaaaaaaMY EYESPIDORY DAYTE POIGRAT UEBEKI
,Recommended,403640,26753886,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Balleflass,"First thing first!Most of the bad rep this game has got is because of performance issues.But I'm sure most of these (if not all) can be fixed by just going into Task Manager and set the priority of the game to Normal up from Low which is default for some reason.The best thing with the game is the enhanced gameplay over the first one (which is still great and my favorite for reasons stated later).SPOILER!!!SPOILER!!!SPOILER!!!SPOILER!!!SPOILER!!!The ending is pretty lackluster and non-climatic (I've only played as Corvo, maybe Emily's ending is different?).The way up to the last boss is pretty empty and filled with few mobs and boring maps compared to some of the best maps I have ever played like Jindosh's home and the Timeline bending palace which is just past the middle of the game.All in all a really enjoyable game up until the two last levels and boss fight."
,Not Recommended,403640,26513731,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Fuck u goof,"how they can release it in this condition is mind boggling. I have a top end rig and I still dip below 60fpsgtx 1070i5 6600k 4.5ghz16gb ddr4I have a 144hz monitor so if you own one, might as well lock it to 45 fps or something cause that's how low it gets it most of the time when you have to do actual gameplay like run away from enemies or blinkd around. Absolutely atrocious optomiziation, and to be frank; the game doesn't look good enough to justifiy the♥♥♥♥♥♥pooor performance. There is an amazing game undernear all this negativity, but the optimization is just unacceptable, specially if you own a decent system.my opinion of the game will most likely drastically change if the framerate issues get fixed.pros - Still the great dishonored world/gameplay you expect- AI is a lot better and more fun to experiment with-Difficulty is harder(due to AI being better), making the powers not feel so overpowered as of yetcons - Terrible mouse controls. Even at 130fps in  some areas, it feels like the game is running at a much lower framerate- Terrible optomization. Looking round a microinch will drastically change your framerate from over 90 to 40 on regular occasions- The game blatantly has false recommended system requirements"
,Not Recommended,403640,28547958,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,honey meat,FIX IT ARKANEpls :(
,Not Recommended,403640,26756835,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,xAnd0Legend,"Very poorly optimized. Couldn't tell you if the game was good because I couldn't make it past the first mission without obtaining a solid 20 FPS with all the settings on low. Hopefully the game will be fixed in time, it feels too rushed for now."
,Not Recommended,403640,26753969,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Saltiest Hotdog,"Dishonored has been a game that I absolutely fell in love with. I've played the original several times including all of the dlc, needless to say I was very excited for this game to come out. The second I saw the trailer for it I knew I was going to love it, I would even buy it if it looked terrible just because I love the series so much. The story in the original game was amazing, very gripping and made you want to see it through to the end. This game was the exact opposite, the story was boring, didn't really pull me in by any means and I think the biggest thing that got to me was the ending. SPOILER AHEADSeemingly thrown together last second, they essentially took the ending to brigmore witches and threw it into this one, with nearly identical actions and even using the same antagonist.The only thing this game had that the original did right was the gameplay and the art, besides that I am severly annoyed at how the story ended."
76561198223710704,Recommended,403640,34531820,Posted: 27 August,all,MathEhMtLoko666,"I liked the game, gameplay is very cool            8/10"
76561198079513864,Not Recommended,403640,26583265,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Gokottah,"I tried playing the tutorial with every setting as low as i could manage, but no dice. The framerate was just too low to effectively play the game. It sure does look good though. I hope they patch the game's technical problems"
76561198048703318,Not Recommended,403640,26568862,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Miakuru,"Bethesda the new EA, ♥♥♥♥ you and ♥♥♥♥ your ♥♥♥♥♥♥ optimized games. DONT BUY THIS GAME IT RUNS LIKE CRAP."
,Not Recommended,403640,30253180,Posted: 28 February,all,XsjadoR0LL3R,"Game runs like crap. That's all there is to it.And that's a damn shame. Dishonored was one of my favorite titles, and now this."
,Not Recommended,403640,26556259,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Mante,"GTX970 , 16Gb RAM, i5-3570 @3.40Ghz.Im getting ~ 40 fps on everyting low and off, at 720pGimme patch"
,Recommended,403640,26515088,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Nvidiot,"The jist of it: the game itself is EXTREMELY fun. Fluid movement, solid combat, and a physics model that's fun to mess around with. The only (and big) issue is massive FPS stutters and drops no matter what settings I set it to. When you clear reccomended specs, that's not something you expect to happen as often as it does. Hoping for a fix before the 11th."
,Not Recommended,403640,26535413,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Steve French,"With a 980Ti and a 4790k at 4.2Ghz, I really expect a game that looks as mediocre as this one to run just fine, but as of right now the frame dipping and mouse acceleration is just unacceptable for a PC release.Wait for them to patch, save your money."
,Not Recommended,403640,32771798,Posted: 25 June,all,Dralks,"Pros:- I like the fact that I don't need a minimap as the information is shown in the world (I hate games with minimaps,I feel like the minimap takes more attention than the game itself).-New powers.-More of Dishonored.Cons:-I really don't feel like it is different of the first Dishonored, if you played Dishonored and the dlc but end up a little tired of it don't buy this game, but if you played everything and wanted more go for it.-Emily powers are overpowered, Emily have some powers that I will not be using because it takes all the fun of the game, you can literally kill a room full of soldiers at the same time and they don't have any chance to defend themselves, I would like something more strategic,  its sad have situations where you just don't spend points because you don't like anything.-What I really hate of this game is the fact that sometimes I want to do a silent assasination and for no reason my character just hit the enemy with the sword (when I'm totally behind them) hurting him without the insta kill animation, so he raise the alarm and my perfect stealh mission go to hell, it happens way too often.-I also have situations where I couldn't do a silent kill because the enemy was sitting, and I'm walking around him trying to find a spot to do it with no luck, so I have to hit him with the sword and kill him in a fight.-Sometimes I hear random noises that sound exactly like the one they do when they discover you, then I look around me but nothing happened, no idea why.If I knew this I wouldn't have buy this game even when I loved the first one,  I'm kind of enjoying it but I could have spend the money in something better as I don't feel like the gameplay is polished, and I guess it never will as they are already working in another one, so buy it cheap."
,Not Recommended,403640,28133669,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Potato,Putting the game on sale right after release even though you won't fix game? ♥♥♥♥ this ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t give me my refund I never even made it passed the first level.
76561198017386598,Not Recommended,403640,28608803,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,SaintTheSinner,"i7 6700k32GB Gskill Ripjaws 3200MSI Gaming M7 MOBO2x EVGA 980 TI FTW SLISad that a publisher such as Bethesda would actually let this game release on PC with such poor optimization.Dont think I have to write much else.  Just dont buy this  game, you will be highly upset."
76561198055559991,Not Recommended,403640,26517541,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,SuperNexus,Runs at 27 FPS on 980ti at 1440p in areas that have more then one character in. NOT GOOD ENOUGH. another utter shameful pc port.
,Not Recommended,403640,33932619,Posted: 31 July,all,Microsoft Word,Nobody in this game gathers for whiskey and cigars 0/10
,Not Recommended,403640,26547195,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Don Berna,"The game is just broken, dont buy unless you want to wait for a hefy patch"
,Not Recommended,403640,33269997,Posted: 5 July,all,segv,"Buggy mess.I liked the previous game. It was really good. Granted Corvo is no Sam Fisher and they probably just didn't come up with all the tricks Sam has up his sleeves in the 20th century (I am not talking about the gadgets but the way you move, you hide yourself and you deal with enemies) but he partly makes it up with his powers.What I like about Dishonoured 2 are the beautifully designed levels. One of my favourite levels from the previous game was the masked ball that you attend. Here I'm still only at level four but already this game frustrates me to no end. I don't remember whether the first Dishonoured was like that, too, and whether I was just more patient but all the bugs and glitches in this game make it almost a bit of a chore.Sometimes enemies don't see you when you want them to, sometimes they see you and you wonder how the hell they managed to do that since you were hidden, sometimes you cannot choke or interact with someone if they are standing in a certain way, sometimes you cannot pass through openings if you don't approach them in a certain way and from a certain direction. At times I even got stuck in the scenery, e.g. once I wanted to interact with an object and the game glitched me under a table with a chair in front of it where the only means of escaping was to load an earlier savestate. The physics is wonky, you get stuck in the scenery, your weapons/powers misbehave.It's mind-boggling that Bethesda didn't have the money to properly bugtest this game."
,Not Recommended,403640,26544137,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,めー,"Won't run.  Past a giant loading screen, I see a beautiful black box.A game should run on release, not post-release.Edit:  Still only works on desktop, not laptop.  Still much lower framerate than any other, more intense game, infrequent random crashing and frame spikes."
76561198089485894,Not Recommended,403640,29448857,Posted: 23 January,all,FatLErroR,"game crashes straight to desktop often, which really breaks the immersiion. using rx 480 8Gb, so should have been able to handle ultra settings, but even at very high, still crashes once in a while. fps is around 40-60, with freesync feels smooth enough, just can't get over the random crashes.  I am a fan of the series, but wishing i would have waited for this to go on sale highly discounted due to game engine still has stability issues even with latest drivers."
76561198003067264,Not Recommended,403640,29346558,Posted: 18 January,all,Auberaun,"Good game, runs like garbage. Wouldn't buy until it is (if ever) fixed."
,Recommended,403640,34792595,Posted: 7 September,all,MapleSyrup,"After playing this game for a short amount of time, I just can't find myself getting into it the same way as with first dishonoured. I don't understand why, as I love the dynamic of Corvo and Emily, and after playing the Knife of Dunwall and The Brigmore Witches storylines, I was really excited with the premise of this storyline. However, something about this game feels *off*. I havent encountered any performance issues however, however my laptop is on the beefier side (i7-6700, GTX 960m, 12gb RAM). Do I reccommend this game? I would recomend it as I found it to be 'enjoyable', but my perspective is that I'm not getting the same vibe from this game as I did from the first. My only warning to players is to not expect the same thing, it isn't the same game as the first one. If you go in expecting the same game, you will be dissapointed. If you go in expecting nothing and looking for something different, this game may pleasantly surprise you."
,Not Recommended,403640,29590614,Posted: 30 January,all,Quantum Maniac,"Dishonored 2 is the long awaited sequel to the award wining game named (you guessed it) Dishonored. I loved and still love the original Dishonored. It is a great game with a compelling story, great mechanics and well designed levels. The world had a consistant feeling of being sinister, dark, but somehow comforting.This game has none of that. The story is ""go here do that then kill your sister"", a completely new engine that does the same thing the old one did but runs at a square root of the speed, responds slower, and feels worse in general. The levels have little to no cover for you to hide behind, leading to you just blinking across the rooftops and missing all of the actual level, and it makes you feel like you just wanna be done already.The gameplay itself is alright. Like I said, it's not really fun, but it's not bad either. The engine is slow and unresponsive, so it will take way too long for you to actually do the thing you pressed the button to do, and there isn't much cover, like I said before. Really not that great. And the one puzzle in the game gives you few clues on how to complete it and does a bad job of explaining what it is you are supposed to do in the first place.The graphics are really good if you have three Titan Xs running in SLI. If you don't have that, then the game will either run at five frames per second, or with worse graphics than the first game. There isn't even a middleground. Even with medium settings the frames drop to about 20. I am using an EVGA GTX 1060 for reference.The ""story"" is a bunch of incoherant tasks you have to complete because the boat you randomly got on because it existed had two very important people who know everyone you need to kill to get to Delila. Everyone you kill is just a guy who has something to do with Delila and you kill them because this one armed lady knows they exist, but you don't even know who they are anyways. There are three targets that are actual characters: Jindosh, the guy with the super cool clockwork mansion that isn't actually that cool in the game. He is your average overconfident genious who is super witty with his dialogue and speaks to you through his speakers in his evil lair and knows everything you do all the time, and then you get to his evil lair room and he's like ""oh no i didnt expect you to make it this far wut do i do now?"" and has his machines fight you. Then theirs the Duke, I can't even remeber his name. You see him once at the beginning of the game and never again until you kill him. His character is comprised of him being alcoholic, liking orgies, and saying ""funny"" and ""quirky"" things that really don't add anything to the story at all. And finally Delila. She's just like any other evil witch ever. She doesn't have any character other than ""I am bad and magical"".I am getting frustrated just typing this so I'm going to end it here. Why did you even bother to read all the way to the end? Or are you just skipping to my conclusion? Either way, I rate the game 5/10, do not recommend."
76561197986499792,Not Recommended,403640,29489865,Posted: 25 January,all,Ensis,"The game is good, the optimization is really bad. My computer (much better than the minimum req) reboots every 10 mins of playing, savegame is damaged so can start it from the beginning.MINIMUM - OPTIMAL - My PC:Op. sys: Windows 7/8/10 (64-bit versions) -  Windows 10 (64-bit versions) - Windows 7 (64)Processor: Intel Core i5-2400/AMD FX-8320 or better - Intel Core i7-4770/AMD FX-8350 or better - Intel(R) Core(TM) i7-4770 CPUMemory: 8 GB RAM - 16 GB RAM - 16 GB RAMGraphic card: NVIDIA GTX 660 2GB/AMD Radeon HD 7970 3GB or better - NVIDIA GTX 1060 6GB/AMD Radeon RX 480 8GB or better - NVIDIA GeForce GTX 770"
,Recommended,403640,29010342,Posted: 4 January,all,Cl9udy,"When it first came out I thought it was ordinary stealth game but after I played it damn it blew my mind , the whole word itself isn't so big so explorations should be eventful because for a person like me sometimes exploration can be boring but , it isn't vibrant but cold and dark and it is not fast paced so taking you time to think is highly recommended (using brains is good) , 10/10 Bethesda please make a dishonored 3"
76561197982386115,Recommended,403640,30695519,Posted: 23 March,all,Alie,"I played Dishonored to death. I mostly played non lethal ghost/ low chaos, with occassional high chaos playthrough for the achievies. Needless to say I was very excited about the second game. The launch was rocky to say the least. After the first patch/bug fix I had no issues and have played Dishonored 2 a lot. Again, mostly non lethal/low chaos (tends to be the best rewarded routes). I feel like they have placed really great nuggets of lore for a decent amount of DLC (cross-fingers).SpoilerI'm either hoping for a Billy Lurk spin with her seeking Daud or her past wrongs, Emily's rooftop lover Wyman, or something that follows our inventor Sokolov as he sails north."
76561198045570230,Recommended,403640,29014386,Posted: 4 January,all,KR1T1KL,"GAME OF THE YEAR. Really fulfills the promise of the first game, much larger world, more complexity, so many options for how to complete a mission. Incredible world, the level of detail is insane. I know there were some early problems, but I'm running it at highest settings, and haven't had a single problem, even though medium settings were recommended."
,Recommended,403640,30026716,Posted: 18 February,all,PA | Kia_Aivier,"Amazing 10/10, after finishing the game once you can do many more endings with diferent characters, different routes, and do some sweet assassinations, its so addictive i started playing 18/02/2017 at 10AM and what seemed a few hours, i had 15 hours on dishonored and it was 1:30AM!"
76561198046502894,Recommended,403640,27503694,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Iris Raine,"Like the original game, Dishonored 2 actually lacks a good story but instead it represents one of the uniquest lore and setting ever."
,Not Recommended,403640,28961385,Posted: 2 January,all,NoBoneJustSilicone,So ive played dishonerd 1 before and really liked it and when i got this i was pretty excited to play it and i open the game it shows the companies that made it and stuff then it goes to a loading screen and will just go black and close from there i verified game cache twice if you can help me i will change my review to positive
,Recommended,403640,31058444,Posted: 10 April,all,omglykttyl,like the first one but better
,Recommended,403640,28990055,Posted: 3 January,all,harlekein,"The game surpasses the first in so many ways. The art direction is something unique, the missions are expansive and original.As for performance, it runs fine maxed out for me, but that's a GTX 1070, i5 6600K and 16GB of RAM. At the start of the game I noticed a few framerate drops, but other than that it's been doing 60 fps consistently."
,Recommended,403640,28986069,Posted: 3 January,all,Queenmob,"Love this game.Gives me the opportunity to solve things stealthy & ""peacefully"". Has a simpl, yet effective story. Let's me play as Emely (yay!). Has nice & interesting level design - and some interesting and intuiging puzzles. I am truly enjoying this game! :D"
,Recommended,403640,31084332,Posted: 11 April,all,Killian,"Fun game, play the demo and see if it runs well on your computer."
,Recommended,403640,29043810,Posted: 5 January,all,.jcy,"Reading about the performance issues I was hesitant to buy Dishonored 2 although I loved the first one. I'm glad I did - so far it runs flawlessly. Smooth performance, excellent atmosphere and judging from the first 47 minutes, the beginnings of a pretty good story.So, runs fine oni5 3570kGTX 970Windows 10 Home (64b)8 GB"
76561197967713172,Recommended,403640,29044800,Posted: 5 January,all,zaphod,"I loved the first Dishonored. I'm about two hours into Dishonored 2 and I'm really enjoying it. After reading a lot of the negative reviews about poor performance, I was skeptical about purchasing it. My system specs are well below even the minimum requirements, especially GPU and CPU (GPU: AMD R9 270 2GB; CPU: AMD A8-7600 R7 (on board graphics disabled); RAM: 16 GB). I decided to just take a chance and I’m glad I did. Naturally, I can’t run the game with everything maxed out: not even close (I tried). I CAN run the game reasonably well with everything set to “medium.” So to sum it up: I really like it!"
,Recommended,403640,28219751,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,kidney-BØNNER,nice game nice graphs nice play!
,Recommended,403640,31180628,Posted: 16 April,all,Veryn,"I feel like now, after around 25 hours and 2 playthroughs, I've seen enough of the content to be able to write a review of it. This review wont be summarising or explaining the game at all, however more of an extented pros and cons list.If (like me) you were a fan of the first Dishonered game, then you are going to love this. It genuinely feels and plays much like the first game which I thought would be difficult for Bethesda to achieve. Now we have 2 playable characters (Corvo & Emily) with their own individual powers aswell as a whole new place to explore also.My first playthrough consisted of Very Hard difficulty, no supernatural powers, low chaos and no times being spotted. Each mission presented a great enough challenge so that getting passed each section left me feeling satisfied, rather than it being overly easy. In the same playthough I also tried to find as many of the collectables as possible which, as I didnt have the various supernatural abilities took me a long time to do, but is worth going for due to the different smaller jumping puzzles and searching required to get them.My second playthrough was with all of the powers, trying to build up my 'chaos level' as high as I could killing everyone in my path, on again the highest difficulty. This still felt like enough of a challenge because of the amount of enemies, and again left me feeling satisfied enough when clearing a level or finishing the game.Another place where this game shines is the level design. Each level gives you something new to play around with making them each unique, presenting their own challenges to encounter. This ranges from whiches, to the clockwork solidiers and so on. In addition to which, it honestly feels like there are countless ways to tackle each level. Playing through the second time I made sure to see as many ways possible to be able to reach the objective, and either do it lethally, or non-lethally. Sure enough, there was more than plenty of ways to do it, and definately earns another playthough just to try do them all.However, when pulling the game apart to look at the details, the main problems are simple. On lowered difficulties the enemy ai are ridiculously stupid, meaning they're virtually sitting ducks half of the time, but on hard, or very-hard they are more intelligent.Secondly, if you are one of the lucky enough people to own a NASA computer, this game isgorgeoushowever, to the rest of us this game is a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ to run, even after the patches it seems most people are running the game on lowered settings. It's worth notable mention that if you are unsure whether or not this game will run on your machine, there is a demo where you can play the first 3 missions or so. Seems as though alot of people missed this.Overall for me this game earns a spot up next to the original Dishonered game for me, i felt it to be just as much fun, and challenging as the first game and I will sure as hell be playing this a hell of alot more to come. It shines in so many different aspects that any fan of a stealth based game OR a fan of just running around killing people like its WW3 are going to love this game. Would very highly reccomend to most players.Conclusion: Solid 8/10"
76561198298000351,Recommended,403640,29068233,Posted: 6 January,all,Faceless Games,I have enjoyed this game thus far. The mechanics are pretty fun. I would recommend playing this game on the hard settings otherwise it is just too easy. The stealthing abilities at lower difficulty seem a little too over powered. I got a XBOX 1 controller for this one and its great with a controller. Not as good with a M&K. All in all I thought the graphics were decent and the story is decent.
76561197998901248,Recommended,403640,29077382,Posted: 6 January,all,Thespacepope,"Awsome Game. Provided your computer can handle it, the game looks great and plays great. Keeps the same format as the first game with some welcome additions, like nonleathal drop takedowns. The story is solid, the game play is even better then the first, and currently there's a New Game+ option so you can actually get all the powers  for both Characters and play though the game like your the outsider himself."
,Recommended,403640,28782199,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Muffiny,"This was my favourite game in 2016. As a preface, I had none of the performance issues experienced by many people, so I cannot comment on that, purely on the game itself when it's running fine. I understand that some people are having trouble even with hardware that should be fine, but on my end I had smooth >60 fps the entire game. Whether I'm just lucky or not I'm not sure, but it worked great for me.Dishonored 2 really expanded on the story of the first game, and kept the really weird techno-fantasy setting on the first game going strong. The levels are full of intricate things that are so alien yet so consistent that it feels like a believable world, and the Stranger and the Void are always interesting every time it pops up.As for the gameplay itself, I really liked the way it always felt like I had options. I chose Corvo at the beginning, and mostly played through stealthily, the only kills I got were a couple of unintentional ones where I accidentally left an unconsious guard in a puddle of water, and when an enemy got knocked off the side of a building by my sleep dart. None of the missions pigeonholed me into making a choice I didn't want. Even one mission that at first seemed to require the death of a faction leader eventually opened up to reveal a third option as I looked around the area.The levels themselves are all great in this regard, always unique from each other and each having all sorts of different ways to get through them depending on what powers and such you're using. Especially noteworthy is the clockwork mansion, which I won't spoil but when it all first starts moving aorund it's just really intersting to get into. At no point during anything did it feel like a chore, and I honestly can't think of any spots in the game I didn't like.Looking forward to replaying it with Emily and perhaps doing a full-agression run. Highly reccomend provided it runs okay on your computer."
,Recommended,403640,29069213,Posted: 6 January,all,Ritualist Essence,"So far this game has been incredible, currently in the 3rd mission. The story is incredibly well written, the graphics are great & the abilitys for the characters look better than ever. Hope they plan to release some story DLCs with more missions :)The game runs fine on mostly ultra settings on my AMD FX 8300 cpu, 16 GB 1600mhz ram, GTX 1060 6GB setup.Everything in the game is set to ultra except for shadows that are set to very low, view distance thing is set to high, decals amount is set to medium. I also turned off adaptive resolution so the game is always at 100% resolution, I haven't noticed any lag anyways. I Don't overclock my CPU or GPU at all."
,Recommended,403640,29958375,Posted: 16 February,all,extendo,"Excellent game. Story was interesting and fun to play. The game never felt repetative through 4 playthroughs as there was always a new power set, charachter, or method of playing the game. This game was the first I ever got 100% completion in and it never felt like a chore. If you liked the original I cannot reccoment this game enough. 10/10"
,Recommended,403640,26568184,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Speck,"It plays just like the first game but does it better. The levels are longer, more lively, and D2 still keeps the basics of gameplay from D1 while adding a bit of new perks to the powers to keep it fresh. Aside from the frame issues which will be eventually patched, Dishonored 2 blows every game I've ever played out of the water (and I've played just about everything). There is so much detail put into the game world; you can see how weathered the walls are with their scratches and marks, there's tiny notches on the wood doors, scratches and marks of your metallic sword (with realtime reflections),  the scars on the NPCS, the ebb and flow motion of the water, and the gorgeous color scheme of skyline and shadows that reflects the time of day, etc. It looks freaking amazing. The game doesn't try to be photorealistic and improves on the art style from the first game. The dialogue from distinguished voice acting cast and animations are superb, the gameplay is open ended, and there's so much to explore that I know I won't be able to see it all in one playthrough. Its story and gameplay is done really well, a rarity as most games will do one portion effectively yet neglect the other.If you're a fan of the Bioshock series, Thief series (excluding the 4th one), the first Dishonored, Deus Ex, or just love atmospheric games that focus on lore then this game is for you. Just keep in mind that this game is a bit demanding on the pc as even I get the occasional frame drops while running on a high end card. GOTY for me.TL;DR-Performance isn't that great atm but patches are underway-Open ended Gameplay+immersive story are amazing-Looks absolutely fantastic-Can and should be replayed due to different endings depending on your decisionsEdit: I just tried the beta patch which is set to release around sometime this weekend. FPS performance has improved dramatically for me and the mouse issues are gone.Also to the misinformed people writing reviews that keep saying this is a port, no it is not. Each version of the game was developed inhouse by Arkane."
,Recommended,403640,28889556,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Iskandar,"This game is a masterpiece. Though its initial release suffered from a pretty debilitating frame-rate issue,  with all of the fixes and patches in place there remains nothing more to complain about. The visuals are amazing, the world is well-crafted, and the gameplay is once again a perfect example of the stealth-fps genre."
76561198044391127,Recommended,403640,28686203,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Aum-Psy,"This game is  brilliant in so many ways it is just let down by things that did not need to drag it down.Pro.Level design. Stealth elements, freedom of choice and creativity are very well done.ConsPerformance issues is still a problem even after 1.3 patch. I have a beast and you will experience stutter and frame drops, especially in bigger areas.Clearly another terrible port. Something we should not have to deal with anymore.The shady practise that bathesda used to not let reviewers get copies before launch is anti consumer and should not be supported.My opinion, wait for a sale. the game is worth it but they need to understand they messed up here."
76561198136274296,Recommended,403640,29180275,Posted: 11 January,all,Galahad,эта игра потрясёт любителей стелся и миосердия  в этой игре придется выбирать между добром и злом и выбрать свой путь
76561197961316330,Recommended,403640,28697504,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,странац,"Alright, so let me start off by saying that I am a huge fan of the first game and was looking forward to Dishonored 2 long before it came out. I was super tempted to preorder, but I decided not to given the quality control of AAA titles these days. After seeing the initial user reviews about poor performance, I decided to stay away for awhile.Well, after the price dropped significantly for the Winter Sale, I decided to pull the trigger. The game plays pretty well on my hardware (i7 4770k, 16 GB RAM, GTX 1080 FE). In Dunwall during the starting sequence, I was at about 100-120 FPS (2650x1440, nearly max settings). As many others have stated, I saw a staggering drop in FPS once I got to Karnaca. I've been seeing around 50-60 FPS. I'm a few hours into the game and performance has been pretty stable. Less than what I'd expect given my hardware, but very playable.As for the plot, it's nearly as good as the first game. I'm super satisfied with it so far. If you have the hardware to run it in its poorly optimized state, I highy recommend Dishonored 2."
76561198044700250,Recommended,403640,28716049,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,DoctorDurp,"Well... first i wish to adress the rough launch and stability issues (some still remain for some users) but i will say this game has proven its self since then. Arkane studios listened carefully to all the issues the community had and worked impresivly to fix them. so i guess +1 for those guys and gals. It was nice to see so much fixed and added to the game such as the new game + feature. Im glad to see that this dev team really does listen to its comunity and aim to do the best job it can.pros-----Now that is out of the way, this game (in my oppinion) is a fantastic sequal to the first. Being honest, i was concerned about corvo being voiced. However, i think it was pulled of reasonably well and the performance worked in favour of the game. As for the art style of the world, i had grown to love the dark, old and industrial astetic of Dunwall and was nervous that the move to Karnaka would seem out of place in some way. However, i found it to be a great contrast to Dunwall whilst still feeling like it was all part of the same world, briniging over some factions such as the overseers in a different style. I must admit, as someone who played both the first game and its DLC's, i was supprised to see Delilah Copperspoon as the main antagonist as she was dead (or traped) in the end of the brigmoor witches DLC. Whilst it was unexpected it also made sense (once explained via the story). So i guess lore wise the game checks out pretty well. As for how it plays, i find the combat to be much more fast paced and fluent, far better than the first game.cons-----However, i found that Emily's powers seemed a bit counterintuitive and less powerfull than Corvo's as things such as mezmerise and shadow walk help for a stealth playthrough, yet you can still be seen when using far reach. In addition to this, i found the ending to be a bit underwhelming and the game feeling shorter.final verdict------------Overall id say this game is an amazing sequal with a few bumps hear and there that can eaisly be fixed if enough people talk about them. This game is a fantastic sequal to its predecesor and i cant wait to see what ideas and story lines they use for the DLC's."
76561198036281689,Recommended,403640,28773343,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Browncoat,"I liked the first Dishonored a lot.  Easily one of my favorite games.  That being said, I know I am biased and I recognize that.  I will leave this review as unbiased as I can.  Keep in mind that this MAY contain spoilers.Pros:- Play as Emily with a new set of powers- You CAN choose to accept the Outsiders Mark.- The first 20 or so minutes (depending on how fast you go) has a lot of references to the first game in it if you just look around.  It's a nice throw back and helped me get in the mood to go in and fix what was wronged.- This game does a good job of picking up where Dishonored left off in that I already care about the two possible protagonists.  I like Corvo because he'd move Heaven and Earth for Emily.  I like Emily because of the interactions you have with her in Dishonored.- Like the first game, this one has done a great job of having the main antagonist tick me off by harming someone I like.- The robots are pretty cool.Meh:- A few dips in the frame rate here and there.  I've suffered through worse for games I liked a lot less.Cons:- I don't care for having a voiced protagonist.  Really kills the mood for me at times.- I don't like that the Outsider is voiced by someone else.  The voice actor (Billy Lush in 1) made the Outsider seem so condescending to me at times.  So far in 2, the Outsider (Robin Lord Taylor) doesn't have the same feel to him."
,Recommended,403640,28912328,Posted: 1 January,all,Novahot,"Beggars and thieves,People on the street,Insight of the heart,Inside the people I meet.Free from The Void,My one love returns,A gift from The Outsider,The mark it burns.If you're good, if you're bad,Or somewhere in between...No matter what you've done.No matter if you're clean.Try to keep in the dark,You can't hide from your past,So much wisdom to impart.It's the beating of the heart.Short tempers around,And sometimes far worse,Fingers for a crown,Or coin from a purse.Boots on the ground,Guards and their hounds,They prey on the weak,The ill and the meak.If you're good, if you're bad,Or somewhere in between...No matter what you've done.No matter if you're clean.Try to keep in the dark,You can't hide from your past,So much wisdom to impart.It's the beating of the heart.Burning buildings, A life saved. (beating of the heart)Other hardships that are braved. (beating of the heart)Words from an Empress now passed. (beating of the heart)How long must the burden last?It's the beating of the heart.-Harry101UK"
76561198136173620,Recommended,403640,29042173,Posted: 5 January,all,joeysworldtourfanboi69,its good
,Recommended,403640,28975266,Posted: 3 January,all,No Talent Clown,"I'm one of those who has an older rig and no problems with the game, fortunately.It's simply worth every dime. The number of various ways you can achieve goals is amazing, and the story is so fun to follow. 18 hours in and I feel I've barely scratched the surface.Definitely spend a few minutes reading various blogs about which powers to fulfill first, which character to choose in the beginning, etc. It will pay off."
,Recommended,403640,29722580,Posted: 5 February,all,Robin,fun
,Recommended,403640,29723543,Posted: 5 February,all,Damien_be,"Recommended if you liked the first one. It partially builds upon the backstory of the first one. The story starts ok, though could have been written better. It feels like they set it up for dlc.The maps you pass through are astonishing and the atmosphere that it sets is awesome. I found myself stopping quite often to take in the landscape and the view. Each level invites you to plan your routes carefully and trying things again differently and completing a map 100% doesn't feel like a chore. Play it how you want it. For me, the gameplay more than makes up for the lack of storyPerformance wise, at launch this game wasn't playable. But now, it is perfectly fine. I mean it still isn't optimised like whitcher 3, but which game is these days. Expect 70-80fps on +-high with gtx980."
76561197993672103,Recommended,403640,29681771,Posted: 3 February,all,Luminous,"So I initially started this review as a review of another review and I quickly surpassed the character limit. So I will be writing this review in response to common complaints.""I played the game and felt like the environment was shallow and empty.""I'd give the depth of scene of the game a solid 7.5/10.I felt that the game was definitely well-rounded. There were so many nooks and crannies with lore, scene development, and character development that I learned something new every time I replayed a mission. Dishonored 2, like it's predecessor, is not a game to be rushed. Take a moment to look at your surroundings. Take a few moments to look at a room. How does that room explain the rest of the house? And what does that house have to say about that particular city? Take a moment to look at the background in the game. I found myself staring at the scenery or watching the whales or gazing at the sunset. Arkane knows how to set the mood.Why I didn't give it a 10/10: Some areas were designed to be moved through and that's it. Sometimes I would examine a particular path and have to ask why it is there and if it is at all similar to another path I've seen so far. I hate repeated textures/objects that are used to fill up space. Dishonored 2 doesn't have this all the time, but it does some of the time. There are maybe 2 types of writing desks in the whole game and it seemed like every damn house had a writing desk. Maybe that's why I'd find letters or books in every house? Most of the NPCs (excluding the guards who don't know the alphabet) must be literate.One particular review stated that the character knew information that they should not or could not know.I'd give the logic of the game a solid 8/10You weren't paying attention during your playthrough(s) if you couldn't connect lore/information to cause and effect. I was never shocked by the story. If anything, I'd say that it was predictable enough that I was mildly disappointed there wasn't a twist like there was in dishonored 1. I knew why I was where I needed to be at all times in the game. You're an assassin/queen who was just overthrown because you weren't paying enough attention to the political climate. It makes sense that you would have to start from the bottom and build your way up to Delilah who managed to overpower you and politically (and pubicly) shame you in front of your kingdom. You're going to have to take out all of her supporters or she will continue to outplay you.Why I didn't give it a 10/10:Some of the events that occur in the game can be so predictable that it hurts. You can literally have a PERFECT game without your character making any mistakes - especially if you save scum. What do I mean by this? Sometimes, events just don't turn out the way you want them to no matter how hard you try. Save one character's life at the cost of another's life. You can literally prevent most (if not all) of the bad events in the game (civilians being murdered, saving shopkeepers from howlers or guards, etc.). The only unpreventable bad events occur at the very beginning of the game.""The characters are so... blah! They lack substance!""Character development: 7.5/10I wrote a list down of all of the targets in the game and was able to jot down a few sentences on their connections to other characters, their personality traits, and their relevance to the plot. I will agree that some of the characters could have been fleshed out more. But I definitely did not kill or neutralize main characters without knowing a lot about them. Remember, you're an assassin. You gather information, sneak in, gather more information, do your bloody business, then sneak out. No assassin in his or her right mind will sit around and talk to the bad guy/girl. That's just plain illogical. You see em' you shoot em' then run for the hills. If you pay attention during the mission you should learn a lot about the targets through their environment, lore, conversations between NPCs, etc.Why I didn't give it a 10/10:Delilah was not my favorite. In fact, she was not satisfying at all. I don't like characters that are designed to make you pity them. I enjoy characters that you respect and understand their perspective, THEN kill them. Like Daud. Damn, that was a good character. Dishonored 1 even gave me an existential crisis as I am being attacked my Corvo (the previous 'me') while I am Daud (who totally deserves to be killed) and I'm fighting hard to kick my own♥♥♥♥♥- twice!""I hate the chaos system!"" or ""I only killed 'bad' people! Why did I get an evil ending!?""The chaos system and the endings gets a 9/10.The complaint regarding using the heart to hear someone's darkest secrets was unfounded as well. You assume that killing a killer makes you a good person. Or maybe you assume it makes you a bad person. These are shallow and abstract concepts. Killing someone BECAUSE they did something evil (what you believe is evil in your culture) doesn't make you a hero or a villain. It means that you decided the fate of others based on your own opinion. The conclusion of the game only has two endings: justice/vindication and despotism/oppression. You kill a bunch of people? Then you are the judge, jury, and executioner. Spare a bunch of people? Then you are probably waiting to dish out the sentences in a public way after the story is completed - or you're a coward. Whichever. Either way it made sense to me.Why I didn't give it a 10/10:The only bone I will throw you is that killing people with the shadow kill ability still left me with high chaos and more bloodflies in later missions. However, killing people anywhere will spook a bunch of people and lead to more drastic actions like suicide and murder. So I'd say look at the chaos system as more of a tension system. Kill more people and do a bunch of naughty stuff? The situation becomes drastically more tense and people are more likely to have a fight/flight response. Still... if I kill the random civilian woman at the docks and nobody is around to hear her scream as she turns to ashes, did she make a sound?Finally, the performance of the game. I played Dishonored 2 on my laptop (on high, not ultra) and had only one instance of performance issues when approaching some of the open areas by boat. It leveled out though. It could definitely be better, but I wouldn't argue that it ""destroyed"" my experience at all. Not even close. I was at 45 FPS most of the game and my laptop is 2 years old. I'm not going to post my specs because everyone is posting their god-tier PCs and saying that the game runs like trash. Maybe we just define it differently. Maybe you just like to complain because you spent thousands of dollars on a PC and you want the game to look like real life because you don't have one. (Sorry! I had to make one mean comment.) But hey, you're not the only one complaining about this so it is definitely something Arkane should examine."
76561198010239060,Not Recommended,403640,26521956,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,smorgasborg,Prelease now comes with players waiting to play the game cause it stops after a load screen!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Please fix this. Gonna ask for my money back soon if they don't fix this. I am actually dissappointed in Bethdesa doing this to it fans
76561198106290494,Recommended,403640,28962081,Posted: 2 January,all,Squarebox64,"This game is amazing and is just as good as orginal Dishonored, that said I don't have any performance issues BUT if you are worried about performance issues then take advantage of steam refunds and try it out for 2 hours"
76561198025174792,Recommended,403640,28843901,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Semris,"I have finished the game once and now I´m trying to finish it again without dying once (just had third attempt fail).Always playing as Corvo so the gameplay is very similar to Dishonored 1 which is just fine by me. I really do not need (and probably do not want) total control/combat overhaul in every new game of the series (prime example of things going worse and worse being Dragon Age series).Compared to Dishonored 1 the story setting seems less omnious (the original game world, if memory doesn´t fail me, was a bit darker with the rat plague and all). I kind of liked that setting slitghly better.Another difference - I would say there were more interesting NPCs in Dishonored 1, let´s call them secondary characters. I especially remember the witch. I believe/remember you interacted with these NPCs much more. I might by wrong, but I know I won´t remember any secondary NPC from this game 6 months on, non of them is really memorable in any way.Dishonored 2 seems more fair compared to Dishonored 1 because there are very few unexpected one hit death situations, you can basically remember them all after the first playthrough. I like that, one hit deaths are cheap. ;-)People are reporting issues with controls, especially mouse I think. I have to say I´m glad I have 5000 DPI gaming mouse, because the game is playable just fine if I set mouse sensitivity in-game to max and mouse also to max 5000 DPI. Anything less (for example 3000 DPI) and mouse cursor moves way way too slowly, basically it would made the game close to unplayable. But as I said, with my 5000 DPI optical gaming mouse, it works fine.Overall I´m very satisfied with the game. Storyline/lore is okay (I would rate it as slightly worse than Dishonored 1), gameplay is very similar yet I believe more fair, maps are fun to fight through and explore (for example in newest Tomb Rider I had difficulty motivating myself to explore whole areas, actually after first few maps I just gave up and ran through to finish the story and never look back). NCPs are again slightly less interesting compared to Dishonored 1 but still okay. Graphics improved (cannot play the game fully maxed on Gigabytes OC 980ti but close to it), music and sounds are fine.Will be interesting to see where will the series go next. They created some nice options in the lore, if you were actually paying attention to the lore (I´m reading every book I find in every playthrough ;-))."
76561198030987797,Recommended,403640,28853184,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Morgan FreeFarm,"ehhh, its a bit boggy on the platforms you can blink to, but the action is flawless, the story is intense, and the stealth is actually challenging in this game. i enjoyed playing it but its extremely frustrating when im going ghost and i blink to a balcony and suddenly i fall through into the middle of the gaurds, have to restart and realize my last save was 20 minutes ago. i would apprieciate this being fixed and its the only thing thats wrong with this game and given time these bugs will be sorted out so i would recommend the buy. its a fun actiony stealth game with an amazing story, almost as good as metal gear ;)  8(1/2) - 10"
76561198257506594,Not Recommended,403640,31322232,Posted: 23 April,all,pandakill420,游戏本身还可以，只是，双显卡bug导致不能启动，每次都是禁用一个才能启动，玩完后再启用被禁用显卡，甚是麻烦，所以就退货了，希望后面有补丁能修复
,Recommended,403640,29111374,Posted: 8 January,all,Stormbolt,"10/10 gameplay, aesthetics, and atmosphere7/10 story5/10 performanceThe gameplay is amazing, but even with patches, there are still a few performance issues. If you can run it without issues however, the gameplay is a complete improvement over the original, which was amazing in its own right."
,Recommended,403640,29678201,Posted: 3 February,all,PapíDimmi,"This is a spoiler-free review.ProsMuch better graphics than the first game.More options than the first game (more HUD, graphics, and gameplay options; additionally, you can customize the game’s difficulty).The levels are much bigger than the first game, and many levels are divided into multiple sections accessible by carriages.There are two playable characters in this game, as opposed to only one like in the original game. Another character means more powers and a better replay value.ConsThe writing is poor. Corvo and Emily’s random lines are lame. I wouldn’t mind voiced protagonists if it weren’t for the poor writing.Corvo’s voice acting is bad. Emily’s voice actor, Erica Luttrell, does a great job, but Corvo sounds unenthusiastic in this game.The story is not great. The fact that Delilah came back by “becoming immortal” is idiotic.The game has less variety; in the original game, missions—including the final mission—were different depending on your chaos level. The final mission was darker if you were doing a high chaos playthrough.The game is less grim than the first game. In Dishonored, you’ve got rats and weepers. In Dishonored 2, you’ve got bloodflies. Rats were much more intimidating and harder to beat in swarms, even though it seems like it should be the other way around.The Dreadful Whale is empty. In the first game, the Hound Pits Pub is the hub location. It’s filled with people, all of whom you can speak to. The Dreadful Whale, on the other hand, isn’t very dreadful at all. It has no crew except for Meagan Foster. It is completely deserted. Whenever you start a new mission on the Dreadful Whale, you just run up to the skiff and proceed to the mission. In the first game, you explored the Hound Pits Pub and the area outside of it, talking to everyone here and looting the place. The Dreadful Whale is poorly designed and simply boring.The Outsider’s voice is awful. The voice actor isn’t doing a bad job, but the echo effect ruins everything.The Outsider’s dialogue when you pick up his shrines doesn’t change depending on your gameplay. In the original game, his dialogue would change depending on whether you’re playing in high chaos, low chaos, or a mix of both. It’d also change depending on which missions you’d done. Now, his lines are the same all the time.ConclusionDespite its many cons, this game has given me many, many hours of enjoyment. Despite its flaws, this is a great game. If you liked the first game, you will like this sequel as well. If you didn’t like the first game, you probably won’t like Dishonored 2 either.By the way, I highly recommend playing the original before the sequel. I also recommend playing its amazing DLC, which features two brand new stories, in which the protagonist is Daud. You can get Dishonored: Definitive Edition (Dishonored + all its DLC) very inexpensively. If you wait until it’s on sale, you can get it for a very, very low price. I got Dishonored, plus all its DLC, for just $8.20.If you play Dishonored 2 without playing the first game, you won’t understand who the characters are. The story will likely be confusing to you. If you want the best experience whilst playing Dishonored 2, play the original game first."
76561198105784224,Recommended,403640,31203599,Posted: 17 April,all,plusfour,About as good as the first one. Love it.
,Recommended,403640,31373160,Posted: 26 April,all,Fish,Zero major performance issue.Fun gameplay like the first one.Good attention to details.Highly recommended.
76561197992285060,Recommended,403640,31210836,Posted: 17 April,all,Fragenstein,"I dot get the negative comments maybe i got this after the bugs where patched, but imo it is amazing in everyway, im on to my third newgame+The new game plus mode is so amazing as you can start with all your runes and bone charms from the previous games .Theres so many different variations of stories in every level, not just what people say but how the enviroment looks and changes is amazing based on you decisions.11 out of 10 for me I cant stop playing.Oh my specs are gtx titan black 700 series and xeon w3520 12gb ram runs perfect no lagg"
76561198135281064,Recommended,403640,31458622,Posted: 30 April,all,cell1236,A great game. It will be greater if there is better performance in my laptop.
76561198185004055,Recommended,403640,31684091,Posted: 11 May,all,Sans the Skeleton,very nice game
,Recommended,403640,31198497,Posted: 17 April,all,Realtek_HD,Decent 7/10
,Not Recommended,403640,29243015,Posted: 14 January,all,Eddy,"Great game, atrocious performance.I have 2 overclocked 980 Ti Classifieds in SLI and this is the only game where I get under 30 FPS in closed areas.Sometimes I get all the way to 165 FPS, sometimes it drops in really simple areas like indoor hallways down to 30-40 and fluctuates HORRIBLY.Stuttering like all♥♥♥♥♥♥ random hitching of up to what feels like half a second when I look around, incredibly unstable framerate (my monitor says the game goes up and down between 165 and 30 and then back to over 100 in the same area without even moving the camera within a few seconds).Random crashes, forgot to save for like 30 minutes and all my ♥♥♥♥ing progress got reset a few minutes before I wrote this review, because the broken piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥crashed while in the clockwork mansion.What the ♥♥♥♥ does this game want from me? I have 2 powerful cards, a good, overclocked I7 processor, 32 GB of ♥♥♥♥ing RAM AND the game is installed on a 1 TB Samsung SSD.Last game I buy from this dev. Absolutely disgusting console port made by obviously garbage intern programmers.DO NOT buy, I bought assuming that since the game got like 3 patches, it would be fixed by now, but obviously, the developers are too♥♥♥♥♥♥at their jobs."
76561198133124577,Not Recommended,403640,29129040,Posted: 8 January,all,Silent Emperor,"Despite hours of tinkering and testing, it still runs like♥♥♥♥♥ The game randomly crashes and is very unstable, even on relatively low settings. Think that lowering the settings will give you a great FPS boost? Wrong! The game engine still drops frames at any given oppurtunity (unless staring at walls and spending the game in cupboards is your thing). Triple buffering did help a tiny bit, but did not stop the crashing issues. Oh, and If you've got an AMD card then I would really think twice about buying this game. Your relitively decent rig that ran DOOM and Overwatch at full spec, might as well be a calculator when trying to run this!It is a real shame that a game I have really been looking forward to, has been completely spoilt by an unstable, unoptimised game engine."
,Not Recommended,403640,28832765,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Vaako,"I wanted to write a more detailed review, but decided not to bother this long after release.  This game is quite fun to play and a solid follow-up to Dishonored, but I can't recommend it due to the game breaking bugs that still exist on PC."
,Recommended,403640,29661566,Posted: 2 February,all,more like bore-hammer,"Most of this review compares Dishonored 2 to Dishonored 1, skip to the bottom for TL;DR or if you're unfamiliar with the franchise.In the weeks leading up to Dishonored 2's release, I decided to replay the first Dishonored game a few times to moderate my hype. Whether it was a ghost/clean hands/mostly flesh and steel run or an all-out aggro playstyle, the game felt right no matter how I decided to go through it. The only minor issue I had with the game was the story, which was admittedly extremely basic (even with the ""twist"" you could see coming a mile away) and only really served as an excuse for you to run around jumping off of buildings and landing on some random person's neck. Of course, I'm not complaining, those moments were always extremely satisfying to pull off. Tell me in what other game you can have someone fire a gun, freeze time, possess them, walk them in front of their bullet, then unfreeze time to basically force them to commit suicide.Dishonored 2 delivers everything the first game promised: excellent gameplay, multiple playthroughs, and extremely unique abilities. Not only can you have an expanded version of every ability from the first game when you play as Corvo, but you receive an entirely new set of powers as Emily which genuinely change the way you play the game (oh and don't forget that you can actually have both sets of powers at the same time in NG+). Although the second game felt clunky when I first picked it up largely due to the poor performance at launch, once the optimization updates hit, I got fairly consistent 60+ FPS and the game really began to shine, almost feeling smoother than the first game (just my personal preference).Not to gloss over it, but performance may still be an issue for people. Errors were largely eliminated for most people, including myself, but I recommend independently researching how your equipment will run the game before you settle on purchasing it.Onto the final point - the story. There are two very important things to consider in the Dishonored games: the main narrative and the lore of the world you're put in. Let's face it, the story is pretty garbage in both games. ""Oh no, someone stronger than me forced me into hiding, better dismantle their empire one officer at a time until I can take down the main bad guy"". Reaaaaaal exciting. People who complain about the story of Dishonored 2 while praising Dishonored 1 make no sense to me. I guess it's mostly nostalgia since the first game was a genuine masterpiece in all other aspects.Separate from the main narrative is the lore, though, which the second game does a fantastic job of displaying, arguably even better than the first. I didn't think Dishonored 2 was as gritty as Dishonored 1, but somehow it felt more whole, as if each area I explored had genuine history to it, rather than the cleverly designed but mostly barren maps of the first game.Well, if you've read this far, good for you, but for all the other folks, here's a TL;DR:+ Top-notch gameplay+ Extreme replayability+ High ""skill cap"" (you can get very creative, but the game will almost never be genuinely difficult)+ Really fantastic world-building+/- POSSIBLE performance issues, try to look around on your own to see if you can manage this game- Story is as simple and plain as the first gameGet Dishonored 2 if you're looking for a Dishonored 1 which might run poorly but is even better when it works."
,Recommended,403640,32142788,Posted: 2 June,all,Softendo79 (KKK),"When I started playing Dishonored this game came out, I wasn't too excited at first, until I play'd the demo! If you want this game or want to give it a try, play the demo first, because in bet you, you will enjoy the demo! After that I was excited for the full game, and when I completed it once, I found out theres more than 2 to 4 endings, theres a lot of combinations, along with new powers, 2 characters to play as, Corvo the Royal Gaurd in the first game, and Emily who is the queen. Each character gets different sets of powers, so there would be a lot of things to try to keep you busy. I give this game a 9/10 bloodflies."
76561198125210020,Recommended,403640,28764349,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,{Lost}-Spar,I have heard about the optimization issues but i lived Dishonored too much to not buy this game and i can say that there is areas where the fps will drop some but it is still playable and i have enjoyed it a ton.  I finished the game in two days and started over instantly to try to complete it and get the other ending. It is definitely worth a buy if you enjoyed the first one.
76561197979255280,Recommended,403640,32543176,Posted: 18 June,all,rridley,"I bought this product on sale months after the bad port reviews had come in.  Thankfully I experienced none of the reported problems, and it seems like they have mitigated most of the issues.So far I have played this game all the way through on Hard as Corvo only.  It felt very much like a continuation of the first game.  Most of the powers are almost identical with a few much needed tweeks.  That said, Corvo felt nearly unstoppable by mission 5 (of 9).  Missions 4, 6 and 7 had some of the best level design I have seen in a long time, which is good since this series lives and breathes on level design.Overall I would recommend this to anyone who was a fan of the first game.  You could play this without having played the first, but you will have much more fun if you've had at least 1 Dishonored playthrough.  You get to revisit a couple of old levels and it's just more fun if you know the backstory well.Gameplay - 9/10Level Design - 9/10Graphics - 8/10Replayability - 8/10Overall - 8.5/10"
76561198033151616,Recommended,403640,29583196,Posted: 30 January,all,SIA,Great game! I definitely recommend you to get this game.
,Recommended,403640,30174186,Posted: 25 February,all,Soviet Eraserhead,could run better i guess but a worthy followup to the first
,Recommended,403640,26610021,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Steelshank,"Came to this game eager looking for the step installment after the first amazing game,This is a totally unacceptable attempt at a port to PC. I am running a high end gaming rig and have no problems with anything else,The game is one crash after another. You do NOT charge £40 for a game that will stop working halfway through. Have requested steam refund with good cause despite being over 2 hours.Stay away from this game untill they can be bothered to hammer out the problems instead of letting the paying gamers TEST it for themWe can revisit the game after they have sorted the massive problems with it.60fps Make little to no difference when the game stutters and kicks back when you try to do something, Since installing my sound settings have been doing cranky, I get wierd lock ups?Unacceptable Unacceptable UnacceptableOnwards, The problems were ironed out and fixed. It seems the massive wave of negative feedback put their butts into gear. Much better now"
,Recommended,403640,32748509,Posted: 24 June,all,daniel_hendrix,"Just wanted to throw a quick little review in here.I bought this on the summer steam sale and ive played probably 4 missions deep and I want to say for me personally I have experienced absolutely no performance issues.  I have a GTX 970 and an AMD FX 9590 CPU so...not a acrazy rig or anything and I have had nothing but very smooth gameplay.  If you do experience issues i would recommend turning Vsycn off as its not all too noticable and gives a big performance boost (atleast for my setup).As for the game thus far...its got some really cool combat and powers, I feel this is its main draw-in for players....because, to be honest in my opinion the story is meh.  Now i do realize i am only 4-5 missions deep but thats just my opinion.  The story seems very meh...just my opinion dont hate me.  Let me re-enforce the game though by saying the powers and magic you have are really cool and the missions are a fun little playground you can play on however you like.  At times it does feel a little too easy and i get the feeling that im alittle overpowered only a couple missions in.  Yes, I could up the difficulty but all that is going to do is reallocate health from me to the enemy and thats not reall the challenge i am looking for.Anyways, this is a good game. Reall cool gameplay and you can tell they put alot of work into the surrounding world.  I would definitely recommend, this is a pretty dang cool game."
76561198253575550,Recommended,403640,29430667,Posted: 22 January,all,StealthGamer,It has great graphics alot of ways to play its just so mutch fun or challgening depends how u play.
,Recommended,403640,32696708,Posted: 23 June,all,The Misty Mew,"Dishonored 2 is a beautiful sequel to Dishonored, and follows up the previous game perfectly. The gameplay is better polished, Emily's powers are /so cool/, and stealthing your way through this game is exciting and enjoyable. With new game mechanics and features, I would absolutely recommend this to anyone who has, or has not played the first game; however, I highly suggest playing the first one before this. I watched an entire playthrough several years ago, but playing it for myself was even more enjoyable, even though I knew the whole story. Play these games!"
76561198162123715,Recommended,403640,32736952,Posted: 24 June,all,Gloopenbopen,I loved the game. I never really encountered bugs and poor optimization. But i would like to say my specs are fairly highIntel i7600k and a GTX 1060 8gbs of ram.I do think i did not live up to the first but they lost the lead art director inbetween the development stages so a big part of the game was left behind in development.I would rate this game 8/10
,Recommended,403640,32888873,Posted: 27 June,all,Martian_Fusion,"How do I feel about this game?Let's just say I've put almost 40 hours into this game in a week.Gameplay: 10/10Graphics: 9/10Story: 10/10Replayability: 10/10You a combat seeking fighter?You can destroy dozens of enemies, of varying difficulty.Want to get from point A to B without much worry?If you don't mind having dirty hands, or half a city chasing you, no worries.Want to go through like a ghost?Prepare for a difficult, but exciting playthrough.Whether you're after clean hands, spilling a river, or just playing your own way, this game is increadible, with multiple options for almost every enemy."
,Recommended,403640,26628705,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,powerlifting315,"<edit 11/22>Installed the beta 1.2 patch.  Beat the game today.Now I can run on ultra with solid performance!  The game is beautiful now.  NOT W3 beautiful, but great artwork!  Environments are incredibly fleshed out.This game was huge fun!  Some of the best level design I've seen in any game.I played as Corvo, Clean Hands.Corvo is now voiced in Dishonored 2, whereas in Dishonored 1 he went the way of Gordon Freeman.  At first, I wanted him to shut the ♥♥♥♥ up but the voice actor is talented and I grew to like it.As I did Clean Hands, I can't review the combat.But the stealth is very good.  Without spoiling things, they give you a few more tools your old favorites are there as well.NPCs seem way smarter in this game.  I played on medium and it felt like hard in Dishonored 1.  They are challenging foes, and adept pathfinders.Overall, despite the launch woes I give this game two thumbs up!<edit 11/18>Installed the beta patch and gcard driver patch.Mouse is fixed!Also, 50-60fps in the first outside area.980ti / i7-2600k / win 10<original review>Unfortunately, I can not recommend you buy the game at this time.  I bought it, played close to two hours before I uninstalled and got a refund.  The mouse issue is just too much for me.  The mouse feels sluggish, and the responsiveness varies with the FPS.  With a game that varies wildly in FPS, this is a real usability problem.I am watching closely, waiting for them to release a patch.  The game holds much promise!"
,Recommended,403640,32912223,Posted: 27 June,all,JohnnyB,"Okay.... I'm only 2 hours into this game and love it. The biggest reason I get excited is because of the AI. I highly recommend to max the AI senses in custom difficulty. AI hear footsteps, actually ♥♥♥♥ing walk around instead of standing looking at a wall for 10 minutes, recognize if the person that was talking to them stops, and notice people that where on guard are missing. It actually gives them realistic reactions and vision which I love. I hate other stealth games that ♥♥♥♥ up these basic principles such as only giving even the hardest AI 20 feet of vision and if you stand 21 feet in front of them in a field they can't see you. Its ridicoulous that other games still do this. Dishonored 2 is brutal in the fact of.... if your in sight line of an enemy and exposed they see you. This game has already hooked me and I just started."
,Recommended,403640,32897254,Posted: 27 June,all,TheCharacter,"I played through the first multiple times as well as the dlc's.. Dishonored 2 is just as great as Dishonored, however, it has some minor performance problems which for me is mainly unstable fps. It is not so bad as to make me want to hate the game but you can still feel that it does not play as smoothly as Dishonored..I cannot give this game a neutral reccomendation so I will recommend it. The only reason(s) why I will recommend it is because the story, the environment and all the intrigue brought upon us in Dishonored is brought to us in the second. I love discovering the environment of D2 and playing as Emily Kaldwin. I sure will replay with Corvo but having a choice gives you the characters opinions on the events and story (as well as Dishonored's).If you can tolerate minor performance issues, then this game is worth trying."
,Recommended,403640,33059499,Posted: 30 June,all,FlamingKiwi,"Compared to the first game, Dishonored 2, feels much longer, more complicated and more difficult (although once you get a feel for things it gets easier). Personally I enjoyed those aspects of this game albeit it took me a couple of missions to get used to. The game looks and feels great but leans much heavier into the more mystical/magic side of things, very reminecent to D1's DLCs, and is a far throw from the orginal's main storyline, which in my opinion was a good balance of natural and void. The new characters are interesting and well-developed-""ish"" but the story line didn't really ""land"" for me. The ending was strange to say the least and I felt much more detached than expected; and by detached I mean I felt like I had no real connection or emotional tie to anything really going on. Going back to the characters, the Outsider feels and sounds like Penguin from ""Gotham,"" which I like this new change personally. Emily can be a bit wishy-washy at times but for the most part is a soild main character. Corvo is as brutal as ever and I feel like him actually having a voice makes him a lot better. There are aspects of a horror-esque game placed through various levels, some more obvious than others, I'm not a big fan of those styles of games but I felt like most of those genre additions were tasteful and useful to the plot points. Overall though, the missions are diverse, the levels are incredible, and the new mechanics, are all great upgrades from the previous. Music and art style still give you that steampunk vibe without effort and the variations of enemies and powers are a great dessert to this full course. If you liked Dishonored 1 you'll enjoy many parts of this new one, however, keeping out of spolier territory, you could feel indifferent about others aspects.[Overall it is a solid 8.5/10 game]"
76561197990257339,Recommended,403640,33066651,Posted: 30 June,all,Skynne,"Very similar to Dishonored 1. Story is average, gameplay lots of fun."
,Recommended,403640,33071040,Posted: 30 June,all,Lottabullets,"Many games are afraid to place effective tools in the hands of the player, and as a result suffer the curse of being mundane and linear. Dishonored 2 is not one of those games.Player choice is, and always has been a very crucial part to the stealth-action genre, and Dishonored 2 merely gives a final destination to levels while leaving the journey entirely in the hands of the player. It has been a while since I had played a game that gave me so much freedom, and I cherished the opportunity at every turn utilizing the many interesting ways to dissect a level. As with the the first Dishonored, level design is the crux of this game, and it is mostly excellent.The praise I give to the level design is matched to the amount of tools given to the player and the sheer power of those tools as well. The Blink ability was a staple in the first Dishonored, and I found myself once again relying on the extremely powerful ability to carry me through my first play-through. It's interesting to note that the hallmark void abilities from the first game are not a mandatory inclusion, in fact, the player can opt to not use the powers at all which may or may not have an impact on the game's story.There aren't many games I can think of that give the player control of the difficulty in such a way as Dishonored 2 does. In most games, there are maybe 3-4 preset difficulty options each sporting a blurb about how difficult or easy that setting is, and Dishonored 2 does have these basic preset difficulties as well. The difference is that you can pick and choose how difficult and unforgiving a game experience you wish to partake in. I turned several of the options down to make myself more reliant on smart gameplay decisions, and not letting myself slip into a run and gun playstyle due to the brutal nature of combat that I was creating through the difficulty. It worked pretty well to keep me reigned in and made me think a lot more carefully about how I wanted to approach situations knowing that if I had to engage in open combat it wasn't going to be easy.While I have done nothing but give praise to the developers for creating a great game, it is not without some major flaws accompanying it. Performance is quite awful even this far after launch which is disappointing to say the least. With my set-up, I shouldn't be forced to play at Medium graphics or take a giant FPS drop which is what I had to do. Many, many others have reported the same type of problems, so if you do not have a beefier rig, you may have some issues.While I have praised level design, there are the rare occasions where the playground levels funnel into some linearity. This isn't awful for some things that should be that way such as a vault entrance, but there are a few times throughout the game where your options are walk into the open, or take the extremely annoying way around (usually through some bloatfly-ridden areas).The story is quite predictable and linear, and leaves a lot to be desired in my opinion. The main antagonist has the typical angsty-edgy ""my parents didn't acknowledge me"" story, and then said antagonist comes across the powerful void which grants her great power. There are several points in time where I'm baffled as to why they don't try and stop the player from achieving their goals. There are some quirky characters that are met on the way, but they seem to fit the typical character tropes more than attempting to be unique.The Bottom LineA very enjoyable stealth-action game with a sandbox-style approach to traversing levels is exactly what you will get with Dishonored 2. That is, of course, assuming you have a powerful enough machine to run the game at a decent framerate.I rate the game a solid 7.5/10. Good, but has a story that leaves you underwhelmed, and performance issues plague an otherwise great game."
,Recommended,403640,32979886,Posted: 29 June,all,ComradeWinston,From the little I've played it looks better and plays perfectly well. Some have complained of performance issues but I haven't had the slightest problem. Its certainly worth getting on sale.
,Recommended,403640,33090009,Posted: 1 July,all,CharmandeRrrrrr,"Definitely my Game of the Year.Gameplay is superb and better than dishonored, story is interesting too(but you might need to play dishonored and its dlc to understand whats going on). I played as Emily because her power seems interesting, and I am not dissappointed.Despite the great gameplay, this game suffers from a little performance issues.With my gtx 1070 and i7-6700k, I notice framerates fluctuating between 70 to 90 fps. And sometimes when I open the menu, the game stutters a little. Definitely playable but a little annoying.All in all, I will still give this game 9/10. -1 for its performance issue.And now its time for me to replay this game again as Corvo."
76561197981737298,Recommended,403640,33065033,Posted: 30 June,all,CAT COCAINE,11/10
,Recommended,403640,33045760,Posted: 30 June,all,Zemliz,Exciting & Thrilling story driven game. Its a lot of fun & has a lot of different ways to finish the game.
76561197994440800,Recommended,403640,32792793,Posted: 25 June,all,[BHA] Vorce,"It's a regular sequel. They have not added things it doesnt need, but kept all that made the first game great. If you enjoyed the first game, you'll enjoy this too."
,Recommended,403640,32840268,Posted: 26 June,all,PREDATOR,You have to just play it. It's amazing. Especially with the new custom difficulty settings. Yes. Get it.
76561198034387750,Recommended,403640,31076264,Posted: 11 April,all,Findanniin,"Despite everyone and their dog still complaining about their performance issues, I found Dishonored 2 to run just fine on custom med-high settings on a by now 4 year old gaming laptop.It runs with the occasional hickup on high quality, and everything good about Dishonored 1 seems to be present during my 10 hours or so with 2.Bigger levels, Smarter AI, multiple goals and a world that adapts (minimally) to your choices.There's a demo available now if you're worried about performance and it's on sale as I'm writing this."
76561198009831849,Recommended,403640,32799207,Posted: 25 June,all,jemowonder,"Dishonored 2 is a more than worthy follow up to Dishonored, with one of the most intriguing stories I've played in years."
76561198055170203,Recommended,403640,32861113,Posted: 27 June,all,Howlin_Radio,"If your thinking about this game-just play the demo. If you enjoy the demo, go ahead and buy the game because it is excellent."
76561198025114367,Recommended,403640,28565063,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,thefatgreekdude,"I played through Dishonored 1 and all DLC multiple times and really enjoyed them.Dishonored 2 surpassed the first in every way. I have played throuh both characters with multiple methods (high chaos, low chaos, no kills, stealth, etc.) The dev's have crafted a game where you can truly make your own path through the missions.For anyone intersted in steam punk stealth/action game I can't recommend this enough.I can't comment on an PC performance issues as I did not have any. For reference, I am running i7 4660k, GIgabyte Extreme 1080, 16GB Ram. Solid 60 FPS at 1440 all ultra with exception of AA."
,Not Recommended,403640,28681264,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Commissar Talonius Pius,If you have a AMD R9 GPU avoid this game like the plague.  Patch 1.3 made the game unplayable due to lackluster support for this card.  And oh boy are they sure dragging their knuckles fixing it.
,Recommended,403640,26676639,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Weel Smiff,"This horrible patch of an otherwise awesome game is simply just heartbreaking. Sorry Arcane, but I'm taking my money back to buy it on console instead. Or just something else.Edit:I decided to give this game one more chance after the beta patch. It didn't do much, but it helped a little. I've grown up with a bad pc, so the framerate isn't affecting me as much as it does to other people.I did not regret giving this another chance. As soon as you get used to the FPS drops, this game is really fun. The amount of choices and gameplay options in this game is enough to keep playing this game over and over (I know I'll surely do that).I would rather recommend buying this game on console, but I hope the pc version will get a better patch in the future.Another edit: This game is running pretty good now. And I just realized how many ways you can kill everyone. My former arguments are invalid."
76561198006013734,Recommended,403640,26513975,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Mr Spungle,"My original review gave a negative rating due to the horrible optimisation. The reason why I've changed it to positive, is because I've figured out a fix.If your game is lagging, change from borderless window to fullscreen. This completely fixed my FPS, I went from everything on low and still lagging, so everything on ultra with 60 fps. Hopefully this will help anyone who is getting the same lag I've been getting."
76561197995128738,Recommended,403640,29186616,Posted: 11 January,all,Shake Zula,"A masterpiece of level design.  Holy ♥♥♥♥ing Moley. I replayed the original Dishonored not long before I bought Dishonored 2, and was struck by what an innovative and imaginative world Arkane built then.  Dishonored 2 stands on the shoulders of its original.  The only negative was the very flat voice acting and dialogue, both from the player character (I played as Emily) and much of the NPC's.  I mean, I didn't recognize Sam Rockwell, who's only in it for a minute, and Rosario Dawson sounded like someone drugged her coffee before she recorded.  But I'm going to replay it soon as Corvo, and this time I'm going to enjoy murdering everyone who gets in my way."
,Recommended,403640,29765774,Posted: 7 February,all,Kit Fisto,"A great sequel for an amazing game. The story was pretty straight foward, unlike the first one, but the level design is one of the best I've ever seen in a game."
76561198070947736,Recommended,403640,28759952,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Koalista,"Didn't play at launch, so I don't know what problems the game had. I had 40 FPS average with a few drops in crowded places on medium with my GTX 760. Had to download Reshade to remove blurrines and make colors better, but after that, I've had zero problems with the game. Zero bugs, zero performance problems. I loved the level design, Mission 7 was the best by far. On my first No kill/No alerts/No powers playthrough it took about 20 hours+- to finish, on the second one with high chaos and powers, about twelve, but you can rush it without collecting things waaay quicker. For me, worth the 40 euros I paid for it."
,Recommended,403640,29070003,Posted: 6 January,all,Liquid!,"Decided to pick this up despite the mixed reviews from all the technical issues.Seems to be working fine at full Ultra 1080p on my GTX 1080.I'll admit, the narration and dialogue seem a little corny, almost overwritten. The gameplay seems to be just as good as Dishonored was, and I'm looking forward to playing more this weekend.I would say the devs have done a good job of ironing out the PC issues, because it currently seems to be working fine... but I have no baseline to compare it against, because I bought it at the very end of the Winter Sale (presumably after whichever patch fixed the issues)."
76561198070588384,Recommended,403640,29075950,Posted: 6 January,all,AFluffyRedPanda,"Great game, very similar to the old one but with a new story and new powers from Emilly. However, the game is rather short. they have added a new game plus mode into this one though which helps greatly with replay value and playing the different characters (Corvo or Emily). I strong reccomend it, however I'd say get it when it's on sale rather than paying full price given how short it is."
76561198013141287,Recommended,403640,33458814,Posted: 11 July,all,Centipede,"Similar to Dishonored 1, it has memorable world building and exceptional level design that works on many intricate layers."
,Recommended,403640,33443575,Posted: 10 July,all,Jiggaw,I enjoyed dishonored series but the first dishonored more in terms of stealth based and believe me i played it on the hardest difficulty i know you can die by 2 sword hits but after relics and long time investing in the game it become ezI never enjoyed tracking the runes and finding relics honestly but that goes for every game with treasures yet i find myself doing it just for that perfect finish.Relics=extra benefit from kills in which you can gain hp/mp and it's like boon(not always)crafted relics= a recycle of the relics that you didn't like or ones with debuff in which you can create a better version depending on your relic crafting skillsI think it's great game in general with nice story(doesn't compare much to the first dishonored story or even soundtracks)
76561198096085771,Recommended,403640,33461070,Posted: 11 July,all,Phon,"This is a stupendiously good game, but the first one is better. I say no more."
,Recommended,403640,33390722,Posted: 8 July,all,Andrew,It's pretty good.
76561198018156993,Recommended,403640,33206010,Posted: 3 July,all,Pfief,"Some of my favourite games of all time are the Thief series and ""Dark Messiah of Might and Magic"", the latter being quite unknown for no reason (give it a try). And if you mix those two, you get Dishonored. It is only surpassed by the brilliant second part which offers the best singleplayer experience I had for several years.The gameplay is a delightful sandbox full of stealth, combat and powers to experiment with. The environments are stunning and multifaceted. They are fun to explore and hide many secrets. The game offers different approaches which can be overwhelming for some. Its like the Mount and Blade of stealth games. Lore and characters are top notch, the main story does its job (but is a bit shallow to be honest). For stealth fans there are lots of options to make the game truely hardcore. The AI can be really ""realistic"" and is the best I ever encountered in a stealth game (not talking about Hitman, which is different). Its a huge step compared to Thief/Splinter Cell/First Dishonored.On top of that it runs PERFECTLY on my old crappy laptop :D No bugs, no performance issues, nothing. I guess the performance issues can occur on high-end PCs where users want high-end results. If you just want to play the game and can live with low settings (still looks ok), go get this masterpiece."
76561198002510688,Recommended,403640,28930076,Posted: 1 January,all,That Guy,"I have but a few things to say about this game: I enjoyed the story, I found the combat to be improved from DH1, I got a lot of hours out of it.Something I didn't like? They had a playthrough counter before they added New Game +(Seriously? Like a slap in the face every time I paused.).A very fun game, would(and have) played again."
76561198147809193,Recommended,403640,33637200,Posted: 18 July,all,Sil3ntS1aughter,"This game is amazing. There is nothing else you can say. It takes the formula of the first game, the combat dialouge style and mechanics and streamlines it bringing it up to a whole new level. (First game is also amazing and I cant rccomend it highly enough.) Do yourself the favor and buy this game instantly. (After buying the first one of course!)"
76561198195918109,Recommended,403640,30150893,Posted: 24 February,all,valentin_daruvar,"Gents and ladies,Today I have finished Dishonored 2. I remember the days I played and finished Dishonored 1 and the emotions are not even close the same..So, what has changed? The Dishonored had amazing story and the D2 story is decent one. Decent, but not amazing. It is like developers tried to focus more on extra abilities and skills. That is good if you are kid or teenager. I actually regreted the fact I used overseer gift (runes and bonecharms). With only knife I could have finished this game. It is still good game, more than good to be honest and I will definitely recommend it.It took me 34 hours to finish, but please take into account that I like to experience the game and look into every detail. In other words, It is not the longest game ever, and you should have at least 25+ guaranteed hours of gameplay.The actual sword fight is done decently, I enjoyed it a lot. Your actions matter, so mind to minimize number of killings in order to keep chaos on low level.Verdict is quite simple: Buy the game and enjoy it. However, do not expect Dishonored 1 experience. Some experiences cannot be re-lived.  It is a good game,  7.5 / 10.------Only In Christ we trust"
,Recommended,403640,31654472,Posted: 9 May,all,Pretentious Geek,"After a few patches, many performance issues have been ironed out, still needs some work I doubt it'll ever recieve. Could hit 60 most times with i7-6700K and GTX 980 on High/Very High @ 1080p.Some of the best design work in videogames. Layouts are well thought out, systems well designed, writing is deep (not the monologues, not even Garrett could save them) and the way you play has repercussions.You can do about 12 different playthroughs now, not factoring difficulties, or custom difficulties, due to high/low chaos, assault and stealth, two characters with different powers (Emily or Corvo) and now a New Game+ that lets you use both powers. Brilliant!Probably GOTY 2016 for design work and level concepts alone."
76561198006640506,Recommended,403640,31342878,Posted: 24 April,all,Zentak,"Play the free demo with the first 3 missions and you'll see if the game works on your system: I was a bit scared by some reviews saying it doesn't run smoothly on a GTX 1080, but I finished the game in high chaos and had abolutely no technical issues whatsoever. Stable 60 FPS, no slowdown or crashes to desktop.If you liked the first one this is a must have: it took everything that was good in the first game and manage to improve on it. The level design is even better and combined with the spells offers a lot of replayability.  The universe is dense and immersive, packed with a lot of little details that gives life to it: notes, diaries telling the stories of characters you'll encounter during the missions. The way you play and your actions will influence what's happening in the world and how people react: the dialogues will change, and sometimes even the actions of NPC.The only minor complaint I have is that some new weapons or gadgets would have been welcome. There are new options for the crossbow and the pistol (new types of ammo and weapon extensions), but other than that it's the same stuff that was in the first Dishonored. Also it would have been nice to know a little bit more about some of the main characters.10/10"
76561198103592049,Recommended,403640,31365957,Posted: 25 April,all,Svartkladd,"Feels like more of the same Dishonored in general (this feeling is getting pretty annoying with recent sequel releases). But I'd recommend to try it in any case to those who like stealth games. Not recommended as shooter though (it's going to be too easy and not entertaining, as I can see it from here). No performance or other issues detected.Good thing is customizable difficulty. I like it when enemies are blind and you can't hide in plain sight, but it felt that they're too quick to detect/react on default settings, even though it may be realistic, we're not playing ARMA here.Interesting enough for single playthrough, but gets boring on second, even funny bloodbath caused by slo-mo, doppelgangers and other messy skills don't make it fun enough to go all over again, despite good enough level design (clockwork mansion the best, of course) and some puzzles like robbing all those black market shops.And c'mon, guys, what's the point of playing a skilled asssassin and making accent on being good and sparing the enemies? What chaos are you talking about, there was a plague around in first Dishonored, in sequel situation isn't much better, and killing a dozen of guards that (most likely) had their hands pretty dirty, judging by number of dead civilians, sends the world into chaos, really? I know about roleplay and stuff, but it really feels sorta naive and too obvious."
76561198076867281,Recommended,403640,32701538,Posted: 23 June,all,PentaNinja,"The game is really nice but is really badly optimised for pc, can't get a stable 60fps on ulta with a gtx 1060, but the game itself is worth the money"
,Not Recommended,403640,26633179,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,TheLegend27,"This game is fun but has performance issues. Even with a good pc there are spots that wreck your fps even on low settings. Once they fix the performance issues it's a solid buy but until then you might want to hold offThe game sets itself tolow priorty by defaultand changing it to something higher canboost your performance,Steps to change priority(windows 10, should be similar on other windows though)Start dishonored 2Tab out (alt+tab) and right click your task bar, then select task managerIf there is not a short list of processes labeled ""Apps"" then click ""Name""Right click ""Dishonored2"" and select go to detailsRight click Dishonored2.exe (It should be highlighted) and hover over set priorty then choose normal or higherThis might help you if you are having performance problems.This is not the be all end all of fixes and wont turn this game into a masterpiece but it might helpThere are problems in the game this fix wont helpThe mouse control is a bit wonky it feels like theres some acceleration there. I read something about sensetivity being tied to fps (although I don't know if that's true) and lowered from ultra to very high so it didn't fluctuate as much and the mouse did feel a bit better after that.Edit: Mouse control is indeed tied to framerate. Unless your computer is a beast running nvidia cards hold off on this game. Definately avoid for now if youre running an AMD card"
76561198158920304,Recommended,403640,28684005,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,AbusiveGranny,"Didn't feel like I needed to buy this game, so I waited for a sale.Now I have put a few hours into it; I can say I wish I had bought it before I love the stealth and combat in the game but dislike the upgrade system , you have to find runes which go towards power upgrades and when your on a main mission I don't like having to go off to ""level up"" as it feels like a worthless collectable."
76561198082684294,Not Recommended,403640,33109873,Posted: 1 July,all,kayak83,"Loved Dishonored 1, but this is a poor port that has frame pacing issues even after multiple patches. I had hoped they had it figured out by now but they haven't. Gsync and 90 FPS still felt like 30. Refunded."
76561198134230113,Recommended,403640,30160813,Posted: 25 February,all,KentuckyJones,Great story and stealth highly recommend. Great replay value as well.
76561197991308575,Recommended,403640,34516695,Posted: 26 August,all,spauldingae,"Dishonored 2 is very much like the first game, with a few modifcations. The most prominant is the game takes place in Kanarca, with a few missions in Dunwall, so Victorian Fantasy Dieselpunk London is traded for more of a Spanish/French Mediterean location. You also have a choice to play as Emily(now in her mid-20's) or Corvo(who is now voiced by Stephen Russel AKA Garret from the Thief series). The big difference is that they have some different powers, though the plot feels more suited to Emily. This is mostly due to the fact that as the game goes on and she sees how things are out in the real world beyond Dunwall tower, as she realizes she kinda sucked at being an Empress because she was too busy dreaming about playing Ninja like her dad. As opposed to playing corvo where...where, he's doing what he did in the last game.Other then that, it's much the same. All the major villians can be dealt with by stabby-stabby or via a non-lethal method, though the non-lethal method is now less evil most of the time(as opposed to DH).A few improvements from the DH1 DLC has been integrated here, notably the ability to purchase favors from the black market to make your missions a little easier or to easily unlock more loot to steal.If you haven't played the first game or the DLC(Knife of Dunwall/Brigamore Witches), then you're not really gonna get as much out of this as you would otherwise. A decent amount of the plot is pulled from the DLC(particularly everything about Billie Lurk) so you might want to play the DLC if you haven't before playing this."
76561197989742076,Recommended,403640,34546206,Posted: 27 August,all,JK,"Overall I consider Dishonored 2 better than its predecessor. Initially I was apprehensive of purchasing this game due to the negative feedback regarding performance issues. Yes, the game does bog down in a couple of areas, but luckily it isn't widespread and even when FPS do drop it isn't ugly like it can be in other games.I was continually impressed by the level design especially later in the game.  Dishonored 1 had great gameplay so there was no need to re-invent the wheel. With that said, DH2 offers more of the same with ""additions"" added in. This is fine to me. Replayability makes it worth going through the game twice.If there is a Dishonored 3 I will purchase. I recommend this game to anyone who enjoyed the first installment."
76561198032055444,Recommended,403640,31028488,Posted: 8 April,all,Rallysnigel,"I loved Dishonored 1, reminded me a bit of good ol' Thief 1 and 2.Dishonored 2 is great in many ways. Especially great is the fact that you can spend hours in a single mission without actually starting the main objective. There's much to see, do and explore outside of the main story, and it makes the game a lot bigger than it actually is. The main story is sadly not that interesting (except for a few bits and pieces) and it would have benefitted from being a tad longer. Or, ya know, just generally a bit better.All in all, I liked it and I'll probably play though it again at some point."
,Recommended,403640,32963513,Posted: 28 June,all,Foxinburrow,Super enjoyable. The new game+ update added a good bit to mix things up after finishing the story.
76561198044911943,Recommended,403640,32942379,Posted: 28 June,all,Gaylord29 PALMS,"Not the greatest PC port, the graphics bugged out every now and then taking you out of the experience. But this is still a very, I mean very, good game. Easily a 9/10.Gameplay is fun and stays fresh with new twists, very decent story and fun characters. Worth it if you have played the first game. This is what most sequels should aspire to be, a improved version of the last game which builds upon everything."
76561198124799233,Recommended,403640,33362088,Posted: 7 July,all,Helen Killer,"First, let me address the elephant in the room - story and writing. I will conceed that both are rather ham-fisted and low quality. I'll also conceed to being a little dissapointed by this - the original suffered from the same problem, and I was under the impression that this would be improved. Next, the graphics. The texture resolution can often be quite low, but it's only really noticible if you focus on an object. Otherwise, this game looks great. The definitive art style from the first game is present and better than ever. The increase in saturation compared to the first accentuates the painting-like style.The world is, again, simply fantastic. If anything, Arkane hits home with truly amazing level design and worldbuilding. The world of the game feels real and lived-in, with cluttered streets and narrow roads. The contrast between Dunwall and Karnaca is immediately noticable. It truly feels like traveling from the dreary, oppressive weather of the British Isles to the sunbleached Mediteranian.My initial concern with the game was the selectable players. It's a problem present in MOBAs as well - how do you ensure the different characters are unique yet balanced? After spending way too many hours playing as both Corvo and Emily, I can assure you that Arkane hit the nail on the head. Every power in the game is viable in its own way, and many are interchangable in certain circumstances. Even playing as Corvo, the last game's protagonist, the game felt fresh. Every power has niche uses to explore accross your playthrough, and when used properly, you become a force to be reckoned with.The play-your-way feature of the first game is stronger than ever. There are many changes to the ending depending on how you play, as opposed to the first, in which there were only really three distinct endings. In this game, your playthrough can end in a myriad of different ways depending on who you killed, who you spared, what you did, how you did it, etc. For replayablility, Dishonored 2 is even better than its predecessor.The game retains its intense violence and gore factor from the previous entry. Killmoves often involve bloody, Mortal Kombat-esque decapitations and severings. The various gadgets, like the infamous Springrazor, evicirate anyone who stands in your way. There's a definite feeling of power as you take foes to pieces with only your sword.While the writing is sub-par, the voice acting is superb. Stephen Russel lends a rugged, experienced edge to Corvo, while Erica Luttrell delivers her lines with the commanding voice of an empress. Erin Cottrell returns as Delilah, lending the character a haughty, infuriating tone. The only complaint I have is Robin Lord Taylor as the Outsider. Taylor is a great actor, but he's more suited to characters like Gotham's Penguin than the eldritch god of the void. Even the side characters are well-acted, with a good deal of inflection to their lines. It's easy to see everyone gave their all.Overall, this game is a modern masterpiece of level design and artistic vision. After reaching new heights with both entries in the Dishonored series, I have complete faith in Arkane's ability to deliver masterful games.9/10: Must buy"
76561197972535039,Recommended,403640,30342148,Posted: 5 March,all,coondogz,"This has to be my favorite game of the year so far! If you enjoyed Dishonored 1 you will enjoy this one as well.Lots of variety, same open-ended gameplay. The maps and graphics are totally amazing!. I still think this game is most fun when playing stealth. Definitely would give this one a 10/10"
,Recommended,403640,30037226,Posted: 19 February,all,nlaser11,I thought this was a great game and just as good as dishonored 1.   I paid full price for this game and i was not dissapointed.
,Recommended,403640,30478701,Posted: 12 March,all,Rogue Fox,"On the first week that I bought this game I couldn't play anything else, and it made me stay awake until 3 am to finish the full stealth non-lethal campaign, just to hype me so much that it made me stay awake until 6 ~ 7 am to replay the whole game in lethal non-stealth mode. Just a great game to me and I have to say that if you enjoyed the first one you'll love this one without a single doubt."
,Recommended,403640,31365638,Posted: 25 April,all,*Tom,god gam i fk it
76561198065775836,Not Recommended,403640,31084531,Posted: 11 April,all,Carlan,"Allthough i can tell its a good game, you should deffeintly only get this with the latest edge of tech. my gtx and core i5 had hicups and i couldn't even complete the tutotrial because of a jumping bug i was haveing. shame i did like the look of the game and mac gave it his game of the year which i bought it on the premises of. but like him, i shall give you warning to be wary when purchising as you might have to become accostimed like i to the refund policys of steam."
76561197994218017,Recommended,403640,34687074,Posted: 2 September,all,Caribou,"I was looking forward to this game, having loved the first Dishonored, but was scared away by reports of poor performance on release.  I picked it up during the summer sale and am really enjoying it.What I like:Hasn't crashed on me once, my rig is 3.5 years old.  Worst I get is an occasional FPS loss in the Clockwork Mansion mission when the house is moving.Like, Dishonored, the lore of the game is simply amazing.  Sure, you can kill your way through the missions, but if you're the sort of player that explores every nook and cranny, reads every book, note, listens to every NPC conversation, then you will love this game.The bone charm system is back and now you can craft your own, even stacking up to four abilities on a single charm with the proper unlocks.You can now tweak many many aspects of the difficulty in the custom dificulty menu.  Things as mundane as how often you can save, how much time is slown down when accessing the quick wheel as well as many aspects of guard behavior, how aware they are (horizontly/vertically), if you can be seen while leaning around corners, how far they're chase you, how long they'll look for you, if they attack in groups, how brave they are (killing the squad's officer sometimes causes reamaining guards to flee), and of course how much damage they deal.You have a choice to play as Emily or Corvo and options for High/Low chaos, which adds replayability.New game+ - After beating the game, you can start a new game and are refunded your previous playthrough's runes, which can be spent right away.  You also have access to both Emily and Corvo's abilities.Level design is great - There are multiple different routes to everywhere, depending on what powers you've chosen.  For max exploration, I recomend boosting your jump and extending range of far reach ASAP.What I didn't like:Game feels short - I prefer to play stealth, explore every room, read every item, sweep everywhere for loot type of player and even doing that, my first playuthrough took ~25 hours.Would have been nice to have seperate hot keys to access runes, bonecharms, maps, mission items, mission clues, lore, etc instead of having one key and navigating tabs with the mouse.Would have been nice to list the number of health/mana and rewire tools in inventory somwhere on the HUD, rather than having to check a menu.All in all, I recomend this game, especially if you can find it on sale.  Dues Ex and Thief players especially."
76561197983924492,Recommended,403640,34697774,Posted: 2 September,all,w.f.schepel,"Dishonored 2 is a game that can be finished fairly quickly, but shouldn't be. It is an incredibly rich game with many stories to tell. Despite the fact there is a set sequence to 'levels', the game allows you a lot of freedom in the way you solve each level. Each nook and cranny is worth exploring because there is always something worthwhile to find, with many clever details that are easily overlooked if you rush through. Combat, whether lethal or non-lethal, is smooth and makes sense. A clever touch is that it matters where you hide the bodies: leave an unconscious body too close too serious health hazards and you will have a dead body eventually. Don't save without a good look at your stats first! The game very helpfully tells you how many you have killed and how often you were spotted. Invaluable information if you want to be a merciful ghost."
,Recommended,403640,34673495,Posted: 1 September,all,hoserama99,"This game ticks all the boxes for me in a single-player experience: strong atmosphere, deep story, intriguing gameplay mechanics, immersive environments.My initial playthrough was done with no killing and no detection, which is a bit grindy in places, but I found it very enjoyable.Some levels had fascinating design: the clockwork mansion and the ""crack in the slab"" time-travelling level felt very fresh to me.My main annoyance is minor: I played through with a guide trying to get all the painting and souvenir collectibles and somehow managed to miss one or two. The game won't tell you, so you're really on your own here. Spoiler: the IGN guide definitely neglects to mention a few, so if you're playing with a guide, you may want to double-check that it is complete before you get started.All told, I loved the experience and am hankering for another playthrough, this time as Corvo with high chaos.If you like strong story and immersive single-player in the vein of a BioShock or similar, this is an easy 5 out of 5."
,Recommended,403640,34676334,Posted: 1 September,all,Mustrum Ridcully,"Almost as good as the first Dishonored, but just feels like it's missing something that I can't quite put my finger on. Maybe it's just that the novelty is gone. Maybe the visual design isn't quite as good (and it sounds like Viktor Antonov wasn't as involved with this game, so that would make sense), but it's still a highly-detailed world with an entirely hand-crafted feel.Two of the levels (Clockwork Mansion and A Crack in the Slab) have really unique mechanics that really set the game apart. I also really like Emily's powerset, even moreso than Corvo's. Be aware, though, that enemies are a bit more observant in this game than the first one, making stealth playthroughs more difficult."
,Recommended,403640,34732736,Posted: 4 September,all,9warbane,"It's more Dishonored!+ Gameplay and exploring is great but I did find the story a little weak.- Why turn one of the protagonists to stone just to motivate the other to rescue him/her after all the♥♥♥♥♥♥Delilah has been through. You'd think she'd be smarter than that.+ The more I learned about the Delilah the more sympathetic I became, she took what she wanted. Corvo has done the same considering medium chaos in the first game is meant to be the canon ending.- Not much social stealth, just a few neutral zones.+ The heart. Oh my god. She just reopens old wounds after being dead for so long.- Belittled for going high chaos. I'm sorry. I like to have fun. I'm sure low chaos takes more skill/patience but ♥♥♥♥ that.I don't get the point of the chaos system at this point, was there high security in the second the last mission? Didn't feel like it going through the front door and fighting a total of 3 of those robots.I do regret playing as Corvo because his powers are the same as the first game.Also it runs like♥♥♥♥♥♥ Prey runs way better.Overall pretty great! Keen on the DLC."
76561198009086496,Recommended,403640,29588558,Posted: 30 January,all,Alpharius,Game is good. Story isn't
,Recommended,403640,33896255,Posted: 29 July,all,XGN Hobbs,"Dishonored 2 takes everything from the original and cranks it to 11. Virtually every element is expanded upon. This time around you have two characters to choose from. Both with an expansive set of unlockable skills and powers. Takedown options are varied for lethal and non-lethal. In the original where your only options for a non-lethal takedown were sleep darts for your crossbow (which were rare and you could only carry five) and choking out hostiles. But now there is a host of new options which helps to mix up the gameplay. Stuff like stun mines, and crossbow bolts that make the enemy flee and forget what happened to them. I especially like the fact that you can now to a non-lethal drop take down. I also like that there are alway multiple different paths to take. You could take to high ground jumping from building to building. Or crawl around below in the storm drains and sewers. Or if you feel ballsy head on up the main street and blast or cut down any guard (or civilian) in your way. Aside from core gameplay, the story is good. There is always purpose to what you are doing and a there is a feeling of urgency present throughout. The game is good looking and runs well on my rig. I didn't discover many bugs. Mosty getting stuck in walls from time to time. Most likely my own fault for trying to blink (teleport) to places the devs would have never thought someone would try to get to."
,Recommended,403640,34723090,Posted: 3 September,all,JimminieCrikets,"The game is almost exactly like the first Dishonored. Now I know that many games do this as far as fight mechanics and such, but the story is exactly the same plot. I mean really, they could have come up with a better story."
76561198065183142,Recommended,403640,34109047,Posted: 8 August,all,Blyatman,"Dishonored is one of my favorite stealth games, up there with Splinter Cell and Thief. The first game had some issues, like the binary moral choice aspect, but it also shined in so many areas that I could overlook some of the rust. Dishonored 2 fixes some of these problems, and leaves others untouched. I've never been a big fan of the ""chaos"" system. Essentially this means that your choices in the game, mostly surrounding whether or not you kill your enemies or avoid them, will change how the story of the game plays out and ends. My problem with this is that despite the game telling you to ""play your way"" the only satisfying ending comes from low chaos, and this has been true through both Dishonored and Dishonored 2. I don't like this because while going non-lethal is a challenge and can be fun, the pragmatic approach that any person would realistically have to take is punished. Anyways, my ♥♥♥♥♥ing about not being able or stab people in the throat aside, what about the gameplay?I'll split gameplay analysis into two catagories for the sake of explanation; combat, and stealth.Stealth (the right way to play): The stealth in this game is largely based around your powers, which Corvo and Emily (the playable characters) both have. Some of their powers are unique, and some are shared, but suffice it to say that they both have a suite of abilities at their disposal. While many of these powers help in stealth, many are redundant it seems to me, and rather unnecessary. For example, there is a power called Shadow Walk, which allows you to assume the form of a shadow in order to either cross rooms and kill enemies. The problem is that you are still somewhat visible and rather slow, and the kill animation is incredibly long and drawn out. Essentially you have just added time to what could have been a simple Blink teleport, and a throat slash; a process that takes roughly one second to execute when practiced. Stealth relies heavily on the powers and in no power mode, the stealth is largely waiting in cover for your enemies to walk away and then stabbing them or slipping past. Despite what I have said here the animations are satisfying and cool to look at, the the movement system overall for stealth feels good and fluid.Combat: Combat in Dishonored 2 is an exercise in frustration. On easy, normal, and for me hard, the combat is shockingly easy. It is essentially just waiting for an enemy to attack and then parrying, which opens them up for an instant kill. If there is a group of 3 enemies rushing you? Windblast. They all die. A group of nine enemies rushing you? Windblast. They all die. It is entirely too easy with the powers, and even without both Corvo and Emily have numerous instant kill attacks that work in combat without and delays or blocks from enemies. Overall, combat in this game is a joke unless you are on very hard, and even then is incredibly easy if you understand blocking.Finally, the characters. I don't know if it's just me but aside from Corvo, Emily, and a personal favorite the Outsider, none of the characters are interesting. They are cardboard cutouts with poorly animated faces. The voice acting on some people is just awful, and the guards all sound like they are voice acted by the same guy. Overall the characters in this game are weak.TL;DR--1. The game has excellent stealth and a cool powers system that assist in this regard2. The combat is weak and easy3. The movement system is fluid and feels great4. The characters are flat and boring5. The plot is interesting, if you pay attention"
,Recommended,403640,35197602,Posted: 24 September,all,HEADS GROW BACK,"Want some wisdom?Come and get someI used to keep quietNow I'll let my lips runDoesn't matter what the masses think about youPut your trust in justice, she'll never doubt youThrown into a warYou didn't start oneThey drew first bloodNow you draw someFollow your calling, listen to your heart drumI'm the tree the apple didn't fall far fromShe's her father's daughterWith a dark side that I could not have taught herCaught up in politics, but we're not fond of dramaThe school of hard knocks is our alma materKilling off your guards, costing aristocracy dollarsWe're wreaking chaos, a freakin' plague's not gonna stop usI'll get to the bottom of your evil plotAnd leave you wanting a doctorEven if you freeze me in marble, I'll be a martyrCovered by darkness, I don't want any armorWhen I can travel through time like it's nothing but clockworkI'll take your barking dog off of his collarAnd put it on ya, hook ya to his leash and then walk yaAre you the Godfather? You oughtta start making offersYou're blocking me like a locked door, guess I should knock yaIf you live in Karnaca, you better not be a pauperWhen your spoons ain't silver, they're probably copperFar from Dunwall, in choppier watersClear off your docks for all the hatred I harborDust filling our lungs, breathing's gotten much harderI'll kill my sister-in-law, if that's what you could call herCause I'm deadly polite and awfully properCorvo's gotten older but he's off of his rockerTouch me and I'll have your body dropped in a gutterAnd let the rats have at you so you don't rot any longerThe hunted or hunter, the cop or the robberYou're either the one being followed or the ominous stalkerI mold your fate in my hands, like a confident sculptorBut I would not call it magic, cause I'm far from a Potter, ha!Overseers see nothing, I can see fartherRooftop to cobblestone, I'm the anonymous watcherWho want's a new constitution, I'll be the authorTell the Crown Killer that I want another monarch slaughteredYou know you don't own the throne, it belongs to my daughterAnd she'll have it back if that's my last act as a fatherCause I'm strong, but she's strongerI guess my death will be met with applauseCause I'm Dishonored(My death will be met with applause, cause I'm Dishonored)Could not care less so just let them applaudI've already conqueredI am bereft of regret, one day when waters are calmerI'm gonna get their respect, by definition, that's honor!Spare no traitor!Lay'em down to eternally sleepTo the gallows!Through your eyes, the world I will seePraise your savior!You'll run in circles when you're searching for meHailed and hallowed!I carry chaos burnin' in meHonor! Honor! Honor!None of you can take it from me!Honor! Honor! Honor!Don't care what they say about me!Honor! Honor! Honor!F*ckin' try to take it from me!Honor! Honor! Honor!Nothing's gonna take it from me!Honor!We've been bewitchedStand together, deception has no prejudiceForget elections, like that could have prevented thisGuess we got too comfortable in all our reckless decadencePull yourself outta this rut, you must reclaim your residenceBecome a judge who doesn't operate on pesky evidenceCause I trust my gut, I'll shut you up before you cast a curseYou're not the Kin of Kaldwin, but you'll be the last of yoursShe's got her father's toughness in her heartAnd I can see it in her eyes, she'll accomplish all she wantsEven in the face of chaos, she'll fight harder than I foughtI guess the apple fell farther than I thoughtSpare no traitor!Lay'em down to eternally sleepTo the gallows!Through your eyes, the world I will seePraise your savior!You'll run in circles when you're searching for meHailed and hallowed!I carry chaos burnin' in meHonor! Honor! Honor!None of you can take it from me!Honor! Honor! Honor!Don't care what they say about me!Honor! Honor! Honor!F*ckin' try to take it from me!Honor! Honor! Honor!Nothing's gonna take it from me!Honor!---The Empire's got a new bossDeliah Copperspoon, What a loon, Not human, Too poshHer city's a machine and I'm a loose cogI'm popping out the wall like a cuckoo clockTo move across rooftops in two hopsI'm mute but if I need to I'll blow the roof offAnd kudos to you lot That do what you've got to doTo follow throug and shoot a true shotWhen a bolt from the blue shocks youI'm going to watch to determine who's true and who's notThe world's bursting with vermin and parasitesWho surface disturbing this permanent paradiseCannibalising itselt then metabolising the toxinsAnd we're shocked when it's paralysedI know violence is glamorised so I have analysedand agonized on every dying man I've slicedTake back what's yoursWalk through floors walls and locked doorsTake back what's yours'til warm water pours from all your poresTake back what's yoursAll aboard pull the oars 'til we storm all your shoresTake back what's yours'til your foes crawl gory floors on all foursThere's smoke and dust chocking us I hope it won't combustIt's coating the mechanism of oppresion's spokes with rustThere's only so much that we'll let our load be pushedTo the overseers who oversee us I show disgustHow come they get the loaf while we beg below for crusts?I don't trust them just as far as I could throw the ♥♥♥♥sAnd when stones are chucked bones are bust wounds are opened upResistance and revolt's a must We're going for broke or bustFed up of hanging round shanty towns in hand me downsI'm tracking down your family if you don't hand me the crownToday's the day that I will finally find the fire insideto come and claim what's rightfully mineI'm tripping the kingdom and cryingfor children, men and women to riseYour tyranny's rivers are dryMy, this a riveting sightIn the blink of an eye, you're going to dieSo think of your imminent plightGive it a try I decline to give up the fight'til the end of my lifeTake back what's yoursWalk through floors walls and locked doorsTake back what's yours'til warm water pours from all your poresTake back what's yoursAll aboard pull the oars 'til we storm all your shoresTake back what's yours'til your foes crawl gory floors on all foursI'm going in I'm of the inclinationto instigate an insubordinationThis is an incantation an invocationinvitation to an investigationI'll infiltrate interpret and inseminate insider informationincite intimidation in interrogation to get an indicationof the indignatious indoctrination inundated in her nationof integration immigration indiscrimination interrelationand inflammation in inhabitation under industrializationInnocuous inoculation against an infestationInsinuation? Incrimination Implication? IncarcerationIt's an illustration of the inculcated inconsiderationincubated in us since her installationThe inauguration initiated intensificationof inebriation imitating inspirationIntoxication, impersonates invigorationinstrumental in inhibiting imaginationInnovation replaced with irritationInfatuation with infuriationIllumination with immolationincineration and inhalation of the vapour's incapacitationI'm impudent indemnification's insolent incarnationYour argument just is invalidation"
76561198001194174,Recommended,403640,35195106,Posted: 24 September,all,Balgore,"Just as good as the other Dishonored games in the series.  Can be played without having played the others, but the story is fairly linked to 1 and 2 to those that have played the series and the DLC.  It gives you all the abilities right at the beginning, so there are no runes.  There are bonecharms as well, and some of them change things pretty significantly.It took me 9 hours, the level design is pretty large and vast.  I explored everywhere, and killed everyone.Highly recommend, would kill all the civilians again."
76561197979343185,Recommended,403640,33441904,Posted: 10 July,all,Adeimantus,"Good:The action is fast, gory, and satisfying. The slow motion takedowns have a real cinematic quality to them that I have yet to tire of. The abilities are  varied and allow for some very creative sequencing. The maps are quite handsome with multiple approaches, tons of hidden blueprints, bonecharms, coins, runes, etc to be collected. The Serkonos architecture in partiular had a really cool sunsoaked British East India Company vibe.Replayability is quite high, in addition to running through the game on both characters and doing the usual lethal/non-lethal runs, they've added 'Mission Plus'. Mission Plus allows you to create a new save with the benefit of previously collected runes/blue prints and the full availability of both characters abilities.Bad:StoryDishonored 2 has truly awful story telling, featuring a forgetable supporting cast and weak central villain. The cutscenes and character interactions rarely go beyond exposition, often serving as little more than direct summary of events that have just transpired or clumsy, explicit statements of character motivation. The dictum, 'show, don't tell' was clearly lost on the game's writers.I much prefer the Corvo of the first game; a human cipher, a mute psychopath in a skull mask running around a rotting city seeking revenge. D1 was a pure, barebones tale of revenge in which you by and large filled in who Corvo was while the game provided action in spades. In my playthrough of Dishonored 2, the character that emerged via dialogue and cut scenes was often incongruous with my in game decision making. For instance, minutes into the game and only moments after choosing to KILL rather than incapacitate 3 guards, I got this gem:'what do I have to do to get Emily back? Who do I have to become?'(Dishonored 1 spoilers below)What? Remember 15 years ago when you, 'The Terror of Dunwall', deliberately accelerated the spread of plague through contamination of the distillery, wantonly killed every civilian that crossed your path, elected to murder several hundred guards en route to the brutal murders of the newly emergent power structure, assisted an insane old lady in cooking a man in a pot in exchange for whale bone charms, slit Samuel's throat when he threatened to narc, etc.? Are we really supposed to believe that the prospect of killing the people who have usurped your daughter's throne is causing some pangs of conscience?Evidently, the canon position on Corvo's deeds in the first game is a rather sunny one. Unfortunately, this comes at the cost of immersion if you want to play the game through on high chaos. The only thing that eventually happens is that your chosen hero will utter a few 'cynical' lines to reflect your increasingly murderous tendencies and you'll get a slightly nastier, more stern cutscene summary ending. Corvo and Emily are still pretty much represented as decent, sane people even after wading through an interminable number of their own citizens corpses in an effort to resecure the reins of power.Optimization:Even with a system that pretty far exceeds  the minimum specs and running everything on the lowest possible settings, I still experienced consistent drops in framerate."
76561198116659822,Recommended,403640,30252328,Posted: 28 February,all,Fowler,enjoyable
,Recommended,403640,35174490,Posted: 24 September,all,SSM,"good gaming, bad optimization"
76561197993570356,Recommended,403640,35250807,Posted: 27 September,all,michaelrab90,great game
,Recommended,403640,31482183,Posted: 1 May,all,`Lu_is`,DLC!!!!!!! Please
,Recommended,403640,29887545,Posted: 12 February,all,Easy Pupper,"I've finished Dishonored 2 with 100% (and all achievements).The first time I played this game, I wasn't quite sure what I was expecting. After playing Dishonored for 100+ hours it felt strange to go back into the world not knowing the layout of the levels, but after changing the controls to be as similar to Dishonored as possible, Dishonored 2 felt just like home. The graphics are of a much higher level, and are drop dead gorgeous - except when the engine struggles to keep the game above 60 fps.Other than the obvious performance issues on PC (which seem to get better with each patch) the game world is beautiful, the gameplay is so much fun, both Corvo and Emily are enjoyable. I played through the first time as Emily (with powers) and then did a run as Corvo in 'Flesh and Steel' mode. I also did another run as Corvo with powers to wrap up the rest of the achievements.Overall, I really enjoyed Dishonored 2 - the highlights being:The artThe worldThe storyThe gameplayWell worth the money."
,Recommended,403640,35186349,Posted: 24 September,all,Dead2TheWorld,"I recommend this game at full price, and have spent around 100+hours before I wrote this review.I am a big fan of the Dishonored series, having played the first game, comparisons between D1 & D2 will be present in this review. A big thanks to Arkane for developing my ultimate favorite game series.PROS:- Stunning graphics: from the environments to character designs - they perfectly set the atmosphere of Dishonored 2. Props to Cedric for returning to the franchise. I love his style!- Great optimization: I pre-ordered and played this during the release date last year, needless to say it was a really awful experience full of lag. One year later, it runs really smooth with no problem on my system. You can tell the team has worked hard on the patches.- Replayability: A trait inherited from it's predecessor. You can be stealthy, or not care. You can play with powers, or play powerless. You can play as either Corvo or Emily. Both have different powers. Once you unlock New Game+, you can build your 'custom' Dishonored character by importing either Corvo or Emily's powers.- No Single solution: there are multiple solutions to a problem. Try looking at another angle for a different solution.- Choices: Your actions and choices affect the ending. There is a good end and a bad end. Compared to D1, D2 presents more interesting solutions. Be prepared to question your moral compass since the solutions aren't always in black and white.MEH:- Music is pretty forgettable. The ending sequence in D1 is definitely better than in D2.- The story isn't as convincing as it's predecessor because technically, Emily wasn't 'Dishonored'. Although it did fill the void in my heart caused by the first game, D 2's plot just doesn't seem as interesting as D1.- Villains: the antagonists are defininitely better, and have more depth to them than in D1. But it just isn't enough to make the game 'amazing.' Don't get me wrong, Delilah is a great villain, just not to Corvo or Emily. Simply put, there really wasn't enough animosity between them. Delilah bore hatred against Jessamine, someone who was already dead in the series. Jindosh is also a personal favorite, but his character was never fully fleshed out in the game - which made me sad. Would have loved to see improved tallboy monstrosities. Arkance missed a chance to blend void magic with Jindosh's clockwork soldiers which would have been amazing.CONS:- The GUI is just terrible. It honestly doesn't feel like it was made by a professional. The menus and text (font style they used esp) just seem lacking to me."
76561198034175202,Not Recommended,403640,26520126,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,James.keasberry,"I've only played 2 hours or so and i absolutely love the gameplay(loved it in D1 as well)But this is a horrible pc port, even with a gtx 1060 6gb the framerate on high settings switches between 40s and low 60s, in indoor areas its a steady 60though.Please wait with buying this game until they fix this."
76561198010366879,Not Recommended,403640,26534376,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,halfbeard,game crashed on start up load. had too get refund very sad and disappointed.  have 1040 nvida card and have no problems with new titles. Very disappointed in the developers and the QA department. Cannot recommend this product at this time.
76561198130671904,Not Recommended,403640,26524232,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Axxident Prone,"horribly optimised and doesnt even work,as in it cant start ive spent money on literally nothing"
,Not Recommended,403640,26534416,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,VERY BERRY VARDAN,"bad pc port, all sorts of issues including low FPS and stutter, unless bethesda releases a patch soon its a refund for me"
76561198171866698,Not Recommended,403640,26550433,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Butcher Yan,The game optimization is a♥♥♥♥♥♥!!!!!!!    :-(
,Not Recommended,403640,26522679,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Okko,"Absolutely horrible performance, do not buy this game.Getting 30fps, 40fps tops with all settings as low as possible, GTX960"
,Not Recommended,403640,26539937,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Ajrinッ,"If we don't talk about the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ pc port I want to complain about something elseI've spent a bit more than 5 hours (in-game time) playing this game, having to go back several times because according to the game I killed someone even though I have no memory doing anything that could've killed someone.But I could live with it since I just had to replay like 10 min.BUT NOW I'VE LITERALLY NEVER EVEN KNOCKED ANYONE OUT AND THIS ♥♥♥♥♥♥ GAME IS TELLING ME I KILLED SOMEONE AND MY LAST SAVE THAT SAYS I HAVEN'T KILLED SOMEONE IS 5 HOURS AGOLITERALLY 5 HOURS WASTED ON NOTHING SINCE I WANTED TO START OFF WITH A NO KILL RUN AND THERE'S NO WAY TO RESTART A MISSION OR ANYTHING LIKE IT IF YOU DON'T HAVE A SAVE THEREDon't get this game until they add an option to restart missions DURING the mission, because restarting it after you've done it won't save your achievements as the game won't adapt to what you do the second time you play the mission, just the first one.So either add an option to restart the mission or an option to replay a mission and make the game adapt to that play through of it.This is just bad game design, if you want the players to be able to make a choice of not killing or killing make it so we know when we've done something contrary to what we are trying to doI'm honestly going to try and refund this game unless they fix this"
,Not Recommended,403640,26546277,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Khroobah,This is the worst powerpoint I've ever played.
76561197996101469,Not Recommended,403640,26522500,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,TrickHunter,"Love the game, as enjoyable as the first but very badly optimized with significant graphical glitches and bugs, had some pretty bad FPS drops and freeze frames. Hopefully Bethesda will patch the instability and FPS issues, cannot recommend at this time sadly."
,Not Recommended,403640,26524970,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,[NFG]Hoxton,Game runs like♥♥♥♥♥♥ as usual ports are garbage ♥♥♥♥ triple A titles.
76561198292198803,Not Recommended,403640,26526319,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,conan,"i want to love this game but its unplayable , 15fps with gtx 1070 oc and 6600k 4.2 skylake,, wtf !!!!! FIX IT"
76561197967556016,Not Recommended,403640,26522515,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Malarky,This game causes severe nausea.i7 6700kGTX 1070
76561198033376848,Not Recommended,403640,26524029,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,VEXX83,"paid 60€ and preorder...for what...crashing after ""arkane intro"" sometimes loadingscreen visible but than also crashes without info or warningdamn pc portWin8.1 x6416GB DDR3RAMAMD Phenom II X6 1090TnVidia GTX 98013.nov and nothing happend...the 4th day and i cant play...thats the reason whz many people step back and get cracked games...cause they wont pay for such unfinished pc ports18.novsince 3 days in contact with bethesda/Arkane supportno solution in sightevery hint from support was standard find in every forumalso deactivating system services, even antivirus and security features...problem stays the sameeven after updating driver and using beta patchVERY DISAPOINTING for a pre order... :-/20.Novrefunded the game...very disapointing!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
76561198134904752,Not Recommended,403640,26524257,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Contiello,"Keeping my play time under 2 hours and hopefully within 2 weeks this gets fixed or Arkane Studios aknowleges the need for a fix. The frame rate is not good. I'd consider refunding it and getting it on console, honestly. I get the same FPS on Ultra as on Low. GTX 970 with i7 6700k."
76561198010307201,Not Recommended,403640,26527202,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Rebel Poet,"The game itself looks great. I've played for around 5 hours taking the stealthy approach and carefully exploring every little nook and had a lot of fun. If you liked Dishonored you will surely love this sequel.Still, I cannot recommend it in it's current state. My machine should run this game with ease, yet like everyone else I'm faced with ridiculous FPS drops. This combined with the mouse sensitivity issue made me stop playing until they fix this.Wait a while before you buy this. The first level is small and you will think everything is fine, but once you reach larger area you will start to notice fps drops even with a fairly high end rig."
76561198088161479,Not Recommended,403640,26550423,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,SorcererZxase,"The game is completely unplayable, It crashes or freezes everytime before even reaching the main menu of the game."
,Not Recommended,403640,26524057,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Prince Sigvald The Magnificent,"i will keep this short... my specs: i7 6700k, GTX 1080 AMP Extreme SLI, 16 gb ddr4 2400the game itself is very good and has very good story and gameplay though...i maxed out all settings and fps is hovering from 30-120 even while looking at same scene fps is 70 but turn around and look again then fps drops to 50.. this game is very poorly optimized .. this game is so unoptimized that i went back to bf1.. no tiem to waste on an unoptimed game that cant run it max at 1080p on 1400$ GPU setup..♥♥♥♥♥it until its fixed which i highly doubt"
,Not Recommended,403640,26550486,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Kermit,"Im on about as low end as you can get running an i7-6500u with a Geforce 940mx.I tried running the game on very low, 640 x 400, with a resolution of 50 and got about 15-25 fps in the very start. I want to see how beautiful this game is, so this will make me buy an actual gaming rig. $60 = $660+ NICE"
,Not Recommended,403640,26523433,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,ImmortalCookie,"Even though the game is really good, it is really unoptimized. Can't even get 30-35 fps @1080p on GTX 970 4GB with 16 GB RAM. When I go to cities, the fps drops to around 15. Turning settings down to LOW doesn't help at all. -_-My advice to all you guys will be to wait. Don't buy it now. Wait for next 2-3 weeks to see how the game holds itself up.What am I gonna do ? well.. I'm gonna refund this game and instead buy it on PS4. Cause I really want to play this game but can't bear with this♥♥♥♥♥♥poor PC port..."
76561197969267280,Not Recommended,403640,26524216,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Digital Niq,"I know they'll patch the game so I'm not going to complain about performance yet...BUT I played for a little over an hour, and right now I'm really disappointed. The game opening sequence is incredibly weak. I mean it's literally a retread of the last game. It's almost comically unbelievable. If the rest of the plot is as bad as this, the whole thing is going to be a real disappointment."
76561198006738054,Not Recommended,403640,26524307,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Psycho Dad,"The ""game"" part is done properly, quite what i expected Dishonored 2 to be. Characters, level design, story...they are great, as far as i could see.The ""technical"" part is a trainwreck. Although the ""Very low"" preset looks significantly worse than ""Ultra"", there is only marginal framerate improvement or consistency. The game process always defaults to ""Low priority"", and even if you set it to ""High"", it jumps back to ""Low"" after the next loading screen. They even resorted to a shoddy bandaid framerate improvement method, AKA adaptive resolution. On PC... really...And after each game restart the adaptive resolution defaults to 75% no matter what, and you have to set it again to 100% to ensure your native resolution is kept. The antialiasing options are terrible, only two flavours of the ancient FXAA and one TXAA are available. TXAA in particular brings inconsistent framerate, and a particular blurry look.I tried various ""fixes"":  forced the tesselation to ""Off"" in GPU settings, forced the game process to  ""High"" with Lasso, set all the postprocessing to ""Off"", lowered game settings, updated GPU drivers,  and ... barely saw any improvement.Long story short :  when you have a 4670K, 24 GB RAM, R390 GPU with 8 GB GDDR, play in 1080p (an average resolution by today's PC gaming standards), set options to a mix of ""Medium"" and ""High"",  and see the framerate drop from 60 to 40 FPS in a small room with only a few pieces of furniture, you know something is wrong with the game.I hope they manage to fix these issues soon, or it's refund and move over for me. In its current state, i sadly cannot recommend this game. For my hard earned 60 euros, i received quite a big disappointment."
76561198219489453,Not Recommended,403640,26525926,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,jamie,"Even on the lowest settings, butchering every visual aspect and doing everything I can to increase FPS (all while playing on recommended specs) It's completely unplayable, the FPS is so low I can't enjoy the experience."
,Not Recommended,403640,26544808,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Boon,"Gameplay Review:The Good:- Not much has changed in terms of gameplay- Ending is influenced by the way you play- Finding and executing the non-lethal way to eliminate your target is fun- The mix of tools and magic makes for a fun experience.The Bad:- A good stealth / non-lethal run is all about planning. Too bad there is a complete lack of the aforementioned. Only through repetition you'll be able to finish levels in a 100% stealthy, non-lethal way.- The game does not differentiate between killing honest guards and killing corrupt guards, criminals or religious fanatics- terrible mouse movement ""smoothing""- dire performance drops in some areas even with hardware that's far above the recommended specs- Use of an outdated game engine- about 16hours per playthrough of a AAA game is a bit lackingTechnical Review:Last Update: (16 hours playtime)Finished the game on my setup with medium settings @ ~60fpsIt is unacceptable to release a game in such a state. While it was playable for me, a game like this should run MUCH better on a machine like mine. They say the next patch is supposed to fix this, but I somehow doubt it.First Update: (3 hours playtime)Have reached Addermire Institute and performance is going to♥♥♥♥♥♥ Framerates dropping from 60 down below 30fps. The game is literally unplayable at this state. Even with all settings reduced to High, Anti-Aliasing reduced to FXAA low, Godrays and Volumetric Lighting turned off.History:My playtime as of writing this 'review': 90 minutesI want to focus mainly on the reports of performance issues. Since this is all people have to complain about this game.I played through the introduction and finished the first mission. I am playing on 1080p with (default) Very High Details and the framerates never go below 80fps.With Riva Tuner I have limited my fps to 96tl;dr Game is running just fine on my setupi7 2600kGIGABYTE GTX 107016GB DDR3GeForce Driver Version 375.70"
76561198026211523,Not Recommended,403640,27082394,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Bolt VanderHuge,"I can't write a proper long winded review for this disaster of a release. If nearly all of your customers are experiencing the same frame rate issue and you can't get something fixed within 14 days, the game obviously needed more time in the oven. Yet Arkane has the gall to say ""While most of our players are enjoying the game, we are sorry to hear some of you are experiencing issues"". As for a handful of players boasting that your rig sucks if it isn't a GTX 1080, just ignore them, the problem does not lie with you. No game should have unstable FPS ranging from 15-35 on low/medium settings on pretty decent gaming rigs. If you shell out 60 bucks, the game better be optimized enough to run it well on medium settings.Dishonored 2 will get a fair review when the majority of players get fair playability."
76561197990461230,Not Recommended,403640,27751878,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,romo02323,"I prepurchased this game weeks ago, and when finally came out simply don't start. I have been disable firewall, antivirus and  all those programs that usualy makes an issue with certain games and still I haven't be able to play it. I'm really disapointed....anyone out there experienced  the same???...any advise?"
,Not Recommended,403640,27920540,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,The Bozz,"I'm trying to run this game on a laptop with two GeForce GTX 980M graphics cards. When used in SLI, their performance adds up to around the same as a single GTX 1070.Most AAA games will run extremely smoothly even at maximum settings in 1440p. For example, DOOM consistently runs at 120FPS, with occasional dips down to 80.This game struggles to reach 60FPS even at the absolute lowest quality settings, while using SLI. That is inexcusably bad optimization. Makes me wonder if all the devs and QA testers were using 1080 cards in SLI. How could no one notice?The worst part is, I tried so hard to get the game running smoothly that I passed the refund window. I'll give this game a proper review when Arkane fixes this hot steaming mess, but for now..."
,Not Recommended,403640,27278285,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Pepto¿,"Its a fun game, but its kinda short for its price, and the two story lines are identical besides a few minor differences in voice lines. The end is EXTREMELY anti-climatic and feels abrupt. Each mission feels like there is little to no continuity.Running the game at 1050p (instead of 1080p) fixed the frame rate issues most people encountered (for me at least)I think the game is worth only $40 at best, wait for a sale."
76561198121507426,Not Recommended,403640,27720977,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,StarMan,"Game runs poorly on gtx 1070, gameplay while there is nothing insulting about seems kind of plain, and it comes from someone who hugely enjoyed the previous game, I can put my finger on why that is but it seems that the level design is off, the art is still here and is still great."
76561198030638755,Not Recommended,403640,27262766,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Giggles,Fix your damn game
,Not Recommended,403640,28110411,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Foggzie,Very poor experience due to severe performance issues.  I've got a solid PC build and this game runs awfully compared to any othe higher fidelity title.  I had yet to encouter a game that doesn't run at a consitent 60fps but terrible optimization and frequent crashes have kept me from wanting to progress any further and I can't recommned the PC version of this game to anyone... I've seen it run nicely on consoles but I feel like I was cheated out of my $ with what feels like a second-thought PC port.
76561198074260006,Not Recommended,403640,27807778,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Legacy,cant even run the game so be careful
,Recommended,403640,34988441,Posted: 15 September,all,Kaisiru,This game is simply a 10/10.It is hard to believe the first Dishonored could be surpassed but this game impressed me so much that it's hard to imagine a better sequel.
,Recommended,403640,35032882,Posted: 17 September,all,Guy Fieri #guyfieritoglobal,lit
,Recommended,403640,26520333,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,🌸🍁紅葉🍁🌸,Game of The Year 2016
76561198014157371,Recommended,403640,34607384,Posted: 30 August,all,aykeem,"This game is simply incredible. It's everything Dishonored was, with a more realistic graphics/art style, bigger levels, more freedom, more non-lethal options (including combat takedowns and drop knockdowns as an alternative to drop assasinations), even smoother and more violent combat, more complex and varied power system, etc.It feels that they experimented with some ideas in the Daud DLCs for Dishonored (think about the expansive final levels of each DLC), then took the things that worked there and just went crazy. Some of the setpieces at the start are incredible, the open spaces are bigger, more populated, with a lot more verticality and hidden spots for hiding or looting. Imagine Dunwall, with buildings twice as tall, streets twice as wide and twice the options to get from one place to the other. If in Dishonored you pretty much had 3 ""layers"" to most open spaces (one sewer level, one street level, one air conditioning/balconies/rooftops level), in Dishonored 2 there tends to be an expansion of the vertical play to split rooftops, balconies and air conditioning vents into separate layers. The level design so far blew me away, it's a lot more intricate, less predictable and with far fewer safe spots - guards are crawling everywhere, even on the vertical levels of the map, where you would usually feel safe in Dishonored.And when you get from the open spaces of Karnaka's streets to the various buildings where your assassination targets are, the level design is even more impressive. I personally found 3 of the levels in the game to be amazing and unlike anything I've ever seen in a FPS. I don't want to spoil anything and actually I advise you to stop reading about the game and just go play it, the effect is even more powerful when you don't know what to expect.There are some bugs, glitches and optimization issues (there are still wild FPS drops in the more demanding areas of the game), but I didn't find anything really annoying so far. Sometimes the way the guards detect you or fallen bodies is not very consistent - they might notice things out the corner of their eye, or they might fail to get alerted by a body on the ground, because there's a piece of geometry in front of it, even if it's not completely covering the body. Combat *feels* a bit easier, but I can't quite put my finger on why that is (I think blocking is more effective and easier to pull off?maybe?). It might be because the game is also built with the ""no powers"" playthroughs in mind. But playing on higher difficulties fixes everything and keeps the game challenging, since there are a lot of guards and two-three sword strikes will kill you.Corvo has a voice now, which you might or might not appreciate, depending on how much you are attached to the idea of a non-speaking main character. I personally find it interesting and it gives me some strong Thief: The Dark Project flashbacks whenever Corvo comments on the various things that you witness in the game.The story is, again, not incredibly inventive, but just like in Dishonored 1, it starts off slow and then adds a lot of lore and detail through books/notes/journal entries, that you start feeling very immersed in the universe.All in all the graphics, level design and gameplay simply blew me away. Playing on a higher difficulty level with objective markers off and having to explore each one of the huge levels is an incredible experience."
,Recommended,403640,35037259,Posted: 17 September,all,A Half Sane Sentient Spooksmith,Clock work soldiers scare the ♥♥♥♥ outa me
76561197980539639,Recommended,403640,35072275,Posted: 19 September,all,Aldrikh,"Absolutely great game. Perfect level design, perfect artistic direction, very tight gameplay, and great lore.  If you like infiltration, exploration, and an original setting, go for itFramerate is a little bit worse than Dishonored 1, but that doesn't prevent from enjoying the game"
76561198045826063,Recommended,403640,34514524,Posted: 26 August,all,Pax,"You expand with new powers using emily, or play with old ones using corvo, you unwraval a tale that builds on the last game.Dishonored 2 utilizes stealth mechanics much better, or go in guns blazing for old times sake. With new enemies such as clockwork robots, as well as mechanical houses, or bloodbugs, the plague still haunts around every corner.Pax: See more then just the kingdom, explore both new and old locations (more new then old) and reatake what is yours as either Corvo or Emily.Fluid parcour, meets supernatural powers with an assassins viewpoint on a crumbling city.8/10"
,Recommended,403640,35379378,Posted: 1 October,all,Tanerius,Enjoyed playing this game very much. Stealth mode from start to finish.  Everything about it except for creating runes is done very nicely.
76561198049213144,Recommended,403640,35313443,Posted: 29 September,all,SHTONADO,"AMAZING GAME..TRUST ME. Played a few times through to get the different endings/use corvo vs emily/good vs bad worlds, both playthroughs interesting the whole way through. Solid story."
,Recommended,403640,32749056,Posted: 24 June,all,TeeBee,"I see a lot of bad reviews complaining about performance but this game runs great for me. I get a consistent 59FPS on maxed out settings.I'm running an RX480, I5 3570K and 16GB, I've had one crash, which I don't usually experience but it's not a big deal considering it's once in 10 hours."
76561198342739074,Recommended,403640,32780306,Posted: 25 June,all,FindingDory,Incredible game that i could not stop playing. I love titles like wolfenstein and dishonored highly reccomend
76561198349607672,Recommended,403640,34955280,Posted: 14 September,all,assasain1576,good games
76561198000314297,Recommended,403640,34954335,Posted: 14 September,all,WORLD LEADER,"I got all my love for this Franchise.10/10Stroyline on point and truly amazingGraphics are amazingMechanics didn't bother me in any waysYou got so many different ways to play this game, completed it 3 times.."
76561198169053573,Recommended,403640,34953871,Posted: 14 September,all,Kawaiirebu,"Following on from Dishonored, this is an amazing sequel with the chance to play as the familiar Corvo, or try out a new way of playing as Emily. The story is rich as always, and I loved every minute of it."
76561198090692884,Recommended,403640,34315226,Posted: 17 August,all,Kon,"Thrilling, adrenline-inducing and so much fun. There is so much Dishonored 2 has to offer such as infinite playstyle possibilities, player-influened narrative, and the most satisfying combat engagements period. Playstyles are mainly broken into low or high chaos/violence, but it is much more. Innocents can be saved from aggresive NPC's or ignored; intense  head-on-head battles between many enemies can emerge or a chain of silent, undetected assassinations; or one could choose to do almost no fighting at all and watch the story unfold. Beyond the main story lie side goals for power-ups and treasures that all help to make or break the player when dealing with others. The story is intriguing and immersive, but at the same time not overbearing. There are bits of information of various formats to be found throughout should one want to learn more of the mysteries and details that gradually contribute to very compelling, real-sounding tale. Combat is the best period. Not only are there are numerous weapons and abilites to unlock, but the synergy between them creates a strageic aspect encourages experimentation  for some killer♥♥♥♥♥combinations. Combat is focal to appeal as well asappeal the artwork and level design that are aethetically superior to most. Voice acting is superb, and what else could and should be said is actually a lot, so go watch a video playthrough where more contributions to the beauty of Dishonored 2 are revealed and speak for themselves quite elegantly."
76561198323264816,Recommended,403640,28743102,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Alfred DingleBottom,"This game is, in my opinion, amazing. It continues the story from the first game very well and branches out the power and skill system quite a bit from the first game. The levels are well made as well as the characters and I can't help but think ""wow"" during certain parts of the game. The technical issues when the game was released have been fixed and it plays perfectly fine on my average pc. It does crash every now and then but what game doesn't? Overall I highly recommend getting this game, especially if you have played Dishonored and want the same thing but more branched out."
76561198077485290,Recommended,403640,28742726,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,HxBi,"The game is now fixed, and it is the best game I played this year."
,Recommended,403640,28741408,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,DemonDance,Epic game
76561198062648231,Recommended,403640,29486023,Posted: 25 January,all,gigno1485,"It seems that most of the negative reviews deal with technical issues, but I haven't run into any yet. I reckon that might have something to do with the latest patch, but the game has been nothing but smooth for me. It feels just like the first game, so if you enjoyed Dishonored, you'll enjoy it's sequel."
76561198090876649,Recommended,403640,32160151,Posted: 3 June,all,Hαωк,Just as fun as the first but better graphics <3
,Recommended,403640,32168247,Posted: 3 June,all,||BIA|| FitzChivalry,"I would absolutely recommend you get this game. If you are unfamiliar with the franchise I suggest you start with the first one (which is also absolutely fabulous). Anyway, this game scores full points on all fronts. It has an excellent story (again you need to play the first one with all the DLC) which is set in a highly detailed and fascinating world. The aesthetic of the world is an amazing blend of City 17 futuristic and the Victorian era, and the history and corresponding magic system of the world is truly a thing of beauty.The game itself can be played as straight combat, full stealth or any combination of the two. The combat is simple but the deadliness begets the need for strategy, and is goreishily satisfying. The stealth has an aspect of quiet satisfaction to it, and both combat and stealth are made all the more fun by the range of supernatural abilities which you gain through your quest.All in all this is absolutely one of the best games around, so buy it already."
76561198067393242,Recommended,403640,32185574,Posted: 4 June,all,karmastorm69,Such a good game just like the first one. I love feeling like a super hero and the story and character development is great. Highly recommend!
,Recommended,403640,28741303,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,The Metal Warlord,"Fantabulous level design. Updated abilites, generally an enjoyable sequal.That being said, there are significant tech issues with it. Honestly, this should not have been a flagship game for a new engine. The skyboxes were MASSIVE compared to the actual playable levels, and a lot of the environmental models did not have to be so detailed. (The Karnaca docks and the Dust District come immediately to mind here.)Otherwise, fantastic story, wonderful characters and diverse NPCs."
76561198032079893,Recommended,403640,29484861,Posted: 25 January,all,gregbernhardt,Since the last update I've had one crash. FPS is just fine even on an older GTX 970M. Game is very similair to original which is just fine since I really enjoyed it. Go hard diff as normal is too easy.
76561198080343387,Recommended,403640,35472860,Posted: 4 October,all,Gwynbleidd,"An amazing continuation to an already amazing game.  It is one of the best games of its year and perhaps of the last few years too.  Definitely play but definitely play after completing the first game! Otherwise, you will miss so much of the incredible atmosphere.  Not to mention you will miss parts of the story.  Also, you will be presented to great spoilers so if you don't play the first game before this one, it will be almost pointless the play it afterwards."
,Recommended,403640,28903394,Posted: 1 January,all,Captain-Fish,"Personally I'm enjoying Dishonered 2 a lot. I heard that there was a lot of problems with the game when it was first released buuuut I haven't seem to run into any of these problems myself.In Dishonered 2 around the beginning you have the choice between playing the legend Corvo or Emily. Both have different powers. As a person who tries the new things I played as Emily which has a choice between using powers or not. I chose to have the powers ( which unfortunately led to my many deaths of falling off high ledges because i thought it acted like corvos blink....so many deaths) Other than the countless amounts of times i broke my legs and got swarmed by bloodflies it was a great time and I look forward to repeating the same process with Corvo next playthrough.The key to winning dishonered is to spam F5 (quick save) as mush as possible. Break the keyboard if you have to (it will break either way through spamming f5 or through pure rage because you got detected by a stupid plant and had to reload for the 20th time in a row because you're trying to remain undetected the whole game).Dishonered 2 has more features and more replayability than the original dishonered. Bloodflies are the new rats, different detection system, 2 main characters, every kill feels powerful, every checkpoint achieved by full stealth and nonlethal actions feels rewarding. interesting intro, scary machines, cool combat, variety in approaches. SERIOUSLY what can you not like about this game?? Besides breaking your legs and dying constatly because you can't seem to figure our Emily's grapple.Great game. Would definitely break my legs again...i mean recommend this game to all my friends (I want to see them fail)."
,Recommended,403640,28615709,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,"För Knugen, I Tiden",awesome since the patch
,Recommended,403640,28900557,Posted: 1 January,all,Thadrei,"When I got dishonored 2 I knew exactly what I was going to get from it. I knew how corvo saved Emily in the first game and how the entire story was most likely going to play out in the second. I was going to play the first mission of dishonored 2 and then move onto writing part of my review for this game but little did I know that it had been 10pm at night and I had no need to review something at that time. Then 30 hours later my second play through is done and I haveplayed both characters and loved the story both times I played as of how its pleasant surprises and choices that you make matter to the outcome of not only the ending but the whole next mission can play fascinated me as it was the exact same game dishonored 1 was only made better with more storyline new characters which made it one of my greatest moments of artistry in gaming that really shine. I love dishonored 2 and will continue to play it along side the first of its series, embracing the unique and vast world of the Isles and its peculiar cast of characters in the games. But dishonored 2 builds off of and improves on both story and gameplay that dishonored 1 had presented us with. Which is why I can comfortable place a good review for a game that was so much money to buy but it was all worth it to me. :)"
76561198060278637,Recommended,403640,28901583,Posted: 1 January,all,Rumpelforeskin,"TLDR:Unique level design that sometimes strays from the original's  to varying effects but overall the levels were well done and fit the story. Tight, improved combat with the new powers, weapons, and non-lethal weapons. The Heart had great voice-acting as always but other characters not so much. Enemy detection was strange (at least on hard). I had some stutters but you should buy the game and try it at least, just refund if it's not working for you.Level design: Some of the levels strayed from the typical Dishonored levels (i.e small zone with many buildings to explore before moving to the next one) to differing effects. One of the earliest levels is primarily set on a small island where you explorea research facilitywhich felt dragged out. Due to the enclosed nature of the area as well as some parts locked away due to story reasons, the level didn't feel as open to exploration as other levels. Other levels however, had some of the best design I've seen in a long time. A particular example being ""A Crack In The Slab""which uses time travel to great effect. Minor and drastic changes occur to the present due to the actions of the protagonist which drives home the theme of the story being that your actions have consequences. ""The Clockwork Mansion"" had a unique level design in a different way, its use ofmoving roomsleant itself to a constantly changing level that I haven't seen in any AAA games.Gameplay: Arkane doubles down on their implementation of powers that are fun to use. Emily's powers were fairly interesting with the key exception being Mesmerize which is a fairly simple power that does not lend itself to much creativity, even with the upgrades which are just numerical changes. Corvo's powers are just as fun as the last game and just like the last game, Wind Blast is a boring power.New types of bolts and the stun mine allows for more fun for non-lethal plays. Unlike the last game, non-lethal was almost as reliable as lethal. The creation of air-assassination (non-lethal style) and non-lethal takedowns during combat that does not involve sleep darts allows for a player for enjoy the brutal violence while still getting the good ending. Lethal however, is still , superior for combat by design. Players will still have it easier during combat and assassinations when using lethal due to faster animations.Voice acting: The main characters' voice acting, the Heart's, and Delilah had phenomenal voice acting. The voices all fit the characters with lines that change to fit different playstyles. Playing low chaos will create a more merciful, empathethic main character while high chaos will create a vengeful, violent character. The Heart's voice is enchanting as always with its ghostly whispers. Delilah's voice fit with her character from moments of anger to her talking to her followers. Other characters however, often had, while not terrible, not great voice acting. It would not detract much from the game and is barely noticable but it is there.Enemy detection: This one deserves its own category. I played on hard mode so I expected rather unforgiving detection but it was strange. There were a few times where I was right next to the enemy at 10 O'clock (12 O'clock is straight ahead) but they did not detect me. Another time, I was hidden behind an object and was not detected yet in the next playthrough, in the same position, the I was detected. Most of the time however, the detection was fine.Performance problems: Everyone already knows about these so I won't go into much detail. I had occasional stutters and black screens after loading but after a few seconds they went away. It might not be the same for yours but that's why Valve allowed for refunds before 2hrs."
,Recommended,403640,28757824,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,MysticScribe,The Dishonored series has quickly become one of my new all time favorites. The second one I found a little more challenging than the first but mostly because I couldn't find as much gold and so had fewer resources. I think this was more enjoyable in the long run because it made me think more carefully about what I was going to do especially since I wanted to get through without killing anyone. I couldn't just go in shooting everyone with sleep darts like I had the previous game.I've only played as Emily so far but I really like her story. There was a lot more growth and development for her than there was for Corvo in the first game which is expected but still greatly enjoyed.
,Recommended,403640,28902834,Posted: 1 January,all,Clem Fandango,"A worthy successor to the original, looks and plays beautifully with the large multi-path levels being a joy to explore - which you'll likely only scratch the surface of on your first play though!!Already looking forward to a second more stealthy play through having completed it yesterday, there are large swathes of the game that I'd not explored, routes not taken, side quests ignored etc - its looking very strong for replayability which is super surprising for a first person game."
,Recommended,403640,28635421,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Saiyajin,"apa lo liat-liat , game bagus beli udah !"
76561198070799545,Recommended,403640,28651912,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Fair Enough,"Dishonored 2 offers a great experience where there are various ways to approach each encounter. The game offers various challenges, action, moral decisions, and is set in an amazing and interactive world. Despite the recent performance problems, this game is definitely worth it. Don't be swayed by all the negative reviews that comment on the performance issues, just tweak the graphics until the game runs smoothly."
76561198042145099,Recommended,403640,33037150,Posted: 30 June,all,TheSaltman¯\_(ツ)_/¯,"The exceptional level design, art direction and freedom are enough to ignore the rather poor optimazation and forgettable story."
76561198107017326,Recommended,403640,33235283,Posted: 4 July,all,silver geiming gaming,good game
,Recommended,403640,33022510,Posted: 29 June,all,MightyBeast43,"This game is absolutely fantastic. The graphics are one of the best I've seen. The storyline is fun, the combat is fun, and it's all wrapped into one fantastic game. I for sure recommend this, especially for the Steam Summer Sale!"
,Recommended,403640,32746735,Posted: 24 June,all,lart,"This game offers quite a bit of content.Two characters with different abilities that can be customized to support your play style.Play however you like, stealthy, aggressive or a mixture of it.Multiple ways to approach or maybe avoid situations.Bethesda struck a nice balance between the action and storytellingOverall high production value. I like the voice acting, animations, lore delivered by letters, books and audio and attention to detail.(New game+ plus multiple difficulty levels with an additional ingame option to make the game even harder)Considering the complaints, most of them deal with technical issues.I have yet to encounter any issues and the game runs more than fine for me.If unsure whether to buy, 2 hours to check out whether this games is working or refund is always an option."
76561198086789070,Recommended,403640,29677670,Posted: 3 February,all,Pam,Emily was hotter in the first game but still 9/10.
76561198084425999,Recommended,403640,32204330,Posted: 5 June,all,abellyons,"Very good game would recomend.Halfway through my seccond playthough now and im still enjoying it especially because when you start ""newgame plus"" you get to use both sets of powers.Wait until it's on sale though."
76561198024599399,Recommended,403640,32206876,Posted: 5 June,all,Baron,"Easily one of the most well designed and unique worlds I have seen in any game, ever. Map design follows a linear story like the previous games, setting you inside a city district or fortress with a key goal. There are many different ways to reach and complete your objectives, and no shortage of side quests you can discover if you explore.Combat can be tailored to many different playstyles, with focous on being a classic shooter, a melee masterpiece, or a stealth action game, all with lethal or nonlethal options as your actions do affect the world and story. Every single one of these playstyles is done very well, and the addition of some magic, is loads of fun.One thing I didn't know that I really like is after you complete the story, you can start a new game with access to spells from both characters. Because of this, and the difference in story progression and playstyles, the replay value on Dishonored 2 is quite high.Ultimately it keeps the best things about Dishonored 1, and does a good job improving upon it. Highly recommended, and  worth every penny. My only gripe is that I wish there were more DLCs because I want to keep playing it."
,Not Recommended,403640,29734267,Posted: 5 February,all,Animal Petter,This game is NOT whats up...
,Recommended,403640,28699501,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Asymmetry,"I've been playing this game a little bit (2 hours) I find it very interesting and hooking from the very beginning. Being a fan from the first game, helps a lot when starting the game. I love how it just spits you in the choices from the very start, loves when a game pushes you to make choices from the very beginning. Now, From the time i've been playing, i find story and the start very interesting, but there is some issuses with the framerate, i can't really tell fully, but it feels like my computer is kind of working it's way through the frames, pushing it to the limits.This is litterally the only problem with the game though, i think it's very very interesting so far, and will keep playing.Now, it's really up to you if you wanna buy the game or not, gameplay wise, it's a 9/10 for me optimazation wise, it's 6/10 from me. Do what you think is right.Core i5 4690kGTX 9708gb DDR3"
,Not Recommended,403640,29674934,Posted: 3 February,all,asorrycanadian,"Still runs quite poorly, would refund if that was an option available to me.Unplayable. FX 6300, GTX 1060, HDD. Mid spec system that should run through ANYTHING on LOW, still dropping below 30.It's been two months, get your♥♥♥♥♥♥together?"
,Recommended,403640,29183250,Posted: 11 January,all,Monky,"Great game, absolutely recommended.Performance: Bought this after the patches and it runs just fine. Very high settings (adaptive resolution stuff turned off) on a 6600K/16GB/GTX970 nets you 55-60 fps 95%+ of the game. The last map or parts of the Stilton mansion can be a bit more demanding, but nothing alarming (just not butter smooth).Bugs: Well.....they are there, but nothing game-breaking. Had aggro from civilians a few times, there is one Arc Pylon that can't be turned off, but if you save regularly (I recommend an easily accessible hotkey remap for the quicksave) it's not a problem.Overall I had TONS of fun,and after 50+ hours I'm only at the end of my 1st completion, with at least one (but more likely two) in the queue."
76561198205162268,Recommended,403640,30060580,Posted: 20 February,all,Blue,Played 12 hours and had no problem. That's great!!
,Recommended,403640,32188198,Posted: 4 June,all,Purple Orange A,"Single playthrough as Emily, running Shadow and Clean Hands:Essentially the same beloved gameplay as Dishonored 1, but Emily's skills make the stealth plays more dynamic. The combat/stealth balance is great and you will feel rewarded however you play it.The level design is awesome - even better than the first one! There are a couple of missions so beautifully designed (and so hard lol) that just blew my mindand then there's one where I solved a puzzle and it's done...????Surprisingly short game and lackluster plot... Hardly any plot twist. Loved the books/NPCs though - you could use the heart to listen to NPCs secrets which really adds perspectives.Optimization seems to be a major issue for many but it ran fine on mine (GTX 1060). Not as buggy as many seem to suggest. Now that it offers free demo it's better to try it first (and make sure you play till you are outside) before making purchase."
,Recommended,403640,32227903,Posted: 6 June,all,Uncle,"A worthy sequel to the first Dishonored game. It builds upon most of what made the original great and improves upon it so much. A lot of the newly added features and abilities are an absolute godsend for people who want more varied gameplay. The first game had better characters, plot, and music but apart from that Dishonored 2 is still far better. The level design and combat are top-notch, and the refined stealth elements are great. Replayablity is really good too, with a New Game+ option that lets you keep all your powers from your previous save, and a custom difficulty option to tailor your experience. I adore this game and its nut-inducing world."
,Recommended,403640,29414734,Posted: 21 January,all,The Donk,"Should you buy this game, and then, within 2 hrs of playtime, get a refund if it runs poorly?Never doubt itDoes Dishonored 2 have a weak story, flat characters, and bugs?Indeed, I believe soIs Dishonored 2 still worth playing if you're a fan of Dishonored's creative sandbox of stealth and action?Yes of courseAm I going to play Dishonored 2 for 100+ hours memorizing the levels and experimenting with powers?Chances are very good"
,Not Recommended,403640,31075488,Posted: 11 April,all,Taureor,"Unfortunately I had to refund this. There were a few reasons for this:Story - the story is generic and bland, at least for the first hour that I played. It mostly ""This thing happened. For some reason. Everyone just went along.""mild spoilers for the first hour below:Emily is the Empress, she gets overthrown by an aount that just appears out of nowhere, waltzes into the palace and pretty much goes ""I'm queen now! Get them!"". Let's pull back a bit and look at the setting. Emily is a supposedly intelligent young empress with special powers and training and a legendary bodyguard-assassin-spy-father at her side. Are we to believe this empire has no intelligence organization? No spies or counter-espionage? That a corrupt idiot captain of a guard can conspire with others and corrupt a lot of random guards wit the aforementioned legendary spy-assassin-bodyguard not catching at least a whiff of this? This is why in Dishonored 1 everything was prepared when he was away. I understand suspension of disbelief, but this is lazy writing for such a big release.Graphics - the game looks nice, but is horribly optimized. Even powerful machines can't run it smoothly. Dishonored 1 looked better because it didn't stutter or blur stuff for no reason. The graphic settings menu gives you a lot of customization options, but they dont help much. Some motion blur is present even when disabled and sprinting makes a horrible FOV space-alongating effect that can't be disabled even though it can cause moion sickness.Tryhard - in general the story seems uninspired and rushed, at least at the beginning, there is pointless stuff-gathering (bonecharms), graphics are very frustrating, but the worst fault of the game is that it tries very very hard to be Dishonored 1. You can't repeat the same story and keep it engaging.They could have made it so much better in such an easy way, just a few minor tweaks, for example just send Corvo on an away mission to investigate a rumor/report about Delilah resurfacing somewhere so you can have him need to skulk around a city (because he's a lord back home so skulking wouldn't work sotry-wise) while emily remains home and stays the empress, but at night anonymously tries to solve a mystery of the murders or a brewing plot or whatever by roof-jumping and stuff that she, according to Corvo, does at night anyway. Add to that alternating gameplay (chapter as Corvo, then chapter as Emily), and voila, you've got a much better game. Throw in some optimization too.Dishonored 2 is not a bad game, it's just mediocre. I guess at about 5-10$ I might buy it again in the future, but not for the full price or even 50%.All in all if you're really hungry for more Dishonored, you will probably enjoy this, but you will not enjoy it as much as the original and the graphics are bloody frustrating."
76561198048684329,Recommended,403640,28988717,Posted: 3 January,all,Dimension Theorist,"So are all the Overseers cosplaying Roman Sionis now, or what?Anyway, excellent game. Loved it."
,Not Recommended,403640,29384568,Posted: 20 January,all,Luba_Do,Wonderful how a $60 game from Bethesda crashes every 2 minutes for me months after the release. The game is unplayable and I'm so incredibly frustrated that they STILL have not fixed performance issues. Sad thing is I'm a huge Dishonored fan and what I've played so far of Dishonored 2 is pretty great. Lag and crashing however has completely ruined the game for me. I'm upset I spent so much money on a game that performs as well as a free alpha game on Steam.
76561198271838535,Recommended,403640,30982415,Posted: 6 April,all,Socially Awkward,Guards can't see you if they're dead
76561198023926604,Recommended,403640,31346740,Posted: 24 April,all,MakeYing,"Note: I got this game months after it came out and had patches and ran it at around 55ish FPS at moderate or so settings, 1600x900p resolution.As someone who loves stealth game, and enjoyed Dishonored despite some occasional clunkiness, this was a great followup. The plot is very solid- not perfect but fleshed out as much as it needs to be.The ability to play as either Corvo or Emily, a decision you make before Mission 1 and lasts with you for the entire run of the game, affords different skills unlockable for each character, supporting different playstyles. Emily has abilities more conducive to a non-lethal &/or low-chaos run, while Corvo has more stabby-stabby, alarms-going-off, crossing-swords style.Audio is pretty fine; voice-acting is non-cheesy most of the time and the graphics are really great if you've got the components to back them up.Gameplay is enjoyable and combat is FAR less clunky than before. The new powers feel generally pretty sleek, strategically-open and flatout fun. The amount of routes and options available to handle different scenarios of travel, managing enemies present, and dealing with your final targets generally make you feel like you have a lot of choice, and I rarely if ever felt limited in my autonomy over any given situation.The different playstyles (and the additional challenge of doing a no-powers run) add to replay value and, while it didn't exist until a patch added it in, I started playing post-patch and could enjoy New Game Plus, which is a feature that allowed for a ton of replay value for me personally. After beating the game and having a game-beaten save, you can use the NG+ setup to start over, select either Corvo or Emily, and now you have all the abilities of both characters available for unlocking, so your playstyle is unrestricted by character choice and is more broad/flexible by having the full-range of abilities at your disposal. You also start off with all of the runes you've spent on powers in the prior playthrough and are free to continually accumulate more through plays, meaning you could theoretically eventually start a run with all of Emily & Corvo's powers together. You also retain knowledge of any disenchanted / dissolved bonecharm you destroyed to learn the power of for later crafting. NG+ seriously amps the replay value here."
,Recommended,403640,31081200,Posted: 11 April,all,Finnstream,The good:+ Atmosphere+ Diverse set of abilities+ Replayability+ Much improved AI+ Achievements+ Beautiful art direction+ Your actions affect future eventsThe bad:- Too short :(- Performance on pc- Ending was kinda dumbRuns like♥♥♥♥♥♥?The performance on pc isn't the best for sure but it isn't that bad either. I've got gtx970 and a lazy i5 and I'm getting quite stedy 60fps on medium settings. If enyone's conserned about the game running on their hardware I recommend downloading the demo which is about 1/3 of the game's leght.Verdict:The ending has never been the goal of dishonored and Dishonored 2 makes no exception. It's the journey that matters and you as a player have the full control on how things are going to happen. Atlast for me Dishonored is a Stealth game but it doesn't have to be that way.The game improves on the original in many ways and is overall much more enjoyable experience. For me Dishonored 2 was a game of the year and I'd rate it 10/10.
76561198207122275,Recommended,403640,31091056,Posted: 11 April,all,喵帕斯,A game worth playing twice or more.
76561198213902579,Recommended,403640,33160668,Posted: 2 July,all,not John,The abilities/magic system is easily one of the best in gaming history.Almost limitless ways to approach an objective.Fantastic level design.
76561198026893193,Recommended,403640,31058460,Posted: 10 April,all,BitCeLot,"i'll try to keep it short :PThis game without the problems/bugs it has, it could be a masterpiece  BUT it has frame rate drops at least in the first 4 maps (regardless of ur video settings, from very smooth gameplay you go to around 24 fps) then everything seems ok until it started crushing randomly (in the manor map).:PEDIT: (I think that the problem was from chrome on my second monitor with alot of tabs on it and when i moved it on the same monitor as the game it stoped crushing. I'm not sure if it was just luck but  it stopped crushing).p.s. (i have fresh new win.10 copy installed with a 1070gtx and a ryzen 8 core with 32gb ram). It doesn't matter what settings you have, the framerate will drop regardless,  that's the crazy part, i didn't try to put everything on low but at least ultra settings in comparison to medium settings have no difference on how much the frames will drop, oh btw when you lower the settings it seems that everything is much smoother but after 2-3 minutes of gameplay framerate starts to drop again in certain places only as before.)"
76561197992949770,Not Recommended,403640,28943222,Posted: 2 January,all,Juts,"The game seems fun, but I cant recommend it on PC. Even with a 980ti and 6700k it runs awfully with a lot of settings turned down. The moment you get outside or have any kind of lightrays it tanks."
,Recommended,403640,29210097,Posted: 12 January,all,QoMSoL,"Fine for Emily and somehow broken for Corvo, game drops to desktop on the road to Addermire. It's a bit disappointing.But I did complete the game fully playing as Emily and it was perfect.Rig:CPU - Core I7 2600K16 GB ramMSI GTX 980TiSmooth 60fps @ 1080p. Top graphic settings.A fine game overall but clearly needs some more work on those bugz."
,Recommended,403640,31593597,Posted: 6 May,all,Kalamir,"Terrific game, builds on the first one in every way. I believe many of the original negative reviews centered around performance issues rather than gameplay. I never had any issues but there's a trial you can download to make sure it runs smooth before you buy. Loved this game, can't recommend it enough."
,Not Recommended,403640,29513205,Posted: 26 January,all,Waffle's,"im sorry but the story, and the complete feel of this game is NUTHING compared to the first. when i got at the end here i where so dissapointed im not even gonna bother rant on. waste of money. for fans of the series get it when its dirtcheap in 2 years."
,Recommended,403640,29746906,Posted: 6 February,all,Obi,"One of the best games i have ever played .i will try to write a full review of this game !GraphicGraphic is good i will give it like (9/10) imy setting is ultra at 1440p so it was really nice lookingPreformance is good i had like 90-120fps @ 1440p (on my gtx 1080)Storyi really likedthe story really nice and smooth and it give u alot of choices and story change depend on your choice many side ways to walk to story .it was so much fun and i give it (10/10)GameplayBEST, i really loved it -it was like a puzzel u have to solve each game to finish it u can play same missing with 10 or 15 other way , u can stay undercover all game or u can go crazy and start killing everybody or u can put them to sleep (10/10) ."
,Recommended,403640,33602282,Posted: 17 July,all,matt,"really fun game, definitely worth playing. not sure why everyone's complaining about performance issues, i run the game on medium-high and get 60-100 fps in most parts of the game with a few dips in highly concentrated areas with an i7 6700 and a 980."
76561198073136375,Recommended,403640,33210584,Posted: 3 July,all,nutz4pugz,If you liked the first game you will greatly enjoy this gameThey pretty much improved everything although I dont like how the only way to buy stuff is from shops around the map. I much rather buy everything i need back at the ship. It was a bit quick but thats how it is with dishonored. I dont like how they took the daud dlc from the first game by adding witches as the official end game enemies.Get it on sale because the game is a bit short for the priceI also dont see myself playing the same missions over and over like i did in the first game with over 100 hours
,Recommended,403640,33725284,Posted: 22 July,all,Ravenol,"Great Graphics, nice game, i love FPS Gaming"
,Recommended,403640,29383447,Posted: 20 January,all,Yureina,"Yarr...For some reason I didn't review this when I first played it, but I guess I have to now after my murderous second playthrough. Why didn't I review this when it came out? Because I already reviewed Dishonored 1 years ago. This game is essentially the same, but with new toys, a new character to pick, and a fancy story to go with it. Different enough, but close enough to the original that talking about all the stuff you can do in the game feels kind of redundant. So I'm not going to. :PI only remembered this when I peeked at other people's reviews before writing this, but this game apparently had some technical problems when it launched. I say apparently because I played this game at launch and had no problems whatsoever despite having all of my graphics settings set to ultra. So be forewarned that you might have bugs with this game, but you might have no problems either.And since those tech problems are the main thing that people hold against this game, and I didn't have those problems... that's really just another way of me saying this game is yums and you should check it out. As always with sequels, you will get more out of it if you play the first game (and it's DLC's). But even without having played the first game, you probably can enjoy this. Revenge stories are always fun. :DWoohoo violence!"
76561198044575610,Recommended,403640,32898151,Posted: 27 June,all,Uknrdths?!,"Some people complain that the performance is bad on PC, but I haven't experienced any problems so far.  Running Intel CPU with GTX 1080 on Ultra with not even a slight delay.Possibly there's only a problem if people try to run it on Ultra at 4k resolutionAs far as content/gameplay, it's every bit as good as Dishonored.  It's been 2hrs and I still haven't cleared the the first two maps (stealth)."
76561198029299140,Recommended,403640,31043013,Posted: 9 April,all,henith,"I was skeptical about all the negative reviews about the game's performance and optimization issues.   This  game runs great for me.  I average 55-75 fps no matter where i am with all the graphics settings on ultra at 1080 resolution.  (gtx 1070, i5 6600k, no overclocking, 16gb ram, ssd)beautiful graphics and scenery, interesting plot and characters, different play style options.  If you have a similar PC, don't let the negative reviews scare you away from a very solid game"
76561198019899889,Recommended,403640,31614367,Posted: 7 May,all,599612,"A journey worth rememberingDISCLAIMER: all that is mentioned below is about the newest version,no major bugs encountered whatsoever.Being a huge fan of the first Dishonored,the second takes the series to soaring heights : refined gameplay,an almostobsessive attention to detail,beutiful exterior and interior spaces,a deeply satisfying lore,well-written characters and an interesting plot coprise the ambitious,dark and oh-too human world that is Dishonored.A side note for the PC technocrats that become entangled in FPS and ultra-high-super-duper-wow-1400000k resolutions : it is within your rights to criticise a game for its technical issues,but please,don't smother the creativity and hard work of the people behind it with some numbers...for everyone reading this review and decides to buy the masterpiece called Dishonored 2,I hope you have a wonderful experience with this diamond in an ocean of mediocrity..."
,Recommended,403640,30360621,Posted: 6 March,all,WWEdeadman,"After finally getting to finish my first playthrough, here is my 2 cents about the game:Holy crap, I love it.This playthrough took me 12h of playtime, that is more than I usually spend in a game without wanting it to come to an end. And god, did I not want this to end. I could've gone on for another 12 hours. And I definitely will go and play through it again with Emily, since I played Corvo for my first playthrough. And I'd be totally all over any story DLC that might release in the future.The game is definitely a worthy sequel to the first game, and I'm glad the performance issues it had at release were accounted for, only leaving 1 area where I dropped below 60, with framerate remaining on a playable level though.All in all, 9/10 in my book, only losing that one point for the botched release."
,Recommended,403640,30049104,Posted: 19 February,all,Cornistin,This game is amazing. Despite its rocky launch with major performance issues the good parts of this game shine through. The callbacks to the first game are awesome. Gameplay/Combat are really smooth and satisfying.Only problem I have is that there are tons of story elements hidden behind the graphic novels that I didn't even know about until now.I recommend this game to any fan of stealth gamers that like a game where your choice determines how the story plays out.
76561197970824941,Recommended,403640,28997098,Posted: 3 January,all,Stonewall Jackson,"If you like the first one, you wil definately like this one.  I purchased it during the holiday sale and all the bugs have been fixed now.   I just finished my first playthrough and it was great!"
76561198071779244,Recommended,403640,28675014,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Gygeryb,"If it works don't fix it. Dishonored 2 relies on the same mechanics as the excellent first game, but manages to make the formula even better. It is truly an incredable game that is worth atleast 2 full playthroughs. I luckily had no technical issues with the game."
76561197972354174,Recommended,403640,30600481,Posted: 18 March,all,Teckla,"Very fun, honest to the original, great game play, great story line."
,Recommended,403640,30590764,Posted: 18 March,all,Humble Water Filter Merchant,Pretty much the same mechanics as the original game but improved in every way. Best level design I've seen in ages. GOTY Candidate. No performance issues on 980ti and 4690k.
,Recommended,403640,30605660,Posted: 18 March,all,FrØst,"This game is worth your money. That's all i have to say. This and HITMAN have controlled my life for the past months.Buy it, NOW"
,Not Recommended,403640,28626027,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,AssMaster,At first i liked it and told my friends that i dont mind a few glitches or bugs ...First mission went smoothly the second crashed 3 times in 10 minutes until they fix this i do not recomend
,Recommended,403640,29547435,Posted: 28 January,all,Xmeagol [ZF],"This is how you make sequels, stays true to the first game while adding fresh gameplay and story to it."
,Recommended,403640,34473767,Posted: 24 August,all,vaindil,"The first Dishonored game was incredible, easily one of my favorite games of all time. I went into this one with low expectations because I'd heard very little other than the graphics issues. I was blown away. I didn't think they could possibly improve on the first one, but they sure as hell did it. I just don't have much to say other than: Play it. It's a masterpiece."
76561198040236903,Recommended,403640,34480822,Posted: 25 August,all,Tonkoe_Lezvie_Sna,"In this game, all is perfect. One of the richest stories I've ever heard, stunningly deep, detailed from head to toe game world, principially different gameplay on different levels, not to mention such things like inbelievable music and perfect graphics. The one and only flaw (that can be seen at the same time as a merit) that the game is somewhat short (and player don't have time to be bored because of this). It is a one of the rarest cases when sequel is even better that original game that was perfect by itself, and worth much more than it costs (especially when we remember games that much worse but costs much more). It's not 10 of 10, but rather 100 of 10. Definitely must have."
76561198086880061,Not Recommended,403640,29365121,Posted: 19 January,all,CAPITALSTEEZ,♥♥♥♥ing shi is broken no update for monthhsssssssssssssssss
,Recommended,403640,32912693,Posted: 27 June,all,ZedDEAD,Really good story and some very solid gameplay. I actually feel like a badass sneaking around as a literal shadow knocking out guards and discovering more about this world. Which by the way is one of the most creative worlds I have seen in quite sometime. Haven't felt this immersed since Fallout 3.
,Recommended,403640,32922337,Posted: 28 June,all,Kala,"As fun, immersive and pretty as its predecessor"
,Recommended,403640,32929475,Posted: 28 June,all,Ruziq,"Where to start....Dishonored 2 is set 15 years after Dishonored 1. Dishonored 2 a good game, choppy at release but still a good game.The game starts off pretty much the same way as the previous Dishonored, story wise that is.  But i still think that the Dishonored 2 story was very weak, Compared to the previous Dishonored. Dishonored 1 was a story about the Royal protector of the Empress who was framed for her murder. And he needed to redeem himself and Save Emily. In Dishonored 2 Emily is a young woman who loses the throne once again and needs to get it back. I'll try not to spoil the game but I can't promise anything.I felt much more connected to the storyline in the first Dishonored than the second. The first Dishonored started with you coming home early to deliver a letter to the empress, when you get to her you gets assassinated by the one and only Daud. Your goal in the first game is to Find Emily and save the kingdom from certain doom.In Dishonored 2 your only goal is pretty much saving Corvo (or Emily) and taking your throne back. It just feels like there was a massive hole in the story. When i finished the 1st Dishonored I really felt for the characters and the outcome of the story really mattered to me. But with the 2nd Dishonored i really couldn't care less if anyone died or how the story ended. I felt like i'd wasted my time even playing the game.I have in total around 70 hours on the the first Dishonored. I've finished the story more times than i can count and yet it's still a great experience everytime. even the DLC is good. After i finished Dishonored 2 i was pretty much done with the game. i didnt want to play it anymore. I found it very boring actually. I mean the Gameplay was great such an improvement on the first game, obviously the graphics were good but it just didn't have the same feel as the first game.What i'm trying to say here it that if you're looking for the same experience you had in the 1st Dishonored you're not going to find it here. What you're going to find is a good looking game with nice mechanics but a very weak story. I am going to recommend this game, But just because i had a bad experience with this game (I've still got a soft spot for the 1st game)Doesn't mean someone else might enjoy itPro's D2-Good Graphics-Nice Mechanics-New PowersCon's D2-Very weak story-Bad Performence on Low tier PC'sI know the Pro's outweigh the con's but i'm being generous.Don't Buy the game if you're looking for the same experience as D1!"
76561198062097573,Recommended,403640,32915460,Posted: 27 June,all,Huldrych,"*Uses heart on a random guard to tell me his secret during a night mission""-By day he enforces the law, by night he's a thief and ruffian.*Guard stars singing*-A, B, C, D, E and G, hay chi, J, K, elementally, Q arrest, you and V, Double V, X, wise and Z. Now I got my A's and Z's, tells me what you think of me.*Knocked him unconscious. Fed him to the bloodflies*"
76561198150392339,Recommended,403640,32125542,Posted: 2 June,all,garp-90,"a masterpiece like the first , thumbs up from an addicted stealth game fan like me .beautiful skill tree and abilities , wish other games learn how to make perfection game like this one right here .mulitiple ending , be good you get good ending , be bad and savage you'll get darker ending .9.5 / 10   more than a great game , i'd strongly recommend .we want a third game to make it trilogy  ;D .make the next one could be playable with more gaming hours ."
,Not Recommended,403640,26524382,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,YenZehC,"Laggy, VERY laggy. combat is very clunky."
,Not Recommended,403640,26533122,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Justinian,"Undoubtedly a fantastic game just like the first, but the atrocious stuttering and performance issues on even the most powerful hardware completely sap all enjoyment from the game.Vote with your wallets folks and get a refund until they fix it up."
76561198036270268,Not Recommended,403640,26535839,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,stubbsie8,The optimization and performance of this game is complete♥♥♥♥♥♥when looking at breakable glass or in open city area's no matter your rig you are going to go be dropping from 60 fps to 15-30.The game by default is set to low priority in the task manager and even if you change it to high priority it changes back after 3 minutes. As of now I would not recommend the game to anybody till some repair patches gets fixed....
76561198033016791,Not Recommended,403640,26525220,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Spleen50,PC master race amirite
,Not Recommended,403640,26536677,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Chris Silent,"Yeah it's a fun game, but not fun enough to warrant the kind of performance they've given us along with their half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥""Launch Day FAQ"""
76561197970391261,Not Recommended,403640,26537133,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Sixty9Eyes,"!DONT BUY IN ITS CURRENT STATE!Game is currently unplayable as frame spikes are everywere. gameplay, atmosphere and story are up there with the best, but the issue which ssems to be effecting most people makes it not worth the headache. i had to refund this game from the sheer disapointment. if this gets fixed i will be buying it again."
76561198020647528,Recommended,403640,26751882,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Komrad,"Just finished my First play through. Awesome game. Really solid sequelhad some issues with Nvidia driver and some issues with graphical issues + wierd mouse acceleration butbut that has all been resolved.  Don't really get the ♥♥♥♥♥iness and ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t people are talking about.This is a good solid game. And developers are releasing patches improving  user's issues.♥♥♥♥ this destructive bandwagon fan boy's rant on the fourmscould have been a Game of the Year, if the release had been better but has good potentialPs. if you have a toaster pc. You are not gonna enjoys this game, it will run like♥♥♥♥♥♥no amd phantom supportget a new cpu!"
76561198029627595,Not Recommended,403640,26522462,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,[Diabetus] Chicken,"60 euros , pre order and what do i get? the the buggiest game with the worst control and despise the fact that i have a good computer 30 fps or something like that"
76561198043233385,Not Recommended,403640,26514907,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Lycan Jack,"this game.. now, iv only spent about an hour of playing and while story seems good, gameplay is solid and the moral choice-system seems weaker than before (finally you can get caught, kill your way free and not be punished for it later down the line to an insane degree) HOWEVER... this game cements to me why Bethesda are pushing this ""no press-copies"" narative.. this game is ♥♥♥♥ing broken.Framerate dips and shifts to insane levels making combat sluggish,  the game feels heavy.. movement feels heavy and slow because of the loading textures and bad pop-in, the graphic settings seem to hold no sway over performance fixes, turning everything to low will gain you maybe 5 frames more from having them all on ultra.. this game is NOT ready yet we couldn't have game press telling us that because of this sickening trend of bethesda lying to the public..this game needs to stand as an example, an example of how bad publishers will treat us, how badly they will lie, how quick they will push un-finished games out and say ♥♥♥♥ IT to the backlash.. this game is broken on release, DO NOT REWARD THIS BEHAVIOUR."
,Recommended,403640,26524607,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,føamKingen,"quicky?Pros-Strong Story-Good Gameplay-Around 8 different ways to go through the game-HUGE Levels compared to the first Dishonored-Wonderful Character redesigns (Outsider in particular)-Good Graphically, scereny, atmosphere and the Void looks amazingCons-Poorly optimized for PC, changes are coming.-Missions get repetitive after a while-No Whiskey and Cigars..."
,Not Recommended,403640,26527018,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,aOwenCubed,"literally performs worse than a fat kid carrying an anvil on his back up a mountain. One seocnd I'm getting 60 FPS. I turn around and in an instant, I have sub 30."
,Not Recommended,403640,26531939,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Nivlee,"Honestly, I didnt enjoy the game.Yes. The story line does continue but it doesn't feel the same as the first game."
76561198046665186,Not Recommended,403640,26572500,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Fatal Pastry,"""We're not going to send out review copies so EVERYONE can experience our 30fps and constant crashes together!""As if the stuttering on my fairly high-end rig wasn't ridiculous enough, it seems as though every time I solve one crash-to-desktop error another one pops up.What the Hell, Arkane? This game should not have been released like this. Developers need to stop being so afraid of delaying launches to fix this kind of♥♥♥♥♥♥Ya done ♥♥♥♥ed it up, don't do it with Prey too.(If next week's patch actually fixes♥♥♥♥♥♥ I'll change this review to positive)."
76561198092968495,Not Recommended,403640,26525102,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,NibblesWeasel,Even on its lowest settings the game stutters and dips below 20 fps. I wouldn't recomend until it's patched.
76561197978158713,Not Recommended,403640,26546287,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Za.Law,"As of 11-Nov-16:  Looks like it could be good game.  Art is great.  Corvo's voice sucks.  Writing is still not as good as it should be.AND THE GAME IS BROKEN.  Poor optimization.  Graphics look wose then Dishonored 1.  Frequent game freze.  Pains me to say that the game is playable, and I've enjoyed what I've played so far, but it gets frustrating.If/when they fix the game I'll consider changing my review, but why should I care about the optimization of this review."
76561198097009885,Not Recommended,403640,26548149,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,nasal spray,"Don't buy it until they patch it. I have a high end PC (gtx1080 and all that) and thought that it should work fine. Well it didn't. The priority fix also does nothing at least for me, wasted 40 minutes trying to fix it. So don't buy it until they patch it, just not worth it right now.EDIT:Updated Nvidia Drivers, thinking that this could improve the performance. Well now the game doesn't even launch properly."
76561198051149300,Not Recommended,403640,26532424,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Lucien,After the initial area the game goes down to 18 fps.GTX 1080.Thanks.
,Recommended,403640,27173746,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Tyler,"Definitely one of the best games I've played this year. A game that's all about choice - the choice to play as one of two protagonists, the choice to go lethal or non-lethal, the choice to go stealthy or guns blazing and finally the choice to use superpowers or challenge yourself by not. The level design is fantastic and every mission is better than the last (except for the final mission). There's a lot of different ways you can approach every mission and I was genuinely surprised by some of the alternate solutions to the objectives. I had a blast exploring every nook and cranny of the levels.Both Emily and Corvo are a lot of fun to play and come with different sets of powers. All gameplay options are viable and both lethal and non-lethal approaches feel extremely satisfying. I actually enjoyed my first playthrough as Emily so much that I just had to play it all over again as Corvo. Playing through a game again right after you finish it is a rare occurrence these days as I struggle to finish games even once but I am already looking forward to a third ""no powers"" playthrough. Arkane Studios have outdone themselves with this worthy sequel, it's probably the closest thing to the older Thief games.The only thing that's a bit lacking is the story which is pretty generic but that's balanced out by the brilliant alternate world setting, great characters and lore. The performance on the PC version is problematic as well (my rig was able to brute force through it though). Overall Dishonored 2 is a potential GOTY candidate, a game I liked a lot more than I expected."
,Recommended,403640,27471647,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,SALVADOR,"This is, undoubtedly, one of the best games I've ever played. Beautifully crafted scenery with fantastic level design and lore as intriguing as ever. Dishonored 2 provides a fresh new perspective, allowing you to play as a grown up Emily with an empire ripped from beneath her feet or an older Corvo who must fight once again to bring justice to the empire. Every character is complex and creative (with a couple recognizable voices in there) and the gameplay was thoroughly enjoyable. Truly one of my favorite games that I would be more than happy to play again."
76561198071905462,Recommended,403640,27729424,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Nihlathak,not much change compared to DIshonored 1but still a exemplar of stage design9/10 would recommend no power mode
,Recommended,403640,27414401,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Anemo,"The game had some tremendous technical issues but everything else is top notch.The level design is intricate, the gameplay is smooth and the new powers offer a great change of pace.The art direction is mind blowing and I think Arkane did an outstanding job at capturing that european, mediterranean feeling.The lore and plot are a good follow-up to the first game and its DLCs and I think Emily has a sexy voice. This is the first time I haven't regretted pre-ordering a game, even though the first couple days were a nightmare because it was near unplayable.GOTY for sure."
76561198017943247,Recommended,403640,28434796,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,black culture,"I have had no performance issues and I have ran into zero bugs. Because of that I can actually review the *game*. This is a very good sequal to Dishonored, it's the same but more, and with Emily as a playable character there is even more replayability than before.So what do I recommend? Buy the game. If you have performance issues just refund it, and if you don't havbe any issues just enjoy it.Technically I'd say you could replay the game 16 times and each time would be different. 8 times as Corvo 8 times as Emily.Playstyles: Loud High Chaos, Loud Low Chaos, Quiet High Chaos, Quiet low Chaos.Each playstyle can be played without supernatural powers which is why I say there are technially 8 playstyles. I do not include Loud/Quiet or Medium Chaos because that's just a mix of the other playstyles and I'd personally reccomend sticking to one style of play throughout the playthrough for the most enjoyment. You might start out with Low Chaos stealth and then find it too hard and just start killing people and then get bored of being Loud High Chaos.It's probably a bad idea to start out Quiet Low Chaos as your first playthrough unless you're at least decent at stealth games. Quiet High Chaos and Loud High Chaos seem to be the best starter playstyles to get the feel for the game and the map layouts. You could also do Loud Low Chaos with Emily and it wouldn't be too crazy. Her mesmerize and chain ability makes it a pretty solid playstyle for a new player."
76561198051262815,Recommended,403640,27669880,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Barry McCociner,"Is good, ya."
,Recommended,403640,28451565,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,[SV]_ER,I miss the old void guy ;(
,Not Recommended,403640,27238667,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Bad.exe,"Until this game is completely overhauled for pc, I won't be buying it. Getting my refund now."
76561198047852527,Recommended,403640,27561361,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,CreedTrix,"Aside from the performance issues I hope they fix, Dishonored 2 is looking to be a new favorite game of mine. It improves upon the sequal with the allowance of a better non-lethal playstyle, while providing new abilities with cool uses like Emily's Far Reach. The uses for spells never ceases to amaze me, and people like StealthGamerBR help to highlight just how amazing Dishonored games are. I hope they fix the performance, but aside from that, I love this game"
76561198025232990,Recommended,403640,27590754,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Justin [SKVR],_______
76561198038734343,Recommended,403640,27669124,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Charles Snippy,"Dishonored 2 is the best stealth game in the last decade.It does everything the first game did right, and corrects all that it did wrong.The game's mechanics are well executed, with it's BEAUTIFUL enviorment.Dishonored 2's replay value is INSANE, with new routes, achivements, powers,dialoge, and many more great things for you to enjoy.Veteran player wont feel left out due to hint and whispers about the previous game,and new players wont be confused - with the games good story and tutorials.TL;DR - best stealth game ever (IMO)"
76561198006109544,Recommended,403640,27809102,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,PixelCat,"I love this game. I hear people are negatively affected with performance issues, factoring into a lot of negative reviews - I personally did not have any issues and my PC is not exactly at the highest end of the spectrum (not at the lowest, either, I'd say a bit above average).Gameplay is amazing, and improved over the original game in many ways - even addressing the issue that people thought the addition of the outsider's powers make the game too easy. Well, have ""No powers"" mode and enjoy the ride!Keep an eye out in the ""A crack in the slab"" mission - something in there might just blow your mind once you figure it out."
,Recommended,403640,27809800,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Fir3bugXIII,"They did, what not many developers do today: They took their time and made a game full of atmosphere and even a couple of new ideas! Currently I'm playing low chaos with Emily, but i can't wait to wreak havoc upon carnaca with Corvo.A nice, dark, abstruse world, but wich is given definition an depth with witty npc dialogs and even lore (never read those in Skyrim etc...)TL;TRGood Story, Good Gameplay, Good Atmosphere!Worth playing."
,Recommended,403640,27877690,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,xpo,"Pros:Great storyEmily has a very unique feel to Corvo.The game is so versatile, it can be played in so many ways.Cons:Takes a bit of tweaking in the settings to get it to run correctly.Last mission seemed a bit rushed to me.It lived up to Dishonored 1 (which is very hard to do)I would recommend."
,Recommended,403640,27928553,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Paolo,"Regarding my experience with the performance in this game, I was running at a 10-20fps at very low settings on my ASUS GTX 660 2gb. I just upgraded to the GTX 1060 6gb and now I'm able to run the game on high at solid 60 fps slight drops to the 50 range once and a while in large zones. I've seen here that there are lots of people who are still having problems even with better graphics cards and specs than me, so there is definitely still optimization issues. However, I still find environments to be somewhat blurry, even with full resolution scale. Once Bethesda fixes the PC port, I highly suggest picking it up."
76561198027250126,Recommended,403640,28030617,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Snailman32,"This game is the reason I couldn't study for my year 12 Chemistry exams. I may fail, but at least I can say I've completed a non-lethal playthrough"
,Not Recommended,403640,28110931,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Stickypig,"Rolled the dice on hoping I'd be one of those people who found the game ran fine for them, but I'm on the other team it seems. Runs like I'm playing this on a PS3 and not the relatively powerful gaming PC I've built. This review is based purely on the performance of the 30 or so minutes I've played and not the story. Seems like more DIshonored in terms of gameplay and that's fine by me, but I think I'm done until they get this {hopefully} running the way it should on decent hardware. Cool game hampered by very disappointing port."
,Recommended,403640,28150812,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Smart_Guy_,"Despite the PC issues, Dishonored 2 manages to be a fantastic sequel to the original. Almost every aspect of the game has been improved, from combat to magic to the characters. The only downsides are the PC performance issues, which only greatly impact mid-range PCs, and the story which, while it's interesting and adds a lot of lore while also serving as a satisfying connection between the two games, has an ending that left me wanting more than it gave me. But Dishonored has always been about the gameplay, which is a fantastic step up from the previous game, which was already fantastic. If you have a high-end PC, give the game a play. If your PC is mid-range, wait for more compatibility patches to come out before picking this game up."
,Recommended,403640,28152185,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Lambtron,"Not experioencing any perfomance issues like others are reporting, runs very smoothly, except in loading screens the cursor is very slow. Poor visuals though, AA is shocking and anything beyond 10 or so metres seems fuzzy and out of focus. 10/10 for story and gameplay though."
,Recommended,403640,28153800,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Hammercorps,"Arkane Studios created a fantastic immersive sim in 2012 with Dishonored. The combination of unique, handcrafted levels and a large amount of player freedom to play how they wanted was a winning formula, and here in Dishonored 2, they've crafted a near perfect sequel, building and improving on the original in almost every way.One of the major complaints about the first game was that although the good ending is achieved by playing non-lethally, the real fun of the game came from the lethal systems, as they had the most tools available to them, while the nonlethal methods of play were rather boring and restrictive by comparison. Arkane have absolutely listened to this complaint and they have changed it so that almost all of the lethal weapons have a nonlethal counterpart. Whereas in the first game the only ways of non-lethal incapacitation were sleep darts and choke-holds, now you have non-lethal drop assassinations, new types of darts, and non-lethal variants of all the powers, which makes non-lethal just as fun to play as lethal. I've only done one playthrough non-lethally as Emily, but it was a great deal of fun, and I plan to try a lethal style as Corvo in a future playthrough. On that note, it's awesome that Arkane added the option to play as both Corvo and Emily, who supposedly have very different playstyles, though I've only tried one. It would have been easy for them to just have Emily, as she has an all-new set of powers and it feels more natural narrative-wise to play as her, but it adds a lot more replayablility to be able to choose. It's also nice to see that they've added voice acting for both Corvo and Emily this time around, as Dishonored 1 felt a bit lonely at times with Corvo being silent. Stephen Russell, the original Garrett, steals the spotlight as Corvo, but Emily's voice actress does an excellent job as well, and is the perfect fit for her. The other voice-acting is all top-notch as well, with the exception of The Outsider, who's new voice actor feels far more forced and less menacing then the calm, smooth vocals of the actor in the first game.Karnaca is both a joy artistically and mechanically. It still feels very much like it's a part of the same world as Dunwall (which also is playable briefly,) but feels very different as well. Where Dunwall feels like 19th-century industrial London or the New England whaling towns, Karnaca feels more like any of the great Mediterranean ports, with the sun beating off of the many traversable roofs. The bloodflies feel like a more fitting part of the new location then the rats, while also managing to be just as annoying, while the areas are a joy to explore and experiment in as well. One of the great new things Arkane has done is to take a page out of Valve's book by adding in some sort of game-changing idea to several of the missions, one that is a central pillar for that mission, but that you won't see again anywhere in the game. This could be the shifting floors of the Clockwork Mansion, the blowing sand of the Dust District (that reduces visibility and makes taking guards out much easier,) or another mansion that I won't spoil, but anyone who's played the game will know exactly what I'm talking about. Arkane doesn't do this for all the missions, but when they do, it's executed masterfully, without destroying any of their core mechanics. You can still play however you want, but now you have something new and different to take into account as well, thus increasing replayability even more.The worldbuilding is the other big area that I noticed Dishonored 2 seemed to stand out from it's predecessor. There just seems to be more of it, from the small conversations NPC's will have (even if they do tend to repeat themselves quite often,) to the text snippets of people's lives in notes and letters scattered everywhere. It really makes the world feel like a real, lived-in place, that existed before and will continue to exist long after the player has passed through, as well as hinting at a much larger world beyond the confines of the game.Unfortunately, while the storytelling itself is phenomenal, the actual overarching story fails to be anything special or memorable. Once again, it's a pretty typical and predictable revenge story, although it does manage to be better than the first game by actually including some realistic motivations for the main antagonist, adding a bit of empathy to her, though it feels glossed over. It's the one big area I was left feeling disappointed in, as I expected something more interesting than what I got. The other big disappointment for me was the Chaos system. It is definitely less binary then the first game, with the new snippets of text by the Heart meaning that you can get away with potentially more deaths on a non-lethal playthrough, but the system is still very simplistic, with the endings based on your chaos rating either feeling to unrealistically happy, or too unrealistically dark, respectively.However, these complaints are ultimately minor in what is one of the best games of 2016. I didn't experience any of the technical issues that many people suffered from, thankfully, so I can't comment there, but it seems like many of these issues have been patched out, and so there's no better time to start. If you were a fan of the first game, or or you want to try a game that rewards player creativity while combining it with the interesting challenges you can only get from handcrafted levels, then you owe it to yourself to give Dishonored 2 a try."
76561197997836239,Recommended,403640,28315697,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,vukodlak,"Preamble: I was lucky enough not to suffer any performance issues (and on a laptop at that) which is reflected in my opinon.This game is fantastic, certainly one of the best games I played this year, and possibly the very best. The most appropriate praise I can give it is this: as much as being a great sequel to the first Dishonored, it is a real successor to the Thief games of old. There are only a dozen levels or so, but they are HUGE, often taking me 3-4 hours to clear (keeping in mind that I really like to explore and not rush). Each level is superbly crafted, with a plethora of secrets to discover, collectibles to find, lore to explore and enemies to kill/KOavoid."
76561197971048120,Recommended,403640,28523921,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,ess,"Just completed my first playthrough, recommend the game wholeheartedly.  It is an immersive world with large intricately crafted levels that allow you to make the most of the skills whether playing stealthy or chaotic.  Most levels after the first few introductory portions introduce interesting twists that keep the gameplay fresh.  I won't go into more detail to avoid spoiling these pleasantly surprising unique mechanics, but it is truly impressive how functional each is within these sprawling stages.  If you enjoyed the first game I believe this sequel preserves the fundamentals and succeeds beyond them.  Considering the varied approaches, powers, secrets, there is high replay potential and you will likely enjoy replaying many sections just to see what is possible.  The AI seems relatively high functioning to me on ""hard"" but not unfair.  The plot was engaging enough although not the highlight for me, some good cameos on voicework and quite atmospheric.  The graphics are beautifully steampunky.  I am sorry to hear that performance issues have marred the experience for many, I did not encounter any with a geforce 1070, i5-6600 at 3.5GHz, 16gb ram, windows 10 64bit.  If you enjoyed the first game, stealth games, or exploration/action contained within dense urban/fantasy environments then give this one a chance.  It is very well done, one of my favorite games of the year."
76561197970512559,Recommended,403640,28187875,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,WhipperSnapper,"I caught the game on a Steam sale and decided to jump in, regardless of all the bug reports. I can only report on my experiences:1) The gameplay is outstanding. Take Dishonored 1, improve your non-lethal combat *extensively* and you have Dishonored 2. Now you don't have to sacrifice having a good time because lots of the 'fun' gameplay is lethal -- non-lethal is viable and just as fun.Right now I'm on my first playthrough with Emily and her powers are interesting. Cool stuff. I'm looking forward to trying Corvo's different powers (haven't even seen them yet).2) Graphics -- They are really good.  More actual detail than the first Dishonored and even more 'dense' - It can take hours to explore a particular area because there are so many nooks and crannies.3) Sound -- The sound is very good, with environmental sounds and great (non-intrusive) music to back it all up.  The voice acting for many of the characters, though, is absolutely comical, in a bad way.  They really need to look into hiring some better voice actors for the normal enemies - heck, I'll offer my services for free.4) Game performance - So I use a 960GTX on a Xeon (i7) 3.5Ghz and performance is acceptible if I turn off V-sync.  V-sync does some weirdness -- slows down the mouse response, everything feels like it's 1/10th second 'behind' my input.  Of course, I have to live with the tearing, but overall it's much better to have some tearing and great responsiveness.Frame-rates go from 70-30.  Usually, even in the 30FPS areas (dense with lots of objects and enemies) it still feels pretty good in actual gameplay, but there are some quirks (mentioned later in bugs).5) Bugs -- Unfortunately, the game is fairly buggy, but so far (thankfully) not game-breakingly so.For instance -- you can craft bonecharms or runes, which is awesome -- and you can even stack effects on bonecharms to have them stack.Except the beneficial traits (like choking someone out or moving with a body) are DETRIMENTAL -- Arkane made the ridiculous mistake of flipping their logic, so that equipping a ""Choke someone faster"" charm (or 4) will slow your choke speed....how disappointing.As for graphics - mostly stable, but sometimes I run into craziness -- I'm playing on Hard, so about 2 hits from a sword kills me (which I like) but when I bring up the powers menu to try to select a power, sometiems I'm 'stuck' in that I can't select a power----I have to press escape to try to exit the game, then try to enter the menu again.  Really annoying and has led to several deaths.Overall -- An awesome game if technical issues don't plague you -- I run on decently high settings and love the graphics -- can't wait to upgrade my GPU and play on higher settings eventually.The level design is absolutely awesome -- Clockwork Mansion being something I've never seen in a game and the design is almost mind-boggling.I really hope they fix lots of the bugs though -- some of them are so easy to spot and yet they made it into the game."
,Recommended,403640,28462577,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Sean,"This is an excellent release that improves upon the original game is just about every way.The world is more immersive and expansive.Variations on how you choose to progress through levels is now insanely diverse.New skills and abilities add to the already incredibly fun gameplay.Whether you want to approach this as a straightforward linear fps, or challenge yourself and immerse deeper into the mechanics, there is a ton of replay value here.  The base game is a good length, but can also be played as one of two characters, where your choice changes how the story progresses.If you enjoy sandbox environments similar to the ones provided in the Deus Ex series, this is a definite buy.  I haven't had any issues playing this game from day one with solid and decent fps the whole time.  Having said that, my system just meets the requirements, not the recommended specs.  So I play on a customized medium/high setup."
76561198011617874,Recommended,403640,28517692,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Lone Wolf McQuade,"Fantastic game. If there's a game out there that's better at making you feel like a badass silent assassin, let me know.This game has gotten many negative reviews because of a poorly optimized launch, but with all the subsequent patches I've had no trouble running it smoothly on Ultra settings (gfx: 980 Ti; cpu: 4790k).I'd rate it a 9.3 / 10. Addictive and variety-filled gameplay. Worthy of multiple playthroughs. I look forward to whatever DLCs come in the future."
76561198055643748,Recommended,403640,28524783,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,"Assius, God of Booty","Stop. Read this.You're probably looking in the reviews to see what all the talk is about this game being poorly optimized. You're probably basing your decision on whether the frame rate drop♥♥♥♥♥♥is true for everybody. I'm gonna simplify this so you don't have to read a bunch of♥♥♥♥♥♥There ARE frame rate drops and quality bugs in large areas of this game.Lowering your settings doesn't do much. If you have a high-end rig, you'll be okay, but it'll still have hiccups. As for low-end or kinda meh setups, I don't recommend you get this. You probably wont be able to run it and you'll waste your time and money.As for the game itself? Wow. Just wow. I played some of the first dishonered (again) before hopping into this one, and holy ♥♥♥♥ man. INCREDIBLE improvements. The movement is much smoother, the maps are far superior to the last game's, the bone charms crafting system is a godsend, the abilities feel balanced yet powerful, and there is a ♥♥♥♥♥on of creativity you can delve into when approaching each and every mission. There's also a great amount of replayability with picking either Emily or Corvo at the beginning, I'm about to start my Corvo run. The game finally feels like a world rather than a frustratingly small cut of a country. Becoming a shadow monster and sneaking up behind people to put them to ""bed"" has never felt more comfortable and fluid.Finally the story. Honestly it was impressive, I'll give it that. There were a few plot twists I didn't expect and a deeper involvement in character development, especially on Emily's part. Each mission built the story up in an incredibly interesting ark that I actually enjoyed, thuroughly. ENDING SPOILER (kinda)The ending was pretty anticlimactic though, it really didn't feel like it deserved such a huge build-up.Ultimately the story could've used a little improvement in the right places, I feel like Bethesda kinda got lazy at some parts.OverallOptimization: 3/10Game Design: 9.5/10Story: 7/10Assius's Final Score7/10Good game. Bad optimization.Thanks for listenting, booty be with you."
76561198004979567,Not Recommended,403640,32785233,Posted: 25 June,all,Lag_Killed_Me_Not_You,"Wont run on startup and still buggy af. Searched for solutions online to troubleshoot it, and there are less threads and known fixes for this than most games I have a problem with. Waiting for the future to come so I can give a better review once something patches this abomination."
,Not Recommended,403640,26534487,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,FE40536,"Bethesda is dishonored, indeedTy for guide to start game"
76561198064106970,Recommended,403640,28193957,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,gitman7,"I was a little hesitant to buy this with so many saying they were seeing performance problems, I do not have a very fast machine compared to some but the game plays fine for me and I am loving it. Only problem is I have been staying up too late playing lol. I have a i5 2500 (not k model) with 16GB ram and R9 380X 4 GB card. I just downloaded the game a few days ago so maybe the problems were fixed I don't know. I am running 1920x1080 and am using default video settings. I do see a little bit of micro stutter when I move real fast but it does not bother me at all. This is a great game!Ok update on 12/11. For a few days now the game has been freezing then quitting. I think it was after a Windows 10 update but not sure. I have tried dozens of things such as the TdrDelay thing, different driver versions, DDU clean uninstall, disabling / uninstalling MSI Afterburner, etc. etc. But it's still freezing. I can play about a half hour or so before it freezes if I am lucky."
,Recommended,403640,34468841,Posted: 24 August,all,6double,"If you liked Dishonored 1, you'll like Dishonored 2. Basically the same game but improved in every way."
76561198262863262,Not Recommended,403640,29389969,Posted: 20 January,all,Cornes,Runs like crap on a stick. Wasnt worth the 60 dollars at all
76561198255422630,Recommended,403640,31845024,Posted: 19 May,all,TheLegend27,If this game would be a pineapple it would be a good pineapple.
,Recommended,403640,30346892,Posted: 5 March,all,PurpleXVI,"It's alright, really.Maybe not worth full price, but pretty alright. The main issue with Dishonored 2 is that it exists because Dishonored 1 sold well, so they made a new story to go with the new game. It doesn't exist because they already had more story that they wanted to build a game around.A second issue is that there's such an incredibly minor difference between playing Emily or Corvo that you're unlikely to ever really notice it(especially in New Game + where they both have access to each others' powers), and that the difference between high and low chaos is far less tangible than in Dishonored 1.In fact, the real complaints here aren't that Dishonored 2 is an outright bad game, just that it's not quite as good as the first. Less interesting scenarios, less interesting level design, less dramatic final mission, no actual interesting reveals for the story(it's all as it seems from the get-go, while Dishonored 1 had an actual surprise or two), less pay-off for choices made(several options for mission resolutions have all of one line of easily missed dialogue, and in one case it's the more involved and complicated method of resolution which has no payoff, weirdly enough. Not sure if it smells of lacking ideas or lacking time...).I wouldn't mind more games in the Dishonored setting, but I feel like it'd benefit if they took a step away from the stealth game schtick for the next installment or two, just until they had enough good ideas to make it worth another shot. Maybe an RPG or some sort of turn-based squad tactics, I can see the world having the space for either.All in all, it's really not going to blow your mind, but if you liked the first game a lot, this probably won't be a waste of your time and money.PS: Why even have water-specific abilities when the game has so little actual water? Feels like a leftover from the first game which had somewhat more aquatic navigation options."
,Not Recommended,403640,26936007,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Emperor Scrub,"a alright game, first dishonored was better had more custimizations (only get crossbow and new amunition types in this game) seems like they sacrificed depth for a shorter 2 person view game, get it on sale not worth full price atm"
,Recommended,403640,27184729,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,FALLEN LORD,"i loved the first game, now i love the secend game."
76561197988469358,Not Recommended,403640,29520288,Posted: 27 January,all,Dave,"I wanted to like this. Thoroghly enjoyed the previous installments to this franchise and high hopes for this. While it never ran great, it was fine until Update 1, which triggered frequent black screens/crashes. Took steps to mitigate the frequency, but it never resolved them completely and later updates didn't help. Should not have been surprised given it sits on the awful 'IdTech' engine. Nice story and pretty good mechanics marred by terrible graphics engine."
,Recommended,403640,35039582,Posted: 17 September,all,loshvevo,"didn't even need to play the first game, loved the female protag she's my wife now, 5 sandwiches out of 3 would dishonour again"
76561198165501037,Recommended,403640,31088878,Posted: 11 April,all,Quiddity,I played the first Dishonored and was excited to try this one.It does have similarities to the first but it's been updated and has a few new quirks.
,Recommended,403640,31195453,Posted: 17 April,all,Spa Sapping,"9/10 Almost better than the original Dishonored, Arkane Studios outdid themselves."
76561198083772630,Not Recommended,403640,26532362,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Ray,"Game runs like a crippled turtle.  Even when you get 60 FPS the framepacing is awful and the game feels juttery.  When you get out of the prologue and into the main city, the game rarely maintains 60 FPS.Update: This is an early review.  After a few patches--and endless fiddling with both in-game and Nvidia Control Panel Settings--the game ran more like a crippled tiger and less like a crippled turtle.  Yay!  Maybe it's gotten better since I last played it, but you'll have to excuse me if I have better things to do than dive back into an underwhelming game to see if they fixed it months after release."
76561198155793173,Recommended,403640,33446926,Posted: 10 July,all,ComradeGamerDad,"Buy. This. Game. You'll like it. I'm in the middle of a stealthy, low chaos campaign with Emily right now. Very fun.One thing. You won't know what this means until you buy the game, but: Save Paolo.He is the most misunderstood character in the game and among the community. He is a hero of the working class. Weigh your options carefully when deciding the fate of that stage of the game."
,Recommended,403640,35252816,Posted: 27 September,all,TheSnetch,"Umm, what can I say... I think the game lacks the actual theme and setting like in the first part of dishonored. In disgonored 1 you can truly feel everything the Corvo is doing, and there are many different types of missions with many different approaches. Dishonored 2 really lacks those feelings, it's just you get sent out on a mission to kill or use a different method on someone, and that's basically it. I'd say it's a great stealth based game with many action to it, but it's a lacking game for the dishonored series. Never less, I would still recommend this game for people that contain action and stealth in the same time. I would rate Dishnored 2 a well deserved 7/10."
76561198199204349,Recommended,403640,29135635,Posted: 8 January,all,DeadLeaf,This game is a MASTERPIECE !!I love it!
,Recommended,403640,32665775,Posted: 22 June,all,Dae,I bought this game 3 days before the Steam Summer Sale 2017...But it was worth the extra 20$.
,Recommended,403640,35023153,Posted: 17 September,all,Ra5h,It's good but whoever decided to change the engine and voice actors should be flogged.
,Not Recommended,403640,26527629,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Fleeep,"Unplayable in its current state. I am above the required specs for this game and i still cant even reach 20 fps with everything on VERY LOW and all effects off. Latest drivers all downloaded, etc..Game launches like this should be unacceptable. We're almost in 2017 and games still get made with console first in mind and then ported poorly over to PC. Not only is the game unplayable but even the menu itself is terrible, there is nothing more i hate than trying to navigate around in a menu made for a controller on a console.I'm sure the story, gameplay and graphics are brilliant if the game only was playable."
76561198155209486,Not Recommended,403640,26564547,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Lordybee007,it keeps lagging even with very low settings
,Not Recommended,403640,26528559,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,I'll sniff you out,"Pre ordered and excited I open the game with a ""God Computer"" and runs like horse♥♥♥♥♥♥on very low settings(and resolution) will definetely not pre order the next game or buy it for that matter."
,Not Recommended,403640,26528920,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Floor is lava,Runs like garbage on pc. CPU priority constantly sets itself to low during loading screens.
,Not Recommended,403640,26528321,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Darramouss,"Great looking game, plays well and has an engaging story.Terribly optimized however which seems to be a recurring theme with PC ports in the last few years.Don't buy until patched."
,Recommended,403640,26527737,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Dewguru,"I'm either lucky and not getting some of technical issues that others are, or I've a low standard for visual / framerate expectations. Hell, maybe a little of both.Anyway, it's been enjoyable so far. The only odd gameplay 'bug' I encountered was when I was in a Neutral area, and then for reasons unknown, everyone started shrieking and running away from me as though they had seen me murder someone. Yet I was just standing there, weapons away, walking and taking in the scenery (which looks good to me).The ai seems to be a mixed bag. Sometimes it's challenging, other times I feel like I'm choking out sheep.One pleasant huge early game choice that I wasn't expecting, besides playing as Corvo or Emily, and going High or Low Choas, is the option to go with or without the mark of the Outsider. After staring at my screen and contimplating for what seemed like a solid 15 minutes, which also involved getting up and getting a drink, I came back and figured Corvo would rather be his own man, and I'm going with the 'powerless' play option.The first one was good enough to where I gave it two and a half play throughs, and this one is looking like it'll get two or more as well."
,Recommended,403640,28894636,Posted: 1 January,all,Dead,"This game is amazing, it is such a good innovation to Dishonored one, but, there are SOME fps drops, and they are not too common when you are inside, also. The NG+, it was really good, but the upgrades you buy don't stick with you. Which sucks. And besides that, cannot wait for DLC."
,Not Recommended,403640,32739863,Posted: 24 June,all,Single Nut Sam,"Very slow load times, horrible audio stutter, and a laggy menu make this game impossible to play, I could only go through the first mission and tutorial before I gave up. I'm using a Gtx 1070 and a i7-4770k and 16gb of ram. AKA better than the recommended specs. Pretty upset about this because the story seemed soild enough and I was exicted to play through the game. But currently it isn't possible with what I have (Above the recommended)."
,Not Recommended,403640,27164763,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,lczerner,Even after the patch the game still has serious performance problems and looks ugly. Arguably it's even worse then before the patch. I had to return this one and I am not picking it up again until it's completely resolved and I'd recommend everyone not running the latest and greatest HW doing the same. I am going to watch playthrough on youtube instead.
76561198014251509,Recommended,403640,34473623,Posted: 24 August,all,Tom Bot,"I definitely recommend this game. Exciting game play, totally different story lines based on your actions (Chaos level). I have played thru the whole storyline for multiple times already, but it is still fun for me. If you slow down and play attention to small details, such as letters and conversations between characters, you will be surprised how much details the developing team have put into this game. I would definitely rate 10/10 for this game!"
,Recommended,403640,34790114,Posted: 7 September,all,HollySane,Bought this so that I could have more inspiration in writing Dishonored fan fiction. Was not disappointed.
,Recommended,403640,35002955,Posted: 16 September,all,Metternich,"If you liked the first Dishonored, you'll like this. it's just as good as the first game, but with more choices."
76561197970759080,Recommended,403640,35356527,Posted: 30 September,all,Able Jones,"3/5A confusing game to review, on the one hand its really fun to play and♥♥♥♥♥♥about in, but I still feel the same way I did when playing Max Payne 3 ... good effort but its still wrong.Feasting on pears and getting a tan whilst fighting witches with voidcraft really flipped my mojo.I definitely enjoyed the first title more than the sequal even though they both have issues.Prime example being the 'Dark Vision' which highlights objects & people, which can turn into a casting spam to even find some of the hidden objects you need. I also found it strange there are no bonecharms to buff this power past the normal skill unlocks unlike most of the other powers.Most of the death dealing gadgets are superfluous and can do more overall harm than a xbow bolt to the face.Game really does relish in stealing your happy for doing something apparently meaningless.Level design is an obvious plus in this title, however if you plan to do multiple playthroughs some levels can become tedious to complete.The final boss fight & the games chaos levolution were both surprisingly good.I really shouldn't have to download a third party mod just to skip the intro vids ... product infected with Bethesda.Steam sale."
76561198099253174,Recommended,403640,31164266,Posted: 15 April,all,Morsictus | Irisveil,"Let me tell you about the graphic ""issues."" People are complaining that they're having graphic issues and fps lag even though their hardware is lower than the recommended specs. For example, a GTX 1060 is better than a GTX 970, or at least very close. Of course a 1060 won't run flawlessly on Ultra settings, so how could a GTX 970 do better? It doesn't. This game doesn't look bad at all whatsoever at Medium graphic settings. If you're going to give this game a negative review for the graphical errors, then rate it for what it's actually worth in gameplay and how fun it is and tell other customers to try the DEMO before buying the game to test it with their specs. I have a GTX 1060 6gb and an i5 6400. I have no problems at all with medium settings, a little more on high settings, especially when turning quickly and when a bunch of fx happens such as doors breaking, grenades, explosions, etc, and at most 30-50 fps when just wondering in ultra. The game still looks like it should at Medium graphic settings. This is an AAA title; it's not going to look cancerous at even low settings and your toaster isn't going to handle it well if it doesn't at least fit the recommended specs. Most of the people I see in the negative reviews are making it negative for the fps drops and fps lag, not for the actual gameplay and we don't even know what their specs are. Only get this game if you know you don't have a toaster for a gaming pc and if your specs meet the recommended specs, or if you are good with running it in the demo. Now, to the gameplay.I went through this game 3-4 times already, starting a New Game+ (a new feature which lets you choose a save slot to go off of where you save all your learned bonecharm traits and all your powers get converted back to runes, letting you replay the game until you have ALL powers, including Emily and Corvo's powers combined on one character[you can reselect who you play as each new game+ or new game in general]). It's highly replayable and much more enjoyable when you have all the powers for each mission. The powers are all really fun to use and some powers were really amped up from the previous game. Corvo, like Daud, is now able to freeze time when standing still and using blink, and can also launch someone like 15 ingame feet or more while using blink and left click in combat. Emily's new set of powers are really nice and fresh. They, in my opinion, are more fun than Corvo's, especially for stealth.The graphics are really pretty if your computer can handle them and even in low quality settings they still look really nice.The gameplay is great.Stealth is really nice, and if you're hardcore on stealth, you can decline the Outsider's mark and play without powers, making it PURE stealth or pure combat.Powers are 10/10Replayability 8.5/10There isn't any confirmed DLC, but if we all grow brains and give more positivity and stop using our toasters for reviewing then maybe they'll come out faster :DDNote: My computer, even with a 1060, seems like trash compared to what other people have in the negative reviews, but I'm not seeing any problems in playability. Maybe they fixed the problems. Just try it with the demo first before you buy it instead of buying it to add up another negative review with such a good company and game."
76561198031950647,Not Recommended,403640,27959607,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Alvarin,"Crashes at loading screen. Nothing i can do. I've updated my driver, even tried it with the beta patch and i have reinstalled it. I've looked on the forums and a lot of people struggle with it. A close friend of mine has just started having the same problems. I didn't pay 400 kr for a loading screen. Come on. Fix it."
76561198029921067,Not Recommended,403640,28198784,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Ай-ай-ай-ай-ай,probably my last preorder of Bethesda games
,Not Recommended,403640,28198429,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Acorn Scorn,"After the intro logos appear, I am greeted with a logo screen of emily and Corvo's face then the game proptly quits.I have an AMD FX-6300 Processorand an AMD Radeon R9 200 Series model GPU as well as  8GB of RAMThis is terrible and until they let me play the game I will have to not Recommend It!!!And yes I tried the beta patch!"
76561198049574869,Recommended,403640,28658294,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Careless Reaper (Lara),"Ok, after playing through the game about twice now, working on my third play through, sans powers. Here's my 0 spoiler review in tl;dr format: If you enjoyed the first game, you'll love the second.Non-tl;dr version:Much of the classic game is still in the game. I.E. ALL of Corvo's powers are unchanged, sans some additional upgrades to some powers (for example, Corvo can now have access to Daud's variation of blink from Knife of Dunwall and Brigmore Witches from the first game) as well as familiar items when you play corvo. The iconic mask, his sword (for both characters) his pistol and his crossbow.Now, differences time! You get the choice of Emily or Corvo now. Emily's powers are more disruption, stealthy (minus her transportation power which has gotten me killed more times than not) and... Corvo's the same. The upgrades to weapons are also the same... minus the legendary upgrades for the crossbow and pistol. Those are different based on character (or they're randomized, not sure yet). The powers are upgradable now to numerous tiers as stated. And... BONECHARM CRAFTING! Now you can destroy bonecharms you don't want, or numerous you do want (including cursed ones, though the cursed ones don't quite give you effects to use) and take the effects to create a bonecharm with up to 4 different effects using raw whalebone from destruction of bonecharms or found in the open world. you can also craft your own runes if you go far enough down the tree, though the payoff to how much you use on it is... not worth it in my opinion.The world is just as open as the last game, if not more so and you have just as many options to get rid of targets if not more. The karma system has been extremely refined to the point that High and Low chaos no longer effects the ending AS MUCH. So there's no crap ending for killing everyone if you would prefer not to have that (though the heart does kinda guilt you for high chaos). High chaos now just means more bloodflies (This game's rats) and guards while low chaos is the same as it was in 1, fewer bloodflies and fewer guards.Over all, other than some shoddy design on Emily's dark reach (her ""blink"" power), I'd give it a solid 9.5/10 and not 10/10 only because it's maybe two or so hours longer than the first, but still relatively short, but the replayability is high. I would definitely suggest this to anyone who enjoyed the first Dishonored."
,Not Recommended,403640,27439655,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Mohfuu,"Perfect game, but runs like strong wild garbage.Wouldn't recommend, unless you're fine with running it at very low."
76561197969736565,Not Recommended,403640,31024915,Posted: 8 April,all,Mr H,Such a shame. A really poor PC implementation. Doesn't get the resolution right. Mouse investion on Y axis doesn't work in tutorial. Feels like it is 5 years too late... Such a shame.
,Not Recommended,403640,26519784,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Anas Peerzada,Don't gather for Whiskey and Cigars tonight.
76561198112315896,Not Recommended,403640,26528221,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,ronnieyan,Game does not work.
,Recommended,403640,28560892,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,benji7425,"A lot of the negative reviews here are because of poor performance. I was one of the lucky people who actually had perfect performance from day 1, so just bear that in mind. I do believe, however, that at the time of writing this now there has been a PC patch which has solved the issues for most people.This game was a very worthy successor to the first, and I played through it twice almost non stop (aside from eating, sleeping and going to work obviously). There were a lot of mechanics that were pulled across from the first game, which gave it that familiar feel and I was able to get going pretty quickly. I played as Corvo the first time through, which was more similar to the first game than Emily's powerset. The powers and mechanics were smooth and effective, providing a large range of ways that each level could be approached.The world felt alive, and was very well designed. There are nooks and crannies and secrets everywhere, and a whole multitude of different routes you can take to reach your destination, if you are willing to look for them. Both low and high chaos (ie stealth vs brawl-ish) play-throughs were well catered for, which is not something you find verry often.My first playthrough, as Corvo, took me about 20 hours. I went for full stealth with no kills. I subsequently played through a Emily with high chaos, which took me about 4.5 hours as I already knew the levels inside out thanks to playing stealth first.I can wholeheartedly recommend this game, and I'd be tempted to say it was my favourite game of 2016!"
,Recommended,403640,28705346,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Rosehip,"Aside from a couple of sound glitches (Ambient and music going silent abruptly whenever I looked at certain things) the game is good so far (Up to I think mission 4 or 5 at this time)After completing the game, I only had a couple more issues, and it was bretty gud"
76561198197732650,Recommended,403640,31499529,Posted: 1 May,all,The Holy Duck,Never dissapoint one of the best stealth games out there
,Recommended,403640,28640332,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,NoArmsIrene,"tl;dr = Good if you have a powerful PC. Bad if you are running anything worse. Wait for a sale to try the game - I bought the game at 33% off.The gameplay itself is fine and that's already well known.The performance could be better though. I'm getting steady 60fps but that's because I'm probably 'brute force' powering myself through with two GTX 970s in SLI. Rest of my specs are are: i7 4790k, 16GB of RAM, Win 7 64bit. But even though its 60fps, sometimes it doesn't feel entirely smooth.I'm running 'Very High' settings at 1440p with the exception of Shadows (set to Medium) and running FXAA Medium. HBAO+ is on. Setting FXAA higher or using TXAA or increasing shadow quality will make peformance in Karnaca pretty awful. But with my settings I can get a steady 60fps. I've not actually tried setting anything to Ultra yet - but the game's textures are somewhat disappointing in areas for a 2016 game.For those worrying about Denuvo and loading times, the first boot up of the game might be a little slow, but quicksaving and quickloading is quite rapid. You don't need to worry about the 2-4 minute load times like in Mankind Divided even when using an SSD.The game definitely needs more polishing, but if you have a powerful system, you can definitely get a worthwhile experience out of this - especially if you are a big Dishonored 1 fan.Not experienced any crashing issues after 11 hours of playing the game - so the seemingly unskippable company logos at the start of the game aren't quite as infuriating... unless you are having issues of course.Because of the fun I've been having, I can't really downvote the game and recommend it to anyone confident enough in their system performance."
76561198286706964,Not Recommended,403640,33057314,Posted: 30 June,all,Hecate,i love this game so much... but the frame rates kill me... plz fix this... why didn't u guys build this with unreal engine like the previous one?... i hope this gt fixed soon... cuz I love Dishonored so bad...
,Recommended,403640,29103565,Posted: 7 January,all,Colean,"These ""helpful"" comments won't tell the whole truth.I took a risk and did a speedrun to the docks and Karnaca before the 2 hour refund time limit ran out, just to see if the game runs well with 1080p on ultra - and it did!* Everything works like a charm.However I have new and very balanced rig and I'm used to playing 1080p/60fps. The worst framedrop was 58 fps everynow and then.*Actually I forgot to tick the Vsync off, so the real numbers are 1080p/120fps with drops to 100 fps on heavier scenes.*GTX 1080 with i7 6700k on Nvidia Driver 376.33 run from SSD.I hate speedrunning, so now I will start the game from the beginning and edit this review after playing it properly through."
76561198097119623,Recommended,403640,29102886,Posted: 7 January,all,Friend Of The Keizer,I think everyone that has posted a negative review for this game doesn't have a computer that is up to par. My computer runs this game flawlessly at the highest possible settings. I have had absolutely no issue with gameplay. So don't listen to all the salty people.
76561197970332116,Not Recommended,403640,28823172,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,per.christensen,"Crash, crash, trashFirst it crached right after the first intro part, by complelely killing the computer and not just crashingAfter 5 attempts, I followed troubleshooting tips for save games, cloud settings etc. - same problemAMD/GPU driver is newer that required and plays nice with most other games incl. the major titlesUninstalled and reinstalled from scrath - and then I could get past the intro sequences but within 5 min. after gaining control of the character, the game again completely killed the computer - something which indicate graphics releated problems specifically, since not much else have access to the level 0/core of a CPU enought to crash the entire OSTried to run it as admin, add compatibility for Win7 (is Win7x64) , run in window mode - nothing helps. Stats says 6 min. total play time and I've spend hours yesterday and today trying to get my purchased product to do as adverticedSo - a♥♥♥♥♥♥poor launch of a product which seem to have such promising content - unfinished and unresolved by the Arkane studios who had the nerve to release it like this - will avoid their developments after this unacceptable experience - and shame on Bethesda who used to stand for releasing quality products only"
,Recommended,403640,26570306,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,$JustiN SaiyajiN$YourLieInApril,Nice game
76561198081076110,Not Recommended,403640,26539405,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Flibbernaut Hill,Runs like dogshit.... still....
76561198116404623,Not Recommended,403640,26528739,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,LaBestiaMarumba,"Poorly optimized,the game is fun but there is a problem with the frame rateI have a medium pc and it runs other games with stable fps.Its a awesome game,but dont play it until a patch."
76561198146102226,Recommended,403640,27765182,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,MOANA MAN,"I love the first Dishonored. This game is everything I could have wanted it to be and more. I love the graphcal upgrades, the addition of smoother gameplay, and more emphasis on story. This is-- from what I have played of it-- a really great game. However, as many other people on steam have been saying the pc game is a mess. All my frame rates have stayed fairly high-- keep in mind I am running off of an enthusiast grade build-- but my main concern is now the fact then when I launch the game, it moves all my desktop applications from monitor to monitor in a crazy manor and bacially doesn't do anything else. This honestly sucks becuase so far this has been a really good game. I would still recommend it though just maybe in a month or two."
,Recommended,403640,27495415,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Webby,"So 30+ hours in since release and loving this game.  I must admit im at a loss as to these problems others have reported, plays like a dream for me on Ultra.  With any luck though any issues others have will be resolved soon and everyone can fully enjoy this game.So, I started playing as Corvo, after the first great adventure in Dishonored, it just felt right to continue his story (Stealth, Low Chaos).  I will however be playing through a second time as Emily because the game offers up so many options of play.  Many different abilites for so many situations, I feel the game will actually require 3 or 4 play throughs just to enjoy them all.The world itself is breathtaking.  So much detail has been put into this game that to try and describe it here would be doing it a disservice.  You REALLY need to get in there and see and feel it for yourself.  I believe I am only half way through the game, with each mission taking between 4-6 hours (my play style ofc), I am certainly getting my monies worth from this game.  The over all feel to the game really follows on from the first.  With its steampunkesk victorianish look, to that darkness underneath, waiting to be found.  If your someone that enjoys searching all of those little corners, your going to find some nasty things.I honestly cant recommend this game enough.  9/10 easy.TL;DR  Buy it! You wont regret it."
,Recommended,403640,27490387,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Haky,Its nice
76561198022215483,Recommended,403640,27671425,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Haϒdon ✮,10/10 -IGN
,Recommended,403640,28338235,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Kyro,120-150 FPS @ 1440P.  It is playable now! :D So happy! Thank you for hearing our plea and fixing this! :DCPU: Intel Core i7-5960XGPU: Nvidia GTX 1080SSD: Samsung 850 Evo 500GBRAM: G.SKILL Ripjaws 4 DDR4 3000 C15 4x4GBMBD: Asus RAMPAGE V EXTREME
,Recommended,403640,27324221,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,FailDruid,If you loved the first one you are gonna love this one and that happened to me. I didnt have the mouse issues that others have and the performance wasnt bad for me so didnt have much to complain.
76561198138860684,Not Recommended,403640,27589528,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,*ChrisCross*,"if the frame rate issues get resolved then i will totally be all on board for this game, i want this to succeed so please fix it lol"
76561198012299932,Recommended,403640,28496569,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Punch Facefist,"Crouching in the shadows overlooking the Addermire Institution's rear dock, I began to formulate a plan to take out the two guards blocking my escape route. The first guard leans against a low wall, singing to himself while his partner stands watch over the cliff that borders their little outpost.PING!My crossbow bolt sends the helmet of the first guard sailing through the air.""Someone tried to shoot me! good thing I was wearing m-""The guard's life ends shortly after my second bolt reaches its target. I prepare to deal with the second guard, who is just beginning to realize that something went wrong while his back was turned. I take aim with my crossbow as the guard turns around to face his partner's lifeless body. Clearly startled, he jumps back in surprise......and straight off the cliff behind him. Peering over the edge, I am met with the sight of the second guard just as he meets the unforgiving stone below. I watch the spark of life leave the unfortunate man's eyes with a satisfying crunch somewhat reminiscent of the sound of toasted walnuts cracking apart.I love walnuts."
76561198068064793,Recommended,403640,27914862,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Your Saviour,Amazing
76561197990236539,Not Recommended,403640,28209655,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Graculus,Literally unplayable. Patches make the game unable to launch.
,Not Recommended,403640,26514125,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Huntermain_,"As of right now, I have not even completed the first mission as I am getting severe lag spikes on medium. I have set my prerendered frames down to 1 and locked my FPS and I cannot stay at 60. This is unacceptable. I am going to be refunding this game and will buy again once this is fixed. If it is even fixed. Absolutely astounding how companies are getting away with this still.Specs for those curiousi7 5820KGTX 97016 GBs of RAM"
,Not Recommended,403640,31203876,Posted: 17 April,all,"Vlad, not a vampire","sub par in every way (visuals, performance, storytelling, gameplay, level design, ...)  to Dishonored 1It's not bad but it's nothing compared to D1."
76561198051189783,Not Recommended,403640,26664292,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Volxander,"TL;DR DO NOT BUY UNTIL PATCH FIXES GAMEPosting this since it seems the problem isn't fixed with this betapatch. Don't buy this game until it's fully patched. Don't buy it saying 'oh, the patch won't take that long to make' or 'It's Dishonored 2, even unplayable will be better than nothing!' don't. I've had this game for a -week- now, since it came out, and I can't even get to the title screen! It's not my computer, my computer meets the standard needed to play this game, it's the -game-. So! Do not get this game on PC, don't even get it for consol, the game should be boycotted until Bethesda makes a patch that'll make the game able to be played by -everyone- and not just the people that got the game for their console."
,Recommended,403640,26735443,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,wicketman8,"Let me start with a disclaimer: I am running this game on slightly below reccomended specs, but above minimum. That being said, I have had few problems running this game. In one section of the game I had it crash twice, but haven't had any other difficulties besides that. I personally have not experienced any major drops in framerate or have it ever go below 30fps, generally it holds around 40-50.All technical aspects aside, this game is really good, from what I've played so far. Based on the locations section of the journal, I'd say I'm roughly halfway through the game right now, unless it picks up speed toward the end. The game is incredible so far, an improvement in almost every way over the original. Some highlights:Emily's new powers - Between Mesmer, Domino, and the unique ways you can use Far Reach, I've had a lot of fun taking out enemies with Emily's powers. I haven't even scratched the surface of the powers though, never having used Shadow Walk, or Doppleganger. Plus there's the bonecharm crafting system I have yet to really get into, and the other enhancemnets that are passive bonuses.Level design - These levels feel even more vertical than ones before, giving a wide range of options on how to get around in the levels.Non-lethal options - Between chloroform bottles and non-lethal options in combat, going non-lethal assault is more viable than previously. The non-lethal drop assassinations, as well as mid combat chokes make the combat feel more fluid if you're going for this approach.TL;DR - Personally, I've had no problems with the technical aspect, though that doesn't mean they don't exist, and in terms of gameplay its an improvement on the orignal in every way."
,Recommended,403640,26751234,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,ϩcorchedEΨsØn#SneakyBeakyLike,"This game is truly a worthy successor to the previous title of this franchise.Unfortunately, there are many that aren't able to experience the game for themselves. The game runs well on my machine, and for others, a messy slideshow, or it just doesn't run, and I wish it wasn't so.The game does not deserve to be hated, the people who developed the PC version of this game, however do."
,Recommended,403640,26763814,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,EU sucks,"Fantastic game.The only reason it has so many negative reviews is that it used to have performance issues which are now fixed.[h2]Cons[/h2]A small letdown that some scenes was way better in the previous game, for examplewhen you wake up and get your powersPoor engine at timesDoesn't build much on the first gamePretty obvious what's gonna happen in major story events at timesGuards spot you super-easily, making stealth a bit annoyingGuards get really alert and won't stop looking for you for quite a while by even just throwing a bottle, something that is upposed to let you distract someone instead of making you being hunted down by guards for an hour[h2]Pros[/h2]Fleshed out levels with different pathsYou can play how you want whether it is to assault and kill everyone, sneak past everyone, assasinate everyone, run through fast or a combination of them.Some really unique levels like theClockwork mansionNew cool powers (as long as you play as Emily)A Bonecharm crafting systemUpgradable powersThere are more cons and pros of course, but I can't come up with anymore right now.[h2]Conclusion[/h2]In my opinion this game is definatly worth buying and a must-play if you get it for free through family-sharing or other means."
,Recommended,403640,27062171,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,火XII-SMOOKEY-IIX煙,This game is amazing and it offers more gameplay than the previous one but it has some drop frames problems that needs to be fixed
76561197966314504,Not Recommended,403640,26514115,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Bert Schmert,"Played the first one and loved its polish.  This game has choppy movement and mouse movement, inconsistent performance hangups even on low settings on a good rig...its a problem with the engine and lack of optimization.  They may be able to optimize the game and fix some of these problems, but the engine itself has inconsistency issues with movement of character and mouse that make it not worth the $60."
,Not Recommended,403640,26693321,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Dj Stank Dick,"Would be fun if it weren't broken as hell, and I can't get a refund. Last time I purchase something through steam."
,Recommended,403640,26742930,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Plattsy,"""By the stars! This is more exciting than any orgy I've ever attended!"" Duke Luca AbeleSome people haven't been able to play this which sucks, but for me I have been having a great time with this! Easily rivals its predecessor."
,Recommended,403640,26965688,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Oris,"I've played the Dishonored 2 once so far as Corvo. I've not had any of the graphical issues some people run into and have been absolutely loving this game. There are great missions and tons of ways to do them. The voicing for the chracters, in my opinion, is nice and well done. It feels like the first game which makes it really easy to want to play. The new powers are fun the art is great and the story is good. Definitely recommend the game! Especially if you played/loved the first"
76561198044098638,Recommended,403640,26696099,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Crazy Noomi,"Framerate died. Beta Patch came out, framerate revived. Can gather for whiskey & cigars in 60fps now."
,Recommended,403640,26743163,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,AussieBDog,"Upto mission 4 at the moment and really enjoying the game. Performance has been a non issue. Averaging around the 55 to 60 fps on 'Very High"" quality preset, and quite content on playing the game at this quality. Graphic quality is more than accpeticle for me at this level and havent experienced any mouse lag or crashes. Looking forward to finishing the rest of the game.PC- i7-4770, GTX1080, 32GBram"
76561197984309358,Recommended,403640,26756380,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,MagikMan74,"5 year old i7-2600 with 8GB ram and a GTX 970, game installed on a 7200 RPM platter drive, running on ultra and I rarely dipped below 40 fps. Generally I stuck at 60. So much so that I'm betting it's locked to that, except that on the between chapter ""videos"" it'd hit 130-170fps. Everyone complaining about really bad framerates (sub 30fps) on ""overpowered computers"" need to seriously figure out what's wrong with their machines. Now, I'm not saying this port, because yeah it is one, is without flaws. When it did dip below 40, it would bottom out at near 5fps and stick there for a few seconds. However, this only happened maybe 5 times in the 19 hours I played the game. The graphics aren't as polished as any of the pre-release videos showed, but I was only running on ultra and there is a setting higher than that, and of course they're going to enhance anything they show about the game before they release it. I haven't reloaded it since the latest patch, so I haven't experienced any of the ""enhancements""."
76561198046899432,Recommended,403640,26763923,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Bubbly Glass Ball,"The game is great, and is all around a wonderful sequel to the first game. If you are thinking of buying it, though, please check other reviews and look around online to make sure you will be able to run it (even if you are above the recommended hardware). There have been a lot of performance issues, but a recent patch has apparently fixed a lot of them (not all). Personally, I have been running the game consistently around 30 fps, even before the patch, with a gtx 960m, which is actually slightly below the minimum requirements, but there are plenty of people with high-end cards that were getting as low as 15 fps."
76561198257457094,Not Recommended,403640,26522943,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,"Awesome Profilename, Bitchez","Let me cough and spit out my phlegm and scratch a lichen on my bald spot while telling you about times long past and forgotten.*I blankly stare with my milky eyes at nowhere*When I was young... Looooong, looooooooong time ago... like in 2004 or 2005... we didn't have to deal with this s**t... when a game came out it would be totally playable from a day one, with no exceptions... and believe it or not but games didn't require a monster PC to play on medium setting - no one could imagine such BS - if you had like a 100-120$ gpu you could play ALL games at high settings at least... ahem... my old 9600 lasted for like 3 years and I'd NEVER felt a need in more powerful gpu... if someone told me that I'd buy a 400$ gpu and it would underperform in some games I'd tell them to stop being ridiculous. Had I known that it'd come to this, I'd never bothered building a good PC.So in all seriousness I don't recommend the game even after 1.2 patch - yes, it runs better (still far from perfect though) but only due to severely downgraded graphics, it really looked much better on the release day - so I urge you to ignore this game until they sort their s**t out and fix the game, if it's even possible. Seriously, it's a botched job and buying the game you support this s**tty business model of releasing half done games - it's simply stealing from us, we shouldn't pay money for this c*ap.Old review:I can't believe the nerve these guys have releasing the game in that condition.Seriously, all the complaints about performance are all too true - it runs poorly even on medium settings - I don't have an insane rig but it's a quite solid build and I get 120-ish FPS in DOOM on mixed high/ultra settings, 80-ish on all ultra in the latest Deus Ex and 90-ish in ROTR (ultra settings again) but this mess can hardly run at 60 FPS on medium settings.You can downvote this review as much as you want - I don't give a sh*t - you go and buy a 1000+ dollar build, preorder a game and get a mess that can't run on medium settings - we'll see how much YOU will like it.The game is broken and that's that - it's plain unacceptable to release a game in this state.Moreover, the game feels kinda lazy - like a carbon copy of the first game so I'm completely turned off by the game right now and I'm issuing a refund and advise you to do the same."
,Recommended,403640,26543972,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Cottondog,"I actually pre-ordered this on November 11th when this first came out and left a first-impression review. Now it has been two months later and feel I should update my review. I played through this game both as Corvo the first time then as Emily. Each playthrough had a slightly different story. While playing Dishonored 2, I thought that this was as good as the first Dishonored (and even better at times). The story in Dishonored 2 is great and I just love the game world. It is very refreshing and has an awesome atmosphere. I would say Dishonored 2 is worth getting and you will have a lot of fun playing it and you will like it if you were a fan of the first Dishonored or looking to try this out- I think you should try this out. As far as how the game works- Dishonored 2 runs very smoothly on my system. Yes, there was a lot of talk about this game being poorly-optimized, but it seems like that is fixed now as I'm getting 50-60 FPS all the way through the game with my system (CPU: AMD FX-8350 Black Edition, GPU: XFX Radeon 390 Black Editon and 16 GB DDR3 1866 memory). I haven't experienced any performance issues while playing this game. Overall, I would give this a 10/10 and had a lot of fun playing this. I think this is a good contender for the 2016 GOTY."
,Not Recommended,403640,26570556,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Thomas,My specs are better than the minimum but the game still runs like dog♥♥♥♥♥♥on absolute min settings. Very frustrating
76561198074524992,Recommended,403640,26696035,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Devil Han-core,"A brief note before I start is that I managed to not get any terrible performance issues, so my experience was much better than some.Dishonored is one of my favourite games, and Arkane's sequel is, in my opinion, a worthy successor. Storywise, it sees you cast from Dunwall Tower by a witch claiming to be the rightful heir to the throne, and you venture to Karnaca, the capital of Serkonos to learn how to kill this witch and retake the throne.PROS- This game has an excellent atmosphere, with Karnaca being much more colourful than Dunwall, yet still just as dark behind the scenes. The city is overrun by a severe bloodfly infestation and the Grand Guard have been given free reign to make the lives of the citizens painful, and sometimes lethal.-The lore is just as rich as the first game, with books galore to collect and read, and more to be found in conversation and audiographs.-The heart has a much better way of telling you about the people of the world, and I often use it as the judge of whether or not a guard gets a blade in the neck.-The voice actors for Corvo and Emily are great, as each will speak of the world in a different way, as Karnaca is Corvo's home, he sometimes reminices of his childhood in Serkonos, and Emily, having never left Dunwall talks in a bewilderment about how it differs to Dunwall.-The combat is tight and responsive, and the addition of the reflex powers make it even more fun to murder unassuming guardsmen.-Upgrading existing powers and Emily's new ones are all great to mess around with. Corvo is still as stupidly powerful as he was in the first game with Bend Time, and Emily's powers are also a force to be reckoned with, as Domino, Shadow Walk, Doppleganger and Mesmerise make it easy to carve people into bloody bits, or sneak through.-Enemy AI is greatly improved, as officers have different attack patterns, but best of all... enemies can look up to see you above them, so it's not as easy to just crouch a head above someone and remain undetected.-I found myself hating most of the people I was sent to kill just as much as the first game, save for Doctor Hypatia, as the rest are all vile people, who in the words of Samuel Beechworth, bless his soul ""deserve their fates more than anyone else"".-The inclusions of Bonecharm crafting, more bonecharms and the extremely powerful Black Bonecharms gives more freedom of playstyle, though I'm sad that Strong Arms isn't as useful as it was in the first game.-The inclusion of some Characters from the first game and it's DLC are great, and don't feel fan-servicey in the slightest, like Sokolov and *Not going to reveal because spoilers"" and really do the game justice.-A crack in the slab is one of the most memorable stand alone missions in recent memory, as the game pits you against a mansion, abandonned years ago, and over run by bloodflies, and cared for by their unfortunate Nest Keepers. The twist is that your powers are locked, and to successfully navigate the mansion, you must use a timepiece given to you by the outsider to move backwards and forwards in time, but in the past, you are in the midst of a heavily guarded Soirée. This makes for a great deal of pain, yet joy when you crack it without being seen. (I already beat the game without being detected)CONS-The widespread graphical issues, primarily frame drops can really take you out of the otherwise fantastically immersive world.-The story doesn't make you figure much out for yourself, save for slowly letting you figure out the identity of *not revealing because spoilers* and most of the game's story is fed to you via expositionary speeches by Corvo and Emily at the start of each mission, and sometimes the two assassins will say things so stupidly obvious that it didn't deserve to be their.-The difficulty doesn't really increase after Jindosh's Mansion (not counting ""A Crack in the Slab"") as the Clockworks are the most threatening hostiles, but are rarely seen again after that mission.-Having a perk to have the same effect on multiple bonecharms led me to assume that they could be stacked, but no. It's still understandable, as it would be silly tostack swift shadow four times and move faster in stealth than when sprinting.-The payoff is slightly disappointing, but alas, DLC aho!-THERE IS ABSOLUTELY NO MENTION OF WHISKEY AND CIGARS ANYWHERE 0/10 TRASH GAMEAs a fan of the first game I would recommend this to anyone who enjoyed the first installment, HOWEVER, this is a tenative recommendation, as the performance issues could hinder your experience greatly, and if that's a turnoff for you, wait till Arkane have fixed it."
,Not Recommended,403640,26622615,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,AndyTheBomb,"the game jumps from 144+ to sub 60  on low at 1080p on a windows7, gtx980,  i7, SSD rig.That would be playable but the game has negative mouse aceleration and the sensitivity is tied to your frame rate.Seems like they tried to emulate a control stick via the mouse.Its just unplayable.https://vid.me/9ZJehttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xfxCm6Rrm9w"
,Not Recommended,403640,28183992,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Zpm,The Game  is oke.For me i did not like the story.SAVE everytimes you are at a new mission / level - biggest tip i can give you
,Not Recommended,403640,28149916,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,chaoszan,"- game looks terribly blurry on any graphics setting ( even on ultra )- not very well optimized at all , sometimes you will have 60+fps other times its like 20fps- sometimes there are white blocks in between textures and objectsi really wanted to play and enjoy this game , but sadly i cannot ."
,Not Recommended,403640,26600222,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,PLEB | Guv'ner,"Don't buy until sale or more patchesWait until they patch, FPS drops and mouse controls feel like your drunk.EDIT for patch 1.2 :Finally can reach a decent framerate, but not stable in the slightestBetter mouse controlsEDIT for  1.1 beta patch:Slighty better fps but still not enjoyable to playMouse controls still feel the sameSTILLHoping and praying that they fix it, because at the moment I would rather play the first one."
76561198237175168,Recommended,403640,28427956,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,The Real Borat,"This game doesnt get the credit it deservesProsfun dynamic gameplaylots of replayability for different play typesunique powers and feel like they belongbeautiful enviromentsconscould run better, but just scale down the shaders, it will run at 60 fps and i dont have a beastly pc'a lot of the reviews of how the game doesnt run well are pre patch, and those reviews are killing this game."
76561198120240796,Not Recommended,403640,26521800,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,ANII,so laggy game so i kinda refund it dont enjoy the game much
,Not Recommended,403640,29497208,Posted: 25 January,all,Nocte,"I more than meet the graphic requirements for this game, yet I barely average thirty frames per second. These performance issues are downright ruining what could be an amazing game. Refunded, hopefully it gets fixed soon."
,Recommended,403640,27340081,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,straechav,"First of all, I admit there are some technical issues with the game, but they are in no way game-breaking or should keep you from buying it. Especially since Steam offers you the ability to refund. Basically; buy the game, and see if it runs on your computer and refund it if it doesn't. Just don't play more than few hours. This is being helped by the fact that the game has a curious feature that some of the lowest framerates you'll experience are fairly early on, especially once you land in Karnacka.But before you jump on the hate-train, do try to keep perspective and lower your graphics settings. The game actually looks like Dishonored 1 with crappier textures but better lighting on ""all low"" preset.That said, the game is truly brilliant. The marriage of level design and art direction is beyond any other game, ever. The level design is among the top ten, ever. The game feels exactly like a Dishonored game, but with better story and characters (and characterization especially). Which, if you've played the previous title, shouldn't be a much of a reach, so it's not really saying much.So I am not saying it is brilliant. What I am doing is damning it with faint praise.While the previous game is amazing, the characterization of the NPC was for the most part fairly minimal and bland. The story was straightforward and not very nuanced or interesting. In this, you actually get right from the get-go a sense of depth and narrative focus that the first one didn't have; it's still not the best game narrative, but it does its job and you can tell they actually tried this time around.Furthermore, the use of the voice actor from original Thief series as the voice of Corvo was brilliant stroke. It gives me this cuddly feeling of nostalgia, while still enjoying something modern and beautiful.The ""sunny"" Serkonos might be sunny and warm, but it is warm and rotting in the inside, just like those dead whales with their serrated teeth beached on the docks. The game is soaked in atmosphere and lore, just like the first game, and when the FPS is above 30 the feel of the movement is just as good.Basically this is almost perfect game, except for the technical issues with FPS that some people have. I was content with 30fps on GTX 680 at 1440p, and I am content with 60fps at 1440p with my new GTX 1070. Although if you use a certain tool in one mission it takes about 30% off from your FPS, but once you see the tool and what it does, you'll totally understand why and if you have any sense you possibly can't begrudge the game for it. It's literally doing twice the job.----Finally as an afterthough, there have been some vague literary'ish critique of the game being more ""reactive"" than ""proactive"" in characters compared to Thief (original series) which is interesting comparison, as Thief is worse in every other way than story (you can play this game without powers too, as you have the option to refuse the powers, so...), even though I love the old game/series. But I am not blinded by nostalgia like many Thief fans (or gamers in general, to be honest).I think  the criticism is valid, but only if you don't want to use too much thought about the reasons. The sad fact is that Dishonored chose ""royal"" people as their main characters, and this unfortunately means that they can only ""react"" to things - because if they were ""proactive"" they'd never have to do the whole sneaking part and going to the slums. They'd just rule from the throne.In that way Dishonored did the cardinal sin of (especially Fantasy) literature where you cast your main character as a ""prince"" (or equivalent) and now you need to find a some plausible reason for that person to actually swing the sword around instead of ordering guards to do it. I hope that future Dishonored games will NOT feature the Royal family of any sort, so they can stay away from such limitations.That's all I am saying about that (fairly useless) critique."
76561198065348484,Not Recommended,403640,28644752,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Revelation,Game is still choppy not worth the money till it is patched.
,Not Recommended,403640,31266425,Posted: 20 April,all,Kyle7700k,"I'm going to be as honest as I have ever been with this review, because it's one of the few games I've played with a fairly weak storyline that didn't leave me satisfied.I'm going to try to do this as spoiler-free as humanly possible so don't worry.The ""Outsider"" in this game's voice has changed drastically and sounds beyond corny, compared to it's fantastic predecessor. It may not sound like a big deal, but it certainly was to me, he isn't as intruiging as the one from the original Dishonored and actually made me want to skip some of his cut-scenes, which never happened on the first.The game as far as function goes is fine, lot's of cool new features and weapons. I know I have heard of serious performance problems and have even witnessed it on my old computer with an i5 and GTX 750 Ti, which ran this game like dog♥♥♥♥♥♥ My current computer can handle this like a dream of course, given it has an i7 and a GTX 1080. So be aware of this if your computer is not all that beafy. (Although I must admit, the graphics dont seem that great for it being such a difficult game to run, even on Ultra settings like I played it on)The story can be summed up in one word that I've experienced with Fallout 4, Dissapointment. Storyline is fine if you look at it with no expectations, but Dishonored 1 was if not the one of the best games I have ever played in terms or storyline and choice. This story certainly did not live up to those expectations, which is fair given the second game of a series rarely beats the first, but still worth saying.Furthermore, you can play this game without killing anyone or anything like that in hopes for a better ending, which I did. It was stressful, anger-inducing, and completely boring half of the time, and the ending DID NOT make up for that, which greatly♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off and leads me to my final verdict.This game is not bad, despite it not living up to my expectations and all. I feel more effort on cutscenes and endings is all this game needed, but it does not have that unfortunately.Do not buy this game expecting a worthy successor to the first Dishonored, because you won't get it. Don't buy this game if you haven't played dishonored 1, because you wont understand the storyline at all.Get this game to say you have experienced it and not to leave yourself hanging and wondering ""It can't be that bad"". I know people dont listen to bad reviews if it's still something they want to play.All I am saying is dont approach this game with high expectations, you will be genuinely dissapointed.5.5/10"
76561198009232845,Recommended,403640,28244360,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,YxolloxY,"Loved every second of the game, did a single, exhaustive exploration playthrough as emily which took me way longer than it should have I suppose, but i just had to choke the whole damned world out, currently on a corvo, kill everything that moves and then shoot it some more  run.Performance wise I suppose I've been lucky, I don't have the cream of the crop pc wise anymore (still a gtx970 FTW+, 16GB ram and an i7 4790K). Didn's really notice any framerate drops and just a very occasional stutter. The beta patch tried ""recommend"" low settings for my hardware, however I managed to basicly crank everything back up to high without any real performance issues."
,Recommended,403640,30996781,Posted: 7 April,all,aceforall82,"So lots of people saying it has bad performance and not recommending the game. I am able to run high/very high with Ambient Occlusion and high texture filtering (on a Laptop!) at 30-50 fps and no real issues.I loved Dishonored, and almost didnt get this one because of the reviews. Ran the first 2 areas and it all seemed fine. I will post more as I get into the game more.My Sytem:MSI GE72 Apache ProI7 5th Gen, 16GB Ram, Nvidia 960m, Sata HDD (not solid state)."
,Not Recommended,403640,33198534,Posted: 3 July,all,mafi,"Good concept, like the new ideas and♥♥♥♥♥♥and Emilys powers are really cool especially shadow walk. Bad delivery, enemies sometimes spot me through walls, jump assassinating sometimes doesn't work and ends with you just awkwardly falling down and slashing the enemy, and framerate drops. If you can get through some of the bugs it's a pretty cool game. For me it was just too obvious. The first game was good tho."
,Recommended,403640,33709712,Posted: 21 July,all,Dangus Wangus,"not as good as the first dishonored, especially performance wise, but still pretty good.8/10"
,Recommended,403640,26528909,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Lamark,"First of all if you have plan A & plan B, and then you find out there is plan C and maybe plan D ......   How manny times you can sneak in or walk in or fly in or swim in  or blink itn or possessed somebody or something and craw in...All possible scenarios ...  play it and replay itGame is great and I recomend it all of you"
,Recommended,403640,29728335,Posted: 5 February,all,あRabbitR,I get about 10 fps on all settings very low but other than that...it good.
,Not Recommended,403640,28258102,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Phishing Master's Taco Box,"Really bad optimization. Don't believe theMinimum System Requirement. You actually need at least Nvidia GTX 970 to run this game.I tried to run it on my desktop which has a GTX 770, it was like running on a toaster."
,Recommended,403640,34789662,Posted: 7 September,all,Heavy Crusher ▁ ▂ ▃ ▄,Well Done Game
76561198073212254,Not Recommended,403640,26557706,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,GreenBob,"poor optmization, blah, blah, blah... you get it107032g rami-5 skylakeprosmany ways to complete objectives, that match any playstyle,combat is fluid sometimes graceful, most times messy.new and interesting skills to play withart style and gritty, beautiful atmosphere still intactthe heart has more information to reveal about plot charactersyou get some insight into the void and more personal backround on the outsiderconsweak storyline, its essentially a rehashed version of number one nothing original to be had.stealth can be down right buggy, esspecailly on higher difficulty at timesbone charms effects are randomly generated. and unfortunantly, most of them are combat oriented. and not being garunteed any that match your playstyle, while not detrimental makes the whole system seem useless at points and can get a bit grindy knowing your just going to fetch these items that will be more or less useless to you, (i found one that regenerates your mana underwater, downright worthless time spent getting it and ive found more equally stupid ones)doing a pacifist run is impossible due to kills showing up on mission recaps on missions 5 and 6 regardless of having not killed anything.even if youre lucky enough to not have performance issues, alot of your time is going to be wasted by trying to cheese in game bugs, theres no new game plus, and for a game that boasts re-playablitiy you know theyre going to add the feature in a dlc pack, so i would just use a cheat engine if i cared to play this game agian.extra stuffvoice acting is really good, although while the characters are mostly new , due to the re-ran storyline they all seem dully familiar, and outside of the actual missions dont have much to add to the overall experience.there are some really cool lore friendly in game songs , sung via npcs while wandering the streets, that sound good and are very catchy.a decent amount of collectibles to  be had if thats your thing.some levels were superb with the design and the way you solved how to navigate them, i wish it was a running theme to give every level its own complexities however 90% of the missions fall back onto everything weve seen before, now this isnt a real critisism but just an annoyance."
,Recommended,403640,28758155,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,HP 5,"I just started to play again ,New game plus is amazing :)"
76561198276355977,Recommended,403640,29213782,Posted: 12 January,all,sd_wrathchild,Just finished the game.  Great sequel to the original.  More vast enemies to fight and a good storyline.  I played as Emily the first time around and will play as Corvo the second time through.  Highly recommend!
,Recommended,403640,28766511,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Yung_Tabasco,"*walks into house**sees bloodfly hive**nopes the ♥♥♥♥ out of the house*In all seriousness, this is an amazing game. There are multiple ways you can play each level of the game, so there is a ton of replayability. I recommend playing it stealthfully without killing anyone, it is a great expreience.Performance wise, my PC is able to run this game at around 72-140fps on max settings (depending on the enviroment im in).PC SPECS:Processor: i7 6700K @ 4.0GhzGraphics Card: ASUS Strix 1070 OC EditionRAM: 16GB of DDR4 G.SKILL RipjawsMotherboard: ASUS Z170-A"
,Not Recommended,403640,32999740,Posted: 29 June,all,sTroovE,-be me-buy dishonored 2 for pc-runs like♥♥♥♥♥♥-lower settings-game looks ♥♥♥♥ing gross-still runs like♥♥♥♥♥♥-refund
,Recommended,403640,30107806,Posted: 22 February,all,Egglord,It's a good game Brent
,Recommended,403640,29577558,Posted: 29 January,all,WeirdPumpkin,"Fun, solid stealth game. Performance issues are much, much better than they were, and there's a new patch coming with further optimizations and customizable difficulty.The plot's not much to right home about truthfully, but it also wasn't in the first game! If you like stealth games, you'll really enjoy this one."
76561198034740265,Recommended,403640,30222007,Posted: 27 February,all,Bizarro lexilogo,"I've played the first several times. I've given this game a total of 1 playthrough so far as Corvo, Low Chaos stealth- I'll probably do an Emily run sometime when I feel like it. My thoughts:IMO, the story is quite a bit worse than the original Dishonored. The original Dishonored had an absolutely excellent plot despite the anticlimax ending- But this game's ending wasn't even an anticlimax, because there was no tension through which to climax. The worldbuilding as always is well-done, though obviously the excitement and confusion of discovering Dishonored's world has worn off by now, but the actual story is seriously weak. The characters aren't done as well as the original largely due to the hub area, as the original Dishonored had dozens of conversations between characters you could eavesdrop on, chuckling to yourself as Emily pesters Havelock about if he's ever seen a whale- In this game the hub has a grand total of two characters aside yourself on it, (potentially 3 at one point in the game, though your 3rd character is a guest who will leave and her appearance depends on your decisions.) and they barely move at all and to my knowledge don't talk to one another and simply talk to you. What I learnt about them was in large part what the game told me. I didn't thinkMeagan Fosterwas particularly secretive until the game told me Corvo thinks she's being secretive. Dishonored 1 didn't tell me Pendleton was struggling with alcohol after I eliminated his brothers- I saw Pendleton drinking alcohol onwards after he gave me the order to eliminate his brothers, and Wallace hinted at Pendleton not taking it well a few times in optional dialogue. That's it. Or Emily being Corvo's daughter, or The Heart being Jessamine's soul- I appreciate the story in 2 kind of had to give those details away for the purposes of the plot, but there's no equivalent in 2. There's no minor details to unravel or appreciate, there's no motive to play the game several times for the purposes of realizing subtext, there's jack♥♥♥♥♥♥♥This kinda goes with the story, but the pacing is off with the story as well. Dishonored was a fairly traditional 3-act story- It bolloxed up the 3rd act, but the 1st and 2nd were excellently done. Dishonored 2 is ALL 1st act, pretty much. You need to get rid of the villain, so you need to take down the villain's allies. The closest thing to a twist or turn in the story is discovering the villain has an ally or two you didn't initially know about. Now, I'm not saying videogames NEED a 3-act structure or twists and turns. In fact, 3-act structures probably aren't the best way to tell stories in videogames- We're still figuring that out. However, the reason the 3-act structure exists is because it's an effective model for creating character development, tension, and a climax in a story, which are all ingredients for a good story. Dishonored 2 has very minor amounts of character development, no tension, and no climax, which is why the story fails.The levels are absolutely drop-dead amazing. My favourite part about Dishonored 2 is that there is no generic level, especially because many of them have unique level mechanics. Every single level is unique and a joy to play. To name just one example (I will keep plot details totally vague, I'm only describing things from a game mechanics perspective):You need to get into a specific location, but the only way in requires you to solve a puzzle to open the door to that place. This puzzle is ridiculously hard and has RNG elements to ensure the solution isn't always the same, but CAN be solved if you're smart enough to figure it out. Alternatively, you can get help with the puzzle. The area has 2 factions fighting over it, both of whom present different moralities. Either of these factions will be willing to help you find the puzzle's solution, provided you eliminate the other faction's leader (there are lethal/nonlethal options to eliminate both of them)- Which faction you help will likely determine who ends up ruling the entire area in future, so this decision is an important one. Alternatively, you could discover the solution from the factions yourself without getting involved with them- You see, a member of one of the factions has figured out the puzzle and noted the solution down in his room, BUT the key to his room is being held by the other faction- Steal the key and break into the room, and you can get the code without defeating either faction. On top of all that, each faction is unique in their combat styles and combat abilities, making each a unique challenge to take down if that's the route you want. You can side with none of them, solve the puzzle yourself, side with either or even take both of them down. And believe it or not, this was far from my favourite level, and it's still THIS complicated and THIS unique.The mechanics are even more refined. Being able to pick between Corvo and Emily is a big change that adds a ton of replay value, and new features such as Bonecharm Crafting add a lot to the game. If I have one complaint it's that Stop Time is still pretty overpowered and Bonecharm Crafting makes it even worse- In a single playthrough, I stacked the bonecharm effect that allows you to recover mana from drinking water. Which gives me infinite mana and therefore infinite Stop Time uses, pretty much killing the game's difficulty in its tracks. However, exploiting the powers' OP combinations is honestly half the fun of the Dishonored games so I'm not too angry.Money's not AS useless for a ghost + nonlethal run as it was in Dishonored 1 but it's still pretty useless. I'm not going to act like I got every blueprint but I easily had enough money to buy basically every upgrade by the end of the game, and most of the upgrades are still only useful if you're going high chaos. The fact that you can also rob black markets now makes it insanely easy to get huge amounts of money. I'm not going to act like robbing the black markets is incredibly easy (though it doesn't require much skill, it's basically just map exploration), but the fact that you don't need to spend money on consumables as long as you rob Black Markets makes things even more of a joke spending-wise. ""Favors"" do make a return from Knife Of Dunwall/Brigmore Witches as items you can buy in the Black Market, but they still work even if you steal them, and they're pretty cheap anyway. Runes are way better balanced now thanks to a wider range of upgrades- I got almost every rune in the game and still felt like I could use more by the end of the game despite the fact I was doing a stealth run.New Game+ and No Powers mode very clearly show Arkane understand what the fans wanted.Bloodflies are an excellent replacement for the plague rats as a mechanic. They're very territorial but satisfying to take out, and the fact that they're not easily defeated by standing on top of a table is a big plus.I'm not a fan of the Outsider's new look/voice. The guy sounds too young now IMO, and his constant teleporting behind me while I'm trying to talk to that ♥♥♥♥er is very, very obnoxious. Can't he just stand still, for the Void's sake? Or at least walk?Story-wise, I think it's a downgrade from the original Dishonored in every aspect. Gameplay-wise, I think it's an upgrade in every aspect, hence why I recommend it. It's a shame that the writers dropped the ball on this one, but I think everyone else put a ♥♥♥♥ton of work into this game and it's a good final product."
76561198126684527,Recommended,403640,28205482,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,younglooch,"So I typically don't write reviews for games, but I'm making an exception for Dishonored 2.I didn't play this game at launch so I can't speak to the various technical issues people were experiencing then (and are apparently still experiencing).  The reviews almost put me off from buying the game, but with the early sale I figured I'd pick it up and play it when they were all resolved.After picking it up I decided to see how bad the issues were.  I typically run things in 1440p (when I can) but decided to leave this in 1080p to try and offset any issues.  As a player who doesn't overanalyze every detail of things I can honestly say I played this game beginning to end and didn't notice a single issue.  Nothing slowed down...nothing glitched.  The game did crash 3 times while I was playing it but the autosave feature was pretty good about letting me jump right back in.  I know people are still experiencing flaws but I'm writing this for the people like me who just want to play the game and are put off because of all the negative reviews.I'm running a GTX 970, 16gb of ram, and an i5-4690k on Windows 10.   I did upgrade to the latest driver from nvidia (376.09 at the time of writing this).I'm not suggesting other people aren't experiencing problems and I'm not in anyway defending all the titles (dishonored 2 included) which have come out half baked or haven't been tested properly.  I'm simply saying I played this game beginning to end and did not experience any issues other than a few crashes.  So for those who may be hesitating to pull the trigger because of all the reviews...give it a shot.  Worst case you can always return it."
,Recommended,403640,27631311,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,*MetalMonkey - MetalMonkeyCS.com,"This is a good followup game on Dishonored. I always enjoyed playing the first game, but this brings everything to the next level. This game is one of the games that i don't want to stop playing before i finished it completely.I do think this game needs a fix though, but that is expected since it's such a new game. The game are lagging a little once in a while, but doesn't bother me too much."
,Recommended,403640,30946464,Posted: 4 April,all,[E]asyyy,If you love the first dishonored you need to play this game! Just think about playing as Emily Kaldwin herself!
76561198032067723,Not Recommended,403640,29365933,Posted: 19 January,all,Als Timer,Purchased the game in Dec 2016.  Have not been able to play because of constant crashing to desktop.  Still no update!
76561198282024484,Not Recommended,403640,26520977,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,MJET666,YEA NO REVIEW COPIES SHOULD HAVE TOLD ME TO STAY AWAY BUT WHEN YOUR ON VACATION YOU WANT TO HAVE SOME FUN.. TO BAD THIS GAME COULD HAV  BE FUN IF ONLY SOMEBODY OPTIMIZED IT WHAT A JOKE THIS IS HOW CAN THEY SELL IT IF GUYS WITH SUPERMAN  RIGS CANT GET 1080P 60FPS  WHAT A F---- CASH GRAB BETHESDAWILL CHANGE MY REVIEW IF THEY FIX AND UPDATE THIS MESSRUNNINGI7 6700K   GTX980TI   16GB RAM 500GB SSD
76561198080241579,Not Recommended,403640,26532590,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Whatever,"I'm one hour into the game and this is not a final verdict. I will update this review when I finish the game. What I've noticed so far from the first two missions is that the game has changed in some ways, some good and some bad.I'd say that the things that have improved the most are your tactical options. There are more powers, passive abilities, items, and more depth to resource management. Two different characters with very different abilities, however only slightly different play styles. There is also more detailed information on mission completion which allows for better decision making when replaying missions.Graphics wise, they are good, although not the best in the gaming industry these days. Architecture is outstanding as always. The game is, however, poorly optimized, and there is a minor unresponsiveness to actions like crouching and sliding, but I suspect this could be tied to the performance issues. I'm playing on a 970 GTX with Intel i5 processor 3GHz and 8 GB RAM.Plot is good, although not as good as the one of first game. I think the plot from the first game was more believable and better paced. Minor spoiler:I mean, some unknown witch walks in and suddenly she's the new empress? Is the abbey of the everyman so incompetent? Why didn't Emily do anything to investigate such an obvious conspiracy as the ongoing one where she was being framed for murders long before the game started? Did our characters learn nothing from the first game?The worst thing that called my attention, however, is that the level design doesn't feel as well thought as before. I think they could have really done a better job here. I noticed the difference right from the very first minute. Minor spoiler:I mean, you start locked up just like in the first game, but escaping confinement seemed a LOT more exciting back then. What are the odds that you would be locked up with such an obvious escape route like that balcony?This surely hurts immersion. Besides, money now is more spread around, and you have to open a ridiculous amount of containers to find all the pouches and little coins spread around, rather than exploring and finding hidden places. There are still hidden places and items to find, but less than in the first game.The game has also undergone adjustments to AI behavior and difficulty. Enemies are unfairly perceptive so sneaking is harder, but combat is far easier than in the first game with some OP skills that could perhaps use some balancing. They can see you if you lean over to spy on them, so getting the wall hack power makes more sense now. Quick save & reload are more important than ever here, particularly if you're attempting a non-lethal, full stealth approach. It goes without saying that it feels less satisfying being stealthy now than before because of the less perfected level design and improved enemy awareness.All things considered, I believe sequels are supposed to be A LOT BETTER than their previous titles, so I cannot recommend this game based on what I've played so far, particularly if the full price tag is taken into account. Its not a bad game, of course, and it might be fun for a lot of people, but it fell short of meeting my expectations.Like I said from the start, I will update this review when I finish my first playthrough. Stay tuned.UPDATE ON PERFORMANCE: Updating drivers to the latest version has helped greatly with FPS and stuttering. It's still not perfect, but much better."
76561198132111327,Not Recommended,403640,26700003,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,my name jeff,"not recommended in it's current state. i'm sure the game is amazing and it looks good, but i had to refund it because the frames were horrible, even after resetting it's priority with task manager/process lasso.I'm running a GTX 970 and an I7 4790K with 16gb RAM and I couldn't get it to run at more than a stable 50. Also, i feel like because the frames were so inconsistent in different areas, it was hard to control and move around especially in combat, it's very disorientating. I may get it, if there's a stability update, or it goes on sale."
76561198175889327,Not Recommended,403640,26700056,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,ApolloDoesStuff,"I don't recommend this, not yet. I have 3 hours on this game and 2 of those 3 hours was me messing around with settings and resolutions and such. I recommend getting the console versions of this game, unless they patch it by the time you see this, I don't know."
,Not Recommended,403640,26700683,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,naik,refunded
76561198052051437,Not Recommended,403640,26521218,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,PaulGR,"Won't go in much detail.As others have said, it's and STILL is badly optimized.FPS is unstable and goes from 40 down to 10 for no reason depending on the area - you could enter one room (i.e. Throne Room) and the FPS drops to 9, as soon as you exit the area it goes back to 30ish, and this is on VERY LOW settings.It is just impossible to play during certain moments where the FPS decides to dip to low 10s. Gave me a headache with all the weird stuttering and lag, though it is better now.AVOID until fixed!EDIT: Partially better with latest patches but FPS still has huge ups and downs depending on where you are. I can be running 50-60 FPS solid on High and suddenly enter a room and have the FPS dip down to 10."
,Recommended,403640,26575221,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,ChrisYo,"Yeah this game can run a little slow at times in regards to the framerate, but most of the time with my experience it's definitely playable.My setup is thisi7 4790k @ 4.5GhzR9 2908Gb ram.I'm getting around 50fps most of the time, which while it's not as good as I'd have hoped it's definitely playable.As for the story, I've only played 4 hours so far but it's as good as / better than Dishonored 1 which I loved to bits."
,Not Recommended,403640,26586634,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,raduhendrix,"It crashed about 10 times while in the main menu, and when I finally managed to enter the game it crashed after 2 minutes. I got a refund, will buy again once it's on sale."
76561197982599078,Not Recommended,403640,33280150,Posted: 5 July,all,meriV.HAXXR|UKCS|,"Let me start this out by saying that i LOVED the first Dishonored game.Noticed that this game was cheap for the summer sale, and decided to buy it.Unfortunately Dishonored 2 has massive frame issues and is buggy, which made it completely unplayable.I refunded it and got my money back.0/10 for Dishonored 210/10 for Steam Refund system"
,Not Recommended,403640,28263915,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,♥Lonedrood♥,"Realy enjoyed the first Dishonored, however the FPS issues im getting on this one is making it unplayable... shame really"
76561198060907832,Not Recommended,403640,26753741,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Yourname942,"As of Patch 1.2 The game is playable, but constantly lagging and frame stuttering. I do NOT reccomend playing this game until they fix the performance issues.  I've  ran the game at max settings both before and after the patch, but if anything it seems slightly worse than before.My PC specs:Ram: 32GBWin 7 Professional 64-bitCPU: i7-4790kGPU: GT780 TI (x2)MB: Asus Z97 Pro WiFi AC"
76561198074009214,Recommended,403640,26528740,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Renegade,"Overall : 10/10- Story : 8/10- Gameplay : 10/10I usually dont spend $79 on any game, but Dishonored 2 was well worth it.Dishonored 2 is more challenging then the first game but its story isn't as good as the first game.Gameplay is AMAZING but it is well recommended that you play the first game then play this game.I haven't even finished my playthough and I'm already itching to play it different ways.EDIT : In my 2nd playthrough I realised that there are many things I had missed, offering much replayability.EDIT 2 : After my NEWGAME+ playthrough, it was really amazing to try out the different bonecharm combinations and different paths to try to 100% each mission."
,Not Recommended,403640,29239794,Posted: 13 January,all,Clion2k,This game is literaly just ported from console. I was really hyped for this game and I bought it when it came out to be disapointed by the fact they were too lazy to even fix the game. I couldn't even get the game to launch.
,Not Recommended,403640,28668706,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,TKL,Barely runs at sub 30 fps on my R9 380x + i5 2500k on ALL options on LOW. Unbelievable.Instantly refunded. What a shame.
76561198042135828,Not Recommended,403640,29539908,Posted: 28 January,all,Brock,Even after several patches the game remains severely unplayable even on a high-end PC with 1070 SLI.
76561198045224371,Recommended,403640,26579463,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,dapanji,if you liked dishonored 1 you will love dishonored 2. much bether graphics (not realistic but still very beautiful) and bether AI.i personaly didnt have any problems so far with the PC version but some people seem to have problems with the stability of the game.Dishonored 2 lets you find your own way trouth the map like the first one. Theres always atleast 3 ways to get from point A to point B wich i really like.the mouse steering is a litle strange but you will get into it really fast.the new Character is really cool but i personaly like The Corvos skillset beter. thats why i love that he is also playable.the only downside for me is that the game gives you all those cool ways to kill people but you will get a bad ending if you kill to much.If you like stealth games you will love dishonored.if you like freedom of choice you will love dishonoredif you like gore you will love dishonoredif you like super natural powers you will love dishonoredfor more infos watch this:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cDfC8SmcXuEPs. sorry for the poor english :)
76561198037870405,Recommended,403640,26579667,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,VisonV,"So far i have completely enjoyed the game, having no problems running the game whatsoever. Don't really know what my fps is since i don't really care about that (only that there aren't sudden drops ie lag and i have had none of that) but the game works fantastic on high settings and maybe even higher but don't really feel like trying since my rig is not the best possible (gtx 960 4gb, i5, 8gb RAM)But the game is really fun and an absolutely worthy successor to the first Dishonored. Very good gameplay tied with good story and voice acting make for an absolutely fantastic game (absolutely would say that its an upgrade to first Dishonored in every way) Going to keep playing and seeing if things change.Edit: Having completed the game now (Clean Hands, Shadow run) and played even a some lethal missions the game still has worked perfectly, only in mission 5 there were some fps drops when looking in one way but even that was fixed by reducing view distance. I for one think this game is an absolute blast and improves every aspect of the game from the first one."
,Recommended,403640,26579563,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Shringar,Works For me on low and some medium textures. I have never experienced a crash and the only time i had fps drop was in the clockwork mansion in the water room with the piano then it was on 40fps.I have a gtx 960i5 6600k with 3.8ghzand 8gb ramIt's a really great game and bethesda said they are working on a fixfor it! :D
76561198127821166,Recommended,403640,34957694,Posted: 14 September,all,hyp3d,Straightforward story yet really stylish and fun game. Check latest game perfomance with your gpu before ♥♥♥♥ing yourself over tho.
76561198037830851,Not Recommended,403640,33026746,Posted: 30 June,all,QuackMesa,"Seems good gameplay wise but it's terribly optimized, which is a real shame because I really loved the first Dishonered. I only get about a max 25-30 frames which is borderline unplayable. At this point I would rather not play it and ruin the expierence and just wait until either this games performance issues are fixed or I get a better GPU."
76561197970386667,Not Recommended,403640,28145827,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Karl Martell,"Dishonored 2 in its current state (beta 1.3) is a bad joke. Although the game runs quite smoothly on my rig (i5 @4000, GTX960, 16GB RAM) the visuals are just god-awful.Blurry textures, gaps in the models and partially vanishing objects successfully destroy any feeling of immersion - one of the strong points of the game's predecessor.Bought the game, downloaded the game, played it for half an hour - requested a refund."
,Recommended,403640,28137023,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,WardenofTheWall,"Dishonored 2 is one of the best games of 2016 and one of the best games i have ever played .i wasn't hyped for it at all and i had no plans for buying it , but when i saw the game's nice preorder Bonus ( giving DH1 free if you preorder the second one ) i decided to buy it . so is it worth buying ?---Dishonored 2 is a superb game with great story line and amazing gameplay .the graphics has two sides . one  side is it's art style which is awesome ! the way they made characters with their special look , the superb detailed areas and atmospheric locations you will find yourself eventually lost in the game's world ! second side of DH2's graphics is it's technical part . it has a bit of problems -which they can be fixed with updates,so not a big deal - first , sometimes the game suffers from frame rate issues . they are not game breaking at all and will fade very soon . and another part in my opinion , is game's LOD ( draw distances )i don't know that if it's only my problem or the game is designed that way but buildings in draw distances look aweful and they're almost without any details ! ( i have a GTX 770 and played it on Very High graphics settings ) so now that we have talked enough about the graphics , what about the gameplay ? is it good at all? well i can answer this easily . the gameplay is stunning ! wether you decide to go full action - speed run or full stealth , the game gives you full options to choose from . lots and lots of collectables to find and upgrades to choose from . each one of the games two characters , has their own abilities and also they share some of them too .but based on my personal experience , Emily is best for going the game with high chaos rating and finishing it fast and corvo is best for the opposite . although it really doesn't matter which character you pick for ranking low or high chaos or going full action or not . i just think that Emily is way more brutal than corvo and that's a good thing .each mission gives you optional and main objectives to do and even tho the game is a linear  , but for instance you can choose wether to assassinate a target or save him . this game has some brilliant moments that you cannot find in any othergame ! i am so sad tht i can't spoil any of them but some of it's missions and moments are super mind blowing ! in the end , being able to choose from corvo and emily , ability to make decisions that alter the worlds condition and change the games ending , high replay value and smooth , fast gameplay and charming graphics makes this game a must buy for eveyone . it doesn't matter that wether you are a fan of stealth games or not ,  played the first game or notyou have to buy DISHONORED 2 . it is an amazing game and in the end i must thank arkane studios for their hard efforts . for making such a great experience and amazing tale .---TL;DR =  is it worth buying ? the answer is a bold yes !"
,Not Recommended,403640,33501540,Posted: 13 July,all,Jules,Runs terribly on high end equipment.  Getting 80 fps and then suddenly dipping to 15 or 20 is not cool.  Apparently Valve agrees because they gave me a refund with over 2 hours of gameplay no questions asked.
,Recommended,403640,26571082,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Kinoso,"There's no worse situation in the industry than when a given game could be fantastic if the technical issues were not huge, as it's the case of this one. After all the confidence I had in Arkane as the creators of one of my favourite games ever and how well optimized the first Dishonored was, this release felt like a solid slap in the face for all (PC) players out there.However, living in an era where laziness in writing is great and the big companies feed us with garbage stories and souless characters and worlds, it is painful to see how such a detailed and sublime art creation sees itself in the shadows and -of course justified- wrath of the consumers entirely because a symphony of major technical flaws has not been properly solved before launch.Whoever knows a little (or a lot) about video game development world, might think Arkane does not deserve the punishment of hate it's currently experimenting. The very fact that the game is full of carefully crafted content and the story itself exceeds even the first Dishonored in quality and quantity makes me think the actual developers (and not Bethesda), were still not ready and were pushed to a rushed deadline in order for the publishers to make more money.When reviewers say 'we expected that because it's Bethesda', they are forgetting about Bethesda being not the development team at all, but only the publisher company that probably manipulated the developers into releasing Dishonored 2 in a unfinished state -and of course now overloading the team with the critical responsability of fixing the performance fast and without resting-.I agree we should not be getting a sequel riddled with terrible fps problems especially in a game that looks marginally better than the first one. However, as a totally opposite of all those reviews that 'wait until fixed to give it a recommended review', and in a try to give some moral support to Arkane -not Bethesda- in the dark days they are going through, I'm recommending this game despite all the technical flaws me -and many others- are experimenting.Of course I'll keep to myself the right of changing the review if the problems are not properly addressed in a given time.Update (beta patch 1.2) - Not a miraculous patch but helped performance a big deal. Game became playable for me at high settings on a GTX 970. Keep the good work Arkane."
76561198082021170,Not Recommended,403640,26521189,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,agedmadness,"Loved the first Game, who knows if the game will actually play instead of kicking me out instantly I might be able to enjoy this one as well."
,Recommended,403640,26570382,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Grant,"Pros- Fun gameplay- Great level design-Feelsopen world- Corvo and Emily- Fantastic story (So far)- Best stealth game series I've played- Graphics and artstyle- LoreNeutral- Voiced Emily/Corvo (Indifferent so far)Cons- Optimization- Mouse movment (It randomly seems really slow and laggy)NotesIf Arkane releases a patch fixing the current problems with optimization and mouse smoothing, this game will be a 9.5/10 or even a 10/10RatingAs is: 7.5/10With fixes: 10/10EDITIn the Betapatch that Bethesda has realeased, the performance is pretty fantastic and mouse movmement is silky smooth. I get around 100+ FPS on a GTX 1080 at 1440p, Ultra settings."
76561197986229623,Not Recommended,403640,26603592,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,goggsfs,Bought a brand new graphics card for this game.....New patch makes almost no difference. Strangely it doesn't matter what graphics setting it's played on either.I loved the first game and I'm not willing to play Dishonored 2 any more until it's fixed.Should have bought it on the PS4.......
,Recommended,403640,26584351,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,icecreammatt,"If you enjoyed the first Dishonored and want more, this game is exactly that. It also appears to have a few newer skills such as bone charm crafting. ( I haven't tried it yet but saw the option in the skills tree )Hardware wise this game takes quite a machine to run. My framerate fluctuates between 40-120fps typically floating around 70-90 with all settings on ultra except for shadows which are on very high. Framerate seems to go down more when looking at larger scenes as expected. I'm playing at 1080p on a 1080SC with 4790k @4ghz and 32GB of DDR3 @1600Mhz. I am currently using Nvidia drivers. (373.06)"
,Recommended,403640,26592927,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Hova,"This is my 3rd game I've bought that have mixed reviews due to bad performance, I have a pretty♥♥♥♥♥♥computer and I haven't had a problem with any of them including this one. The game is absolutely awesome and I'm loving it. If you liked the first one, I can't see any way you wouldn't like this one"
76561197999437055,Not Recommended,403640,26593628,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Flip the Frog,"Pretty much unplayable on Gtx 970Edit: Works okay if you turn down dynamic resolution and anti alias quality, but then it looks like a washed-out T-shirt. Audio is a disaster though.I'll never again buy a Bethesda game before the first update is out. What a cheap and spineless company - of course they knew this already when it came out - hence not sending out review copies in advance. Shame on you Bethesda for being cheap money grabbers, and shame on you Arkane for creating this buggy turd"
76561198020249764,Not Recommended,403640,26516833,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,JuggerNerd,NEGATIVE MOUSE ACCELERATION need I say more?
76561198031154706,Recommended,403640,26747912,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,starlizard70,Great game
,Not Recommended,403640,26721460,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Kittybooze,"I'm a butthurt basement dweller and this game isn't playable for me, at something like 35 fps. Should have pirated it."
,Recommended,403640,33780896,Posted: 24 July,all,mdwyer,"The game is pretty, no doubt about it. There's some lighting magic that generates glints of color that made me stop my game for a few minutes just to play with them. The levels are inventive, well laid-out, and beautifully decorated. Every map has multiple ways through it, and the story rewards those who have to search every nook and cranny. The audio is fairly good, aside from a somewhat limited collection of things for the NPCs to say and a disturbingly notchy positional system.But did I like it? Eh...Dishonored sits in that genre of enforced sneakiness that you also see on display in the Deus Ex franchise. The game gives you all kind of tools of mayhem, but brutally punishes you if you dare to use them. It turns the game frustrating and slow.  Maybe that's a good thing, though, since the levels might have induced a bit of claustrophobia, if not for the fact that it takes the better part of a half hour to traverse it.There's a quick-save system that you're going to end up leaning on pretty heavily for two major reasons: First, there's very little prior indication if a person on the street in an enemy or not. At least one of the gangs -- the hatters -- can be identified because they're wearing hats. Secondly, the previously mentioned punishment incentivizes completing the entire map without being seen... and when you've just spent a half hour crossing the city, only to get spotted at the last minute, it becomes pretty easy to convince yourself that save-spamming has merit.Then there's the tools that you never get to use.  I never did find whatever was needed to craft the whalebone charms. I ended the game with the better part of a whale skeleton, and never used a single piece.  I collected all my bone charms from the environment. I'm not sure why I bothered, since it is hard to spot any evidence that they had any effect.In the end, I got my 40 hours of play time out of it, and there's even the promise that I could come back and maybe get a different game out of playing the other story fork with the other character.  But, right now... eh... I don't want to have to spend another 40 hours on a game that just doesn't make me *happy*. I'll come back to it if I'm desperate for a game, but I can think of a bunch of other games I'd rather replay, first."
,Not Recommended,403640,26547021,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Jumpo,fps one love
,Not Recommended,403640,26521133,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,CAPTAIN JAPAN,Someone wake me up when the game runs better. Probably around the year 2030.3 updates since November 11th 2016 and only a negligible performance boost. Do the math.
,Not Recommended,403640,26564383,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,HazyHex,"As everyone else has already mentioned, absolutely abysmal performance. I5 4690k, GTX 1070, 16 Gigabytes of DDR3 and newest drivers shouldn't be running at 30 frames per second in Karnaca. It fluctuates from 80 to 40 to 55 to 32 to 70 all in the span of 10 seconds, as moving the mouse seems to cause huge drops when it has to render bugged textures or lighting. Glass causes huge performance issues for whatever reason, inside environments run at 50 fps more than outside, there is massive mouse smoothing issues, the Antialiasing is causing insane amounts of blurring, this is a very, very poorly done PC release.If Arkane can fix it, i'll revise my score. Until then, let it sit with the rest of the negatives."
,Not Recommended,403640,26731524,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,cake,glad i spent over $2000 on my GPUs so i could run this game at 30fps on medium settings
,Recommended,403640,26549452,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,"Communist ""Joseph Ballin"" Layton","If you're wondering whether or not you'll like Dishonored 2, you really just have to ask yourself if you liked Dishonored 1, because they're basically the same in terms of gameplay. If you were hoping the AI would be less erratic, or there would be more weapons for a lethal approach, or the guards would stop repeating themselves, none of that has changed in any significant amount. If you've never played the first game and don't know if you liked it or not then you should probably do that first, because the plot of 2 doesn't coddle players who think it's acceptable to start a series with the second entry, so if you haven't played the first game and its DLC storyline (which is especially important) you might not appreciate most of the characters as much. If you liked Dishonored 1 and want another game's worth of it, go right ahead, if you have the hardware to run it. The optimization isn't unplayable, but it seems to be very picky in which computers it will run on and which computers it will barely start on, and while my 970 and i5 3570k @4.4 GHz was able to run it at mostly max settings at around 60 fps, others with similar hardware have barely managed to reach that on low settings. I'm submitting my recommendation as positive because the game itself is great, but I hope Bethesda learns a lesson from the rest of the recommendations burning them at the stake to not try to release your game a day early if you aren't going to properly optimize it. The ""preorder and get the game a day early"" scheme is the worst preorder idea I've ever seen and should've died with Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare, and maybe now it really will."
76561198076885434,Not Recommended,403640,30951795,Posted: 4 April,all,uzera1010,"When will we be able to use the ""Restart Mission"" function displayed but ghosted out in the pause menu, so we can restart a mission if we find someone we accidently killed in a no-kill run after we'd already saved, without restarting the game from the beginning?I mean, really?  First the unplayable lag, and now this."
,Recommended,403640,30948866,Posted: 4 April,all,Dictent,"If I can describe my experience with Dishonored 2 so far with one word, I'd choose ""bittersweet"". The game itself at its core is fantastic. The art direction is very impressive, even better than the first installment. Gameplay can be fast or slow, stealthy or noisy depending on your play style, which gives you a lot of options. The music and overall feel of the game are worthy of praise.The bitter part of the experience, however, has to be the performance. I have spent hours trying to get this game to run smoothly and have it not crash at certain points. Some of you may know the notorious problems this game has with the R9 380. I ended up waiting a month, more or less, for the one update to finally fix the game. Both from Arkane Studios and AMD. Once all of that got sorted out, I finally had a blast playing the game.Game of the Year? It comes close, maybe for console versions. But it's a damn good game, just plagued by bugs and performance issues on PC. Give it a try. At this point, most of the performance issues should be gone. But don't take my word for it. Grab the trial version instead and see if you like it."
76561197978215782,Not Recommended,403640,26755973,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,It Hurts to Pee,"A number of people have commented on the technical issues plaguing the game - I won't touch those because it has already been beaten to death. Suffice it to say that even on a completely overpowered computer, there were periods of frame stuttering and what felt like delayed inputs. Graphics are so so for a game in late 2016.Moving on from that, this game just isn't good in my opinion. They had an established universe to pull from and got lazy. The story is a cliched joke and feels extremely rushed the entire game. The Outsider is irrelevant and basically serves as a hint mechanism in the levels as to alternate eliminations. There are nearly no ""side quest"" things to do of any importance. Taking my time and exploring levels, reloading a lot to perfect the stealth approach, etc and my total playtime is < 20 hours.There is no character development. I had no idea who / what / where I was going most of the time outside of ""go here and do this"". I had no attachment to anything - no choices seemed to matter except for the returning low / high chaos system. The ""main crew"" in the game might as well be cardboard cutouts - by the end of the game I didn't know anything about them or their motives. There are a few things you can find if you look hard enough (some letters and diaries), but even that is paltry.A lot of things just aren't explained at all. During reload screens in the last level I was still reading those misc hints and thinking ""Holy crap, I can do X? Why didn't they tell me I could do X at ANY POINT IN THIS GAME?!"" More of the rushed atmosphere I guess.The ending (no spoilers) left me puzzled. At one point I was convinced the game had glitched but there was a non obvious thing that had to be done. The ending sequence is about 20s long and adds absolutely nothing but re-stating the choices you make in the game.It's a shame, too. The world of Dishonored is very interesting, and the whole Outsider concept could be explored a lot. I was hopefully for a moment in one of the later quests when you start to learn a bit about him, but it's over extremely fast.As it stands though, the game is just awkward. I'd generously give it a 7/10. It certainly has its moments, and when it works it is pretty cool. If you want to blink around and do cool combo kills or whatever - this game might be right up your alley. If you're looking for a good story and an immersive world, you should probably look elsewhere."
,Not Recommended,403640,34023360,Posted: 4 August,all,Dimension Five,"Loved the original Dishonored.  This sequel is just too much of a technical mess for me to get into.  The game feels choppy and laggy regardless of how high my frame rate is.  Textures become blurry randomly - popping back and forth between crisp and blurry.I just can't bring myself to play the game with so many issues.  So I can't really comment on the game itself that much.  Hopefully these issues get ironed out eventually, but this late in the game I doubt it."
,Not Recommended,403640,28754411,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,YISIO,不停的崩溃。进游戏就崩溃。。。然后直接把电脑蓝屏了。。。。。用windows 10 2年多了。这还是第一款无法运行的游戏呢。。。。。。。厉害了
76561198015449505,Not Recommended,403640,29302311,Posted: 16 January,all,rok_27,dont bother with the pc version get it on console atleast for now
76561197978857872,Not Recommended,403640,26517726,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Omnadren,"Where do I start? From the main menu it is immediately noticable that the mouse cursor moves as if through oil. I have a computer that can run The Witcher 3 on max settings at 1440P resolution at 50-60 fps, sitting at 60 the majority of the time. Crysis 3, all maxed settings except AA options, and so on.From the opening scenes of the game I was pulling fps ranging from the high 20's to low 40's, and that's with half the settings on very high rather than ultra. There is NO way this game is more graphically intensive than the latest Deus Ex game, which I can run very smoothly at 45-60 fps with a mix of maxed and high settings.After noticing the poor mouse movement and framerate issues, it was a serious blow to first enter into the open'ish world only to encounter pathetically bad lod meshes. Other than some superior lighting and shadow, visually this game is a pretty big step back compared to the first game. Trust me, the moment you leave the beginning area you will be shocked at just how ♥♥♥♥♥♥ the gameworld looks.This game was clearly made for consoles, with pc's receiving a very poorly optimized version. The art direction alone REEKS of console limitations, which reeks even more of the game being rushed, or the developers being lazy in not implementing proper graphics scaling options to account for pc capabilities. Parity across platforms has it's limits.Do yourself a favor and either refund this game or sit on it for awhile until it gets better optimization."
,Not Recommended,403640,26522124,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,sɪʟᴠᴀʙᴀɴᴇ,Very fun game but suffers from stunning FPS issues unless you have the most powerful of PCs (and even then there is frequent drops).Hold out on this one unless they fix it.
,Recommended,403640,29758090,Posted: 7 February,all,Dark Harbinger,More of the same from what you got out of Dishonored.  If you liked the original you will enjoy this one as well.
76561198048908940,Not Recommended,403640,26512626,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Rile Slapcheek,"Im afraid my review will not be of much value to anyone.This games release and persistant performance issues has killed my excitement for the game. Whether is runs well or not in the future I dont think I will reinstall this game and play it. Nor shall I play the new Prey by arkane. Its not bitterness its a lack of trust and dissapointment that cannot be taken back. This is the case for me and likely for a lot of fans of the original Dishonored.Maybe a few years down the line or if I forget what this game was and make the mistake of accidentally reinstalling the game, Then i might play it.But the damage has been done for the franchise for me.Get it if you want or don't. I won't influence anyone who has already made their decision on what they think of the game. The least I can do though is warn those who will pick this game up no matter what is said and that warning is:The game is still a technical mess BUT if it does work for you have as much fun with it as you can because there will come a day when a game you get excited for will♥♥♥♥♥♥in your fun and you will find yourself in the same position that I am in now."
,Not Recommended,403640,30969331,Posted: 5 April,all,schwarzes Schaf,"I bought this game half off it's original price thinking I'd be getting a better deal. I was wrong, I can't even judge whether or not I got a good deal. The game doesn't even start, or it starts to load, then starts flicker and freezing. I haven't even seen what the main menu looks like. I've spent the last 2 hours of my life looking on how to fix it , only to be met with dissapointment.TL;DR, Doesn't even launch, don't even bother buying this 30GB waste of space."
,Recommended,403640,34950020,Posted: 14 September,all,Walht,ye
76561198016277251,Recommended,403640,26537687,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,AlexMBrennan,If you liked Dishonored then you will like Dishonored 2.
,Recommended,403640,26508249,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Malificarr,My early impressions are that this is exactly the Dishonored sequel we've been waiting for. Strongly recommended!
,Recommended,403640,30025572,Posted: 18 February,all,Luxy,GTX770 users: be warned. Lots of stuttering and frame drops ahead.GTX1080 users shouldn't have any problems.
,Not Recommended,403640,29574984,Posted: 29 January,all,Edy Nelson,"Weak Combat System that is easily abuseable and make fights look and feel like a joke, even on higher difficulties.The only real reason to play this game for me was the admirable art direction.The Story is weak for the most part, a classic revenge story covered in more than stupid antagonists who welcome their deaths without giving much of a fight.The game is very unoptimized aswell, I struggled getting 60 FPS in most areas even with my strong GPU.Considering that only the art direction appealed to me, I cannot recommend this game at a full price."
76561198033904140,Not Recommended,403640,29555142,Posted: 28 January,all,CongregationofFoxes,"Really really really terrible PC port do not buy this for PC at all.  Experience with the game is also bad the stealth is very inconsistant, guards see me through walls, its just not good.  Its like a signifigantly worse version of the first game."
,Recommended,403640,28845940,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Dall,Is good.If you can run it
,Recommended,403640,29052468,Posted: 5 January,all,MMMMMMMMMMMMATT,"great game, despite glaring technical shortcomings. overall, 7/10. if issues are smoothed , easily 9/10."
76561198149267360,Not Recommended,403640,29370814,Posted: 19 January,all,gFreak696,"After pre-ordering this to get Dishonored for free in the mean time, I'm quite unhappy that my money (unrefundable) really went towards a semi-functional mess.I've learnt my lesson about pre-ordering, but Steam really does need to rethink the policy for refunds. I only want to return the♥♥♥♥♥♥one."
,Recommended,403640,29152073,Posted: 9 January,all,Jiggles,"The first game is far, far better in my opinion. If you're buying a Dishonored game for the first time, I'd strongly suggest getting that one.Not to say this one is bad, but it's more of the same awesome-fun-stab-fest action that D1 had, but with a poorer story, a less interesting place and a less-cool plague."
76561198034978798,Recommended,403640,29152579,Posted: 9 January,all,cbx Danger Love,"980 ti, i7-4790k, 16gb ram, runs perfectly at 60 fps for me."
,Recommended,403640,29012047,Posted: 4 January,all,Voo,"bunch of bugs, first one dishonored worked out better"
76561198171690475,Recommended,403640,31612436,Posted: 7 May,all,aparadox90,"This game is like a food metaphor, it looks delicious like cake, but when you bite your teeth into it you realize it rewards creativity sort of like broccoli. If I had to give it a score it would have to be something in between 1-10.Disclaimer: I have not seen Captain American Civil war, so please no spoilers."
76561198063042100,Recommended,403640,31614322,Posted: 7 May,all,dOkA,No words for how amazing this is.
76561198150799387,Recommended,403640,29493481,Posted: 25 January,all,Bumbabee,lol
,Recommended,403640,28855184,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Alexnator,"I have to admit, it is what I have heard, when they say it is not well optimized for PC. However, it is not unplayable. For me, it hits 45 fps at the average lowest frames. I played the first and I loved it, looked amazing, played well, and the story blew me away! Here I am with the second one, looks great, plays very similar to the first, and I already am in love with the story behind it.So, when they say that it is not optimized for PC, I can see that. But, that's no reason to knock the game entirely just for the looks. If graphics is why we played games, nobody would have played them when they first came out!I love the game and I love what they have done with the series so far, many thanks to the developers and all who helped make the story behind it!"
,Recommended,403640,28856030,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Microsoft Word,"I am slightly biased but I love this game. I was a huge fan of the first Dishonored game and waited forever to get a sequel. Overall I think that this was the perfect sequel and did the franchise justice. There were one or two problems I had but they were problems that should not stop you from playing this game. If you were a fan of the first game you will love this game, though I do think you should have played the first game before picking this game up as I think the story flows better with an understanding of Dishonored and its DLC.Pros- Felt like a true sequel, different and fresh but still familiar enough- Emily as a playable character was amazing- Dedicated no power mode- New powers were a TON of fun- New Game + is amazing and let's you basically create an all powerful god characterCons- Graphic issues, I use a GTX960 and have to run at very low settings- Emily is way more fun to play then Corvo and I will only really be playing Emily nowGray Area- Story was good, but there was some weird continuity errors between this game and the first game specifically the DLC- Wish we could important a Dishored 1 save for something neat.Loved this game and will continue to play it. I have gotten all the achievements and will be creating some challenges of my own but a hell of a fun game."
76561198090608820,Recommended,403640,28857702,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,rash,"Every level is well designed and highly detailed. Level 7 especially is extremely fascinating. Spent 2 hours just to explore.Performance wise, it could still use some polishing. But for me it's still playable albeit with some frame drops here and there."
,Recommended,403640,28856625,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Najheran,"If your PC can actually run it, which many people can not regardless of specs, this is an absolute gem of a game. I had 0 issues with the game fortunately, but buyer beware many people have found the game unplayable with bugs and tech problems. If you enjoy Dishonored 1, compelling story, fantastic gameplay and level design, this is definitely worth the price of admission. Honestly one of the very very few AAA games that i believe worth the cost this year.TL;DR: Great game if you can play it. 9/10"
,Recommended,403640,29137442,Posted: 9 January,all,Slim Bean,"Runs great, no frame drops at all. Extremely fun like the first one.Rig: 980ti, 8gb RAM, AMD FX-8350"
76561197973966003,Recommended,403640,28619399,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Cpt Coke bottle,"So far I'm enjoying this game. It feels like a natural evolution of the original dishonored and plays very similarly which I say is great because the first one was awesome. The only issue I've had thus far is the audio it pretty glitchy. It will often cut in and out, sometimes it sounds like there are jump cuts in the cinematic sections and sound effects ie footsteps from NPCs don't always start and stop when they should.Overall I'm very happy and I'm sure that the bugs will be fixed soon. The audio glitches really don't distract me that much"
,Recommended,403640,29770983,Posted: 7 February,all,tomy1986,"As Emily, you will continue the amazing storyline that started with Dishonored.As Corvo, you will continue the amazing storyline that started with Dishonored as Garrett reborn, stealing the city blind and ghosting through dumb guards (City Watch), fanatic overseers (Hammerites), witches (Pagans), clockwork soldiers (Mechanical Beasts) and nest keepers (Zombies), aided by your mysterious friend the Outsider (a Keeper) and the Void's power (through a Glyph on your hand). All of this while being voiced by the Master Thief itself, Stephen Russell.What is not to like, taffers?"
76561198043917185,Recommended,403640,29396862,Posted: 21 January,all,HunTeR',"Finished the game twice, Freaking awesome!"
76561197973402038,Recommended,403640,28728709,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,bara,"yea it is a little buggy, but overall i can recommend it anyways. Gameplay: Like Dishonored 1, just more. There are a few new/changed powers and enemies. Also there is a special level where you don't have your powers but .. something else, which i realy liked.If you liked Dishornored or the original Thief series, I can totaly recomend it."
,Recommended,403640,29509503,Posted: 26 January,all,Tryhard Trevor,good but not nearly enough whiskey and cigars
76561198141548934,Recommended,403640,32475807,Posted: 16 June,all,HUGO | 雨果,"I personally think that this game is one of the most pleasant game i've ever played ! I think the most fun is to play discreetly but you can still play like an autist, both are really funny !"
,Recommended,403640,27484334,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Rasputin,"if you have a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ pc go play minecraft. this game is amazing in everything the gameplay and the visuals. It's a heavy game so you need a good pc and if you don't have it play it on low or super low, just don't say bad things about the game. enjoy it for a while."
,Recommended,403640,29596936,Posted: 30 January,all,Grenouille,Damn they actually did it! The game runs so well now! Went from frame drops in the lowest settings to stable fps at high settings. Thanks you for fixing the performance issues Arkane <3
76561198048070444,Recommended,403640,28736495,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Bombegranate,"A lot of the perfomance issues have been resolved, and New Game + (which allows you to start playthroughs with previously used powers) really adds to all the fun you can have.Put it simply: if you liked Dishonored, you'll like this game. The levels are much larger, there are many different ways to reach your goal, tons of little secrets and touches, and lots and lots of fun ways to murder people (or not murder them)."
76561198202838822,Recommended,403640,31793856,Posted: 16 May,all,GlassySleet803,"Great world, great gameplay, great game."
76561198259674695,Recommended,403640,31227059,Posted: 18 April,all,masanzi,Game's fun as heck
,Recommended,403640,30107505,Posted: 22 February,all,Rugo,"This has to be 5 out of 5 for me.I cannot believe the amount of work that has gone in to this game; the detailed scenery, characters, miniscule detail, background story etc. etc. It is brilliant. To imagine that I hesitated in buying this game, but that was for 2 reasons:(1) my original graphics card was rubbish for this game and people were rightly complaining about problems. I think the problems have been fixed and I since bought a GFX RX480 and it has run great - with some shadowing lowered but the rest on high or ultra.and most importantly...(2) the TV advert really put me off. I loved the original game because of the stealth, the choice of action, the ability to finish the game with no deaths... but the advert showed none of this; it showed everyone being killed and thrown around so I thought (mistakenly as it turned out) that the game had changed in to a hack and slash.However, saying that, I have played the game 3 times now; twice through stealth at different difficulties and the third time killing all the guards and witches on hard level (which is far too easy btw but I wanted the achievements. I tried explaining that I wanted the achievements to the wife when she complained I had spent too long playing on the PC and got a ""funny"" look lol! ).Anyway, if you do have a decent graphics card and enjoyed Dishonored then I think you will love this game too. There is even more to do and bigger areas to move around.Enjoy!!"
,Recommended,403640,28953849,Posted: 2 January,all,Dubkipz,"Performance is perfectly acceptable for me. I get a stable 60 fps on very high with minimal stuttering.I'm not far in yet, but the gameplay and story are great so far!This recommendation is only for those with similar specs:i5-3470GTX 107016GB DDR3Samsung 840 EVOWindows 10"
76561198212455095,Recommended,403640,31302689,Posted: 22 April,all,Patrick Ramsey,"Coming from bad laptops and consoles and just recently getting a good pc, I am used to lower frame rates. With a mix of very high to ultra settings, the game looks great but gets 45-60 fps. This game is one of my all time favorite games.The story, the world, the game mechanics. This game would have been amazing would it not have been for the poor optimization. However, if you can look past the fps its is a great game. PC Specs : RX 480 4gb, i5-6400, and 8gb of ram."
,Recommended,403640,32879830,Posted: 27 June,all,Burgers-13,Even better than the first!
76561197979830483,Recommended,403640,29456607,Posted: 23 January,all,stormbringer_1966,"Just got this game a few weeks back as i always wait for bugs to be worked out in any game. That being said he game kicks♥♥♥♥♥♥ Graphics are still a little slow, not sure why as i am running 2 thermocooled 980's combined 12 gigs vid ram. I can play on maxed out but can bog down a little. other than that this game is even better than the first so far. Personally, I try for stealth mode and take downs rather than all out killing as i do think that is a bit to easy and lets face it, the game is more about how stealthy you are and affects your end game. 2nd go round i will just kill everything on site lol.. Anyhow, any of you that are put off by all the negative comments, I would say if you liked the first one and you have a system that can handle it then do not hesitate to get it!"
,Recommended,403640,28678204,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,doda,"Not what expected, not to say its badSadly combat is clunky so your nearly forced to go with the stealth approachAlso IDTech is the a terrible engine, running a 1060 6GB With slight overclocking and a i7-6700k @ 4.00 GHZ with 16gb of ram and I slightly scrap over 60 fps (100ish in non-detailed areas)Despite these issues the story is great and definitly worth the money"
76561198019572384,Not Recommended,403640,29327359,Posted: 17 January,all,[DoH]Heartstopper,"Enough people have complained about the technical issues, so I won't bother.  The actual gameplay and some of the new abilities are fun.  The writing and story composition on the other hand, is absolutely terrible.The main character can't seem to shake the uncontrollable urge to spout endless exposition at every opportunity...this not only destroys immersion(I don't need to hear about how my character feels when killing a guard), but often divulges information that you as the PC couldn't possibly know at that point in the story.All the characters felt really flat, as if they had no connection to eachother or anything else anywhere in the game.  God help me most of the time they actually sounded bored.All the individual story elements felt like badly composed episodes of a procedural TV show, w/o even having the benefit of the overall narrative to pull everything together.Then there's the main city of this installment...Karnaca.  Supposedly being oppressed by the duke, it instead felt like I was visiting a European Villa.  Everything looked way too sunny and bright, and served rather poorly to deliver what I can only assume is the intended theme.  The bloodflies felt really forced, as if they were just thrown in to give the player ""fodder"" to deal with.tl;dr--With the exception of the actual gameplay itself, Dishonored 2 is the polar opposite of the first game in almost every way.  Even if you are a die-hard fan of the original I would wait for a sale."
,Recommended,403640,33417383,Posted: 9 July,all,-DI- Dey,"Dishonored 2 can keep your focus. Graphics are cool, but not great. Most of every choice you make has a consequence. Much better villains from the first game and loads of new powers."
,Not Recommended,403640,33416781,Posted: 9 July,all,Richard,"This game improves on everything that existed in the first one; the enviroments are pretty, level design is great and the combat is as fluid as ever!However, I cannot recommend this game unless you have a high-end GPU (1070 - 1080) because this game runs horribly; frequently getting drops down from 100fps to the 20's.Once (or if) this game gets much better optimisation I would recommend it."
76561198036281454,Not Recommended,403640,32141659,Posted: 2 June,all,Holygamer,solid gameplay but i've lost progress twice due to saves just disappearing. its hard to recommend a game that is still selling for $60 and has bugs like this
76561198016760886,Recommended,403640,31022083,Posted: 8 April,all,DesertPunk,"I really don't know what people are ♥♥♥♥♥ing when it comes to the preformace of this game. The game runs so smooth and for me it's a great game following Dishonored 1 that I really loved. So far I don't see anything wrong with this game and how it runs, I don't have any problem at all and I would recommend it to everyone, especially now when its 50% OFF the regular price."
76561197991637919,Recommended,403640,29007820,Posted: 4 January,all,Faul,"It is just as beautiful as the first game. Very nice level design coupled with fun options of completing them (so far in my playthrough).However, it runs quite bad if you do not tweak the game a bit in the graphics options. I turned on fullscreen borderless window and it runs way better than having it in a ""non-window-mode"" option. But with that being said the game is not nearly as optimized as the first one, not even close.P.S. Having Corvo talk feels weird."
76561198013548666,Recommended,403640,31172067,Posted: 15 April,all,Menrva,"I was disappointed to see this many complaints about performance, so it was a good move to create a demo version.Thanks for that, And I am very pleased to see Dishoned2 run super smooth in 3440x1440 on my system (980gtx, i7-5820, 8Gb mem). I am using the nvidea  experience app to optimize gamesettings and I have the system optimizer Razer Cortex helping me to get rid of all windows 10 overhead processing during gameplay."
,Recommended,403640,28680081,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Jabbaski,"At first I hated this game because my wimpy GTX 970 and Intel Core 4900k processor could barely run it, but now that I have a dual GTX 1080 and intel 6700k processor and i can run this game no sweat, I can look past the glaring technical issues and find a great game here. For short, only buy if you have a beefy-as-hell gaming PC, otherwise this is unplayable. It is a great game behind this though."
76561198000024622,Not Recommended,403640,29027989,Posted: 4 January,all,Syine,Constant crashes and inconsistant FPS. Got Full refund.Unplayable for me and I doubt this will get another patch.Guess Ill just go back and re-play Dishonered... *Sigh*
,Not Recommended,403640,29027700,Posted: 4 January,all,|M|A|V|E|R|I|C|K|,"On the lowest of low settings with my i7 and GTX980 the frames I get in this game will go from 60 when I stare at a wall to around 10 when I try to walk around outside. Beta patch doesn't help, and neither do all the view-whoring youtubers that post their performance fix videos. Either wait until the actual game is released (not this beta tier crap) and if that never happens never buy a Bethesda game again.Other problems include a ridiculous input lag and directional sound bugs. As this was probably my most anticipated game this year, I am severely disappointed and will be shelving it until the devs fix their♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Not Recommended,403640,33053981,Posted: 30 June,all,menar003,"See why there is a discount. Can't get through the tutorial without crashing to the desktop. I knew there were huge bugs and game breaking problems in the game when it came out, but I thought by now those would be fixed. In case you were wondering, they aren't."
76561198143001702,Recommended,403640,29846579,Posted: 11 February,all,Punisher,"This game is basically like the first Dishonored, but it is better in any way, execpt for (maybe) the storyline. So if you enjoyed  Dishonored you will definetely like this game. Game designers did an amazing job creating this masterpiece."
76561198192164314,Recommended,403640,29852611,Posted: 11 February,all,NiggieCheese,"So after i finished the first one and the second one in only a week i felt in love with this great game series it was the best expirence ive ever had from a game.i dont get it why a lot of peope didnt like the game i think the game deserves to be called a Masterpiecethe dev did a great job at telling the story.the optional ending system is great. the way that you can brutally slaughter your enemies, or you can peacefully pass them.Now there is one negative factor i found,they used a new engine in the 2nd game which made the game look absolutely different then the first one and made the game look less smoother but its up to what you like.Now to the final conclusions:Plot / story : 10/10Graphic : 9/10Overall enjoyment : 10/10soo Should we gather for cigars and wiski tonight ?"
76561198024027156,Recommended,403640,31324040,Posted: 23 April,all,moise.mtl,"Great game, great story, amazing level design, but a bit on the laggy for graphicsI have 2x R9 290 and i still got a bit of lag on high. Also somethimes, the game would become extremely laggy and require reloading a save.But overall this is a good game and i recomend this game."
,Recommended,403640,31329664,Posted: 23 April,all,tabsterLasVegas,"First off, the game played fine on my GTX 970 at 1080p.On my initial playthrough, it took me 40 hours. That is by playing as Emily, hard mode, no kill playstyle, no supernatural powers,  thoroughly exploring each map and rendering all opponents unconscious.  The game was worth the $29.99 that I paid for it.The following are a few nitpickings:1) As a stealth game, it doesn't utilize shadow like the Thief series does.2) It restricts you from carrying more than three stun mines, though you can carry other stuff which you may never use.3) The ending is disappointing in that you don't spend much time conferring with Corvo. It would have been nice if this father-daughter video sequence was a little more elaborated on. You just saved your empire and your dad, getting Corvo's reaction to that would have been cool.Those are just nitpickings, Dishonored 2 is a fine sequel to Dishonored."
76561198037572331,Not Recommended,403640,31398678,Posted: 27 April,all,Tupac27,Well i love the game i just dont love the constant exit of the game and mostly at the start after the load screen but has taken to be during hours of gameplay i just get my game turned of also come on guy this has been out how long and the framerate is as thoe im rocking a 950 when in fact i got a i7 and 980ti please sort it out as the game is mental good no lie
76561198074377428,Recommended,403640,31024274,Posted: 8 April,all,Robot Butler,yes
76561198083865021,Recommended,403640,31039621,Posted: 9 April,all,Lucas_101,"To my suprise it doesn't run as bad as people say it does, there are a few frame inconsistencies here and there, nothing game breaking though. Any fan of the first game will enjoy this one."
,Not Recommended,403640,31383260,Posted: 26 April,all,Ibaudia,"In my opinion this game is a straight downgrade from the original in most every way. Except graphics, of course, but that won't really matter because no one can run them. Not a single person I've come across has noticed the 120fps cap because no one can manage to reach it.And why does depth of field keep turning back on between missions?"
76561197979983102,Recommended,403640,31052990,Posted: 9 April,all,Fireseed,"Where most AAA games feel like prettied up version of what we've been playing for the past decade, Dishonered 2 actually evolves the gaming genre as a whole. This isn't dishonered 1 with fancier graphics this a game that pushes the bounderies of art and design. Each area is oozing in style.....I couldn't hit F12 enough. The gameplay and AI follow this same trend....each level is a sandbox that folds in on itself and reacts to everything they player does. Bodies don't disapear they become blood fly caccoons. That arc pylon you rewired an hour ago will be key in your grand escape. Dishonered 2 is everything video games should be...this game plays to the stengths of the meduim rather than trying to be a ""cinematic"" experience. A dark, mature, and deep game made for gamers, Dishonered raises the bar. Also...the clockwork mansion...just....holy crap. 10/10 GOTY 2016."
,Recommended,403640,31033548,Posted: 8 April,all,Dr. Doc Main (Using DLC Unlock),"-A Quick Review of : Dishonored 2-8/10This game is a lovley first person stealth game that is a great and worthy sequal to the original Dishonored 1, But there are a few flaws like the game abandoining its old scary and creepy feel to give it more of a bright and colorized style (Execpt for a few missions) and many NPCS and guards are placed in high up areas and hard to knock out without them dying this is only really a issue for pepole wanting the clean hands achivement, I would highly recommend that you buy the first game with all dlc before buying this one just to get more of a feel for the story and lore.And also, Domino is ♥♥♥♥ing overpowered as♥♥♥♥♥♥and so is bone charm crafting."
,Recommended,403640,31246123,Posted: 19 April,all,GANTRON 9000,"Just to respond to the many reviews out there that say that the game is not optimized well for PC, as of the time of this review I am having no performance issues. I am using a high end gaming PC with over 20gigs of ram and a Nvidia 1050 GPU but with that I have been able to run the game on the highest settings and it has looked beautiful, with no fps drops or crashes.Loved the first game and this one is fantastic so far, can't wait to play the rest!"
,Recommended,403640,28914096,Posted: 1 January,all,✪ Monsoon-iwnl-,I truely do recommend this game. This game is one of the best games i've ever played in 2016. If you're a really big fan of the first dishonored you're going to love this game. The story is amazing. The only thing that i would have liked is for the story to be longer it took me about 9-10 hours to beat it. My most favorite thing about the game is that you can choose between which character you want to play as and obviously they have different powers and that you can choose if you want to be stealthy or loud.
76561198271986154,Recommended,403640,33259559,Posted: 4 July,all,info level. 16,this game is vary fun
,Recommended,403640,32814412,Posted: 26 June,all,magna.magmadaederic,Great game! The mission where you have to jump back from present to past is puzzling but more importantly different ways to approach victims are very good! I hope Dishonored: Death of the Outsider have more things to offer as well!
,Recommended,403640,33167573,Posted: 2 July,all,yuriko_tranquillo,Mostly recommend this game for it's replayability.
,Recommended,403640,32107036,Posted: 1 June,all,Schu,It is literally one 9f the best games I've ever played
76561197971119269,Recommended,403640,28726177,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,MimeticNoise,"Beautiful visuals, fun gameplay, no tech problems at all."
,Recommended,403640,31192252,Posted: 16 April,all,MUMEN RIDER,"Very Good no issue with my PC; Can't run it at extrem F888king huge high erection but still the game is epic. This is the type of game taht you don't give a F888king sh*t about graphic, it could be stupid @ss block and the gameplay will still be awesome; Its Like♥♥♥♥♥sassin Creed but in good or hitman sh*tmoney but in good.I love the game; * spoiler * at one point there was a guard that spot'd me. I ♥♥♥♥ing chop'd his head off, pick up his freaking head and throw it at another guard. They all group up like ♥♥♥♥♥♥ screaming WHO DID DIZ! I used a F@CKING @$$ GRENADE AND EXPLODE them all f0ck the cops!"
76561198009813376,Recommended,403640,30053446,Posted: 20 February,all,SuperNova,Good game!Very interesting game，you can find many different ways to finish ur game，but plot ofplay just so so，if dishonored3 wants higher acachievement，need interesting drama:)
,Recommended,403640,33754865,Posted: 23 July,all,perochialjoe,It's okay. I preferred the settings of Dishonored 1 more and the game still feels like it forces more pacifist gameplay. But I still had fun. It's not a bad game but it still felt like a step down from Dishonored 1 in just about every way.
76561198030793851,Recommended,403640,33985013,Posted: 2 August,all,Blackdrive,"I write this review for the demanding buyer of the 21st century - who eschews the Twitter-sphere and read lengthy reviews longer than 150 characters. For those not matching this profile, here's my review:Stole bathing salts. Leap-frogged like Deus Ex steampunk assasin, then crawled and skidded better than Adam whats-his-name Deus Ex sexy.  Played an empress to intrigue my wife and played it right - the stealthy, non-violent way to feel like a ""real"" man.  Not done yet, but story made me laugh while drinking wine and re-loading a badjizillion times.  18/20 thumbs up.OK, it's a few more than 150 characters. A lot more.  But I suck at Tweet faux-reviews, and this game deserves a little more than that.Storyline: 8/10It's great and all, pulls at the heart strings, and I'm not too jaded to appreciate that, but I can't say that there are many personal stories beyond the main character's choices and the cut-scenes.  What more do I need? Well...Witcher 3 and Vampire Bloodlines and a number of other games provide a world of stories, in which characters each have their own perspective and their own aching tale to tell. Not only do they communicate this through letters left on desks but they plead with you, they engage in witty reparte with you, their secrets are discovered through hard choices, not just an (albeit interesting) ephemeral heart of magic.  That said, it would be unfair to rate this lower than an 8.  The fact that people's dark secrets are revealed through a magic device you can listen to is a very interesting concept. And choices do matter- and that's important.  Even if I do wish for a more open world with interesting side quests.Character design, narration: 8/10This, like above, is quite good but limited. Voice acting is superb and reaches the highest levels ...for the notable characters.  But I wish I could have some longer conversations about rumors and side quests with more characters. There are a few, and I won't give away where those are, but there are basically 1-2 per level.  For the price tag, it's comparatively little.  But I suppose Dishonored isn't really marketed as an rpg. It's an action-stealth game with rpg elements.Stealth, action: 9/10In this Disohonored 2 shines quite well.  It's a hair better than the recent Deus Ex games which are quite good (especially HR).  It provides arguably more avenues for exploration and stealth than Deus Ex: HR, and that's saying something since that has all the options of a cyberpunk world.  I really enjoy my different weapon options - sometimes using the grenades for spectacular but non-lethal ends.  The same goes for the gun.  The fact that I can destroy and distract with explosive and non-lethal force is very satisfying.  I have it on nearly the highest difficulty, short of Iron Man mode, and this requires I reload constantly.  Still, I find it incredibly satisfying to figure out the puzzle of the scenarios they give me - and often I discover odd ways to do them because of their innovative design.Graphics: 9/10I don't really feel qualified to rate this since my fairly new computer and graphics card (2.5 years old, don't laugh) only runs this on very low settings.  It's still beautiful. It still runs well.  It holds up to Deus Ex HR and whatever that newer version is, and almost as pretty as Witcher 3. Almost.  Optimization isn't as good, so maybe it's as pretty at the highest settings.  Anywho, I can't complain.Other: 9/10If you get it on sale, like I did during the Summer Sale for something like 50% off, then it's well worth it. I still wouldn't  recommend purchasing this at full price, but at that kind of deal it was money well worth it.  What else to say?  Oh!  Itsurprisingly creepy as all get-up with headphones on if you don't like insects...  Mmmm, I'm only half way through and there's a really fresh level in there that requires a lens to see things in alternate ways.  I enjoy seeing the effects of my choices in newspapers or journals or planning boards.  Nice touches. Makes it all feel realistic."
76561198210137860,Recommended,403640,28813582,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,ahancock321,The game is great.  It works fine on my computer!!!
76561197994615045,Recommended,403640,31167683,Posted: 15 April,all,sarah,"just finished the game, pros and cons imo:PROS:-you can be stealth assassin, death angel, sort of gunner or mix of all of them. the game gives you lots of options, lots of fun tools to play with. I never got bored.-good designed city/levels along with detailed graphics-very fluent gameplay.-story is not bad.CONS:-bad performance despite of i7 + gtx 1060. I even thought to refund the game. As an advice, close in game vsync and open adaptive vsync from control panel. It makes game more bearable and stable.-story is predictable(but not boring) and game is too short and missions are not strongly connected. Kill this, kill that and here you go, you are the empress again. The game proceeds fast more than adequate and some missions lack of detail.Overall, I like it and it definitely deserves your time. Go for it."
76561197972606516,Recommended,403640,30951361,Posted: 4 April,all,Luciano StarKiller,Same formula and gameplay of the original but for some reason this just didn't make me feel like the last one.When you add the fact that the otimization is on the downside it just becomes a Buy on a Sale game instead of a Must Buy like the original.
76561198042588557,Recommended,403640,29288828,Posted: 15 January,all,Rain,"Everything about this is amazing. I have a I7-6700k at 4.5 with a Asus 1070 and everything run perfectly at 120 frames steady on very high settings, havent tried ultra becasue it already looks amazing. This game is an amazing edition to the first and captures everything right from the first and more... They all say its not optimised but as long as you are running a decent i7 and anything above 1060 you will have no problems."
,Recommended,403640,30858894,Posted: 31 March,all,XXXLil Notorious A$AP O.L.E :),"My experience with this game can be summed as thus: every update I found myself testing the changes, nodding in satisfaction, then quitting the game to await the next update.Arkane knows how to make a good game. No question. But if you film an Oscar-worthy movie and the lens is smudged while filming, you can't judge what's underneath without acknowledging what's been marring your experience the entire time.=============================PERFORMANCEEveryone is aware of the performance issues, and these still persist to this day. It runs much better than at launch, where it was literally unplayable, but that's because the game looks worse than before - the most noticeable change being the extremely aggressive LOD scaling. Out of the corner of your eye you notice the shapes of window frames and posters on distant buildings morphing in shape, or the furniture at the opposite end of a long hallway suddenly blinking into existence. FPS dropped to 15 when stabbing a gravehound, so they simply removed the inky visual effect that was causing the problem instead of optimizing it.Also, Denuvo authentication is one of the longest ""loading screens"" of the game. Around half a minute to a full minute or more every startup.=============================GAMEPLAYFor the most part, gameplay is excellent and is Dishonored's strongest suit.Dark Vision was changed to a blurry short range sonar so unlike Dishonored 1 you aren't constantly seeing blue and yellow because you had no reason not toAI is much smarterNonlethal combat options are a blastBonecharm crafting system allows for player flexibility and ""builds""Each level feels lived-in while maintaining the duality of directive flow and open options that made the first game so good.Emily and Corvo have distinct animations and final weapon upgrades. The animations are supremely cool.Each level is fairly distinct, some with extremely interesting central ""gimmicks."" I do, however, wish the game relied less on them and had more ""regular"" areas.However, under the hood lie other problems. Most of them are quality-of-life issues:Gone are the hotkeys for journal, inventory, bonecharms, powers. Only one ""journal"" exists now, despite still having separate subsections.It took months for the power wheel to be fixed. It took almost a full second after activating to pop up and be usable, breaking flow so badly I almost never used it in the first place. It's finally fixed now, but this issue was glaring and it took so long to be addressed most of us played through without it fixed.Thrown objects don't always go exactly where your crosshair is. While this adds a layer of difficulty, it feels noticeably more clunky than in the first game.Mana regen is pitifully slow. From using a power to fully regenerating, Dishonored 1's time is 4.7 seconds -> 3.1 seconds with Spiritual Pool. Dishonored 2's time with 4x Spiritual Pool is 6.3s -> 5.5s. The devs said they fixed this effect, but it was only made worse.Bugs. Street speakers not playing. Dying after possessing gravehounds. An arc pylon never shutting down after pulling out its power, leaving it to either be dangerous to you to dangerous to your nonlethal playthrough. Some of these still aren't fixed.=============================STORY AND ATMOSPHEREReactivityGreat. My favorite part of Dishonored. You need to hide from a gang member to access a certain black market shop, and there are different scenarios and dialogue for if you hide, if you run into him outside, kill him outside, or kill him inside.Emily and CorvoEmily and Corvo are voiced. And... they don't talk enough. It's good that they're silent for most of the game, but there are times when you come across a portrait or photograph with an ""Inspect"" prompt. I'd love to hear Emily's thoughts on the High Overseer as see how that compares to Corvo's, or if it changes based on whether or not you accept the Outsider's Mark. Instead, all I get is the protagonist muttering the name of the person pictured. What's the point? Might as well keep them silent.It made sense to me to play Emily first, but her story felt lackluster, like people at every turn were saying ""check your royal privilege"" despite my efforts to resolve everyone's problems without drawing blood. Corvo's is MUCH more interesting as a veteran of Dishonored 1.The Outsider and The VoidI hate the new Outsider and his new voice. He felt threatening and malicious in the first game due to how calm and composed he was, and the Void felt like a strange and otherworldly place. The vignettes of Dunwall made it feel both unnatural and unnerving yet fundamentally woven into the universe. In Dishonored 2, it's just smoky blackness and sharp rocks. The Outsider is much jollier and moves around erratically, making grandiose hand gestures. They actually had a plot plot that could explain this change, but it was never addressed, so it just seems like a pointless retcon to me.Main PlotDishonored's worldbuilding was always one of its appeals, and that remains true in Dishonored 2. However, the villains felt lackluster. Only the main villain has a real presence throughout the game, whereas everyone else feels introduced abruptly only to fall by your hand, all within the same mission. In Dishonored 1 everything felt personal and real. Perhaps it was because of the long intro where you interacted with most of them, or the Hound Pits's cast of characters all having different connections to your targets.=============================As you can see, I've played this game a LOT and have put a lot of thought into it. It was definitely worth all those hours and all that money, but the condition it was at launch and the sluggish drip-feed of support we barely get now is unacceptable. To set a precedent for future games, I can't recommend buying this unless they manage to fix all the performance issues and bugs, which doesn't seem to be happening anytime soon."
,Not Recommended,403640,32657884,Posted: 22 June,all,Mushroom Monarch,"Huge disappointment.This game I bought for myself and my friend after really enjoying the first game. First off was the fact thatr this was a horrible port, with many bugs, poor framerate and lag. Second was the game itself, comapred to the first one the story played out almost exactly the same, family gets captured, go save them, not too big of a problem. Then came the gameplay itself; while being fun, it is extremely short, shorter than the original. Yes, you can go back and replay the game with different approaches in the end I felt the fun wear down by the second to last mission. Even though I was playing on the hardest difficulty, I still didn't find the need to explore or than for the sake of achivements.All in all its a mediocre game and your better off replaying the original."
76561198034081105,Not Recommended,403640,31247880,Posted: 19 April,all,razor353,It would be nice if it ran longer than 20 min before crashing.
76561198052319931,Recommended,403640,28700662,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Swamp Fox,"I don't know what all the fuss is about. The port is fine and the game runs beautifully. I'm really glad I got it during this sale. I just got into the second part so I'm not far, but frames seem fine and the story is building nicely... That being stated, I am running nvidia 1060 on ultra everything and it's great. Hope that helps some potential buyers out there... hope this thing doesn't ruin the experience for amd folks. GLHF :D"
,Recommended,403640,33134323,Posted: 2 July,all,S3cretPlayerX,"I wish they kept the ""feel"" of the first game. I was disappointed on some characters. I played the DLC from dishonored sobeing the villain IMO wasn't a good choice. Voice actor for outsider was different and IMO just wasn't appealing. I wished Corvo remained silent, adds to BAMF he was. ""Megan"" was misused.The story was essentially ""The Lion King"" in Emily case. Which made me regret playing as her.The gameplay remain the same which was good  however the story made it average.3/5"
76561198021430942,Recommended,403640,34505117,Posted: 26 August,all,Eyesicle,"Im back in the shoes of Corvo ,dunno about Emily's shoes thou . Nevertheless  it brings back the grin in my face."
,Recommended,403640,31075872,Posted: 11 April,all,PrettyP1nk,"The Hunger Games. First movie, ""Great stuff!"" The next, ""Wowah, it's only been a year. Where'd all this si-fi come from? Clearly they have a bigger buget!"" The third, ""Okay the si-fi in unrealilistic now."" The forth, well, tbh I never saw it as I'm not a fan of splitting stuff into two parts.This is how I feel about Dishonored 2. I wish it was more low-key, because I loved the AA game style. The bigger is better idea really isn't working for me.Great game, still fun, but following the poor example of all AAA games in recent years. (Except the Witcher 3)"
76561197999579232,Recommended,403640,34114557,Posted: 8 August,all,brah,"Visually and story-wise it is stunning. If you're looking for an immersive experience, a world rich with history, lore and complex characters, this is the game. A rightful heir to the first Dishonored game. This game is not about shooting or mindless killing (although you can do that too with exquisite brutalilty) but rather about asking questions, seeking an answer and engaging in a very beautifully designed and executed reality. Stealth and exploration are definitely encouraged and preferred for a full experience. There are truly deep questoins asked by the game, such as the nature and use of power, perspective on the same situation from different angles, and what you become as a result of your actions. The game transcends our reality and opens our minds to reflection on the nature of our position in the world and how we make choices. Plus, it's a hell of a lot of fun and with it exquisite visual style, it surpasses most games in terms of overall experience. It's like reading a great book. It stays with you. You need to take time with it too."
76561198123161414,Recommended,403640,34220243,Posted: 13 August,all,frog,"The game is great ... But on the second run. There should be an option to start any run with the charms and powers you want, already unlocked. The first run is about collecting charms and runes to unlock abilities so you have to spend (too) much time seeking for these on every level. The game truly express itself when your character (pick Corvo btw Emily is just garbage) is fully capable. You have the resources and focus to enjoy the storyline and plan interesting schemes to complete your objs.Great game anyways."
,Recommended,403640,34206325,Posted: 12 August,all,BrandoMonk,"I just finished the game. I really liked it, a lot. The world-building was beautiful, each mission a pleasure to play, however the end game felt a bit rushed and abrubt. The black market glitch in mission 8 was a real bummer. I had the one where the guy was stuck and selecting the high-jacked password did nothing."
76561198096031910,Recommended,403640,29876856,Posted: 12 February,all,Eco,A very well done follow-up to the original masterpiece!
76561197990744770,Recommended,403640,29880229,Posted: 12 February,all,Hobo,Just finished my second playthrough on my (slightly underspec) laptop. Huge fan on the first one and happy to say they did a great job with this one. Definitely reccomended if you're a fan on stealth games or the first Dishonoured.
76561198094515661,Recommended,403640,26571667,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,verochakon95,"It´s AMAZING! I loved the first one, but now i like more this! Maybe Bethesda will do the third one...I strongly recommend this game."
76561198074703056,Not Recommended,403640,26610427,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Mixo,after 30 min crash the game to windows 60 Euro not worth it for 30 min
,Recommended,403640,26763415,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Sahib Esquire the pizza wizard,"Really way to early to write a review, but since the circumstances are as such I will just update when I have put more time into the game. I have waited until yesterday (22/11/2016) with my purchase because of the performance issues. (yay me, for not pre-ordering)But patch 1.2 and the reviews since the patch was released have convinced me to try it and I have been playing for 3 hours now. I must say that the game up until now has been just excellent, it really rewards creativity and it is so much fun as well as rewarding to feel yourself get stronger and better. It already feels better than the first game, so congrats on getting some of the kinks out and improving upon an already great game. (playing high chaos, mainly assault, Corvo)I'll probably update when I have played both characters in both high and low chaos. An excellent start to a wonderful story so far and it looks amazing. (So far it runs really well on high and very high settings for me; Geforce GTX 960m, 8 GB Ram DDR4, Intel I5-6300HQ (2,3 ghz max 2,8), operating system windows 10)"
,Not Recommended,403640,26788818,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Bill Dauterive,"What a worthless pice of Sh!t this game is.... 59.99 for what? A game that wont even start?! I'm amaized at how much games are getting released half baked and not even ready to play. Don't waste your time or money with this untill they can actually pull their thumbs out of their you know what, and give us a game that will work. Useless..."
76561198038297851,Recommended,403640,26530854,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,WOWNK,"i7 4790kgtx 980ti oc16 gb vengeance pro ram3, 1 tb SSD's.windows 10directx 12.0all drivers up to date.160 fps avg on battlefield 1 max settings..40 avg on dishonored 2 with lowest settings.loved the first game so much i 100%'d every ending and dlc. but this is bs...Found it runs pretty decently with vsvync on, adaptive resolution at 60, and all of my settings set to high except for textuers , view distance, and shadows which are at medium. Will maintain 60 atleast... but this is♥♥♥♥♥♥on my 144 hz monitor so.Recommended because i have faith in bethesda. Dishonored 1 ran amazingly."
,Recommended,403640,26752886,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Golog Kester,Pretty♥♥♥♥♥♥♥good m8
76561198003845601,Recommended,403640,26765903,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,gagetmorris,"I've been playing through the game with next to no issues so far. Ive played through as a low chaos Emily and a high chaos Corvo and each level is so different that it makes the game feel like a dynamic world. Npcs will have different conversations depending on who you play. How many people you've killed influences the dangers of the world and will lead to more difficult end levels.The game is amazing, it feels alive and fresh with every playthrough. Numerous possibilities allow for numerous playthroughs, making the game well worth it's money. THe first Dishonored was one of my favorite games, and it makes me excited to say this one has surpassed it in every way."
,Recommended,403640,26847455,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Hodor,"Amazing gameplay, but runs like your grandma."
,Recommended,403640,26520381,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Artix of Astora,"To anyone looking at these early reports of a poor port...please note that I think there may be more at work here. My PC is only modestly powerful by today's standards, and Dishonored 2 has been running like a dream. I'm not sure what's causing the issues people are reporting, but it's not happening to everyone.I'll update this review with further thoughts, but I will say that I am so far really enjoying this follow-up. It's exactly what I liked from the first game, with some improvements and fresh ideas/mechanics."
,Recommended,403640,26532712,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Papa Leon,"Usually when a game is launched and received heavy backlash regarding its optimization, i will just hit the refund button. *Looking at you Mafia 3*Dishonored 2 is having the same crappy optimization AGAIN, i mean you expect me to believe i can't run Dishonored 2 on high settings with stable 60fps using a GTX980 ? I could max out most settings on Witcher 3 and the game looks 100x better than Dishonored 2. Unless Void Engine is just terrible or whatever.BUTI STILL LOVE THIS GAME. ITS OPENING, THE FAMILIAR FEELINGS FROM THE PREQUEL, THE LORE, THE CHARACTERS, THE GAMEPLAY. ETC IF ONLY IT IS WELL OPTIMIZED. F***.I would rather have Arkane Studios delayed the game for few months just to polish the game even futher. And here we are again...TL:DR:Just buy this game if you don't mind the FPS drop from time to time.In CD Projekt Red i trust."
,Recommended,403640,26604063,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,MaxOfS2D,"This sequel is as good as the first game, but in different ways. It's better in some aspects and worse in others. Usually reviews are more informative when people tell you what they didn't like, so here's my two cents:Karnaca didn't feel as good as Dunwall; less cohesive, less lived-in, samey-samey... there are a couple of really great locations but besides them, it feels like there is a bit of wasted potential. In fact, in most ways the city really feels like Dunwall II: Desert Edition, but without the things that made Dunwall its own great original universe in the first game. Don't get me wrong, the design of Karnaca itself is great and imaginative in a lot of ways, but to me, it felt like it wasn't as cohesive as Dunwall.The story has a smaller focus, as weird as it might sound; it's also more cliché than before. It can be summed up as ""big bad arrives, now get rid of big bad"". One of the great things that was added, narrative-wise, is the addition of many, many, MANY conversations you can overhear, but these are sprinkles on a cake that wasn't very big to begin with. Whereas in D1, the narrative was greatly augmented with all the background lore and stories, like the whales and how they play into the world and all that. The game also touches on the underlying of ""take back your empire"" and the implications of it (you're an empress, but is bloodright really what should make you a ruler), but only very briefly, which is disappointing and shallow. There are many great little narrative pieces in D2 but the main storyline is shallow. In a way, you could argue it's starting to, worryingly, resemble other games funded by Bethesda.Gameplay-wise, a ton of little niggles that can all be summed up as: it's really easy to try to do something you thought was gonna succeed but then it doesn't work out and the consequences are disproportionate. Far Reach (Emily's blink magic) is also weird in how it behaves and can be annoyingly tricky to aim. So you're really encouraged to save scum.Overall... did you like Dishonored 1? Then you'll like the sequel, but it might either disappoint you or surprise you a little. Either way, I feel like it doesn't surpass the achievements of the original."
,Not Recommended,403640,26653064,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Mattauz,"runs so badly its unbearable, don't waste your time with this game. Glad I refunded"
,Not Recommended,403640,26680019,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Burgyiv,a big disapointment
,Recommended,403640,26763885,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Axe Raider,"10/10 Game of the Year material in my book. What an absolute masterpiece. The ""recommended length"" of the game is 12-20 hrs but it took me 36 hrs to finish my first low chaos Emily playthrough. The levels are packed with deep optional content and the envirionments are so stunning that I found myself just wandering and exploring for a lot longer than I anticipated to.The level design in this game is second to none. They offer so many options in how to traverse the dense districts of Karnaca and allow for a variety of paths to be taken. Combat is damn fantastic as well. I missed out on all the fun killing because I never killed anyone in my first playthrough, and now I'm just going to town with High Chaos Corvo.There's so many quality of life improvements in this game over the first one. The Heart, for one, is now re-designed to how people actually used it in the first game and will even narrate the personalitieis and character of those who you aim it at, completely changing the way you play because you now get to decide who gets to live and who gets to die. Bonecharm crafting is another welcome addition, now allowing you to sacrifice crap bonecharms that you may not need for your specific playstyle in exchange for whalebone and letting you craft more powerful versions of the bonecharms that you do want.There's so many decisions and varities to play this. Emily or Corvo? Stealth or Assault? High Chaos or Low Chaos? Lethal or Nonlethal? Upgrade your existing powers or acquire new ones? On top of that, you get to decide how to want to navigate through the level, which offers more choices in playstyles. This is player freedom at its best.Story is significantly improved over the first game too. I personally enjoyed it a lot more. Loved the fact that you had to have played both the DLCs to really comprehend what's going on here. A+ stuff, Arkane."
,Recommended,403640,26829093,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,VileFinPuddleJumper,"After the patch, It is worth the purchase."
76561197993439542,Not Recommended,403640,26887696,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Josh,"Very meh. Not a terrible game, just nothing really new. Playing it just to get through it, then it decided to ruin all of my saves (crashes to desktop when loading) so now I have to restart. Requested a refund. Don't buy it."
,Recommended,403640,26919742,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,isaacfess,This game is Amazing.Dispite the PC problems some people have been having I had minimal issues.Anyways back to the review. If you liked Dishonored 1 you will love this too.It even has things i wanted in the first game like Drop assasinations that are non lethel!The graphics are better. The controls are about the same. The story is in my opinion slightly more dull than the first but it is enjoyable. I played as Corvo my first time and it was great. Now I'm playing with Emily and I have to say i like Corvo's Powers more.My Rating 9.5/10
,Not Recommended,403640,26514387,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Splatterhausen,"The question is, did you guys even playtest the game? ON PC?! I mean really, the loading screens are lagging ffs. Dishonored 1 ran and looked beautiful. I configured the game to look near to, if not worse than, Dishonored 1, and it runs like garbage. This is disrespectful to the PC community and Dishonored 1 itself.  Another thing, the mainstream gaming community did not help with this either. All anyone ever asked Arkane Studios about pertaining to Dishonored 2 was the storyline. Everyone just took for granted how well Dishonored 1 ran and never pressured Arkane to make sure the game ran as well as Dishonored 1. What a shame. Until this game runs as sufficiently as it should, i cannot recommend it."
76561198062791672,Recommended,403640,26570418,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,jasonm1991,"so im just going to say it outright, i had no perfomance issues with this game. the only thing i found was a few glitchy moments in the final boss zone.if your thinking on getting this game and you know your computer can handle it, then do it. this is a fantastic sequel that has managed to improve on the already amazingly fun gameplay.SLIGHT SPOILERS AHEAD (i think this was shown in a trailer but just incase)there really isnt much i could think of to improve this other than perhaps add more moments for the time traveling ability. that level was honestly so fun to jump between realities and grief the NPCs."
76561198231452444,Not Recommended,403640,26570419,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,KarlMarxxx,What a lousy port.
,Recommended,403640,28999569,Posted: 3 January,all,TheDarkDragon0,Best game ever
,Not Recommended,403640,32371975,Posted: 12 June,all,RaulTheGhoul,"After almost a year I can finally give this game a proper review.Initial Reaction and PerformanceFirst off I want to mention that when this released it was buggy, ran poorly, and was an overall mess. I was running an i5 4690K and a Radeon R9 380 which should have been enough IMO at the time and was between the min and recommended specs for the game. Unfortunately I couldn’t even manage a steady 60Fps even at the lowest settings. The frames dropped all the time with seemingly no reason, didn’t matter if I was in a large or small area. So I waited, and waited, and tried to play again a few months later and it was still♥♥♥♥♥♥ About a month ago I was able to upgrade my graphics card to a 1060 Ti and the game is finally playable for me. However, even with a better card the game still drops frames in large areas. I could mitigate that with adaptive resolution but it honestly makes far off textures look awful.The next thing to mention would be the bugs. I have not encountered many but the ones I have encountered were pretty frustrating. The first I one was the game crashing when I hit select to enter the character menu. This set me back a couple times since I don’t save the game every time I go to that menu. The second bug is in regards to the final upgrade for the crossbow. For some reason, no matter which one I chose, as soon as I selected it for purchase the game would crash. I even re-validated my game files since I assumed I was missing the files for it somehow. Overall not the buggiest game but definitely annoying.I give it a 4/10 for performance, mainly due to its release day cluster♥♥♥♥.Gameplay/MechanicsDishonored 2 feels very much like the first one, which is good. Controls are familiar, powers work in the same way, and the feedback from the game is smooth. Now I may be wrong here but the Blink and Shadow Reach abilities seem a bit more finnicky than in the first game (I know Shadow Reach isn’t in D1 but it is basically a variant of Blink). The one critique I have, albeit a small one, is in regards to drawers in the game such as cash registers and desk drawers. Why on earth did you make it so goddamn precise to pickup items in a drawers? When I open a cash register with 4 tiny♥♥♥♥♥items in it, why did you make it so I can close the register!? Again, it’s a small thing to complain about but honestly it made no sense to me. Just make it permanently open after I open so I don’t accidently close it when trying to take the very small contents.I give the gameplay a 8/10 for being about as good as the first Dishonored.StoryI didn’t find the main plotline of the game to be anything spectacular, but it was enjoyable. The levels were well made and provided many avenues to get thru the mission, the characters were well written and didn’t feel dull, and the home base was a fresh change in comparison to the Pub in D1. I would say that of all the missions “A Crack in the Slab” was by far the best.This mission added a whole new mechanic to the game, allowing you to go to the past and actually change the present. I didn’t realize how drastic a change it would actually make, and was really impressed by it.  The device you are given is also pretty impressive, being able to actually view into both the past and present was a very cool piece of game design. It’s unfortunate that it was only used for a singular level but it does make sense since the mansion is the only place in the world that has The Void leaking into it.The games conclusion was a bit lackluster, it provided closure but not the future. D1 ended in a way that allowed for D2 to be made, but the same does not occur for D2. I am not saying that a third Dishonored needs to be made, but I would have liked there to be room for it. They may do this in “Death of the Outsider”, or just end the game there. If that is the case it kinda feels scummy to place the end of the series in a DLC. I guess we’ll just have to wait and see.I enjoyed Dishonored 2 and give the story a 7/10, fairly good yet lacking.ConclusionDishonored 2 is a fun game, and a well crafted continuation of Corvo and Emily’s story. The gameplay was great, the story was good, and the performance of the game sucked initially for me and many others. I can’t not recommend this game as I did enjoy it, but I also can’t recommend it due to how poorly optimized it was at launch and may still be for others. I really wish there was a middle ground option for reviews, but since there isn’t I am going to keep this as not recommended since  myself and many others were screwed out of being able to play this game comfortably on day 1."
76561198015422723,Not Recommended,403640,28832953,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,plesiosavr,Worse performance ever seen!
76561197993941975,Not Recommended,403640,31085804,Posted: 11 April,all,Uncle W,"The fps drops by as much as 50% in the early stages of the game, even though the CPU and GPU loads are not even close to 100%, and, once you get to Karnaca, the game simply becomes unplayable in certain spots. I'm sorry I called Arkham Knight a poorly optimized mess; I just didn't know what a poorly optimized mess really was. Dishonored 2 is an amazing game, but this port is terrible."
,Recommended,403640,32358435,Posted: 11 June,all,Ro,In terms of raw gameplay this one is better than the first game however the story and the characters are lacking compared to the first game making completing missions less satisfying.
,Recommended,403640,28548672,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Endscape,"Very fun game! I'm playing on my Lenovo laptop, running the game on HIGH settings. Game works for me np :)Story could use some work, but no reason to not get the game!"
,Not Recommended,403640,26518247,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Conkerkid11,"To kick this review off, I'd like to point out I haven't played much of this game yet, because I feel it's necessary to warn people that it runs like garbage, and it's probably one of the worst PC ports this year.First off, let's name off a couple Bethesda games and their game engines.GAME ENGINESRAGE - id Tech 5Dishonored 1 - Unreal Engine 3Wolfenstein: The New Order and The Old Blood - id Tech 5The Evil Within - id Tech 5DOOM - id Tech 6Dishonored 2 - Modified version of id Tech 5 named Void EngineWhat does all of this mean? The first Dishonored looked and ran great. The art style is similar this time around in Dishonored 2. Those familiar with it should know that it's more stylized than most art styles, and isn't going for realism like a lot of other games are. Characters have cartoon-like proportions. All of this is fine. What isn't fine is that Dishonored 2 looks almost identical to Dishonored 1, yet it runs incredibly badly because for whatever reason, the developers decided to jump from Unreal Engine 3, which is a fantastic engine, to id Tech 5, a garbage game engine that hasn't had a single decently performing game on it.id Tech 5 kicked things off with RAGE, a game well known for it's terrible performance, that to this day has major issues with blurry textures whenever you move your camera too much, because the game is streaming in high quality textures based on what's in the player's field of vision. That's in an FPS by the way, a genre where you're constantly moving your camera around.Then you've got Wolfenstein: The New Order and The Old Blood, two games that looked great, but also performed very poorly.Then you've got The Evil Within, a game that launched with ""cinematic"" black bars on the top and bottom of the screen, allowing the game to perform slightly better, as it wasn't rendering nearly as much as it would be if it were using the entire screen. The game still runs like garbage though.Finally, we've got Dishonored 2 here, using a modified version of id Tech 5, but let's be real here, this comes with all the issues that id Tech 5 games do, and then some. There's a reason DOOM 2016 is using id Tech 6. id Tech 5 is a terrible game engine. DOOM looks and runs absolutely great.SO WHAT'S WRONG WITH DISHONORED 2?I haven't had to wrestle with the visual and control settings for a game to get it to work somewhat properly this much since... Well... I can't come up with a decent recent example.Right out of the gate, you've got mouse smoothing in the menus that cannot be turned off, causing a slight delay between you moving your mouse, and the game detecting that your mouse is being moved. Mouse movement also seems to be tied to your framerate, so with all the framerate instability, you can see where that might become an issue.This can be somewhat fixed by digging through the game files and changing the .cfg file found here: %USERPROFILE%\Saved Games\Arkane Studios\dishonored2\base\dishonored2Config.cfgThere's a line somewhere near the bottom of that file that says: g_mouseSmooth ""1""Change the ""1"" to a ""0"".You've got auto-detected video settings, which for me look like they're mostly set to medium, and I have a GTX 970 and an i7 4770k. The game runs at about 70fps with very frequent dips. Like, the game is stuttering constantly, which is why I'm writing a review rather than playing it. People called Batman: Arkham Knight unplayable due to its performance on PC at launch, and I was able to tolerate that with these current computer specs, but I cannot tolerate the performance issues with Dishonored 2, and I've only done the tutorial.If you turn off v-sync to reduce input lag while in exclusive fullscreen mode, it actually massively increases input lag, on top of adding screen tearing.NPC dialogue outside of cutscenes is distorted and also likely tied to performance, making most NPCs impossible to understand. Turn subtitles on I guess.In task manager, you'll also notice that the game by default is set to ""low priority"" for whatever reason, meaning your computer is putting in the least effort possible to run Dishonored 2 in comparison to every other program set to a higher priority. Most every program defaults to two tiers above ""low"" at ""normal"", meaning just about every single program you have running in the background is going to effect your performance in this game even more than a normal game. You can change the priority yourself, but it resets back to ""low"" without warning, and there's nothing you can do about it.SUMMARYAvoid this bad port like hot garbage. Wait for the devs to maybe eventually fix the game, however unlikely that is, considering there isn't a single well performing game running on this game engine. Maybe wait for Dishonored 3 when the devs move onto Unreal Engine 4 or id Tech 6.This is all incredibly disappointing, considering the gameplay and level design seem great so far."
76561198038327709,Not Recommended,403640,26530673,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,ApathetiX,Windows 10i7 5930K @ 4.4 GHz2x GTX Titan X16 GB RAMUnable to play this game at ultra settings at 4K  with my setup which makes no sense whatsoever. I was a huge fan of the first Dishonored but this sequal cannot be recommended to anyone.
76561198032105360,Recommended,403640,26517967,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Weaponized Urine™,"This review completely ignores the FPS issues reported all over the place. I'm not concerned about optimization; am confident Arkane is committed to fixing issues related to optimization.The attention Dishonored 2's designers paid to voice acting, character design, world design, sound design, and story design = stunning; the game is beautiful with an immersive story."
76561198056291097,Recommended,403640,26524009,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Xabilumu,"Yo guysFor anyone suffering from major fps loss during gameplay:I am using a gtx 970, install new drivers for you nvidia card + use geforce experience to optimise the game for you.This worked for me I am running the game now on high settings with a smooth 60 frames per second.The game is awesome and I recommend it strongly if you have ever played and or liked dishonored 1."
,Not Recommended,403640,26526333,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Kaden,"First cutscene full of lag and audio glitches, voices even cut out! Wait for fixes!"
,Not Recommended,403640,26532964,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,2ThirdsLegsLyon,"Unless you have a super-freaking good computer, this game is not for you.Whilst my computer isn't a top-notch gaming computer, it's still got pretty decent specs, but for reasons unknown to me, this game is taking up around 97% of my cpu, and doesn't even launch to the point I can play it."
76561198077693589,Recommended,403640,26534104,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Tabdoine,"Absolutelly no performace issues on Nvidia gtx960, Intel Core i3-4130 and windows 8.1. I am a huge fan of first part of the game and got all achievements i Dishonored. I love how Arkane Studio managed to include all best elements od D1 in D2 and also added some new ideas, for example: bone charm crafting."
,Recommended,403640,26536479,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,TurboKurwa,"A true masterpiece that doesn't sway from the original experience.The only con is that it's horribly optimized, I'm running a GTX 1070 windforce OC with a i5-6400 and at max settings 1080p when arriving in Karnaca it dropped down to 45-50 FPS, even when lowering shadow settings, Anti aliasing, view distance and water quality it still drops down to a constant 50-55 FPS, althought I hope it's going to change as updates roll out."
,Recommended,403640,26539101,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Manbearpig,"Game is fantastic so far! Runs smooth for me with gtx 1070, 16gb ram, i7-3770 @ 3,4ghz. Ultra settings and have over 60+ fps. Some fps drops occure, but its not that bothering really. Its fully playable if you meet the systemreqs.Just finished first level at nearly 6hrs.. gotta explore everything and chaos level low :D"
76561198132877942,Recommended,403640,27144055,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Unitato,"Don't usually review things but -Dishonored 2 was pretty fun. There were some bugs here and there, overall I did not experience many fps drops or stutters. The overall experience was wholesome, though some might have found the price and the hype not lived up to. The first game was legendary, though the 2nd game managed to reiterate what we enjoyed in the first game, many people - including me - possibly expected more.Also please let us restart a level."
,Not Recommended,403640,26524115,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Ed's Chowder Heads,MEGALAGMEGALUL
76561197984983111,Recommended,403640,26533425,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Bob Smith,i3 CPURX 480Runs flawlessly in 1080p.Great mission structure.  Avoided nearly every enemy in first mission but climbing walls and going through offices to the checkpoint. Could have masscred 20 guards if desired.  Greatly improved gameplay over Dishonored I.
76561198048344368,Not Recommended,403640,26537605,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Mankar the shite weaver,"Much like the new deus ex, its a good game hidden beneath a♥♥♥♥♥♥port.I tried setting it to high priority but it still stutters like an epileptic in a disco.Edit: Well im glad to say that after 3 patches i have a 2 fps increase thanks bethesda."
76561198042441510,Recommended,403640,26538745,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Zenogais176,"Let's cut right to it: this game needs some serious patches for the graphics options. Everything else... story, gameplay, voice acting... they're all GREAT. But seeing white dots where the seams are for buildings moving like ants or having really blurry edges to vision, or a FPS rate drop to under 30 fps for no good reasons is killing this game.That being said, I think if they patch out the problems, this game can be a titanic success. You might just want to wait a while to pick it up on Steam.-----11/11/16 day 1 update-----They patched the game about 3 times during the day that I kept track of. The game is MUCH more playable now. Still some tiny anti-aliasing issues giving the appearance of white dots occasionally on some structures, but the FPS, graphics quality, and sound are more in line with what was expected. Still not perfect, but now it actually feels like Dishonored, with just one annoying problem instead of multiple ones. If you're on the fence, go ahead and pick the game up now. Bethesda and Arkane proved to me today, (launch day) that they are serious about patching problems and the game is much better for it."
76561198051404118,Not Recommended,403640,26521623,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Wertybolt,Needs heavy polishing regarding performance.
76561198006671041,Recommended,403640,26527222,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Voren Redden,"The ending answered less for its series then mass effect's answered for one damn episode. I was heavily disappointed in that. Fix your sh*t guys.On the other note, it was a fun game, great graphics, story was mostly compelling, and the new stuff was quite amazing. Quick hint, Play as Emily. Such a badass~"
,Recommended,403640,26533069,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,dbPieter,"So far, all that I wanted in this game is present and greatly improved. Difficulty seems way up (the gaurds detect you way faster than in D1), maps are greatly expanded and arsenal and magic has been improved.Replayability, something that was very present in D1, seems even more amped up by the ability to choose between two main characters.Storywise it seems to be spot on again, from the very beginning you want to take revenge of everybody who's doing you wrong. It's a bit weird though thatSokolov is playing ""the good guy"" while his way of treating people in D1 was very gruesomeA negative-ish point is that the game is high on resources, maybe more than it should be. The game allocates 8GB (private bytes, 4GB actually used) of ram so it seems that a total of 8 might be too low. VRAM wise it uses about 85% of 4GB (on a GTX970). No doubt patches will be on the way to address this issue."
76561198041326150,Not Recommended,403640,26535066,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Bradzilla,"What a shame, Dont understand how they have this long to make a game and still manage to ♥♥♥♥ it up. Horrible port fps drops everywhere unplayable."
76561197994871201,Not Recommended,403640,26536057,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Deepfriedsalad,♥♥♥♥♥optimization
,Not Recommended,403640,26536082,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Eben3003,"UPDATE!!! - 11/26/2016This game is still very poorly optimized on the PC port which renders it unplayable.I have an Radeon r9 390 graphics card with 16 GB of memory and I tried playing this game in all settings(low, medium, high, ultra) and yet there's still tons of sudden FPS drops from 60 FPS to a sudden 15 - 25 FPS.Also there are a ton of bugs which I could not comprehend, there was a time when I killed a guard and whilst in the process of doing so I pushed him and he went past through the wall, he ended up being halfway in the wall with his arms and feet streching outside the wall for me to see.There are so many bugs and I stating each one of them would take too long. The DEVs must fix all these glitches, FPS drops and bugs. It's really annoying and I really regreted preordering this game. Although with all these bugs, the story so far have been excellent but this would not be my reason to recommend this game. At this state it renders the game unplayable and unenjoying.I hope they get to fix it fast so everyone of us will be able to enjoy this game's experience. Peace."
76561197992018388,Not Recommended,403640,26537802,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,A Nubile MGTOW,"My PC exceeds the reccomended specs but the game is currently unplayable due to severe performance issues. When I say ""unplayable"" I don't mean that it's below my standards, I mean that it is literally impossible to proceed once I reach an outdoor area. I want to like this game so I'll update this review if they fix it, but as of now it's a solid 0/10."
76561198007104663,Recommended,403640,26538845,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Mr. Roboto,"Excellent game. Great story, great gameplay, and great graphics. The AI is very intelligent and the levels are so well designed."
,Not Recommended,403640,26548062,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,HaxCookiesDK,Too hard even on easy
,Recommended,403640,26520338,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Senaris,"I don't understand these 'bad reviews' of 'bad optimisations'. The game works flawlessly. If you have a potato pc just play on LOW or NORMAL, down in my days there wasn't any ULTRA or EXTREME configuration for graphics lol.I do encountered a problem using the mouse wheel [clicking], the game seems to freeze.Anyhow, regarding the game.[+] Improved graphics[+] I love the new models.[+] I love how the world changes if you're killing everyone around you, it's faster this time [from level to level]"
76561198092976107,Not Recommended,403640,26521658,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,SLYR117,as little of the game ive gotten to play so far its good feels like the sequel we've waiting for.HOWEVER..it is almost impossible to actually play. constant framerate drops so servere you cant function in the game. after restarting it the resolution and is screwed up i cant even see the menu to change the settings. in its current state i cannot recommend purchase of this game.my specs:i5 4690K 3.5ghzGTX 97016gb ram250gb SSDwindows 10 64bitBethesda please fix this i want to play this so bad.
,Recommended,403640,26535794,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,See you guys in Turbo Heaven,"This game seems to be getting  a lot of hate and as far as I can tell it's mostly about performance.Let the devs fix those issues, wait a month or two before buying.As for the actual game though it's the equal of Dishonored as far as story and might actually be better as far as game playso ♥♥♥♥ it I think 8/10 is a fair score"
76561197960655200,Recommended,403640,26536013,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Ultra54,"Intel Core i5 @ 3.8, 16 g of ram, MSI GTX-9800The game run nice and smooth for me. Generally between 40-60 fps set at very high with no AA. Obviously not very far in but it looks breath taking and the gameplay seams fantastic. A mixed overall score is ridiculous...it should read overwhelmingly positive.I just completed the game and I will say it is one of the finest games I have played. I'll be playing throug again right away."
,Recommended,403640,26536640,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,TimonusI,"It is good game. You know, why, if you played first one. Some perfomance problems, but in 2k16 this is fine for release day/"
76561197998592084,Recommended,403640,26539281,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Ares,"Not sure what is going on with other gamers, but I haven't had any trouble with framerates so far.R9 390 8GBi5-4690k16GB RAM"
76561198200918415,Recommended,403640,26517189,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Daddy N0va,"Only played an hour but haven't had a SINGLE issue of ""bad optimization"" like everyone else.GTX 1080 + i5 4690k + 16gb ramRunning smooth af and gorgeous.Will play another hour and finalize my review"
,Recommended,403640,26519722,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Harrycten,"Great game. get 60 fps with just a gtx 980, If your a fan of dishonored. You will like this game."
,Recommended,403640,26521711,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Linguinis,"This game is exactly what I was hoping for and feels like they put time and effort into this sequel. That being said, I am one of the few who seem to be able to run the game without stuttering or mouse sensitivity issues, even though I have a GTX 970 with 4gb of VRAM which is a graphics card that others seem to be having frame issues with. If you are planning on buying this game I would suggest testing it for less than 2 hours and refunding it if you have frame rate issues. Overall many of the negative reviews of this game are complaints about framerate issues and mouse sensitivity bugs, even though the people still state in their review that they enjoy the game. So I reccomend buying this game and finding out if you have these issues, and if you don't I hope you enjoy this game as much as I do."
76561198003755686,Recommended,403640,26522417,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Arrasour,"Good game, with performance issues. I have a 1070 and in scenes it ate up all my resources. But that's all there is to the bad side. With one or 2 patches this should be gone and we will have a flawless game. If you have a so so rig, I suggest you wait. But if you have a 10 series GPU, go for it."
,Not Recommended,403640,26523497,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Corvo,"The game itself is gg, but the origional game ran great on every PC, and as someone with a midrange rig, I was not expecting to have find perforemance for the tutorial, but then not be able to play the rest of the game because of crashes. This was badly ported, and unless a patch is applied soon, users really do deserve a refund. Not being able to play the game is a caue for refund. I spent hours playing the tutorials, and then left it on as i fell asleep. I really hope the steam gods give me a refund, I literally wanted to play this game soo bad. Ugh, ♥♥♥♥ this week"
,Recommended,403640,26531689,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,MINDL3SSVIOLNC3,"i5 6600K @4.4Ghz, GTX 1060 6GB OC, 16 GB RamEverything set to very high and Im getting stable 60FPS. Good game and story. I would recommend. Not really sure why i am exluded from the performance issues others seem to have but, Im not complaining about that ;) Hope its fixed soon for other as its definitely worth playing."
76561198005143524,Recommended,403640,26531808,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,[Panda]JD,"I7, 16gb ram and gtx 960. Game works perfectly and runs very smoothly. Extremely short load times too."
,Recommended,403640,26535809,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Steppo,"Nice new part of Dishonored, Back to nice mechanics and figuring out how not to kill anyone throughout a level (or kill every single living creature)."
76561198036034349,Recommended,403640,26536192,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,jwswiss,"I've only played about an hour so far.  Seems awesome so far.  If you liked Dishonored, you'll love it.  Story feels good, good voice acting, graphics, etc.  Mainly writing this to say that, so far, I haven't had any of the performance issues I heard other people had.  My PC is a bit beastly though.  (i7 5820k @4.5Ghz, GTX 1070, 32 GB ram, SSD drive)  But with that, I'm ranging between 70fps up to 130fps, depending on what's going on.  Can't say that other areas don't have drops, but so far I haven't seen any.  Smooth as silk.  So if you're like I was, and worrying a bit about performance issues, maybe don't.  I also heard that, for the issues it was having, it's a simple patch anyway.  Oh!  And the ""chaos"" system has been enhanced, with four different metrics now that each mission affects, so can't wait to see how that plays out.  I'm really barely into it, so can't comment on overall game, just that it's performing fine for me."
,Recommended,403640,26514481,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,FPS Eager,Flawless game even better than 1st one.Charming gameplay/oldschool side missions/good story and great stealth gameplay (all from Dishonored 1) + new superpowers/more ways to do a mission/new takedowns/new weapons and wonderful new places that you just want to stand and enjoy.10/10Great job Arkane Studios.---Looks like AMD guys have some fps drop issues wich they certainly will solve with an update.I got a Nvidia/Intel rig and game runs smoothly at 1080p on ultra settings.
76561198049212296,Recommended,403640,27392927,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,MMR Assassin,"Before you read this review here are a few things that I'd like to get out of the way. This review was done after completing my first run of the game using Corvo and trying to accomplish a non-lethal stealth playthrough. I will also be reviewing the game from a personal perspective, That being said lets get into the review!After finishing my first playthrough this morning I can see why people have mixed feelings towards this game, but I feel as though most of the negative or ""thumbs down"" reviews are due to the poor pc performance that came with this game after launch. (they still have yet to fix this at the time of posting this review) I've looked past most of the pc performance so I'll be reviewing this without making a big deal about the performance.I think the only other negative thing that can be said about this game is that it is very similar to Dishonored 1 in terms of gameplay, characters, and maps. I however enjoy this more than I think I would had they made a more different world than they did for the second game. Some of the similarities include, using a boat to get to the beginning of missions, another genius and his highly guarded house, (Sokolov in the first game and Jindosh in the second game) Delilah and the Brigmore witches, someone who turns into a horde of rats when they're killed, (Granny rags in the first game and Paolo in the second game) being able to play as Corvo with the same powers and abilities, and another plague. (rats in the first game and bloodflies in the second game) A lo of people might look at these simililarities and think that the dev is lazy or they're recycling the first game to make some easy money, but when you think about the world that Dishonored 1 and 2 are set in it makes lots of sense. Corvo is going to have the same powers from the first game, there's going to be more genius' that advance mankind, there's ways to make charms that do amazing things (looking at you Paolo), and theres going to be more plague's before mankind reaches a point where they have vaccines and medicine to combat most sickness. I think a big reason that I enjoyed the second game so much is becuase it was easy and comfortable to take control of Corvo again; his abilites feel like second nature now.While we're on the subject of Corvo let's take a moment to talk about his abilities and more specifically, the ones I chose to use throughout my playthrought. I played about 85% of the game just using blink and dark visions, these two abilities are really the only ones needed when doing a non-lethal stealth playthrough as you can blink past people and use dark visions to detect enemies to avoid and items to pick up. I find that the rest of Corvo's abilities are more easily used for lethal takedowns like devowering swarm. That being said I spent a fair amount of hours trying to knock most people out instead of just avoiding them to continue with the mission. This made the game a fair but harder but it was totally worth it.The story of the game is extremely solid and carries on from the first game but the entire story isn't told to the player without effort on the players side. Theres plenty of optional lore to collect and read that's dispersed throughout the game. This optional lore adds plenty of extra layers and detail to the well crafted world of Dishonored 2, and not all of the optional reading is directly related to major events or details. There is plenty of small details about characters lives, emotions, and situations and the play can't even participate in. Even something small like squeezing the heart will give you extra details about characters and the world around you.Overall this sequel to the tremendous hit, Dishonored, was excactly what I wanted in a second game that carried over the story, it brought me back to characters and places that I learned to love in the first game and seeing them once more only reinforced how much I enjoy the world that's shared between Dishonored 1 and 2. Sure a lot of details, maps, characters, powers, quests, and items are the same but this only made the game more enjoyable for me. After I finished the game the only complaint I was left with was the performance which will be fixed eventually. This leads me to give the game a 9.5/10 with no complaints otherwise. Arkane and Bethesda Studios did a tremendous job with this one and I truly cannot wait to see more from the Dishonored universe.If you've read this far then thank you for taking the time to read this lengthy review and I hope you enjoyed the game just as much as I did."
,Recommended,403640,27486540,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,OneKoolKat,Good Game.
,Recommended,403640,27818869,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,BusyPanda,"Great level design and gameplay, feels like a better dishonoured one!"
76561198124063232,Not Recommended,403640,26516688,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Little Rocket Man,for now the game is really bad... i have a i7 6700k and a 980 ti and the max i can  get with ultra settings is 100 and the same for very low... clearly the game is really poorly optimised
,Not Recommended,403640,26518455,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Hasheeshma,Terribly optimisedWait for a fix or don't buy this game at all
,Not Recommended,403640,26524140,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,PairedPrototype,"I've been waiting years for this game, and they put out this pile of ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥port? I'd rather they pushed the release date back and finish making the damn thing.Don't bother buying it, its un♥♥♥♥ing playable, < 24 FPS, input lag to ♥♥♥♥ing hell, graphics on high settings looks like I'm playing it on damn Playstation One.Your wasting your time if you're thinking about buying it.I still don't get it, as a programmer, I'd never release a piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥like this. And in this day and age, they know what PC gamers expect, no less than 60 FPS and hell, it's the standard monitor refresh rate god damn it!All in all, I feel heart broken </3 I'm not playing it until they patch it, I don't want to ruin it anymore.In it's current state, I won't recommend even looking at the store page for it. I hope this changes."
,Recommended,403640,26536220,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,InvisiblexRed,"-i7 4770k @ 3.5-EVGA GTX 980 ACX 2.0 @ ~1400 MHz-16GB DDR3 @ ~1600 MHzInitially, had Major problems with the performance of the game. Framerates constatly dropping without cause, the worst input lag I've ever seen in my life, and occasional audio errors. That was fortunately quickly sorted out by just tweaking in-game settings. Framerates still fluctuate slightly, usually between 55-70 outdoors, and up to 115 indoors. As soon as the framerate issue became more manageable, then input lag seemed to follow with it. Make sure that if you have a mid-range rig, disable Adaptive Resolution [turn value to 100], and expect many of the graphical settings to be set to medium. Arkane actually did a really great job with giving you a more than decent amount of options to tweak. You can even disable shadows for rats and the new insect mob exclusively.Now the gameplay, oh the gameplay. It's absolutely astounding how good this game can be once it's running properly. While I'm not a personal fan of the voice acting, and I'm yet to complete the whole story, the core mechanics you loved from the original are all there, and they're improved (especially when it comes to low-lethal playthroughs). The level design is still based on choosing your own path and approach to the objective, but now the worlds have life to them. They added much more lore, and almost every building you go into, if you search, you'll find a little story there. While Corvo still has the same basic perks and abilities, they expanded this feature by taking them, and instead of just giving a 'pro' version, each main perk has 3 sub-perks that can be activated in any order, after the main. Emily herself has a whole set of something knew, I haven't experienced those for very long though.If you had an interest in the game, and these optimization reports are turning you off, don't *completely* disregard this title. The issues popping up are easily fixed (yes I know this shouldn't be our job, but it takes less than 10 minutes), and the gameplay improves on the Prequel in almost every possible way. I would definitely recommend this."
76561198088494971,Not Recommended,403640,26548190,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,auron117,"Original,It is sad, in its current state I would not recomend this game. It is completly unplayable. Even with doing the recomended fixes to improve performance. I cannot even get it to work well on the lowest setting with resolution tuned down and maxing out pre rendered frames. This is completly unacceptable! I mean did they even test the game at all?Running on I7 3770k 32g Ram EVGA GTX 970 SSCUpdate,Game is amazing now that it can run half way decently. Given the state of this game on release I will still leave it as a negative review. Hopefully the state of released games by this developer and others will improve in the future. That being said I get that developers cannot test on every variation of hardware settings. However it seems to be the majority of players that had some sort of issue with this game."
,Recommended,403640,27220851,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,game_dave,"Works fine for me, no fps hiccups here, my only prob is the mouse smoothing, its not smooth hahahha"
76561198005670048,Recommended,403640,27224271,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Tokelu,"Awesome game, way deeper than Dishonored. I like the fact that your actions are in a serious way impacting on the end result."
,Recommended,403640,27230617,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Gnarf,Dishonored 2 makes everything that made the first game great better.Being able to play as Emily is such a great bonus to the game.
,Recommended,403640,27231582,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,KimJongCole,"After the patches for PC, it runs so much better. Original Dishonored on steroids."
,Recommended,403640,27271752,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,be,"OK so yes,  launch had a massive amount of issues.  im not going to comment too much on that because i dont know how to make a video game at all.  im just a consumer.  did it suck to pay to play a day early and find out we were just beta testers?  YES.  however this game is WELLLLLLLLLLLL worth the wait.   i cant even begin to explain how much fun you'll have trying all the new things and exploring the new lands.   honestly if you were a fan of dishonored,  do not let the bad port stuff shy you away from dishonored 2.  the patches are being rolled out weekly to fix it and so far its been working just fine on my five year old pc.   the reviews are just,  people have a right to be angry,  but my vote is still FOR this game,  its amazing."
,Recommended,403640,27365213,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Juice,"Much better after patch 1.2. Shouldn't release the game until ready.What  I don't get is how they let the game go gold knowing it has issues.Anyway at least they fixed it, finally playable on my GTX 1070 and it's a good game :)"
,Recommended,403640,27390916,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Squeebo 07,"Fans of the first Dishonored will feel quite at home in this sequel, which positively expands on both the world and the mechanics of it's predecessor.The game excels at world-building and dynamic gameplay, with interesting environments and many different ways to play and progress.But the game keeps the same cliches and predictability in the main storyline that the first game was criticized for, doing little to improve the intrigue of the primary plot, which is something that could have made the experience more engaging and interesting.Nevertheless this sequel lives up to the first, bringing stunning graphics, intense combat, and robust stealth mechanics. The variety of ways to play also makes it a good contender for multiple playthroughs."
76561198002073758,Recommended,403640,28212893,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Jeffrey Mott,"No performance issues at all on my AMD R9, seems like the issues others have had primarily relates to NVIDIA cards. So for me it is a truly excellent game, as good as the first. Amazing setting and fun mechanics."
76561198083121815,Not Recommended,403640,27168180,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Herr Shidtzpantz,"Update as of 1/13/17: Still broken all to hell. It stings especially because I held Arkane and Bethesda in such high regard. I'd like to chalk this up as a developer's honest mistake, but this represents such a massive oversight--and still widely unaddressed at that.Originally posted 11/24/16: After the betapatch and the latest update, performance is still miserable. Running on GTX 960, i7 4790, 16 gb ram, and at the lowest possible settings, the game frequently drops to 30 fps and lower. Just crazy."
,Recommended,403640,27235117,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Swampy,"In my opinion this game was an amazing follow-up to the original Dishonored.It had all the gameplay elements which makes a game amazing.I already have played through the game 4 times and I'm still not tired of it, as there is so many ways to complete your end goal.However, the port for PC and PS4 are awful. I believe that Bethesda have a deal with Microsoft, so the games are made and optimized for Xbox, then ported to PS4 and PC. They really f***ed up. The ports were a damn disgrace. I thought in 2016, bad PC ports would be a thing of the past, but obviously not."
76561198119596489,Recommended,403640,27310338,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,BIG BIEF,"Oh boy is this game great. Dishonored 2 takes everything Dishonored 1 had, and made it a lot better. The storyline is interesting and engaging. Everything you do feels like it significantly impacts the world around you and I really couldn't love that more. My decisions and choices matter, and I can really play the game in a style I like while it actually has results in game. Wether you want to kill everyone, nobody, never be seen, or play the game like it's Call of Duty, Dishonored 2 is the game for you."
,Recommended,403640,27321358,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Elephant,"There are many reports about this game and it's performance so I won't go too much into that. It's very rough out of the box but with the beta update and a couple tweaks like max pre-rendered frames to 1, the game runs well and stops being choppy. Underneath the launch problems we have a fantastic first person stealth action game. Living up the is predecessor and reaching beyond the game innovates new systems and creates a world full of rich detail and life. I absolutely love this game. Feel free to kill everything that moves or hide in the shadows completing the game without being seen once."
76561198096062482,Recommended,403640,27638468,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,KingPaddy,Good Gameplay!Graphics are amazing!I cannot say much about the story 2 hr into the gameRuns fine at 60 fps everything on high with some frame drops but nothing game breaking.i5 3570k (oc at 4.2 ghz)Msi gtx 9708 gb ram
,Recommended,403640,27667291,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,FluidFX.Media,Aside from the now fixed performance issues(For my system anyways) This is hands down Game of the Year material in my book. No other game does stealth and action better than dishonored 1 & 2.
76561198006248957,Recommended,403640,27902701,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Who?zorz_,"Really enjoying it so far, game of the year questionmark"
,Recommended,403640,28152114,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Rutsahl,"I purchased the game December 1st and haven't had any performance issues so far. I'm using a GTX 980 and was able to run everything maxed out until I reached the first outdoor area, at which point I used Nvidia to adjust the game settings down just a bit and everything went back up to 60fps.The game it's self is fantastic. I loved the original Dishonored and this sequel does it justice."
76561198122275068,Recommended,403640,28165661,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Faptrap,First started game with no sound but fixable by verifying the game through steam and then downloading what you don't have.I have experienced no permormance issues. and the game in geenral feels pretty similar to the first game but have to wait until full playthrough for full decision on the game.System Specs:I5 - 4460RX 47016g of RAM
76561198064445469,Recommended,403640,28172634,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,mareksbrt,"Gameplay:Amazing game, i think even better than first one. There is quite high replay value with new abilities and so on. Have not finished it but enjoyed a lot first 5 hours.Performance:I have i5-6600k, GTX1070 and playing on 1440p resolution. With all settings ultra indoors solid 60fps, outdoors 50-60fps mostly 60. I did have problem second time launching game as it run terribly around 30 fps, but switching to borderless window mode fixed it, so can't really complain.Overall, superb game with nice graphics, even tho i was put off by bad performance reviews from other users, but 30% off the game made me change my mind and glad it did."
,Recommended,403640,27225305,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Eskimå,"Really good game, but sadly it doesn't run good right now."
,Recommended,403640,27355778,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,WrenAndPeter,The game is better in every way then its previous.
,Recommended,403640,27548400,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Raven,"Great graphics, even a better story line."
76561198057025696,Recommended,403640,27936133,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Omae Wa Mou Shindeiru,My ending was still better than the results of the election.
76561198056796398,Recommended,403640,27940826,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,REYS,"good story,good gameplay 10/10"
,Recommended,403640,28012089,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Whiro,Just as good as the original!
76561197985903334,Recommended,403640,28094644,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Wayzz,it looks pretty queer but overall its pretty good. i would give it a uh 10/10. ?
,Not Recommended,403640,28144823,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,President Spooderman,Games badass love it i wish i could play it at more then 20 fps
76561197970394091,Recommended,403640,28162537,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,ems.sub,"I have only played Dishonored 1 (quite recently in 2016) for a little bit but thought it was quite good. I feel that Dishonored 2 improves on almost everything that made the first part so popular. It manages to create immersive environments with large levels and great graphics. Some players have criticized the graphics and I can partly understand that. The new engine feels a lot like the old Unreal engine, except for better hi-res textures and maybe greater view distances.Somehow however because of the excellent art design the overall graphics still look great(and in some circumstance amazing) in my opinion and also the levels seem to allow for more complex traversal(especially vertically). Turn off the objective/mission markers in the gameplay options menu and enjoy sneaking or fighting past enemies using many different alternative paths. I also prefer to play on difficulty ""Hard"" to increase the feeling of tension in the game. This is my candidate for game of the year 2016 by quite some margin so far!"
76561198080990629,Recommended,403640,28190700,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,nisce,"if you liked the first dishonored, you will like it. it is basically a more polished version of dishonoredbut, if you don't have the recomended pc specs the experience will be bad"
76561198134779850,Not Recommended,403640,28298620,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Artemis,"Let me just start by saying that the gameplay itself seems pretty fun and the story and design are top notch.However, I cannot recommend this game, even in its current updated form, because I can barely play it in open ares on decent mid-to-high settings, on hardware that should definitely NOT have these problems. So on the following specs, in open areas, I barely have 30 fps:Nvidia GTX 970Intel i5 46708GB RAMAs such, I recommend being patient until this game is fixed, or enough time has passed that newer more powerful hardware can play it confortably."
,Recommended,403640,27352468,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Traional,"A great, quite short game that feels like a good continuation from the first game. The controls and mechanics all feels very familiar, especially when playing Corvo who's abilities haven't changed from the first game. Playing his daughter however makes the game feel very different, since her abilities make for a vastly different experince to playing Corvo. Familiar levels have to be navigated differently, adding a good sense of replayability.Basically if you enjoyed the first you'll enjoy this, if not its not for you."
,Recommended,403640,27418037,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,MR.Meow Meow,Awesome game cant stop playing it
76561198086738499,Recommended,403640,27493481,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Nairdowell,"Playing off the sucess of Dishonored, D2 adds several new elements to the game. Adding Emily Kaldwin as a playable character, with new abilities and world view from Corvo, was a nice touch. My first complete playthrough was a low-chaos, no magic/special powers, stealth version, just to see the scenery and explore. I forsee multiple reruns of both Emily and Corvo in my future to try and see everything they added to the game."
,Recommended,403640,27497571,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,J3ffro,"I'm 7/9ths through the game, and it really is fantastic. Everything I liked about the last game, and then some, are in here. I don't have the patience to go pure stealth, but the combat is also enjoyable. I've had brief moments with the technical issues that plague so many, but restarting the game solved the problem each time -- but for those that does not work for, my heart goes out to you. There is no playing it if the game gets wonky for you."
76561197974631760,Not Recommended,403640,27560154,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,davylion,WHY PUT GAME OUT IF ISNT PLAYABLE
76561198007387519,Not Recommended,403640,27751883,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Afternoon-delight,"I was really enjoying the game play, story direction, and stealth mode, but the game started crashing eveytime when I reached what I can imagine the half-way point in the game.   I've got a geforce GTX 960 graphics card which is above the reccommended software, 8 Gigs of RAM, and an intel i3 processor which I imagine is the problem.   Hat's off to the art and story designers of the game because they've made a masterpiece, but whoever decided, more likely BRIBED, that an intel i5 processor or better had to handle frame rate and so forth is a greedy sell out!!   How much did microsoft pay you guys to screw this one up.   Honestly, Tomb Raider 2 which came out less than a year ago ran great on an i3 intel processor and I nearly had the graphics maxed out.   Any educated person here is going to agree with me when I say that these gaming companies are working with computer manufacuturing companies that sell your graphic cards, processors, power supply, etc...in order to pocket millions, if not billions, for every teeny tiny itsy bitsy baby step forward in software development.   I for one am fed up!*Please pay attention to the following statement.   My computer runs on the Intel i3-3240 processor which was developed in Sep. of 2012 (plz feel free to double check @https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_Intel_Core_i3_microprocessors#.22Clarkdale.22_.2832_nm.29).   Should we be living in an age where you're required to update your computer programing every 5 years to enjoy a good game?   If so, it would be cheaper to buy an xbox or playstation at this rate.   I'm not hating on the game designers, but as mentioned before, these gaming companies and software developers are just taking advantage of us.**After ending every non-essential processing program on my computer, I was able to play and finish the game on the lowest graphic settings.   Despite the poor appearance and ""Emily Kaldwins"" 12-year-old boy voice, the game plot is still extraordinary!   The environment is second to none although they could afford to add additional creatures other than rats, bloodflies, and the occasional taxidermy stuffed animals.    The climax of the game occurs around mission 07, but this is simply conjecture if they decide to sell add-ons.   Like the Daud add-on in ""Dishonored I,"" I bet a silver dollar that they'll be making an add-on for the criminal Mindy or Paolo in ""Dishonored II.""   Despite my POSITIVE review so far, I STILL DON'T RECOMMEND this game based on the prinicipal that I still believe the game would've run fantastic on an Intel i3 processor!!!   I wouldn't go so far as to say someone should be charged with extortion, but it's pretty darn close.   Purchase at your own risk!"
,Recommended,403640,27758618,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,ZucchiniWarlord,Its soo satisfyingly brutal....    I LOVE IT!!!
76561198049574345,Recommended,403640,27794072,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Capain,Despite i actually had a few issues with this game i didn´t find it gamebreaking.
,Recommended,403640,27819868,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Brett Robbertze,"Dishonored 2A Fantastic Game. It has a great story, Amazing Replayability, and alot of ♥♥♥♥ing around is fun.There is only 1 problem, It runs Like absolute♥♥♥♥♥♥on Mid Ranged PCs such as Mine and many gamers around the world.However Overall I Highly suggest you get this amazing game. I love it"
76561198059929951,Recommended,403640,27871706,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Elisyn,"Having a blast so far playing this game! Worked just fine for me from the start. Love the fact that we can play Emily and Corvo <3. I'm playing two campaigns at the same time and it's a pretty different experience, if you choose to fight your way through, you're gonna feel pretty awesome :D the combat powers are really fun!"
76561198123637192,Recommended,403640,27875506,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,sock06555,"This game is REALLY good, great music, storyline and art direction, but, it needs a little more time in the oven. The FPS is horrible at certain places, but at some other places it reaches 100 FPS. There are also some minor visual and audio bugs. Though the fps is bad and some bugs, I will still recommend this game, when the patches come, I will edit my review."
76561198112676603,Recommended,403640,27890106,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Danny G,"The game is fixed (atleast for me). More polished combat, more powers, and more routes to take on missions. Great sequel if you liked the first game."
76561198082701843,Recommended,403640,27902249,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Window's Publisher,"incredibly viually pleasing in the classic dishonored style, however the story and other facets of the dishonored world introduced in this game seem slightly lacking. Overall though a very fun game that scratches my dishonored itch."
76561198013475377,Recommended,403640,27910783,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Knyn,"This game is straight awesome. Do not listen to people saying it's not, because it's mostly they are experiencing performance issues. See my video why I think you should definately buy!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6G22RLtL-zc"
,Recommended,403640,27948409,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Lord Tobi,"Unlike many others i, actually love this game. the story is amazing, i had no performance issus. i have completed the game twice, as both Corvo and Emily. it was a blast"
,Recommended,403640,28016399,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,kagranac,"I've been so confused about why a lot of people seem to be having issues, I've seen articles around and comments  making it sound like everyone is having issues.  I'm not, and I can't be the only one.the game has played perfectly with no problems for me from launch. it's a good game and recommend."
,Recommended,403640,28070896,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,CRAZED!!,Honestly Dishonored 2 is a great game the mechanics are pretty smooth an options are always still there to adapt your playstyle. It is no original Dishonored though but its has the nostalga factor from it. The only problem was the bad port which is now working pretty smoothly for me all in all great game just needed more time for release.
76561197994769793,Recommended,403640,28086267,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,urvile,I am currently doing a low chaos play through using emily. Who has ideal powers for low chaos.The playthrough potential is enormous. I have been making opposite decisions from the ones i made on my initial high chaos play through as corvo.Which significantly changes the gameworld. To say this is GOTY 2016 is an understatement it is what deus ex MD should have been.I am now playing on ultra with txaa @ 3440x1440 and fps is flawless.I have a paltry radeon card. How does this make sense? :-P
,Recommended,403640,28100493,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,I am not a spy...,"It's a good game. There's plenty of lore to read and maps are rather large to explore. There are only 9 or so chapters to the game, which seemed to go by fast. Overall, the game feels like Dishonored. With the new engine, they kept the old Dishonored 1 look and feel of the game.The performance was average, for all of the game but one area, it was about 50-70 fps. Without spoiling the story, in one part of the game, the engine has to render two instances of the game at the same time, at which point my fps dropped to 30 fps, which is expected. Nothing much that they can do, the engine has to render two frames at the time of one.There were some problems that I discovered with sequence breaking. There's usually no invisible walls to block you from going places, so one could bypass the scripted sequence to some portions of the game easier (such as boss fights).It's a good game, the new engine did not take away from the ""Dishonored feel"" and there is plenty to explore. If you're willing to cope with limitations of the engine to cut your fps in half for one area of the game, then you will be able to play this game no problem."
76561198060561289,Recommended,403640,28149667,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,loudwisdom,"This game is worthy of the Dishonored namesake, The maps are much larger and missions are definitely longer, also enemies are smarter and discover you quicker when in view. It is a tougher dishonored game even when played on easy but with patience is not impossible to complete stealthily. Both protaginists are enjoyable and the choice between domino and bend time is difficult. replaying 2nd time through after just beating it. Would recommend 8.5/10"
76561198002972937,Recommended,403640,28171099,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Confederate Pepe,"This is an in-progress review for those on the fence given Dishonored 2's troubled launch.I waited a couple of weeks given all the problems and then bought the game with 33% off ready to get a refund at the slightest hint of technical problems because I have zero tolerance for bad launch titles.Please to report however that I'm getting good performance, usually 60 frames per second or higher on my GTX980Ti running on a 30 inch monitor at 2560x1600. No noticable glitching or significant framerate dips. No complaints.I do notice there's some minor niggles when alt-tabbing out of the game - you get some problems about half the time going back in with artifacting and some weird UI overlay that requires you to reload the game to resolve but apart from that I can't say I'm experiencing any other tech issues.The game itself is great - if you liked Dishonored 1 you should like Dishonored 2... fantastic mood, great challenge, very well realised world. I chose to play as Corvo and am enjoying it thus far.So I won't be asking for a refund. Good game, happy to get it at 33% off, will continue to play through to the end.Hope this helps for those who might be unsure. Will come back and do a proper review when I've finished it."
76561197961887582,Recommended,403640,28179856,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Sneaky Hamster,"Well.. I've only played 15 minutes or so of this game because of/ and after having to deal with all the bugs in it...hmm.. well.....OK anyway . what I wanted to say is I got the game looking and perfoming ok on a gtx 970 after installing the beta patch by putting the quality settings on high..anything higher and it lags badly. TO get it running with this patch make sure you reset the game defaults (included in the patch) on the menus screens. You can run it on high res, but dont over ramp your quality settings or it starts to stutter and look like S**T.  I hope further patches are released to improve the overall look of this game. Such a weird and wonderful alternate universe to be discovered within it. The music is cool."
76561198144222937,Recommended,403640,28182632,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Mr Wayne,"techinical issues aside, the level design in this game is one of the best I've ever seen, similar to the Bioshock series. Definitely a game to play several times over to get the full experience."
76561198101250791,Recommended,403640,28185795,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Jetfuel,"Amazing game, the FPS might be a little low if your pc cant handle it, but the story and ambiance make up for it."
76561198062899089,Recommended,403640,28195056,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,The Man,"This is one of the best designed games I've ever played. Yes, at launch it was unplayable for many people due to a bad PC port, but the patch which later came out fixed that, at least for me. It is entirely playable on my medium-low end laptop, alebeit only on medium graphics. Obviously bad launches are not to be encouraged, but considering the sheer unadulterated quality of this game, a little forgiveness is in order.I'm going to keep this as brief as I can. The story is excellent, the world is atmospheric and well designed. The combat may be too simple and easy on lower difficulties but on harder ones you are forced to get creative and it becomes much more nuanced. Emily and Corvo both had different and equally fun sets of abilities, although one or two don't feel very useful, although that is partially matter of playstyle. It is a fairly short game, taking me only about 12 hours on my first playthrough, but it is exceedingly replayable. There might be three or four differant ways you could approach a given situation and it always feels fresh. As soon as I finihsed my high chaos playthrough as Emily I started a new one in which I plan to never be seen and never kill anyone, and after 5 hours it still feels fresh. I love that it lets you play the whole game without once killing an enemy, if you so chose, or lets you slaughter every single person in your path, and both feel equally rewarding.But my single favorite aspect of the game is the level design. Every mission is large, explorable, and unique, usually with some twist or added mechanic. In one mission dust storms will occassionally blow through reducing visibility. In another, you make your way through a huge mechanical mansion which can transform as you pull levers. You can even slip out of the usual areas and make your way through the spaces between the shifting walls. In another, you have the ability to jump between the present and the past, solving puzzles by changing things in the past to affect the present. Every level is full of detail and atmosphere, and you are heavily encourage to explore them to track down runes which allow you to gain more abilities.It's just all so well put together, every part working together to create a functional moving whole. Dishonored 1 is in my top 10 games of all time, and Dishonored 2 is right there next to it.9/10. The single significant problem I have with it is that you are apparently expected to read more journals and books and listen to more audio logs than I did initially or the story doesn't quite make as much sense as you'd expect. Also in the time travelling mission there is no way to carry an unconcious guard back to the present, which I would have found hugely amusing."
,Recommended,403640,28196426,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Traeger,"Running on a GTX 970 i7-4790k 16GB DDR3-2400Mhz I had no issues after all of these patches that have been released for it.The game was good, but a few aspects came up short of the first game. If you're interested in the series then buy the first one for now and wait for this one to be cheaper."
76561198025596010,Recommended,403640,28221477,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Obry,"**Re-writing a positive review and deleting a negative one, after major fixes to the PC version**This game takes an amazing game in Dishonored 1, and makes everything about it better (except for the Outsider!).Pros:+ Missions are bigger+ Maps are more diverse+ Voice acting and music are amazing+ Gameplay is extremely flexible and fun+ Storyline is terrific, deep and makes you relate with the characters+ Achievements are fun, challenging and totally achieveableCons:- PC port used to be crap and the FPS still isn't optimal (eats a ton of RAM)- They ruined the Outsider's voice from Dishonored 1, unbearableIf your PC can run it - I whole heartedly reccomend it. Amazing experience. Release was a cluster♥♥♥♥, but this game is worth it, and it is still worth supporting Arkane Studios (just care about your PC clients more, godamnit!)"
76561198199927275,Recommended,403640,28224413,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,ophnerd,"I absolutely love this game. I loved the first Dishonored, and the world of Dishonored 2 feels so much more fleshed out. Karnaca feels bigger, full of apartments and people and markets and things. Seriously love the increased upward mobility too, as a stealth player. There is a little lag on higher graphics settings, but the graphics themselves are gorgeous. The Royal Conservatory level alone is worth the lag. The outsider shrines are varied and beautifully designed. Each level feels like it's own little slice of the world. I will say there are a couple things I missed from the first game, like the extended epilogue, and more of the Outsider's commentary in general (it feels more plot device and less commentary on player behaviour). The plot, while enjoyable, didn't quite have the personal stake that the first game had, and it felt overall that the difference in chaos was reflected more by the state of Karnaca's government than difference in companion behaviour and reaction (something I loved about the first game).That said, I've played it twice thus far and am on a third playthrough. Gorgeous. I'm hoping we get a Billie Lurk DLC, because that would just be the cherry on top of an already amazing cake."
,Recommended,403640,28228593,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,CaptainDan,"Great game.I have a GTX 970, i7, 6GB ram.  I am playing with Ultra graphics settings.  The game runs fine with occasional lag spikes, which seem to be random.  It has not interfered with gameplay or with my enjoyment of the game.I am using the nvidia driver released in late november.  Prior to that, the game became unplayably slow every time witches used their attacks,  That problem is gone now, and the game is beautiful and fun and the graphics are great and I recommend it.The story is good.  I am not through the game yet, so I cannot say if it is as good as the original Dishonored story.  We will see.  The gameplay is just as good as the original Dishonored, with hardly anything better or worse.  The enemy AI is better by a bit.  The level design is where this game really shines, though.  Many of the levels are just mind-blowingly unique, creative and interesting.  The Jindosh mansion in particular is amazing.EDIT: So I finished the game and I would say it is not as good a story as the original.  I still recommend the game though.  Also, the bone charm crafting is pretty boring and not powerful, stick with the other abilities which are awesome.All in all, A+"
,Recommended,403640,28317858,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,The Medicine Peddler,"Now that patches have sorted out the worst of the issues, I can safely recommend this game.Pros:+Emily has an interesting character arc in both high and low chaos, and the arc is different based on said chaos level.+Karnaca is gorgeous, one of the best looking game settings in recent memory.+Unlike a certain Fallout 4, the decision to voice the protagonist worked out fine.+Non lethal is actually fun now instead of frustrating, while still retaining it's unique identity (still gotta be sneaky! Still gotta target individuals and not groups!) and not becoming a copy of lethal that leaves behind sleeping people instead of corpses (cough Mankind Divided cough). The simple fact that if a lone guard spots you and no one is around, you can sock him in the face after parrying sounds like a tiny change, but it fundamentally alters the way you can play the game.+ Emily has a fantastic power set, for both lethal and non lethal runs. Far Reach might just be my favorite power in any game of 2016. In my opinion her power set upstages Corvos, both in style and in usability.+ Level design still just as grand as previous entries. Each time I play a level I find something new, some room I haven't been to, or new story tidbits.+ Unlike the last dishonored, which had fantastic art but muddy textures and jank animations, Dishonored 2 isn't held back by last gen hardware. This is how the first game should have looked.Cons:- The rogues gallery isn't quite as compelling as last time. While Jindosh, the Duke, and Delilah are well realised, Breanna, Ramsey, the Crown Killer, and Paolo/Highoverseer leave something to be desired.- The Dreadful Wale never feels as much like home as the Hound Pits Pub did; with only about three characters on board instead of the colorful cast that was the loyalist conspiracy.- Corvo's mode should be labelled as an ""what if"" bonus campaign, because that's what it feels like. While Emily's arc makes sense (she's never fended for herself before. Escaping and regrouping in Karnaca, the place farthest from Gristol, made sense for her) Corvo's less so. No particular reason is given as to why he doesn't turn the boat around after getting his mark back (you learn later it would have been a bad idea to do so, but Corvo had no information at the time to suggest otherwise) and as such the suspension of disbelief suffers a bit since you will constantly ask yourself ""Why did he even come to Karnaca?"". Still a fun campaign.- An absolute mess of a launch. Had to be patched several times before it was playable.- This is a pet peeve of mine but I was hoping for some kind of encore to ""Lady Boyle's Last Party"" but such an encore never came.9/10"
,Recommended,403640,28343961,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Myra Mistweave,"I waited until after some of the patching to buy this game and it works fairly well for me performance wise other than some amusing glitches.  That being said, I'm rating off of gameplay and storyline as opposed to the questionable release given I didn't suffer those problems.The good:I think it's smoother than the first Dishonored (at least playing as Emily as I haven't yet played as Corvo).  There are a lot of options as to how to go about solving problems and you can be murder heavy or not and still go through the game altering your chaos level.  The game feels like a really fun version of the older thief games with a steampunk bent - all good things in my opinion.  I thought the story was a bit questionable at first but explained better over time.  I'm avoiding specifics to avoid spoilers.  I really liked some of the detailing given to previous characters and the way that Emily's character seems to grow up more as the game goes on.  It is a lot of fun to play in my opinion and I'd recommend it to other players.  I'm already hoping they'll do some dlc levels and extras since my largest complaint would be it only being 9 chapters.The bad:It felt short to me, though I think it was probably around the same length as the first Dishonored chapter wise.  I feel like they could do a lot more with the world and that they only brush the surface.  The chaos system is a bit strange, and while I don't know for certain how it works - it felt as though mass murder didn't mean much as long as you made specific choices in the game involving the npcs and how they were dealt with.  That sort of made putting effort into being sneaky a little meh.  The endings felt fairly limited for a game with so many great options.  Otherwise, I can't really complain, as I said above I'm already hoping for some dlc for the game when they're done working on the patching issues.  I can't complain about performance problems since I haven't really had many.Overall I'd say the game is a great one, and a stellar one for fans of the all too rare stealth genre of games.  I would say it was well worth buying and I am really glad I did.  I look forward to playing through again on corvo to see the differences in play, but at least on Emily the game was just a pleasure."
76561197993680072,Recommended,403640,28354059,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Cpt. Meanster,"I waited many weeks since this game's launch and that wait is worth it. Dishonored 2 is a wonderful game, not a masterpiece, but it comes pretty close. Runs fluidly well on my GTX 980 (not the Ti), i7 4790K, 16GB, Win 7 64Bit PC, Very High preset @ 1080p 60fps without any issues. No frame loss, no stuttering, no crashes whatsoever. Beautiful game in terms of visuals, nothing new in terms of gameplay; if you played the first Dishonored, you will feel right at home. Although, providing the player the option to choose between Corvo, and Emily is a welcome change. I recommend playing and experiencing the story as Emily first for obvious reasons. But it will be fun to go back and replay the adventure as Corvo, with a different take on the world around that character, not to mention the different endings depending on your choice of character, and the actions you committed all along, including critical decisions in vital points of the campaign.I will admit. I bought this game first for my Xbox One but I didn't beat it. While the game looked decent visually and played okay at 30fps, the PC gamer in me wanted the best experience. So I waited until Arkane Games / Bethesda patched the game up until the latest beta patch. Then I jumped in. Bought the game while it was on sale briefly following Black Friday at 33% off. I am glad I did. Loving it so far as you can tell from my 43+ hours of game time. The PC version blows the Xbone One version out of the park in terms of visual fidelity and frame rate. It's a known thing but I never experienced anything like those unfortunate folks for whom the game is not performing the way it should. I hope they too can enjoy this lovely game.All in all, I recommend this game to any fan of first person action or stealth genre. If you have a good enough PC, please get this game. Or, you might want to wait for a slight price drop if you are anxious about performance issues. But don't ignore this wonderful IP."
76561198007248185,Recommended,403640,28404536,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Antee9116,Dishonored 2 improves on virtually every aspect of the original game and I fully recommend it to anyone who enjoyed Dishonored 1.
76561198022947510,Recommended,403640,28473294,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Primrose,"Fantastic game if you also like games like Tenchu (really old, I know) and Assassin's Creed. Great graphics and gameplay is exceptionally smooth. The game can be frustrating if you're a perfectionist like me who wants to get everything while also not being seen once, aka stealthy hoe. Clearly I refuse to believe that I'm not as stealthy as I imagine myself to be."
76561198028622221,Recommended,403640,28518042,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Oreoape,"Good gameplay, stays pretty true to the great ideas the first game had. I've had none of the rendering issues mentioned but I do seem to be an exception to the rule. Make sure your rig AT LEAST meets recommended for a good experience."
,Recommended,403640,27177814,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,JoeyCarbo,"No performance issues whatsoever, the game exceeds expectations."
76561198057046103,Not Recommended,403640,27327258,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,HotDogTR,"I was dying to see the new engine that was used creating this game when I bought it. I started the game on ultra texture quality and the framerate was so rediculus, I was suprised, I run Battlefield without a glich, so I lowered the textures step by step to high, then medium, then low... Then I got it! What Kind of bull**** is this? I waited so long for this game. I was dying to play it and now even the cutscenes are laggy. And they just figured it out NOW? a 4 Gb patch? Wow. Well thank you really. You killed all my excitement for this game with your very own hands developers. And I cant belive IGN gave 9.3 to this. Dishonored 1 will always have a place in gamers minds, but this will be a total disapointment for everybody."
76561198010056668,Recommended,403640,27371414,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Out of Cheese Error+++,"So I picked this up after the performance issues were rectified and I did play DH1 previously. I loved DH1 and replayed it several times. Thus far I am a few hours into DH2 and here is my impression:Overall it is good but does not have the same, ""come back and play as soon as you are able"" factor that the first one had. It is good, but not quite as good, perhaps less ground breaking.It is very much like DH1 in terms of game play and so far the locations I have discovered are interesting and created with care and attention; really capturing the previous feeling of Dunwall, so well done on that. The combat is OK but I feel the melee system is pretty clunky. Perhaps it is just me but when I get in a fight I can usually win but it seems far more of a button mash to win than any real finesse.I love to stealth play in these games and I enjoy it when I don't have to get involved in a large melee so I take great pains to try and pick off guards one by one but it does seem very hard to do that in some locations.Take your time as there are many areas to explore and some are quite cleverly hidden.I like the fact one can play as either Corvo or his daughter - so far I have stuck with Corvo and it feels pretty much just like DH1.A list of bugs I have found:1. When I arrived at the third location (hosptital) my player, for no good reason I can see, just endlessly slid to the right. Saved and reloaded. Seems to have solved the problem.Things I don't like:1. The splash into this game is way too long and there is no way to skip it as far as I know. Sure, the first time I play it is good to see who was involved but I should be able to skip through them after this. It takes quite a time to get through them all. A small niggle I know, but there you go.2. Aramis Stilton's Mansion Mission seems to have been taken straight from Titanfall 2 (the time shift one) - I don't like it there and I don't like it here. My least favorite part of the game thus far and to be honest one that almost stopped me coming back to the game.I will update as I continue to play but my recommendation at this stage is to go ahead and purchase if you liked DH1 as you will not be dissappointed."
,Recommended,403640,27373105,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Theós ton vasiliádon,"Dishonored 2- Is it worth getting?Well, let's keep it short and simple.Pros:The storyline is simply beautiful. If you're a diehard fan of dishonored 1 and enjoyed the previous story, then you would enjoy this one too.The gameplay is thrilling and action packed. Since Emily is playable now, it opens up a new route to do things, from assassinating victims and/or escaping from hunters. Completing quests is now much more different and one on one combat is too.I'm talking about you, clockwork soldier.. >.<Overall, the graphics have improved and so is the movement, the A.I. Movement now involves parkour, which is nice. I guess the void engine is a major improvement.Now, for the cons.Bad port. Simply terrible, even though it has been addressed, it stills lags really badly.The framerates are terrible. The worst I got is 2 fps.IT'S NOT VIABLE ON THE PC AS OF NOW. :(So, if you really have a strong♥♥♥♥♥pc to run this, and you enjoy story based games, then by all means you should get this game. However, I recommend getting it on consoles if you have them if you can't wait for optimizations to take place.Simple and easy to understand version.Gameplay: 6/10 due to fps issuesStoryline: 10/10Opimization: 5~6/10. They'll fix it soon, be patient."
76561198122991496,Recommended,403640,27377456,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Hypnotic_Pigeon,"Since this is a sequal, I'm going to compare it to the first game (which I'll abbreviate as 1).Cons-You've heard about the PC issues by now. I don't need to reiterate the details.-It's beautiful, but it doesn't have the same amazing stylization as 1-The story isn't as emotionalPros-Movements of the NPC character models aren't as awkward as in 1-Four distinct play styles: Corvo low chaos, Corvo high chaos, Emily low chaos, Emily high chaos-More variety in voices (although I'm not a fan of the Outsider's new voice)-Power upgrades branch out and are generally awesome. A+ for heathen magic.-The world/universe is highly detailed and well crafted. You really feel like the places and cultures are real.Main Points-Most significant con: less emotional story than 1-Most significant pro: magical stealth/fighting? Count me in! Great gameplay.All in all, it's a genuinely fun game. It's a must-have for fans of the original and I'm sure it's still fun if you haven't played 1. While 1 is certainly better, this game is a worthy sequal that I expect I will be spending maaaaany hours playing."
,Recommended,403640,27420425,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Jubster,"After the 1.2 Beta Patch, I can run the game in solid 60fps+ 95% of the time on Ultra 1080p. Did a whole playthrough again lethally and non-stealthy, as to get more combat, particle effects and such. My specs are as follows:MSI GTX 980, running Nvidia driver 379.95.Intel I7-4790k16GB of DDR3-1600 ramOS was Windows 10 if somebody finds that important.Side note: Load times are incredibly fast, even with my 5 year old mechanical hard drive. Start up time is up to a minute, but after that, quick save quick load, save load, and loading a new mission, the load times go even down to 10 seconds."
,Recommended,403640,27543108,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,BiddinWar,Want to slice people up in fancy ways or be a sneaky sneaky merciful ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥? Then this is it for you!#FullChaos
76561198081643642,Not Recommended,403640,27555743,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Nordbjorn Bonecrusher,"The game is still broken on PC!!When I start the game, I'm greeted with a loading screen and after that,I just get a flickering black screen.My PC specs are well above the recommended system requirements for the gameand I have tested the game-file integrity.I cannot recommend anyone buying this game before it is fixed."
,Recommended,403640,27604478,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,☜✩Star✩☞,"A game that's sadly become controversial in the days of its release, Dishonored 2 shows vast improvements from Dishonored in the variety of tricks and tactics one may use to overthrow the enemy. The scenery of Karnaca is quite different, and yet similar to the dystopic Dunwall from Dishonored, with more focus on corruption and building on the steampunk aesthetic, though taking place in a warmer and brighter setting as compared to the dark, dreary, and diseased city Dunwall.As of this review, the Update 1.2 patch has indeed smoothened out performance hitches by a fair margin, but it's still relatively far from being perfectly playable. In order to operate the game a lot better, I disabled all anti-aliasing via my Nvidia Control Panel (I have a GTX 980), and I still get FPS drops, going between 25-45 at times, otherwise staying at 50 most of the time. Optimization is a serious issue that Arkane Studios seriously needs to iron out in order to appease many of their customers.As I have been able to play the game a lot better since the update came out and since disabling antialiasing, I can more or less look past the performance issues into the quality of the game, and I must say, they have done a remarkable job at building upon the first Dishonored, and managed to make it just as memorable as its predecessor so far.8.5/10-With the performance issues in mind."
,Recommended,403640,27638706,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,☯ ackwell,"Dishonored 2 feels like a polished version of the original game, with some added features. If you enjoyed the first game and want more of it you will certainly enjoy this game.There are some bugs in this game (not a pun on the new ""bloodflies"", which you can compare to the rats in the previous game). Unfortunately these bugs take away from the immersion and the overall experience. These bugs, along with the underwhelming performance, makes it seem like the QA for the PC version wasn't nearly as meticulous as it should be.The story is your classic revenge story. Nothing new, but still good. Although I felt like the ending was a bit abrupt and not really satisfying.7/10"
76561197994268765,Recommended,403640,28196301,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Lerch Addams,"Very well done...so far.Arkane / Bethesda have more work to make the game performant.The graphics are a bit too watercolor-ey for my tastes but overall the game is beautifully done.Buy this gameif you enjoy stealth and non-lethal combat solutions.Do not buy this game if you dislike tediumbecause you will spend a lot of your play time waiting for the right moment to strike.I felt like the game was constantlywagging it's fingerat me not to use lethal methods to solve a given situation.I chose non-lethal solutions for all the bosses and at least 50% of the combatants on each level and for some reason i kept moving toward lethal / chaos.I'm not sure i agree with the morality system in the game since sometimes really bad people have to die in order to make the world a better place.The developer has given me a razor sharp sword, pistol, crossbow, mines, upgrades and skills to make them even more lethal and then told me that i shouldn't have used them to save the world from some very, very bad people.Perhaps i don't fully comprehend the subtle nuances the game was trying to convey to me.(or the developer needs to leave their bubble and look out the window once in a while)I still think the game is worth the price and Arkane / Bethesda deserve much praise for a very well made game.But understand before your first play through that the well being of every hostile and non-hostile NPC in the game is your responsibility and if granny stumbles into a fire because a guard bumps into her while chasing you down......it's all your fault."
,Recommended,403640,28198689,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,1InTheFrankAnd2InTheStank,Since the performance issues have been fixed this is absolutely a good game. I'd say this is an 8/10 compared to a 9/10 for the first game.
,Recommended,403640,28206316,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,luse taps,"Performance on launch was horrible for me especially with a gtx 760, the game was unplayable.. After 1.3 patch the performance got a lot better for me, and after I bought a 1060 I was finally able to play the game smoothly with very high quality and constant 80 fps. If we forget all the misery of launch, this game is actually great. Although I do think that it was irresponsible from bethesda to publish this game while it wasn't ready for PC. Gameplay is great, most fun game for me this year with Overwatch coming in close second place. Graphics are OK, not very impressive tho, especially with how heavy the game is on your gpu. So, don't buy this if your PC isn't top-notch, if it is then go ahead, it's a great game under the performance issues.-Moi kamelit!!"
76561198073113238,Recommended,403640,28207583,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,치즈김밥,"I really enjoyed it, sure there were performance issues but it's still a good game no matter what.Can only recommend"
,Recommended,403640,28274689,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Ol' Horse Paws,"I was hesitant to purchase this game, but I am SO glad I did. Sure, it has a few flaws, but the level design is insanely good and fresh, the core mechanics are just as good as the original Dishonored (play Dishonored first, then Dishonored 2). The story is pretty good and it is compelling enough to make you want to stay up all night to finish.If you are thinking about buying this game because you played/loved Dishonored, but you aren't sure if you want to pay the hefty price tag.....trust me, it was worth it."
76561198140036029,Recommended,403640,28333991,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,spiow22,"I have played this game for 13 hrs as of wrighting this revew and i feel ready to make a review.The game is much better than the orignal dishonerd but ther is one falt one big big falt, ther are achivements for never beaing spoted and not killing enyone but ther is no way of finding out if you killed or got spoted.If they added this it wold improve the game tenfold, they cud do it in a simeler manner to how targets are handeld in the top corner.I am sorry for my spelling mistakes i an dislectik."
,Recommended,403640,28355274,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Technoman,"First, I didn't have any of the technical issues that seemed to affect others, everything just worked for me on my hardware. i7, GTX 1080, 16gigs of ram, SSD. That said I also applied the betapatch that's now public and it improved performance for me even further.If you liked the original Dishonored then you'll like this as it's a lot more of the same with very few gameplay or mechanical changes. There are a few welcome additions, a new playable character diversifies each playthrough and the subtle differences cause you to approach each mission a little differently, there's also new options to knock out your target in lots of cases instead of murdering them which lends to better ""non lethal""/""low chaos"" playthroughs. I've played through the game 5 times in order to get all of the achievements (you can do that in much fewer playthroughs if you really focus on it) and I still find new things like hidden paths, hidden loot, other secrets.No spoilers but playing the DLC for the original Dishonored will help with understanding a few of the important characters  that appear in this storyline but even if you haven't played that then you should still be alright because they do a good job of introductions and explaining their motivations."
76561198030761950,Recommended,403640,28457057,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,danielerickson,"Loved the first one, second one delivers. Needed the first patch to really perform well but runs like a dream now."
76561198305048520,Recommended,403640,28457111,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,AssassinxManny,This game was great! I just finished my first playthough as Corvo and I can't wait to play it all over again as Emily. I played the game before the patch and after. After the patch the game ran with no problem on my GTX 1070 at 1440p. I highly recommend this game to anyone!
,Recommended,403640,28463593,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Baknik,"With incredible creative vision, Arkane has managed to create a world worth exploring to the fullest."
,Recommended,403640,28085420,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Dingkey,"This game makes me wet. I've played through the game a couple of times now and have enjoyed it very much. I'll admit that my framerate could have been better, ranging from 35-60 at low settings. The game is a good game. It's just upsetting that the PC release was unfinished in terms of optimization. If you have a good system, I whole heartedly recommend you play this game. If your computer isn't that great, then I recommend you not buy it at the current stage it is in."
76561198051970562,Recommended,403640,28087643,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Numbers,"I did enjoy my playthroughs of Dishonored 2. The gameplay was fantastic and the level design was treated nicely as well. These were improvements upon the first game. However, I felt as though Dishonored 2 had a very poor storyline as well as characters and dialogue. These are some of the features that really make a game for me. Take the first game for example, Dishonored had one of the best storylines I've ever encountered in a game and I've played it through countless times. This game felt very much like you're pointed in a direction time after time and you simply have to take someone out and then continue until the game ends. Nothing particularly unexpected happened in the game, no plot twists like we saw in the first. I personally disliked the change of voice actor for the Outsider but all in all it's not a huge deal. I will be doing more playthroughs of the game and I'm hoping for some more insightful storylines in future DLC's if there's a chance of that."
76561198071513159,Recommended,403640,28099822,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Valri,"This game is really, really great.  Incredibly detailed and incredibly fun, with so, so many possibilities for understanding and interacting with the world."
,Recommended,403640,28113996,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Cfois10,"Incredibly fun gameplay, amazing art style. Excited for a patch to fix frame rate issues."
76561197970980626,Recommended,403640,28163909,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Shadow,Good game
,Recommended,403640,28180363,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,3 Inches of Raw Power,"Amazing game,♥♥♥♥♥♥port.Buy if youre ok with that"
76561198138692365,Not Recommended,403640,28218439,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,timberhill,"Loved the first one, and will love the second once they make it playable."
,Recommended,403640,28352541,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,McNutty,"A work of art.I must say after putting in the hours and after the latest patch, this game really is awe inspiring. When you look for it, the detail is immense and the feel you get from the game is really consistent with the feel of the Dishonored universe.To top it all off, without spoiling anything I have to say they add a whole new dimension to the way you play the game. This addition had me giggling in joy at how well it worked as well as the consequences that arise from how you use it.After the latest patch I run the game at a constant (im guessing by design) 72fps at 2k on a gtx 1080 a8g.A must buy. 12.62592311111/13.222311131"
76561198083279968,Not Recommended,403640,27877833,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,THE GUIDING STAR,"I played this after the major ""Fixes"" came out, in an attempt to fix the lag problems everyone else has been describing.  Let me start off by saying that I have a good, powerful computer.  I experience lag sometimes on online games, but that's mainly an internet thing.  This game however, is unnacceptable.  I preordered this on PC because I'm a huge fan of the first game, but I'm sorely dissappointed.  The framerate maxes out at 45 when looking in a corner, zoomed in so the game doesn't have to render anything of the world.  Once you actually get into combat, the framerate reduces all the way to 2fps, and bumps the mouse sensitivity up to an ungodly level.  Don't buy this, don't make my mistake.  I want my money back."
,Recommended,403640,27909502,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Friendly Stranger,Best Game!!!!!!!
,Recommended,403640,27992456,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Holla Holla Get Dolla,Bigger and better than it's predecessor in every way.
,Recommended,403640,28062361,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Gekkonidae,(teleports behind you) nothing personal kid
76561198139758801,Recommended,403640,28132889,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Swarms,Awful release but the new patches have fixed all the issues for me. It is worth picking up now.
,Recommended,403640,28147842,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Sheeep,"I had recently play Dishonored the weekend before this one came out and it got me really invested into it. The lore, how things worked, little secrects and easter eggs, I really enjoyed it. Then this game came out and I could of not had been more excited. Originally I had played DH on X360 a few years ago and never got into but i gave it another shot and im so glad I did. I havent experienced any problems with this game concering graphics. (I have a NVIDIA GTX 1080 and a Intel Corei7-4790s CPU @ 3.20 GHz. I have the Graphics on max and I get 60+ fps) If you enjoyed the first one then I HIGHLY reccomend getting this game. I see a lot of people saying that their rigs cant run it real well (Can I get a RIP in the chat) It's definetly a game that would take a pretty good PC to run. I was originally gonna get it when the Winter sale dropped but I didnt know there was a game awards sale for a weekend so I got it for $40.19. If you have a pretty good PC, liked the first, like story driven games, like sneak/assassin type of games, I cant reccomend this game enough."
,Recommended,403640,28176247,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Nuke,"Okay,NEW BUYERS, this game is operating at max settings on my rig at 45FPS and is being operated with a GTX 960. I do NOT expirience ANY frame drops. Most of these reviews are not being changed due to laziness of the original posters. This is a shame because the game is truely a wonderful game and I am sad to see it have poor reviews. I noticed some frame drops as the game was released, but I didnt see it as unplayable.Gameplay: 10/10Story: 50/10System Optimisation : 5/10Follower-base that post reviews: Lazy/10"
,Recommended,403640,28212138,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Dongurd,"Great game, enjoyable gameplay! I loved the first game and the sequel doesn't disappoint.No performance issues for me.Playing with the patch v 1.3 and Nvidia drivers 376.19 on GTX 1070 & i5 6600K. Stable 60 fps in 1080p max settings throughout the first 4 missions (except occasional drops to 55 fps in level 2: large areas with water and lots of characters)."
76561198052560597,Recommended,403640,28230435,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,HalfDeadfly,"this game is like dishonored, but better. with non-lethal forms of air takedowns and sliding takedowns, playing non-lethal is actually enjoyable. the animations are just as, or sometimes even more, satisfying than the lethal ones.however, it's got a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ launch port, so if you NEED your 60fps i'd hold off until a patch comes out.other than the performance, which is extraordinarily bad, i had a lot of fun with this game, and still am."
76561197993836709,Recommended,403640,28388891,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Jarrod1937,"UPDATEAs I said, I considered myself lucky, knowing any change to my system may cause issues... and, tht is exactly what happened. After upgrading to a 4k projector (fake 4k, e-shift), the game now apparently defaults to 4k at startup and is unplayable. I will admit, it's pretty stupid to have a game engine startup in the highest support resolution by default, especially if it can't handle it. By unplayable, I mean the game won't load enough to the point where I can select a menu. I was able to get it to load to the menu once, but then it was shifted out of view so I couldn't switch it back to 1080p. I've read that this occured in the 1.2 patch, and that a potential fix is to override the resolution in the Geforce Experience app, will be giving that a try later.ORIGINAL REVIEWFor now I consider myself lucky I suppose. With the latest (1.3 beta patch) my game runs flawlessly at Ultra settings on everything and adaptive resolution disabled. I did disable bloom, as I've never been a fan of it.With my settings where they're at, the game plays perfectly fine and looks gorgeous. The gameplay mechanics are quite fun, and they did a good job of allowing you different permutations of attacks to take out enemies and sneaking by them as well. This is the first game I played where I think, ""that spot would be perfect for attacking, but it's probably not accessible,"" yet, it is!The teleporting ability is very nice and allows for interesting positions and attack strategies. My favorite thing is to get to high ground and repeatedly grab enemies with it (an upgrade feature), stab them, someone comes and investigates, rinse and repeat.I do wish you could upgrade it to extend it's reach though. As it stands, the power allows you to select your teleporting position in almost a gravity arc selection, which can be annoying when you have your cross hairs specifically on a ledge and it instead in selecting the ground below. It would be more preferable to not allow you to teleport if the cross hair selection is out of range, rather than selecting an area you didn't ask for. This has led to some frustration where you're at the cusp of being in range and it jitters back and forth between a ledge and the ground, resulting in it teleporting me to the ground instead and getting attacked. Maybe a little bit of hysteresis would help in this scenario?Overall, a very good game that plays and performs nicely. For reference, I have a 1070 with the latest drivers, an i7 quad core (don't recall exact model), 32 gigs of ram, Windows 10 64 bit, and the game is installed on a RAID 10 composed of 4 SSD's."
,Recommended,403640,28408499,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Mr Homunculus,"Great game, ran fine for me but not for most - now it's fixed, give it a go.(People need to update reviews rip)"
76561197972564363,Recommended,403640,28410000,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,talbolus,"For me, just as good as the first Dishonored. I've only done a High Chaos play through so far. Will definately play again on Low Chaos. The value for money is pretty good. One play through with one character took me about 18 hours.I did notice a few bugs in the game like cut power not actually cutting power and runes seemingly not working but nothing too bad.Performance note:I started playing from version 1.2 onwards and didn't have any performance problems or any crashes. On a GTX 970, i7 6700, 16Gb 2400Mhz RAM, I ran at 1080p on High and got 60fps most of the time. Worst drops into the 40s in big outdoor areas with busy fights. I haven't noticed any framepacing issues. The patches seem to be steadily improving the game.Recommended."
,Recommended,403640,27099372,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Emily's lover,"I really love this concept, world, characters and story. Waiting for continuation!"
76561198080831542,Recommended,403640,34673744,Posted: 1 September,all,lorne0048,great game even for 68 year olds
,Recommended,403640,26535302,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Dai_x2 ♚,If you like Dishonored 1 you will love Dishonored 2
,Recommended,403640,28661709,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,BAWB.BAGET,"So far no performance problems like the ones listed in the reviews. 80-120fps on ultra settings + HBAO.What made Dishonored 1 great, from the movement feel to the amount of ways to approach an area feels improved. You can feel the weight of the attacks whether giving or receiving and the momentum of each jump, mantle, slide, and sprint. Though I think one thing that stood out annoyingly were the amount of books and literature in the game. Im not one for stopping the flow of the game to read a 500 word essay about the world, but more power to the people that do care. Seems like a lot of work went into the books and letters scattered throughout.Not sure what kind of machine other people are runningNvidia > AMD huehuehue, but I've honestly haven't had any frame issues on ultra settings. Then again, I'm running a GTX 1070 乁( ͡° ͟ʖ ͡°)ㄏ﻿.I'd recommend it while it's on sale tbh.RIG:OS: Windows 10 ProfessionalMotherboard: ASUS Maximus Hero VIICPU: i7-4790k @ 4.4GhzCPU Cooler: Corsair H60 Liquid CoolerHD: Samsung SSD 840 PRO 512GB, Samsung SSD 850 EVO 512GB, 500GB Hitachi HDD (game is installed on 850 SSD)RAM: 16GB Crucial BallistiXGPU: MSI GTX 1070 8GB ARMOR X OCMonitor: BENQ XL2420te @144hz, 1msSound Card: Creative Sound Blaster ZMouse: Steelseries Sensei PROHeadset: Sennheiser PC 363d"
,Recommended,403640,28870247,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Ooppa,"Even though there are few performance concerns, Dishonored 2 shines in its strength It took me 12 hours to play through this wonderful campaign and I still have many things to discover. This time you can play either Corvoor Emily in an epic quest to take back Emily's throne. So at least you are guaranteed 2 times the value of the first 12 hours of game play. Overall the game is well worth the €40 I payed for it."
76561198018044709,Not Recommended,403640,29098929,Posted: 7 January,all,Fuzzems,Game doesn't launch on startup. Unoptimized piece of poo. Don't support this developer.
76561198047446790,Recommended,403640,26536233,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,akami,"Overall very happy so far!My Rig:32gb Corsair Vengence RamI7 6700K Skylake (no overclock)GTX 1070 Zotac AMP Extreme (no overclock)512GB Crucial SSDWin 10 Pro2560 x 1080 35"" BENQ 144HZ gaming MonitorGood:So I have never played the original, but pre purchased so can play that now for free at a later date. So far I am enjoying the game and the overall experience. Graphics are nice with an interesting cartoon style shader, textures are good and in game frame rates are good 60-70fps inside and outside on ULTRA settings. Story in interseting and am looking forward to seeing where it goes.Bad:Mouse jutter in some menus for some reason, and the cut scene fame rates have stutter which is odd as the ingame ones do not. - fixable in a patch i am sure.Overall:I recommend this game, although it should run better on my rig I know the will sort that with patches to come. Overall though its very very good and if you like having the option to sneak or kill then this game does that well."
76561197970742753,Recommended,403640,29232903,Posted: 13 January,all,mr_dartao,"There are many reviews for this - excellent, IMO - game.I am writing this just to say there are no performance issues for me.Game at max settings and runs real good. GPU is GTX 970. I guess the performance blunder is gone."
,Recommended,403640,30055223,Posted: 20 February,all,Goyo,"The game improved in almost all areas, specially world design and 'feel'.It's only but big downside is it's extremely unoriginal plot."
76561198004585236,Recommended,403640,28193333,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,AtlasDragneel,"great game amazing , love the sound track and gameplay mechs alot. but from what iv seen on the reviews, alot of people ahve been saying there hyave been fps issues? i personally do not have these but yea. great game love the replay value and paths that can be taken etc lol"
,Recommended,403640,27925271,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Archer,muda muda
,Not Recommended,403640,34515187,Posted: 26 August,all,Funny Comedian,"Just don't try and play it on PC, unless you're on a super computer.Maybe then it'll go over 30 fps."
,Recommended,403640,27120821,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Mr.CreepDλy™,"Dishonored 2, the game with lots of options and replayability!This game is amazing, the story is very good and the gameplay is beyond amazing. It is very similar to Dishonored 1 if you played that, but expanded on mostly everything from Lethal to Non lethal gameplay, stealthing and assault.I do recommend playing the first game to know every reference in this game, and this game might spoil the outcome of the first game if you want to play that.This follows the story of Emily Kaldwin and Corvo Attano whom you can play as both, but not at the same time. They both have different abilities and are both fully voiced protagonists. Emily Kaldwin is the empress and Corvo Attano is her Royal Protector and father. Corvo Attano is the protagonist of the first game, and you can continue playing him if you'd like in this game as well, with all the powers he had in the first game, but a little more expanded than the usualLevel 1 -> Level 2, instead you have a bunch of different options to upgrade which gives you a helluva lot of different playstyles for both stealth and combat. Emily is new to the series as in a playable character, in the first game she was like 10 years old. She has all new abilities (Except Dark vision) which does seem interesting, but in my honest opinion, I feel like Corvo's abilities are much more usable for both stealth and combat.tl;dr: Corvo is a badass, and Emily is pretty cool too. Try them both out.This game has amazing replayability, so you get the most out of your money!You can play stealthy without killing anyone and finding a different way to get to your target.You can play stealthy and kill absolutely everybody.You can run out guns blazing and murder everyone!You can play the no powers mode for increased difficulty.You can play as both Corvo and Emily, so that is 2 different playstyles!Even gives you the ability to play New Game+ that keeps your abilities from a previous save.Now that the frame issues are mostly fixed. I highly recommend this if you are a dishonored fan!It's amazing.Overall though, I do recommend this game if you have a mid to high rig. GO GET IT!"
,Not Recommended,403640,26514736,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,FalloutFanatic,"Its just a blantant reskin of the original Dishonored. from being set up again to a new plague, the tutorial is exactly the same. You have another boat keeper who tells you what to do at the beginning of the level. The missions are similar as well. its either disable a barrier to let the boat driver through or assassinate someone."
76561197972270604,Recommended,403640,26571375,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,b3ddy,"I've yet to have any serious issues on ultra. 1920x1080 pretty steady 60 frames, I've seen it dip down to 48 but it was hardly noticeable. Game is worth dealing with a tad bit of performance issues. They'll fix in time I'm sure. Poor optimization is what is killing the PC community and I hate it as much as the next, but I wouldn't let that keep you from this game. So far its everything I wanted after becoming a huge fan of Dishonored 1.Specs:GTX970i7-6700k16GB DDR4Samsung 850 Pro+WD Black"
76561198052703552,Recommended,403640,26579518,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Vonboubou,"Yes, for now, the game has big performance issues. BUT there is a very simple trick to play it in EXCELLENT conditions: once the game is launched, go to the task manager, in details, right-click on dishonored2.exe and set the process priority to normal (low by default). With my Radeon 7970 (the very minimum), I get less than 10 fps in low priority and around 50-60 in normal (really!).Besides the performance issues, the game is absolutely awesome, as good as the original game (if not better)."
,Recommended,403640,26607144,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Puppy,"----------------------Story/Lore (SPOILERS!)----------------------Very insuring lore and very nice steampunk theme. The world has mass amount of lore behind it with such things as diseases that occurred during the times, famous people that made very futuristic things, and stories on what happened to people in that time era. The story happens about 20 or so years later after the first Dishonored so expect to play as Corvo or Emiley and not see one of them for most of the game, because you have to pick one. The story does not best the first but is still a very good story with interesting characters and enemies, cool interactions with other NPCs and constant interactions with the Outsider. There is more to be told in this game about the Outsider more than the first had which is quite good for the lore.8/10 For Lore and Story Telling----------------------Gameplay (Hard Difficulty)----------------------Very similar gameplay to the first with harder stealth that filled that gap it had in the first one. New types of enemies which can not be stealth killed (Clock Tower Soldiers) and depending on who you pick between Emily and Corvo your powers. Between Emily and Corvo's Outsider given powers they have similar ones (Blink, Dark Vision, Validity, Shadow Kill exc.) but also a lot of different ones as well (Doppelganger, Stealth Form, Far Reach, and Domino) while Corvo has his classics. This game can be played how you want to be played and it says that in the game it supports stealth to full out just sword and gun fights. The stealth is a little better because you can now kill enemies over cover and under cover such things as the first did not.9/10 For Gameplay----------------------Graphics/Optimization (Max Settings)----------------------This game has a very colorful and beautiful city and is easy on the eyes. There are not a lot of extra Nvidia Workshop settings you would expect from a Nvidia sponsored game but there are some. The port however is yes you guessed it♥♥♥♥♥♥at the moment but I am not marking down the score for that because they said they are fixing the problem soon. The graphics on everything look well detailed and very well textured, very smooth and has a cartoon like theme to the graphics which works as well. The models I do have to say look a little weird in my opinion. It's just the way they look such as their bodies and faces but its not bad, just the artstyle.8/10 For graphics (Port is going to be fixed)----------------------Final Score:8.3 Should have added some new gameplay mechanics, but at the end of the day still a great game for the series.----------------------"
76561198032238560,Not Recommended,403640,26720354,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,angelac405,would not load
,Recommended,403640,26924395,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Hg.moon,"At this point, I've finished Dishonored 2 three separate times. Twice as Emily (High/Low Chaos) and once as Corvo (High Chaos). I just started a Low Chaos run with Corvo.'PerformanceI'm on an i5-4590 with a GTX 970. I bought the game on release day. Upon first opening the game, I ran into the same issues a lot of other people seem to be having. However, instead being like most people crying and returning the game (but not before leaving a bad review for a game they didn't play), I took 2 minutes to Google the issues I was having. All I had to do was reset the resolution to the correct one and change the playback to Borderless Full Screen. After doing those 2 simple things, I was playing on Very High/Ultra settings and never dipping below 55 fps. Now that the first of a couple performance patches is out, I'm not sure this is even an issue anymore.StoryThe original Dishonored is one of my favorite single player games, and now Dishonored 2 is right up there with it. With that being said, the series' strong suit is not the story. I will say that Dishonored 2's story is much more compelling and less predictable than the first game's, but it still isn't anything that will blow you away. It is what it is: a way to get you into what the game is REALLY about and REALLY excels at...GameplayI do not feel like I'm overexaggerating when I say that the gameplay in the Dishonored series is absolutely incredible. Dishonored 2 manages to take every aspect that made the first game's gameplay so rewarding and challenging and expand on almost every part of it. Doing a High Chaos (killing everyone) run with either character will make you feel more powerful than almost any other game, while managing to not also feel easy. When you're about halfway through the game, the upgrades possible for your powers are so fun to experiment with and just make you feel like a general badass. Doing Low Chaos (no/few killings, no/some detection by enemies) is about 200% more fun than in the original Dishonored. You can now choose to knock enemies unconsious with a drop-assassination move, and your powers are more viable to use for stealth gameplay than the first game, which really held a lot of the gameplay back if you were trying to complete the game without killing anyone. All in all, you will be hard-pressed to find more rewarding and fun gameplay in any other stealth action game.Another strong suit of the Dishonored series is the intricate level design. Even being on my 4th playthrough, I'm still finding new paths to take through the levels, and alternate outcomes to situations that I hadn't seen at all in previous playthroughs. No matter what playstyle you're going for, there's always some way through the expansive level that will be perfect for you. If there's any reason at all to buy this game, it's to see this masterpiece of level design and world-building.ConclusionDishonored 2 goes above and beyond to give veterans of the first game everything they love + more, while serving as an amazing experience for those new to the series. It makes me sad to see a ""Mixed"" by the reviews on Steam for this game, because I believe if people didn't have the performance issues (or were willing to try to work around them at least for a minute) this would be GOTY for a lot of people, because I know it is for me. Performance issues aside (because I never even experienced them in game, just in the menu when I first opened it) I think Dishonored 2 is the best game of the year and a master-class in world building and gameplay from Arkane.Score:9.5/10"
,Recommended,403640,26549209,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Artorias,"I would definitely reccomend this game to anyone with a PC that is powerful enough to handle it. The game is amazing, however it is not well optimized at all. I can play it on medium at around 50-60 fps with a GTX 970 and an AMD FX-8320. Here's hoping for a patch though."
,Recommended,403640,26551622,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Gilvard,"So just finished my first playthrough of this game and thought I should do a review of my thoughts overall. Obviously the first thing to note is the optimisation issues. There are issues indeed and many people are having frame rate drops including myself, but these issues are not as serious for a fair amount of people. The developers have stated they are working on a patch, so maybe hold off on getting the game for the next few days while we wait for these issues to hopefully get fixed.Now onto my thoughts of the game, and I have to say, I love this game! Never was very interested in Dishonored, but thought I would get Dishonored 2 since pre-ordering also gave me the first game to try. Dishonored 2 has an amazing story which can branch different ways and give different endings depending upon which character you choose and how you approach each situation during the game. Having two different characters that do play fairly differently is a great aspect of this game too. There are many different weapons and abilities which you can use and upgrade to better your experiance through the game, all with different purposes. I especially enjoyed using the rat ability to consume my enemies. The game has a nice atmosphere and a lot to do. You can search for runes, bonecharms, materials to craft bonecharms and eaven recipes to upgrade your weaponry. I hardly scratched the surface of content within this game and plan to playthrough the game again.Overall, I say do not be fooled my the mixed reviews. The game has some optimisation issues, but if you are willing to look past them and wait for the developers to (hopefully) fix them, you can see an amazing game that could be Game of the Year material.Peace guys! :D"
,Recommended,403640,26573060,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Illusion | LFT,THIS GAME AS OF 11/12 IS BROKENThis release is pathetic and downright embarrassing for Bethesda and Arkane Studios.This is a triple A title from very popular and very renowned gaming companies.It is unnacceptable that it has been released with so many bugs and optimization issues on day one.I am running a GTX 970 with an i7 4790k at 4.0GHz and I am getting no higher than 50 frames and as low as 30 on low with all effects turned off. (Even on monster rigs this game struggles)Dishonored 2 is basically un-playable at this point with no patch announced.Until they optimize the game it is not worth your time or money. Wait until after a patch.
,Recommended,403640,26577239,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,thetrueprime,"Brilliant Game, love every part of it.Just need to add a New Game+ mode to actually get to play with the abilities you spend the first run getting.Can't wait for some DLC or more updates!Sorry to hear people are having perfomance issues, but I've never dropped lower than 60 my whole 2 runs, sorry."
,Recommended,403640,26720520,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Dennis,"great game, works fine for me"
76561198069426645,Recommended,403640,26723293,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Communist Manifesto,"Aside from performance issues which were in my case minor, a phenomenal sequel to a game I absolutely loved."
,Recommended,403640,26735682,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Mistah Cookie,best singleplayer game you will buy this year. A perfect score5/7
,Not Recommended,403640,26752880,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,TooBritishToQuitish,"As it currently stands, Dishonored 2 is a potentially gorgeous game, marred by a terrible launch state.The current patch, 1.2 alleviates, but does not remove these issues.Immediate warning signs on the loading screens, where the mouse cursor shudders and judders around the screen.Adaptive resolution and framerate only serve to reduce what should be, by the previous games standards, a smooth and enjoyable experience.Wait for the patch that (hopefully) fixes these issues. In its current state, Dishonored 2 is a shadow of its former self.I'm running on a GTX 1060 6gb, i7 4970k and 16gb of DDR3 RamThe game automatically recommends medium setting, with all (and i mean all) of the extras such as lightshafts, AA, etc, turned off.Your mileage may vary. In framerate. and resolution. and quality.Shockingly bad form from Arkane.Standard for Bethesda."
,Recommended,403640,26752883,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Crownless,"A great sequel! I've played through once as Emily and her abilities definitely differ enough from Corvo to be worth 2 playthroughs. Genuinely fun stuff, interesting story, great stealth mechanics. I wouldn't say it's radically different from Dishonored, but the content and the story and set pieces are really good.Overall, I'd say it's worth full price, but if you aren't sure that your system will run it, wait for a sale.Run on mostly ultra settings with Win10, i-7 4790K, GTX 1070, 16GB RAM, on an SSD. It runs well on my system for the most part, though I did notice some odd moments where it defaulted to 30FPS, even with VSync off."
,Not Recommended,403640,26521345,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Dale,"Oh boy .... what have I been waiting for this game to be released so I could finally enjoy the sequel of Dishonored. But what exactly is this ""thing"" we've got here on steam at the very moment?As many of the other players have mentioned already, the performance is simply garbage. High ... Very High ... Ultra. It doesn't really matter what setting you choose, as these issues are present almost everywhere. However, what I've noticed is that I was not having real performance issues while playing on rather low settings. But with a i7 5820k , GTX 980 Ti and 32GB RAM I should be able to pull off not just the very minimum of the given graphics settings right?The gameplay itself seems pretty great to me (almost like the original game but with more enhancements) but as of now ... these performance issues really ruin the fun for me. It's hilarious how my gpu load hits nearly 100% on this game in a few cases, yet this game doesn't offer the best graphics available these days.Bethesda better fix this ASAP or this will be one of the worst games we have seen this year."
76561198036178349,Recommended,403640,26541028,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Apparadox,"This review is not based on performance issues.  Although I do not agree with games being released broken, once settings are twekaed correctly for your system it is an insanely fun experience.Here are my system specsWindows 10 64 bit version 1607AMD  FX 6300 Six-Core Processor 3.5 GHz16 Gb of RAMRX-480 8 Gb video memoryI was disappointed to find that even with these specs, I could not run the game well on very high, and definitely not ultra.Turned some settings on performance, turned morphological filtering on, only a few settings set to high, most on medium. TXAA x 1Things are running better now.  Also, do not use alt tab, I had to restart my computer because this game kept crashing to desktop every time I got into the game.These few minor complaints can be fixed easily though I presume.On to gameplay.  As of now I'm playing with corvo on hard doing a ghost run.  This title is noticably more difficult than the last, and seems to add everything you'd want from a sequel to this franchise.  I'm going to just do bullet points so I can keep myself from rambling nonsense.Pros:-Amped up graphics (despite performance issues)-Rewards player for stealthy interactions-Stays true to Dishonored, but feels fresh and refined.-Challenging-Collectibles keep player interested-Larger maps-Seemless dialogue for side questsCons:-Poor performance issues across the board-Recommended specs not being able to handle high or very high settings-More performance complaints-♥♥♥♥ my piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥rig that can't run this on ultraI'm sure there is plenty more I could find but out of the couple hours in-game, this is about all I could muster with my intelligence. Disappointed? It's Trumps fault."
,Recommended,403640,26636940,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Grizzly,"Optimization is absolute, horrendous, steaming, full-blown, no-holds-barred, full-steam ahead, weapons-grade♥♥♥♥♥♥ I'm getting 60-40 frames on medium to low settings with a GTX 970, and that's with an autohotkey script running in the background that keeps setting the game back to high priority every single time it switches itself to low, for whatever reason.Mouse sensitivity is tied to the framerate, so the mouse is more sensitive when the game's laggin', which it does, a lot.Other than the fact that the game is ♥♥♥♥ing abysmal technologically, it's still a ♥♥♥♥in' great game that I don't plan on leaving any time soon.It's got every aspect of Dishonored 1 and improved on most of them. The game's visceral as ♥♥♥♥, with limbs and heads coming off like ♥♥♥♥ing lego, and then there's Emily and her Far Reach ability, which is basically the best reason to actually play her.Difficulty is actually diffcult now. There's a MASSIVE difference between easy and very hard difficulty.Stealth is fun as ♥♥♥♥, and there's so many different ways to approach every situation now, many of which are locked behind certain abilities, so you're rewarded for speccing yourself into some abilities.The story isn't anything special, I guess. It wasn't too interesting, you just kinda sit back and watch it happen. Most of the characters are stereotypical or just boring, with no real midpoint.Level design is ♥♥♥♥ING GREATThat's about it. If you've got some strong, STRONG ♥♥♥♥in' GPU, go ahead and get it, and still be ready to refund incase the game just doesn't run for a completely arbitrary reason. Beyond the optimization, there's a really swell game and a noice sequel for anyone who's played D1."
76561198029126609,Recommended,403640,26638708,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Padishah,"Do I reccomend Dishonored 2? Yes, without a doubt!Its includes the same large well crafted open levels, emergent gameplay, sandbox of possibilities, fun powers, lots of tools and etc. Going balls to the wall violent is just as rewarding as stealth as upgrades are item based not XP based. Its influences are felt from Thief to Deus Ex to System Shock 2. Stealth is now even more rewarding and in depth than in the first game. Like the first game its a really fun game to play and mess around with. (It even makes me more excited for their upcoming ""Prey"" game)Is it better than the first game? Sorta..Theres a bunch of slight improvments here and there. There are two characters to play as this time around, both of which play somewhat diffirently and have diffirent powers. (Also increased re playability) Non lethal play is now a lot better and it looks better graphically too.But preformance issues on PC are well noted and I myself had some issues with getting a steady frame rate. Some people have had far worse issues and some no issues at all. Not very well optimized, could be worse but could be better. Im not a fan of how much easier it is for guards to spot you when they shouldnt have either. Or the fact power upgrades are more expensive forcing you to go out of your way to find more ruins/charms/etc instead of focusing on your objective. Nor do I find the ruin crafting really adds anything to the game.Overall still mostly solid, would reccomend waiting a bit for some more patches.8/10 right now, 9/10 when patched. Great game overall and potential GOTY contender."
76561198045210442,Recommended,403640,26750962,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Thatwasluck,"If you liked the first game, you'll find lots to enjoy in this sequel. The music and art style are gorgeous, with missions being varied and challenging. I am a gamer who primarily sticks to standard FPS shooters, but the Dishonored series caught me off guard as a truly fun and innovative experience unlike most games out there. Though the story is somewhat standard, the world and characters Arkane has created keep me coming back for multiple playthroughs.I understand that some people are having issues with the PC version, and that is disappointing. But I understand that a patch was just released today that should relieve some of you still having issues. I was one of the lucky ones who didn't have issues at the game's launch, and yet with the patch, my game runs at a more stable 60 fps, so my overall technical experience has been stellar.I truly believe Arkane has a made a real winner with the Dishonored series and I hope they continue a trend of beautiful games that are incredibly fun to play :)"
,Recommended,403640,26765624,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Tom.JTC23,"TL;DR - Brilliant game, excellent sequel. Patches certainly smoothing performance.Dishonoured 2 is an overall excellent game, which is why I find it's launch quite disappointing. For me, I never encountered terrible issues with running the game on a GTX 970 and an i5 unlike many other players did with even with top of the line systems, so I didn't start the game with any annoyances which is to say the least the best way to release a title.Of course there is no denying that there were performance issues, mainly FPS fluctuations which also caused camera control speed to change slightly depending on the current framerate. The patches (writing this as of 1.2) have made things overall much steadier, with Arkane seemingly dedicated to setting things straight.Getting away from that, it saddens me that the turbulent release put a shadow on the otherwise intricately well designed levels where you can create your own varied play style and have a great deal of exciting fun, tense stealth or a whole range of options in between. I think that this sequel improves from Dishonoured 1 in every way,  while keeping the overall gameplay and functionality really in line with the series.The story is very interesting and rather immersive, I found myself reading nearly every book and note I came across which is something I don't normally delve into with such enthusiasm, even down to signs and scribbles on the walls in the game - it is all worth paying attention to if your a fan of the story. Then of course there is the ability to choose who to play as which gives the game even more replayablity due to not only just changing the way you play, but changing the underlying view of the story. I look forward to returning as an angry Corvo to reak havock, after my first playthrough as a very thoughtful Emily who powered through with nothing but understanding and forgiveness.Graphically it keeps the lovely art style of the series but improves immensely making the world much more realistic within it's theme, the amount of detail in each level is incredible, with so much to look at and find - both in plain sight and very hidden - it'll have you exploring for hours. The lighting is excellent indeed, helping give everything a large amount of depth and really makes you appreicate one location to the next.Highly recommended, even more so now the main issues are ironed out. Arkane's release of patch 1.2 shows that they care, I just hope that 2016 as a whole brings back ensuring that releases are polished from the start, and that goes for ALL."
,Recommended,403640,26956441,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,.bat,"I don't have performance issues but many people do.Gameplay is great, story is great, art is very impressive.I'm enjoying the game so far, already completed two runs."
,Recommended,403640,26979551,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Krissa,"*This review was written after completing the game on beta patch 1.2*Dishonored 2 when released did not perform well on most systems although with Beta Patch 1.2 performance has improved by a significant margin.With a I5 4690K and a GTX 980 I was able to get 60 FPS with dips to 50 at certain times with the settings at HIGH and texture and model settings set to VERY HIGH. So by no means does this game run as well as it should but it is in my opinion more than playable.Now onto the game itself.DESIGN:Dishonored 2 takes up the good aspects of Dishonored 1's design and expands on them with bigger mission areas, more variation in the contents of the missions themselves while it also has improved on the level design itself. the art direction is still very much inline with the first Dishonored but the improvement to the animations, lighting, models and texturework give the game it's modernized edge and actually helps set up an even more gripping atmosphere than Dishonored 1 did.COMBAT:As in Dishonored 1 the game allows you to play in a vast amount of ways, if the targets are to live or die is up to you but this time around both Emily and Corvo have a bigger variaty of tools to help them along. Many return from the first installment but fresh new additions mix up the gameplay quite a bit. Even pacifists can now punch peoples lights out while in combat meaning conflict doesn't have to end up in bloodshed. However if you want to splatter some blood you can now do that in more ways than before so it's a win-win for all.STEALTH:The AI has been notably improved, they now notice whenever things in the enviroment have changed and this time  whenever our protagonist is leaning in and peaking from a corner they won't ignore the head sticking out from behind the doorframe meaning getting by undetected is more of a challenge now. In addition the gaurds can actually see more than 10 feet in front of them this time around which in my book is an improvement.STORY:Just as in the first game the story plays out diffferently depending on how you handle situations throughout the game, playing the game differently will result in different endings. And with two different protagonists there is an abundance of ways key parts of the campaign can play out meaning multiple playthroughs will still feel fresh. The characters themselves are interesting as well with some returning from the first game but none of the characters in Dishonored 2 are there purely for fanservice they all have their purpose in the story. The game also still features a ton of books notes letters and scribbles that tell you a lot about the history, people, areas, folktales that the world of Dishonored has to offer so in short: More Lore. And it's all stilll as well written as in the first game.CONCLUSION:Would I recommend Dishonered in it's current state?1)Have you played Dishonored 1? Then yes, if not I recommend playing the first title before this one so you can get a beter understanding of the story and the atmosphere of these games.2)If you have a high(er) end pc then yes. If not I would wait for more patches untill the game runs as it should be running. But performance issues aside the game is incredibly well designed, taking everything good that made Dishonored 1 stand out and improving upon it while also ironing out flaws which the first installment had. So it's more of the good stuff and less of the bad stuff, all in all it is worth the price."
76561198032081755,Recommended,403640,28886986,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Lichtloze,"Very fun game!  Loved the story and was actually quite a bit of gameplay well worth the money!  I had almost everything on Ultra with AA maxed out and would be at 60 FPS most of the time had a few dips here and there, but overall ran steady without having to configure anything outside of the game!  8/10 would recommend."
,Recommended,403640,33144917,Posted: 2 July,all,GLaDOS ¯\_(ツ)_/¯,good game lots of ways you can do the mission 10/10
76561198138900112,Recommended,403640,34751620,Posted: 5 September,all,Steclipse,It's pretty good
,Recommended,403640,31077278,Posted: 11 April,all,Nokeir,"A story about revenge? awesome, climbing and killing with magic? hell yeah, detailed lore? i'll read it later."
76561198066096063,Recommended,403640,34076586,Posted: 7 August,all,Abe,"This game is fantastic. Even better than dishonored 1 in my opinion.You have two protagonists here, emily and corvo. I played as emily.Emily and corvo has different spells and such, i dont really know more than that, but this game has great replay value based on all the different outcomes for the story you can get and the different approaches you can take. Killing everything vs going unoticed for example. Combat is fun, but it was a bit easy for my taste. I've only played on hard though, so i dont know about very hard, i gotta try that out first.The game runs ok, but requires a good pc to run smoothly on high settings. Its not optimized that well it seems. Its a port from consoles so when it launched it was unplayable, but they have since released patches to fix it. I ran it on 60-80fps on ultra, but i couldnt max AA if i wanted more than 50 fps. I use gtx 980 ti if thats of any help.The game took me around 20 hours and i was taking my time exploring every possible on inch on the first three missions, avoiding combat etc, but eventually i just started killing my friends and♥♥♥♥♥♥so it went down pretty quick the last missions. I would say this game can be finishef in 15 hours, but also 30 depending on what you do. Tons of extra content to explore if you are into that. One thing that bugged me was the dark vision spell. It has a pulsating heartbeat with a very unpleasant orange/red/puke yellow outlay that covers the entire screen. Not much negative to say though, this game was better than i had expected and it was really fun and engaging."
76561198005080298,Not Recommended,403640,33509937,Posted: 13 July,all,Bagadicks The Squirrel,Terribly optimized.
76561198273287950,Recommended,403640,28996953,Posted: 3 January,all,gxq1203,A must buy if you love the first game!
76561198146805142,Recommended,403640,28998211,Posted: 3 January,all,Hamster,Worth!!!
76561198113281913,Recommended,403640,28996422,Posted: 3 January,all,DANGerousTony,"Almost skipped this one because of bad performance on pc, I'm glad I didn't because now it appart from the remaining performance issues and some bugs, the game is playable. I'm using an old gtx 970 model with an fx 8320 on 1080p high didnt accounter any stutters.Apart from performance the story really good, great voice acting but the gameplay is the reason you ll want to buy this game, it's smooth, challenging, has two character with different skill set, multiple ways to play like the first one  with excellent level design. It's definitly worth picking up on sale."
76561198059896003,Not Recommended,403640,28608021,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Tristan,"Why release a game on pc if you cant even play it on pc, I shouldn't have the game freeze after a few minutes and literally become unplayable at lowest settings with a gtx 960 thats just not right"
76561198324411750,Recommended,403640,27519404,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,neilk2019,"If you take the story and gameplay from the first dishonered and make it better you will get dishonored 2 10/10I did have a few minor framerate issue, but nonthing major. Loading time can be long when first lauching the game and when you are loading a new level. I have not have any major framerate issues like other people are having.For the setting I have the main graphic settings at high, but the minor setting like shadow quality at low and the game runs fine.  (I have not tried to run it on the highest graphic settings.)Specs I have for my asus laptop: (mode: G752VL-DH71)Intel core i7gtx 96516 gb of ram1 tb hard drive17.3 in sceen"
76561198006111638,Recommended,403640,31869705,Posted: 20 May,all,wolfspider,"It's more Dishonored. I mean, what more do you want? For the record I had minimal technical issues. Also, fun to play as Emily."
,Recommended,403640,31848980,Posted: 19 May,all,Buttsmacker,"Excellent gameplay, gfx, and storyline."
76561198064642244,Recommended,403640,26749539,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Geeked,"by some miracle - i got to play this without glitches from day one. i'm happy about that because i'd want to murder people if the game wasn't working. been waiting on this baby for a time. fortunately, it worked and i got to murder people in game - or rather - choke everyone out when i could OR shoot the heads off the murder-bots and use the sound of broken glass to guide them to the next mob. or sleep darts , or mesmerize, or every other ability in the game ... it's a banquet of how to deal with security guards. Its a great not murder/murder-simAlso there's a story and characters. comparing this game to the first one is tough to do objectively now - since there was the DAUD dlc to finish the 1st game - but like everything - first impressions count - and so the first game may possibly be THE favourite forever. In that... this game is comparable to Deus Ex - Mankind Divided - both games are graphically and mechanically better - but don't have the 'epic' story of the originals. At the end of the day - it's more time in the 'Dishonored' world."
76561198017869397,Recommended,403640,31092681,Posted: 12 April,all,WindWallk,"Bought this game last week and so far I'm very pleased with this purchase. The game has great story and gameplay. I like it a lot.And since alot of people are complaining about performance issues, here is my note on that:My rig:Gygabyte GTX 670 2GB8GB RAMintel core i7 3770kGame runs on very high settings flawlessly...(I don't care about fps) Even in the wider areas I have absolutely no problem. I even tried the ultra settings, but the wider areas turned out to be a bit of a problem(still playable though).My advice: learn how to build a proper PC, it's not all about having a great video card... you have to combine it with a CPU of the same class and note that a sloppy motherboard will decrease their performance, so you will need a good motherboard too.I definitely recommend this game!"
,Recommended,403640,33566394,Posted: 15 July,all,大天使 tsukov,10/10 can't run it on a HD2600 512mb
76561197993464185,Not Recommended,403640,30954541,Posted: 4 April,all,destroyhimmyrobot,"Read multiple reviews, everyone has a different experience with the game, this is mine.Don't buy it, you'll save yourself money, hours of frustration and about a million CTD. I wish I could say my experience with the game was a unique situation, but unfortunately it's not. I have spent a lot of time trying to get this game to work, I've tried community fixes, official ""fixes"", reformatting one of my computers, trying Windows 7 & 10, tried running on a totally different computer, different drivers, different service packs etc. all for nothing. It's one problem after another, as soon as I get the .exe CTD bypassed, it CTD at the main menu or CTD at the load screen, the game is has severe stability problems. The customer support is absolutely abysmal, the devs don't listen to customer concerns or address them. In the end, after months of trying, I give up, I don't have the time or patience anymore to try and figure out what is wrong with this game, which really sucks. I was looking forward to this game and all I ended up with is, frustration & dissapointment and the feeling I've been ripped off. Hopefully someone will learn from my mistake and avoid this game.Desktop System SpecsI7 3770K, 16 Gb RAM, Msi 980 Ti, Win 7(multiple service packs) & Win 10Laptop System SpecsI7 6700HQ, 12Gb Ram, GTX 960m, Win 10"
,Recommended,403640,27700125,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Satan,"Just do it ! I had a lot of fun playing it, no bug, no problem, just fun."
,Recommended,403640,27695576,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Altona Falcon,"I failed to see why people are leaving negative reviews, consequently putting such a masterpiece down in the dumps.Yes, the game has its flaws, but it has succeeded in inciting the exact thrills as Dishonored and then some. The city is even more massive, there are even more approaches, resources are harder to come by, new crafting system, new magic. Also the Timepiece, damn! Put me off for a bit, but I really enjoy this new mechanism.I will admit, I preordered the game to pay tribute to Dishonored- a game where I did not buy to play. And I'm sure Dishonored 2 does not disappoint me in any way."
76561198023630161,Not Recommended,403640,27699765,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,salad boss,"The first Dishonored is probably on of my favourite games ever. So I'm sad to say that I would not reccomend buying Dishonored 2 in its current state. Even with the patch that fixed some issues, it still has fps problems."
,Not Recommended,403640,34167136,Posted: 11 August,all,mo' money,"For £30, Dishonored 2 is not worth it.If you want to see for yourself I'd recommend waiting until it's on sale.While it has the shell of Dishonored with it's fundemental mechanics, everything else was just a worse reiteration of how the original did it. It had a new power and bone charm system that just felt overcomplicated, terrible level design, boring characters, with Meagan Foster being the biggest culrpit, a terrible and hollow replacement for Samuel the Boatman, and this may sound strange, but although the visuals were more detailed and still beautiful, it felt like it lost its original and unique charm. It's biggest downfall though was that the story simply doesn't create enough intrigue or drive to motivate a sausage.At the beginning you half-heartedly get thrown into the story without an interesting introduction to the feel of the game, just a training section prior with playable characters Corvo and Emily so the player could get aqquainted with the controls. And you can now play the entire game twice with a different set of abilities as Corvo or Emily, which is cool I guess but who would want to play through that story twice.I really wanted it to be as good as Dishonored but as its sequel it was always going to be hard to live up to the first and with a game that is as story driven as the Dishonored, the rest of it's faults could be forgiven if it at least had an impactful story with motivating and interesting characters, but sadly it did not."
76561197970872996,Not Recommended,403640,34004445,Posted: 3 August,all,MeatyOgre,"The optimization for this game is absolutely terrible. I still have frame stutter on a mid-to-high gaming rig. This is utterly ridiculous. I fell in love with the first one and couldn't wait to cut my teeth on this one. But, by God, I could not be anymore disappointed. I can't even rate the game on it's gameplay because the stutter is so pervasive and distracting. Yes, I opted for beta patches. Yes, I applied tweaks from any damn website that would offer them. Nothing seems to smooth this out. I have been gaming for many, many years on PC and I can't remember a game that offered so much but failed to deliver because of optimization issues. I can literally play almost any game out there on high to ultra. I can't even play Dishonored 2 on medium settings. I will be thinking twice about purchasing the next installment. Huge disappointment."
76561198121633737,Recommended,403640,26672727,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Doth My Nugs Beqeuath me?,"I have a GTX950 and an i3 4370 and am able to run this at around 30-40 FPS. Occassionally I will run into an area that causes it to drop to 28 FPS or so, but nothing that makes the game unplayable. Overall, great story, great characters, and awesome gameplay."
76561198042496373,Recommended,403640,26746986,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,gpf,"Dishonored 2 is a great game.The Story is very good. The voiceover is great. The Graphic is awesome.I can't understand the performance issues anyone here has. Complaining about an AA Title that uses their Systems at maximum capacity.I've no problems with highest settings, and i don't run an dual-Titan setup.So here are some hints. It's your decision to try them or not.- keep your drivers up to date- scale down graphic settings to the performance of your system- reduce the resolution to a reasonable Setting- don't get your PC cluttered with useless GFX and performance ""optimizers""- and so on... and you will have no/fewer problems (up to the limits of your system).perhaps you should consider optimizing your system:- Get more RAM. Runnung a Titan with 8GB of system RAM makes no sense.- try not to overestimate the limits of your system. (a second monitor alone halves the performance of your GFX)- buy the correct RAM for your Board- buy the correct CPU for your GFX Setup- and so on...Perhaps the Performance Issues mentioned by others here are truly an game-problem. If this is the case, it will be fixed. To help the devs to do this, tell them (with exact problem description and diagnostic informations)."
76561198262100693,Recommended,403640,26583575,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Aurelius,Very good gameplay and difficulties design.Still there exists some problems of graphic I will give it a positive.
76561198006588614,Not Recommended,403640,26748027,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,SouthernWolverine,"It's a good game if you're lucky enough to be able to play in on PC.  However, there's so many bugs hurting framerates or preventing loading entirely I can't recommend it for PC right now.  I personally played about five hours and now it only loads to a stuttering screen and won't even get to the main menu.Buy it on console, if you can, or wait a couple months for bugs to get worked out."
,Recommended,403640,29019787,Posted: 4 January,all,Kaieil,"Just finished my first play through as Emily. Amazing game, amazing story, great controls. I havent played the first one....yet. And I am looking forward to it. I went for stealth completion AND non-lethal which made it a decently challenging run through on very hard."
,Recommended,403640,29019859,Posted: 4 January,all,Floki,"As I am a man who absolutely adored the first Dishonored you may want to take this review with a pinch of salt but I will try to be as objective as I can.This game is great but it is far from perfect. The mechanics are as solid as the first and the level design is as good or better in some cases. The characters are deep and interesting, Jindosh being one of my favourites. There are a few subtle references to the original game (and a lot of hamfisted ""DO YOU REMEMBER HOW GOOD DISHONORED ONE WAS?"" moments).In my opinion, the greatest strength of this game is the freedom it gives you to do what you want. It dumps you in a level with a few vague suggestions/clues and tells you to just go have fun. There are a lot of game that try this but fail epically. Dishonored 2 succeeds at this because of the choice it gives you. Do you want to be stealthy? Do you want to take the high ground or the low? Do you want to pass by without hurting anyone or even being noticed? Or do you want to BECOME DEATH INCARNATE AND TAKE HORRIBLE AND PAINFUL REVENGE ON THOSE THAT HAVE TAKEN WHAT WAS YOURS?!The choices that you make are made possible by Dishonored 2's movement techniques. The ability to sprint, climb, jump, and blink/far reach your way around make you feel like a god. The blink mechanics are possibly my favourite game mechanics of all time.Now you might be thinking, ""This game sounds amazing, I'm gonna drop €60 on this straight away!"" but there is one problem, and it's a leviathan of a problem.This game runs like your overweight uncle after he's been shot in the leg, and also he's on fire.My PC has an Intel Core i5-4690 and an nVidia GeForce GTX 970, not a machine worthy of the gods but certainly nothing to sneeze at. To get this game to run at 60 (most of the time) I had to resort to using Medium settings.""MEDIUM?!"" I laughed as it autodetected my settings. ""I haven't used anything below High since I upgraded."" However, fiddling with the settings only made my fear grow stronger. ""The rumours were true, it does run like♥♥♥♥♥""Ok this I could deal with, it's not ars good as it could be but it is still extremely beautiful. So I played a few levels and was completely immersed until I get to the Clockwork Mansion (no spoilers). The Clockwork Mansion may be the greatest level ever devised in all of gaming but I could only get my framerate above 30 if I stared at a blank wall for a few seconds. The framerate hovered around a cinematic 25fps throughout the level and made me feel as if my eyes would bleed.The framerate does dip in a few other locations, especially those with moving parts. Some of it is understandable with multiple levels being rendered at the same time at one point (spoiler?) but it is not something I can condone.In conclusion I would definitely recommened Dishonored 2. Despite its obvious flaws and poor performance it is a testament to how games can be made. Excellent levels, excellent mechanics, terrible optimisation."
76561198093737711,Recommended,403640,28643806,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Mr_?,"It is good! It dose not lag on ULTRA! and my rig is old. I have only played the tutorial and a bit of the first mission, and yes I love it! Originally I was sceptical about it but I am glad I got it."
,Recommended,403640,30930275,Posted: 3 April,all,HEV Elite,"There's just something I don't like about this game, that i can't quiet put my finger on (compared to D1)Cons---unskippable intro logosa lot of objectives & areas were unintuitivespringrazor improvised grenades don’t detonate reliably anymoreai sometimes bugs out/gets confused during combatai is able to shoot & swing at targets behind themitem wheel often chooses the wrong itemai is still blind & deaf on very hard settingsclimbing is sometimes buggyentering small openings like windows, vents sometimes buggywhite felt cap worn by guards is considered a metal helmetnew grenade timer is not as good as the oldno dialogue choicesmuch more buggy than D1; thowing people into water causes them to hit the bottm without splashing. Non-lethal moves send victims slidng/flying accross the floor like a cartoon. can kick people into the wallsai can't see through thick grates (royal palace)room has a wierd reverb bug (royal conservatory)weapon automatically attacks without unholsteringnew sirens from wall of light, alarm, watchtower etc are too quiet and don't sound as good (should've kept the originals)arc pylon is too quiet and hard to see as compared to D1the ending & final battle was lacklusterthe outsider & the void are too different (tone & atmosphere)can only pickup/throw glass objectstoo many exposition movies - story should be presented ingame or not at allsome areas felt like Bioshock & not Dishonored, which is a bad thingPros---less funneling in the levels; at least 3-4 paths to an objective, however levels feel more linearno longer a 'teleport simulator' - player is not dependent on blink anymorecombat has been vastly improved (can't go back to the first game's combat)enemies are more dis-likablestory is betterai can see through glass nowcombat ai is more difficult and they also attempt to sneak up behind, and flank the playernew game+, custom difficulty, no powers option, tutorial were unexpected and are very good additionssome objectives/level design are very un-intuitivegame feels less consolized than the firstlevels are fresh and new; not rehashes of the first game's missionsmore options for both visuals & HUD""a good game but with politically-correct subliminal messenging""7.5/10PS: a left eye is always visible - Meagan, loading screen, crown killeris there something you want to tell us Arkane?"
,Recommended,403640,30932906,Posted: 3 April,all,Tea-Rex_TheDinoSir,"I'll admit I'm a stickler for first person stealth games. I loved the first one, and the second is even better. The maps are all so vastly different, and the story in just enthralling. 10/10 hands down my favorite game franchise."
76561198067232255,Recommended,403640,31061828,Posted: 10 April,all,Yaguars,"As you can see I'm not far in the game. I played the demo and it ran well so I decided to buy the game. This is purely performance based review.I am running:-MSI GTX 1070 Gaming X at the standard gaming mode-i5 4570 @ 3.2GHz-8gb DDR3 ramI have set all the settings to as high as possible (including with removing the auto resolution decreases to increase performance, so that the resolution stays fixed at 1920x1080 at all times)Note, framerate is capped in game at 120fps, so any readings above 120fps I was not able to record.Indoors: Min:70 Max:120fps. Average: 80Outdoors: Min:55 Max:115. Average:70On the absolute max settings, the game is using just below 7gb of vram and around 95% of my cpu and about 4gb ram. However, that is by pushing the max frames. I am planning to play with vsync on to cap out frames at 60 to not strain my cpu as much.UPDATE: After reaching the main city, the game seems to have find it more difficult to perform. I noticed frame drops as far as 40 for few moments. I have changed my graphics presets to 'auto' which has set them to 'high' instead of 'ultra'. Under these settings, I'm able to achieve constant 60fps while using just over 6gb of vram, 3gb or ram and between 70-90% of cpu.The game itself is enjoyable as you may imagine. I loved Dishonored 1 but I was holding back for this purchase until they fix the performance issues. It seems they've done something correctly.DOWNLOAD THE DEMO AND TEST YOUR PERFORMANCE. It's free after all"
,Recommended,403640,31067241,Posted: 10 April,all,Orion,"I almost avoided this game, worried it wouldn't run on my machine (i5, Gefore 960, 16GB). According to a lot of players the game is ""unplayable"", ""bugged"" and ""laggy as hell"", wth rumours that the trial is only a few scenes long, the game constantly crashes and loading takes up to 5 minutes.Fortunately the free trial appeared (which took me about 5 hours to complete) and I could see for myself. I found it ""enjoyable"", ""working fine"" and ""running acceptably well on medium - high settings"". Loading a savegame takes about 5-10 seconds.I'm playing the game stealthily and I can imagine that if you go for all out action the occasional framedrops could be annoying."
,Recommended,403640,33653614,Posted: 19 July,all,Shiro,Able to rob Black Market!!! 10/10
,Recommended,403640,33654638,Posted: 19 July,all,ForsakenLegion259 (qwest),"The silent and the loud aspect are both well made, but there are some map glitches you will encounter that will make you think what the fudge just happened for instance i used blink at one point and i instantly teleported to the 32 bit limit of distance away from the target, this can also make some fun and easy ways to travel if you find a way back into the map."
,Recommended,403640,33675687,Posted: 20 July,all,pH. mmSNAKE,"Sequel to 2012's exceptional stealth superpower first person game by Arkane Studios. When this game was released the PC port was well rocky to say the least. Plagued with optimization issues making it nearly unplayable for majority of people. I have a good rig now and I can't complain regarding any performance problems. Game ran smooth as butter with all bits and bobs turned on. I read around that people still experience framerate drops and such so certainly be careful and if your rig isn't on the high end of the spectrum.If you played Dishonored this game will feel right at home in how it plays. All mechanics and powers from the first game behave more or less the same as they did before. You still can sneak about, assassinate or go through the game without killing anyone. Anyway everything was expanded, powers, gear and what you can do. All gear has more to it, more upgrades for your weapons and gadgets, more kinds of ammunitions. All the powers are expanded, there are more types of bonecharms and so forth. In this respect the game is fantastic, regardless of how you want to play the game. You have numerous stealth, lethal and non lethal options, far more than the first game. I had a complaint in Dishonored how non lethal approach was fairly limited, well not here. Stun Mines, drop down knockouts and mid combat chokes etc. With high chaos guns blazing approach you are more powerful than ever. If you thought you were absurdly powerful in the first game you will be shocked just how far you will get here. Playing with either power sets you will feel like a god coming down upon these pathetic mortals, even on hardest difficulty.In the beginning of the game you chose to play either Corvo or Emily. Corvo's power set is the same as the first game, except it now has multiple upgrades for their functionality, like Say being able to switch hosts during possession, or doing a special blink kick, to stopping time during blink (like Daud in the DLC). Emily's set is all new, they only share the passives and void gaze, the rest of their active power sets are all different. I won't spoil all the powers since it's fun to discover them and experince their absurd power. The two characters also have slightly different final upgrades for the crossbow and pistol, but other than that and their active powers they are the same. The campaign is also identical, only thing that changes is some dialogue. On that end I find it dissapointing.So the game's 'morality' is still done the same way. Low and High chaos. Killing and getting spotted increases chaos. Doing non lethal target solutions and not being noticed keeps the chaos low. The effect of this is minimal (not counting the ending), the effect in this was more pronounced in the first game. Still this isn't a feature to shout about.  As far as playstyles between characters, both are suited for all playstyles. Though I'd say Emily has slightly more options for stealth while corvo has some powers that are mainly offensive.  Regardless I suggest picking Emily first if you want as a fresh experience as possible.Difficulty wise, this game is easy. Even on the hardest difficulty. Stealth will take a bit to get used to, since you need to get a sense how perceptive enemies are (since you get no indicators for your stealth), regardless even your basic power (blink and far reach), will make stealth a breeze if you are used to these type of games. You have an option to do a no powers run, and I may eventually do that, however that just feels like I'm throwing away most of the fun. Powers in this game are a blast.What about the story? Hmm what story? The game doesn't really have one. The story is just a bare bones skeleton that holds the game together for you to do something. Game is still divided into missions like before, with same type of objectives as in the first game. Your interactions and accomplishments aren't as relevant. In first game you interacted with many people, many of them were involved more with the story, there were recurring side characters and so forth. This game feels more like the DLCs did in the first game. That isn't bad (they were excellent), but there is no real sense of you doing much. You go take care of a person and talk to the same  one or two people on your boat. There is no 'resistance', there are no other people involved. There are no 'multiple' factions, even the gangs don't feel as interesting. The city is different and colorful. Finding different ways to traverse it and raid abandoned houses and so forth. The bloodflies however feel like a mandatory stand in for the plague, because there is one element 'missing' from the first game, and it doesn't really cut it. I said in the first game that I didn't think much of the story, and it wasn't anything to talk about, but it was far better than what you get here. I missed Samuel, Piero and Calista in comparison to your people here.Playing different character doesn't do enough with the game. The game is identical, and that is a shame. If they made slightly different campaigns it would have went a long way for it, but it is what it is.The way I see it, this game has superior mechanics, more options for gameplay. Every gameplay element in the first game is better here, more expanded and varied. Shame that the presentation, detail, and even the plot are lackin in comparison. This just feels like I bought one huge DLCs in that regard.If you had fun with the first game you will probably find this fun too. Especially if you liked high chaos. I played both non lethal ghost and high chaos murder everything in sight. I had a blast with both. For those who didn't play the first game and are looking at this, stop. Go play Dishonored first, then if you wish to have more continue onto this game. It's a fun and explosive experience. The superpower stealth formula blends seamlessly  but the dissapointing narrative, presentation and atmosphere may find you longing to how original game was done."
76561198003479161,Recommended,403640,33756402,Posted: 23 July,all,Wizard,"So I am 27 hours in and I am not sure how far in I am, but I am doing everything that game has to offer and I am doing it without a guide- so far. I think the game is fantastic and I am having no tech issues at all, except when loading a save- that is a bit lengthy.  I'm liking the story, but it's not as compelling as one would hope from this sequal.  I love the game mechanics and the choices are great for this kind of game. Overall I give it a 9/10"
,Recommended,403640,35144115,Posted: 22 September,all,PantatRebus,Prepare your F5 & F9 keys. They goin to be abused like never before.F5F9F5F9F5F9F5F9F5F9F5F9F5F9
,Recommended,403640,31265486,Posted: 20 April,all,Syntax,"Highly immersive, beautiful art style and unique mechanics with a twisted take on a post modern steam punk reality! Dishonored 2 does major justice to the franchise :) Well worth the play through!"
76561197985159091,Recommended,403640,31267688,Posted: 20 April,all,Bambi,"ABSOLUTE MASTERPIECE . The art works are the finest so far ""I have "" seen ,  out of my 200 games collection . the gameplay is perfect ., the voices are top quality ,  music is perfect .  WAS A VERY TRILLING EXPERIENCE .  For sure one of the best game i have played .   The story is amazing for a video game .  All and out a fantastic voyage .  All this is done with good taste and cleverness .  I think it is imposible doing better work then this ..  . This is the pinacle of artistry .  20 out of 10 .  Special thanks to steam to bring us the best titles in the industry ."
76561198018953177,Not Recommended,403640,31262692,Posted: 20 April,all,Phantasmagoria,"Unless you've got a night shift at NASA, this game won't run for you"
76561198031866791,Recommended,403640,31265533,Posted: 20 April,all,MATTER OF STATUTE,Great game! It is BEAUTIFUL! Did not have any problems with frame rate. But I have i5-4590 with a GTX 1070. Setting were pretty much maxed out.
,Not Recommended,403640,26542911,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,paparaven,"Great game, ♥♥♥♥♥♥ optimalisation. Dont buy yet"
,Recommended,403640,31819250,Posted: 18 May,all,Folle,"Hall of Fame.One of the best sequels to a franchise since Half-Life. Even more playstyles, nuances and content than the predecessor, but unfortunately pulled down by a poor release on PC with technical issues, resulting in sub-optimal graphical quality. Otherwise excellent and easily one of the best story-driven FPS-RPG experiences out there, both story-wise and in relation to gameplay and variety."
76561198081815871,Recommended,403640,34363089,Posted: 19 August,all,ml_goff,Not as good as the first game but still an amazing follow up. The ending was a bit underwhelming for me where as the first had me feeling satisfied when I had finished. Absolutely loved the Clockwork Mansion level.
76561198122944652,Recommended,403640,35017439,Posted: 17 September,all,HE COOKIN'!!!!!,"Did you like Dishonored? Do you want more? Then what are you waiting for? Seriously though, Dishonored 2 brings back everything you loved about the original, just more abilities, bigger maps and a longer plotline. Only complaint is optimization is awful, particularly on my poor AMD RX480. Not much you can do about it really, I've done lots of research and the conclusion is the new engine sucks major♥♥♥♥♥♥ with my framerates regularly bouncing between 100+ to sub 40 on high without much variance based on quality changes.But it's all ok. Because more Dishonored."
,Recommended,403640,26527934,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Gin,"So I've played for a little over an hour and have had 0 problems with this game so far. it runs well on my setup (GTX 1070) on 1080p ultra settings.I gotta say this game is beautiful, I'm loving every second of it. gameplay feels nice.Will update this review as I finish the game but I wanted to put out that not everyone is having problems with this release. I recommend it."
,Recommended,403640,26528072,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Ouroboros,"just be honest. in 1-2 years, you'll talk about this game as being honestly demanding in hardware. regarding its lore and gameplay, its perfect. Its just a shame they used ""void"" id tech 6 engine instead of unreal engine 4 engine, the game wasn't finished until three patches came out."
76561198312756896,Not Recommended,403640,26528370,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,mikeg,"I have a decent rig with a 6700k and 1070 gtx and even so i get a lot o stuttering, bad fps, it's just hawful. Don't make the same mistake that i did, don't pre-order! Stopped playing it a i will wait for a patch till the end of next week. If not solved, it will be a refund for unfortunately."
76561198003893556,Not Recommended,403640,26529016,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,ShaShaBinks,Game runs like garbage on my 970 even on medium settings. Dishonored 2 isn't even a game I think off haveing amazing graphics compared to other new games out now that run like butter on my system. I want to play it for the story and game play. The performance issues are inexcusable. Here's hopeing for a patch very soon... not going to play it again untill then.Save your money untill the issues are fixed.
76561198094736518,Recommended,403640,26565782,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Kurama3,Literally best single player gameplay you'll get from a stealth game on PC. It's beautiful.also check out the other dishonored games
,Recommended,403640,26527959,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,cheese on a board,"SPECS...Processor: Intel(R) Core(TM) i5-4690K CPU @ 3.50GHzGPU: GeForce GTX 1070 8gb VRAMRAM: 16gb.I'm playing on ultra settings. I have v-sync turned off and I'm getting on average like 80fps in most areas. I have no major performance drops and the game even without the updated nvidia driver runs well. People seem to forget that every pc is different and its hard for devs to tests on an almost infinite number of computer configurations.One of the few sequels where the devs didnt go ""backwards"" compared to the first game. Would reccommend this game to anyone especially if you liked the first dishonored."
,Recommended,403640,26527975,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,ditrihantelson,"Great game, not just successor of original Dishonored but a new stage in stealth action with strong storyline and well-developed world around player. Aboslute must."
76561198048517673,Not Recommended,403640,26528469,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Crimson Guard,"The game is very fun, the city is huge and there's potential for at least 3 playthroughs (corvo, emily, and no powers). The game itself is good.However, I would not recommend this game in its current state. There's some optimization issues with the port. I use a gtx 980, and that's not the point; the point is that when I switch from high setting to low setting, the frame rate doesn't change a bit, and that's now I know it's not my graphics card's problem, it's something to do with the game.Also, there are details about the game that feels rushed. They're ignorable by themselves, but when you put them all together and encounter them one by one nonstop, they do add up. For example, when you first get your powers, you could aim at the void rapidly and make your hand vibrate violently; or there's textures floating in the air on rooftops; and a lot of other stuff. Again, they're minor issues, but when they add up, especially when you add them up at 12fps (/exaggeration), you just get the feeling that the devs needed more time to refine this.Also, that drawing of Emily in the pause screen is... well... let's just say a little weird."
76561198032082792,Recommended,403640,26528621,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Toaster Maximus,"Good game so far only had time to get a few hours in, runs smooth and good FPS rates so far.The Art Style and Graphics why not what you expect are pretty solid and what fits in with the theme for the game.Worth the buy, and there is free switch between controller and kb and mouse, which is very good.Worth getting and better then I expected.Only downside is the outsiders VA is new and doesn't quite fit, but maybe I just like Billy better other then that its good and the voice takes some getting use to is all"
76561198040369825,Not Recommended,403640,26528719,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Riplasher,"Until a fix is released for the poor optimization, this will remain a thumbs down.So far though, the gameplay, story, and mechanics are all that i wanted and more."
,Recommended,403640,26529020,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Ltin,"I have had minimal framerate issues, and i am below systems requirements. It is playable for me with a few graphics card settings changes.The game is fun so far.Would recommend to any Dishonored fans without a doubt."
,Not Recommended,403640,26529224,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Frizzy,"Boy did this game mess me up. Trust me, I loved Dishonored with a passion, it was a huge shift (in a way) to what was being released at the time and offered quite a bit of variety with it's peaceful and brutal options. This game is no ddifferent, it's not that it isn't fun, to the extent I got to, I enjoyed it, but the frame drops were deathly. Now, I'm not the biggest gamer, I don't have a huge built up gaming PC, and I don't play too terribly often, but this game destroyed my computers frame rate when I would play it. I've checked through forums and requirements needded, and I reach all of those, the problem lies with it's port. I usually play on the lowest settings, providding the best possible frame rate for me, and even then it looked like I went into Fallout 4, put the game on ultra settings, spawned one hundred Albino Deathclaws, and tried to look to my left. I coukdn't deal with it after a while. I would say, wait for the game to get it's patches, if you already bought the game and you're just browsing reviews while you wait for the download, refund it, or don't play it for a while (if you don't think it will work, refund it before your 2 hour window or your 2 week limit) andd test it later. I can't reccommend this game yet, until, at least with low, not even very low, settings can provide a decent fps reliably and effectively."
76561198068255440,Not Recommended,403640,26529281,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Jedimaster6,do not reccomend buying this game because it runs very poorly.  however i'm sure if you bought it on a console it would be an absolutely amazing game.  the reason i have so many hours on it is because i forgot to turn it off when i went to sleep.
76561198172743451,Recommended,403640,26529346,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,WolfRenegade462,"The game it's self is great I personally would give it a 8/10. Also when you're going through the reviews about the horrible pc port it's more of a hit or miss chance for it to run bad I myself had it run great at all high setting and a solid 56 fps , and no i'm not disregarding that it's a bad pc port that's why I gave it an 8/10 instead of a 9/10.Hope this helps."
,Recommended,403640,26528004,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,dumb_blocks,"First of all, let me say that I loved Dishonored from its storyline, to its voice-acting, and gameplay. I was really looking forward to this game, and had it pre-ordered in order to get it early. I have played the first 2 missions multiple times with different settings and different difficulties.To address the elephant in the room, or the Outsider as it were:Many people are reporting issues and I would like to comment on some of the most common. But first, the obligatory boast of my rig:-NVIDIA GTX Titan X-32 gigs of RAM-Intel Core i7-6700K CPU @ 4.00GhzNow for the issues:- FPS Drops (Minor on my machine, but the game is installed on my SSD, I use a NVIDIA GTX Titan X so that's not really representative of the masses [wow I sound like a♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥)- Mouse Sensativity Issues (I use a logitech G502 and haven't experienced anything)- Improper Subtitles (Haven't seen this, even with subtitles enabled for all dialogue; not just main dialogue)- Poor Texture Quality (I was playing on Very-High quality [could probably run on Ultra but didnt want to test it cause most people won't be using that setting anyways], and while the textures weren't as nice as Titanfall 2 I think that's on purpose. The game world is suppose to be gritty, dirty, plague infested. the art style is not one that makes places seem welcoming, clean, and nice. But hey, that's my opinion.)- Stuttering and Micro-Stuttering (Simply non-existant for me)As for a review of the game itself, and not how it plays, I have this to say:I love it. I was worried after playing the tutorial, and seeing how the movement system was different. Boy did I eat my own words though; the game is complex and very deep (not philisophically but in terms of mechanics) and the new way of interacting with obstacles (hurdling mostly, but new slide mechanics as well) works well with powers and fighting. A massive improvemment from something like Infinite Warfare where any movement at all feels labored and drawn out, Dishonored 2 keeps the player active and in control of their character at all times.I may be commiting a sin here, but based off of my experience: this is a great game and nothing about the port is broken.Is that really fair to say though with thousands of others complaining of a shockingly poor port? No it isn't, but this is a review from my machine, by me, not anyone else."
,Not Recommended,403640,26528087,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Fratboydan,Bad
,Recommended,403640,26528505,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Doc,"Don't know what people are moaning about, I am having no lag issues on ulta settings.Seriously awesome game just like dishonoured 1.  Even if there are framerate issues for some people, once it's patched you will appreciate how awesome the story is and the awesome combat."
76561198014461505,Not Recommended,403640,26528538,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Shrike,"I have have never been so disapointed in my life I loved the first game but from the first moment it was clear that the game wasn't running properly. I got a refund, but there will have to be serious changes before I consider buying this again which is a shame because the world is beautifully realised."
,Not Recommended,403640,26528975,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Bad Blood Bear,tl;dr: poorly optimized release for an otherwise seemingly fantastic game(17/12/2016) - the game flashes black and white after loading on the start up after new patch.Unable to finish game.wait untill it works
76561198067192420,Recommended,403640,26529046,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Old Gerg,There are some perfomance issues for sure. frame rate drops from what ive seen are substantial (60 to 40 back to 60 depending on whats going on) im running an i5 6600k 32gb ram and an asus strix 1060 6gb oc edition and on ultra i have fps drops. when i set it to auto and the game adjusts the settings it still looks great and i dont have fps issues
76561198013744419,Not Recommended,403640,26529203,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Sgt. Shooter Person,"BROKEN PC PORT, DO NOT BUY, WAIT FOR PATCHES."
76561198126772050,Not Recommended,403640,26528432,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,iPUPPYPUNCHER,"7-30 FPS in open city enviornment on high settings.I really wanted to love this game.. But as it stands now i would not reccomend for purchase, atleast until it is optomized correctly.i7 6700gtx 108016g RAM"
76561198316269554,Not Recommended,403640,26528964,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,ALevel40WanderingMerchant,"Don't purchase this game right now. It's a really ♥♥♥♥♥♥ port, i have a 970 and even on LOW i average 30-40 fps. Other people with big boy stuff like 980's and 1080's even get crap framerate, as of right now, DO NOT purchase this game. wait for this whole framerate issue to fix. Other then that the game is really good, gameplay, stealth, lots of creative ways to play, which is one of the best features of dishonored, you can do everything in a creative way. But yeah, don't get this game right now."
76561198025934420,Recommended,403640,30953316,Posted: 4 April,all,whiteapino,"I know that there are negative reviews about fps.  Thankfully I have not had any issues with fps since i bought the game soon after it came out.  It is like the original with new features.  Definitely worth trying out if you loved the original.  If it doesnt work for your pc, you can always refund it through steam.  Fun game!"
,Recommended,403640,26527775,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,✪ MOJO JOJO,"The game runs perfectly fine on my 970 and ancient i5 4670k. I'm running max graphics and I average 82fps. It does occasionally dip into the mid 60's but this happens rarely and usually only when entering a new area for the first time. The graphics are absolutely fantastic, some of the best I’ve ever seen. I have not been disappointed at all. This game has improved on every single problem I had with the first game, and I was having to nit-pick the first game because Dishonored 1 is legendary.There is SO much variety in how you can play this time, giving you a little graph after each mission to let you see what your playstyle is like. There are far more ways you can be non-lethal now, which was one of Dishonored 1’s biggest complaints.I'm reading that a lot of people are having performance issues but I can only describe what I'm experiencing; a f**king amazing game. If you're getting low fps, I suggest you open the game, tab out and go into you task manager, find the processes tab, find Dishonored 2.exe and set it to 'high priority', It defaults at 'low'. I was able to change my fps average from mid 60's to low 80's, which is a significant frame increase.If you're worried about performance, wait till they release some patches and I Imagine by Christmas, they'll have everything ironed out.I have had the biggest grin on my stupid face for the entire time I’ve been playing it. (Only 12 hours at the time of writing this). The stealth mechanics have been massively improved and it's a lot more challenging because of it (Good!). The combat has also been improved as well as movement in general. Emily's powers are new and interesting (I'm in love with the 'Domino' power).This game expands the lore in the best way possible and I am so happy Arkane didn't f**k it up. Everyone's negative reviews seem to come from the 'performance issue', but like I said, I'm a great experience; even considering my ancient hardware. My 970 is the newest thing in the machine and that's at just over 2 years old!If you don't want to take a chance with the potential performance, leave it for a while because I promise that the game itself will not disappoint you. This is honestly looking to be my new favourite game; beating dishonored 1."
76561198090277705,Not Recommended,403640,26528876,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,ssmard,"The performance of this game is absolutely horrible. The graphics are no better than of that from the first game and yet when I run everything on ""very low"" I still lag from whenever I move the mouse in a certain direction. I don't understand why the devs had set such high performance requirements for this game, considering it's no better than the first game. If you're using a typical pc that isn't specifically designed for gaming then don't buy this game. Your computer won't be able to handle it."
76561198311352469,Not Recommended,403640,26760952,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,2544374757,没声音
,Not Recommended,403640,26533325,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Nice beard m8,"This game has the worst case of microstutter I've seen for any game ever. With this game, it will either lag or not lag depending on some ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t the game decides about any rig. HIghest end computers stutter and can't maintain 30 fps,On the other side, low-mid end computers run ultra settings at no stutter + constant 60 fps. This game literally decides your performance + mouse smoothness on a ♥♥♥♥ing dice roll. At this point (9 months after the game has released), you can safely assume it will never be fixed and needs to be brute-forced with newer hardware in the future.TL;DR: Your performance and smoothness (of everything) is random. This game will probably never be fixed... :(EDIT: Forgot to include examples, for extra credibility if I ever needed it. On my rig + many others (friends + a few youtubers), the frame timings are so♥♥♥♥♥♥that 60 fps is identical to 30, 30 is identical to 15, etc. The only area that does NOT stutter (as much) is the very first area and it is an incredibly small area that transitions into the port of Dunwall which completely destroys your framerate if the first area or tutorial didn't do it already."
76561198008591880,Not Recommended,403640,28741120,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,robert3353,"Well I took a chance and purchased Dishonored 2 a few hours ago and was now finally able to play the game.  Well I tried to play the game but you see the damn thing just will not launch!  I have a very good gaming PC made up of the following components:MSI Gaming Z170I Gaming Pro AC Mini ITX Intel MotherboardG.SKILL TridentZ Series 32GB DDR4 3000 (PC 24000) memoryIntel i7 Intel Core i7-6700K Skylake Quad-Core processorEVGA GeForce GTX 1080 Founders Edition, 08G-P4-6180-KR, 8GB GDDR5X, LED, DX12 OSD Support (PXOC) GPU.My PC  OS 's  Windows 10 Pro 64 bit and the Steam OS and I am running the latest Nvidia GeForce drivers.When trying to launch Dishonored 2 my monitor flickers from black to a light but not white and flickers every 3-5 secondsThe game never launches and I am forced to launch Windows task manager to kill the process.  Before killing the process the game is consuming between 20 to 30% of my CPU and several gigs of my avaliable 32 GBs of Ram memory.  In my attempts to get this sorry game running I was forced to do a hard shut down using my PC's reset button.I really liked the orginal Dishonored game and had been looking forward to the release of Dishonored 2.  Unfortunately it is painfully obvious that this game is BROKEN!  and will not even launch!  Dishonored 2 have brought great dishonor to Arkane Studios as well as the publisher Bethesda Softworks.  I will be removing the game files from my system and requesting a refund for the purchase of this game.MY recomendation is a DO NOT BUY!!!!  BECAUSE EVEN AFTER THE LATEST ATTEMPTS TO FIX THE GAME IT IS STILL BROKEN!This is an update:  I submitted a refund request shortly after installing the game in the early hours of Dec. 28th and was surprised to find an email from Steam a few hours later informing me that my refund had been approved, and then a few minutes later I received an email from PayPal telling me that Valve had just issued a refund.  10 STARS for Steam and 0 Stars for Bethesda."
76561197974339072,Recommended,403640,28895436,Posted: 1 January,all,branb32,Awesome game! Ran smooth. Great graphics. Loved the numerous ways to get around each area. Many ways to dispatch enemy's. Very fun overall.
,Recommended,403640,26535537,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Acharenus,"Finished...it was good. The amaris stilton manor elevated it's overall score. The performance and the in my view very brief length dramatically lowered it. I really liked the alternative methods of dealing with each target...a lot of fun and sometimes really unexpected turns.The complete re-tread of a story, which isn't a spoiler if you've played the first 5 minutes was incredibly disappointing.I don't know, I enjoyed it but I walk away disappointed. The outsider doesn't sound nearly as good as he did in the first...either a completely different actor or from the sounds of it ridiculous audio effects added to what was a really cool voice and character.Blarg...I wanted this to be so much better then it was, I definitely preferred the first one I think I got the best ending, one I'm certainly happy with but even it was disappointing in it's presentation. The first had this really epic music swelling with cool camera shots and the better voiced outsider narrating...this just felt like a flat list of events read to me.The performance isn't un-playable...but it is bad.Overall this is a very tentative reccomendation for those who love this universe and all it's lore. Anyone else who isn't a diehard fan...I really reccomend the first."
76561198139373101,Not Recommended,403640,26509807,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Rohit Tulsyan,"Dishonored 2 is a good game which perfectly delivers to be the sequel to Dishonored 1. Gameplay is good as we have option to play with Emily or her Dad. We can take stealth approach or assult or mix of both. Totally stealth play would be very difficult as the Game has very Good AI. I prefer to play with both approches which totally depends upon the situation.Gameplay and story wise game is totally worth playing and buying but if you have lower to mid end graphics card if would you can wait for the patch to come as game is totally♥♥♥♥♥♥performing.Unplayable on GTX 750TI, Stuttering AND unstable at 30FPS on GTX 970. GPU Usage is full on all settings and still you will get 30 to 40 fps. its a very poor port and not at all optimized.If you want more proof and details check out these videos.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f1rPqHC5phghttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0rATVXj74WIhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DceLDpPHZnohttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8XrTvMGBPYshttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sczk9GCm1F4https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OOuwt4PGBsQ"
76561198021845535,Recommended,403640,28003757,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Mil The Windmill,"Yes I will admit i had some technical issues here and there, I managed to fix/mediate the problems after a lot of graphical adjusting so that can be quite a deterrent for most people without a high end PCI hope they manage to fix it enough because this game honestly deserves betterits a great game!It takes what we loved about Dishonored and does more with it, the guards are much smarter and trickier to avoid and there are several pathways and means of killing/incapacitating your targets.Story can be a bit weak here and there but I think its solid enough along with great gameplay and vast varying and interesting environments. If you can get past the technical issues i whole heartedly recommend Dishonored 2An 8/10"
76561197999632136,Not Recommended,403640,26513796,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Shoe55,This game runs like hot garbage on PC
76561197970841630,Not Recommended,403640,28568846,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Mikko,"Do not buy this game until it is fixed! I had a problem with blackscreens etc and i own a bought version of windows... Those ""Fix helps didn't help a♥♥♥♥♥♥quot;  i already have themI can't even start the game.. loading screen and then blackscreeen.."
,Recommended,403640,28657663,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Chineesus Clist,"Underneath the severe performance issues is a great sequel to dishonored one. The great artstyle, level design and stealth gameplay has returned but it has been tweaked and improved. Its a shame about the performance issues as this would've have easily taken my GOTY spot if it hadn't had them. I highly recommend buying this if you are ok with fiddling with the settings to get the game playable, if not hold out on the purchase."
76561198027484569,Not Recommended,403640,28518558,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Buba Lee Roy Smith T. Jones III,"*Crash Simulator*I have played 15 hours now and of that I've spent at least 25% of the time re-starting the game because of a f^&%^* CRASH AGAIN!!!!!!My computer should handle this just fine. I've searched ""how to fix Dishonord 2 crashed pc"" on Googe and nothing has helped. Done all the recomended that I needed to do. My $hits up to date always anyway.On average I get to play 5 to 15 minutes and ""NO MORE!"" before another f'ing CRASH!Developers FIX THIS♥♥♥♥♥♥!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!My specs. I'm sure they are at least as good or better than th developers computer..Windows 10Monitor ASUS PG278Q ROG Swift 27-Inch,Samsung SyncMaster TA950 (FOR 3d gaming), and a crummy Asus 27"" SonicMaster for cc SECURITY.Motherboard Asrock Z97 Extreme6Processor I7-4790K (BX80646I74790K)Memory Corsair Vengeance Pro Series 16GB (CMY16GX3M2A2400C11A)Graphics Cards Sli 2-Way GTX 980 SC ACX 2.0Storage Kingston Digital 240GB SSD OS (SV300S37A/240G)Storage 4 x Seagate 2TB SSHD RAID 0+1 Storage (ST2000DX001)Storage backup 4 x 2TB SSHD RAID 5 (ST2000DX001)Storage 2nd backup 2TB HDDCPU Cooler Zalman Computer Noise Prevention System (CNPS9500AT)Case Rosewill Gaming ATX Full Tower THRONE-WTwo NZXT SENTRY 2 fan controllers (for the twelve fans)Power Supply Enermax MODU87+ 900 WKeyboard Cyborg V.7Mouse Cyborg RAT 7Headset SennheiserLogitech Surround Sound Speaker System Z906Mediasonic HFR2-SU3S2 PRORAIDSave your money! Don't throw it down this CRAPPER!!!!!!!!"
,Not Recommended,403640,26514597,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Pauly C in Mourning,AMD R9 28016 GB of RAMi5 4670k20 fps on lowrefunding right now
,Recommended,403640,33883427,Posted: 29 July,all,Fenrir37,"A good 15-25 hours game with a potential to another playthrough. Stealth isnt as amusing as assasination or full assault, but thats expected. Not sure why everyone call this game a failer, just poor choice of releasing time.8/10"
,Recommended,403640,34796787,Posted: 7 September,all,Eyelander,"Great story, amazing♥♥♥♥♥levels, and great characters. 9/10"
76561198003314994,Not Recommended,403640,34801117,Posted: 7 September,all,Panda Eyes,"I bought an GTX 1080 no long ago thinking I probably won't run into any performance problem, I was so wrong. Not only the game crash randomly when I first start playing it, I can't run the game at a constant 60 fps at very high setting. The gpu usage never go over 60%, they should really fix their void engine.If you are still interested, running the game at window 7 competibility mode seems to stop it from crashing, but it will seriously limit your performance (GPU usage can't get pass 40% for me). There are many people who didn't run into any performance problems, so good luck."
,Not Recommended,403640,28236703,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Esenyn,I really really want to like this game. The first one was perfect in all the aspects. But that optimisation... Thank god steam has refund option. I hope refund popularity will be a good motivation for publishers to give devs more time to optimise the game before release. Meanwhile i'll spend my money on something worthy. Maybe some time later i'll give it a try again.
76561197970515935,Not Recommended,403640,31048559,Posted: 9 April,all,UserError,"Do not buy this game (or be seduced by the half price offer).  Thought I would be ok with a relatively new/high end PC build but nope.This game is a nightmare.  Initially wouldn't start but updated my drivers, etc. and managed to get it working.  But then virtually every interaction causes the game to crash!  Play the tutorial?  Nope, crash.  Load a save?  Nope, crash.  Change settings?  Nope, crashVery frustrating!"
76561198107493358,Recommended,403640,28745098,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Kindunos,AWESOME GAME
76561198055162766,Not Recommended,403640,28414183,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,StevenWings,"Dear reader,I'll have to agree with all the other reviews tha the game, as it is, is not worth your time or money. I cannot even imagine how bad of a condition the game was in before the newest patch but right now it is in dire straits. I've placed the game on the lowest possible settings and am still getting an extremely unstable framerate (between 30 and 60) -  It's obnoxious... Wait for the next big patch before you buy - They should have simply delayed the release for PC as the current state of the game is playable but extremely unsatisfactory..."
76561198040704015,Recommended,403640,34949927,Posted: 14 September,all,Skrum 𝘋𝘦𝘭𝘶𝘹𝘦,Is good game for ratboys The Sequel™
,Recommended,403640,34946466,Posted: 14 September,all,Kradingmaew #Dab,i love dishonored series
,Recommended,403640,28705459,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Kaz,"You didn't disappoint, Dishonored 2. You didn't disappoint..."
76561198101160174,Recommended,403640,31114468,Posted: 13 April,all,[TME] Gibberdyflibbert,"I have 120 hours on the original dishonored game, so I was expecting a lot from this. Can't say I was disappointed. People have complained about the optimisation; yes, it's not that good. I run it on low graphics with an NVIDIA GeForce GTX 950M, and an i7 4720HQ 2.6GHz (not the best specs, I know) and I get mid-to-low FPS. Low in environments where there's a lot to render. But on lowest graphics, it still looks beautiful.A lot of people have also compalined about the story. What do you expect from the sequel to a REVENGE story? It's gonna be about revenge! And I agreed with them, to some extent, on my first playthrough. On my second playthrough, however, I realised that the story actually made a realtive amount of sense.The characters are very well-made. Very fortunately, Bethesda didn't try to re-create the loyalist characters. They re-introduced some old friends from Dunwall, and both protagonists and antagonists were very well-developed. Plus, the Duke is voiced by Vincent Donofrio!Gameplay is up to scratch. The developers have expanded on the mechanics of Dishonored very well, with the same brilliant, challenging combat system and a new upgrading system for super-natural powers. There's the same apect of do-it-yourself as in the first game, with soooo many different ways to go about your goals. Low Chaos/Ghost is so difficult you will want to tear your hair out, so be warned, and medium difficulty is the same as hard difficulty on the first game.Dialogue is good, but conversation between guards could be better. Most of the dialogue is the gueards talking to themselves, and not conversing with each other. I miss Whiskey and Cigars :(The outsider is, well, not as good as in the first game; he's too jolly and energetic, as opposed to the sinister, dark figure from the first game. He's also just a bit too.. human-like, which is bad, because he is, essentially, a god.I was a bit disappointed with the final bossfight, because it was just a downgraded version of the fight in The Brigmore Witches DLC between Daud and Delilah Copperspoon, and the villain had no death animation (WTF even the city watch guards had death animations!).Corvo has a very good voice (the same voice actor as Clavicus Vile, from Skyrim) and is well-refined as a character from his mute younger self in the first game. I found his past very interesting as well, and I'm gald that it was revealed in this game. Emily is a well-developed character and shares many of the same aspects as her child self in the first game.Overall, it's an amazing game and an amazing Dishonored game, but I think you should probably wait for a sale (I got it on 50% off) because I think £40 for this game is a tad excessive."
76561198235101888,Recommended,403640,28903817,Posted: 1 January,all,rotting332flesh,very good game very fun to play graphics are pretty incredible good story line only issue i had with the game was it blacks out the screen sometimes which i just go to task manager and back into the game but with out the whold blacking out screen this is one of the best games i have played
76561198024466433,Recommended,403640,31104834,Posted: 12 April,all,Deluminate,"I've seen a lot of reviews with people running high power machines having serious performance issues which put me off buying until they released the demo version which my pc ran without an issue. I'm running FX6300 B.E, R9 290x and 16GB ram and it runs absoloutley fine for me so long as i have it on the right settings, Story has been awesome so far too :D"
76561198035182410,Recommended,403640,31117314,Posted: 13 April,all,Metzelmax,"Ok, so here is what you should do for buying Dishonored 2:1) If you didn't play Dishonored 1, play that one instead because you'll need the story and it has better performance.2) You should buy Dishonored 2 at a Discount.3) Try diffrent graphic settings to see what works, even if you are used to playing High-end graphics.4) Play exactly 1 hour and see how it performes and if you are ok with this for an entire playthrough5) If the performance is unacceptable, refund the game.This is the best workaround for the perfomance issues with DH2. Since every PC is different you cant say on what system it will work well and where not. Mine for example only Minimum System requirements and can play the game on lowest settings without problems. There are also Playthroughs out there without any sign of a single stutter. So you'll have to see for yourself.Everything else visuals, gameplay, story, sound etc is as good or even better as Dishonored 1."
,Not Recommended,403640,30986320,Posted: 6 April,all,Paradox,"Poorly optimised, don't buy. I have a rig that can run Battlefield 1, Fallout 4, etc. Waste of money. Been months and still not fixed"
76561198087385789,Not Recommended,403640,35046898,Posted: 18 September,all,magical_octopus,"Not recommending any Bethesda games anymore, nor buying them.  Quite sometime after release this game still has many awful glitches that a first year computer science student would get an F for.  The borderless window setting glitch is something many are still experiencing and is a basic flaw that should have been fixed a month after release, or ideally prior to releasing the game.Bethesda always hide behind the fact that their games are large and so complicated, claiming there is no way to avoid having so many issues.  Well this game is fairly linear and short and still full of glaring bugs, etc.  Plenty of other devs make large, non-linear games that are not full of literally hundreds of glitches and coding errors.This shoddy workmanship and lack of commitment to quality work has been the case with several other recent Bethesda releases which I shall review separately.  Greed is the cause of all this, they could take more time, not rush releases and do real quality assurance rather than relying on the loyal community to do the qa work for free through early release bug reporting.Fed up of it, loyal fan no more... based on the money I have spent in previous years, Bethesda gonna loose $200 plus per yr in revenue from me..."
76561198007815153,Recommended,403640,26621395,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Zerafian,"Rolled the dice and bought this game today.Low and Behold, Im not having any issue with the gameplay once so ever. Im running 3440x1440 on a 980ti. I will say Im playing the settings safe though. I have 50/50 high and very high and playing with the settings as I go. The game still looks great, pretty much a ""darker"" version of ""Bioshock Infinite"". Going off the frame rate, I dont drop below 45-50fps. Im not entirely sure I should blame arkane/bathesda for me having to use the graphic settings. companies quite often try to push the newest hardware to the max, so slapping everything to max  settings would be idiotic on my part.I would personally recommend the game even after only 1-2 hours of game play. Controls work really well, aside from the block/melee control being in an awkward spot but thats a simple enough fix.::::UPDATE:::: Iv had another 90 minutes of play to get through the first zone. After having some more time to dig into the game and let my system check out all the environmental situations, I can say there is some odd chugging during game play. When Im inside a building or room, fighting people, and other random situations it feels like Im running at 15-20 fps but the FPS reader keeps me easily at 40+...so theres at. Its something that I dont really dont consider a reason not to play but its a little irritating since it shouldnt be happening.Also, Geforce experience has updated and put the suggested settings for the game. It actually bumped everything up which is cause for a bit for questioning since my lower settings were still getting the small errors during game play.Im enjoying the game and the small performance issues arent keeping me form playing but Iam interested to see if this update/patch that happens will clean up it."
,Recommended,403640,26627346,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Razeam,I've never seen a game with such consistently excellent level design! It's also in a class of its own with the staggering amount of options the player has to handle obstacles. An improvement on the original since it has more nonlethal abilities and no weak missions.
,Recommended,403640,26574578,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,deborah,"The game has a lot of the look, feel, and gameplay as the original. It carries on the plot from Dishonored DLC. Fresh approaches to level challenges and new character capabilities keep things interesting. And, of course, there's tons of gorgeous, gorgeous scenery and artwork. It feels as comfortable as a glove. I am pretty happy with this sequel.It's currently the third day since the early launch (yes, I preordered), and I've put in over 35 hours playing so far. The performance is just fine on i7-5820K, GTX 980 Ti, 32GB RAM running all settings on Ultra and HBAO+ at 2560x1440. Game runs relatively smoothly at 45 to 80+ FPS, generally hovering around 55 to 60 FPS. No crashes. No problems launching. A few minor glitches on occasion, but nothing that detracts from gameplay.Update: Following patch 1.2, performance is even better, gaining at least 10FPS to get a solid 60 to 90+ FPS with rare drops to 50 outdoors, big views near the ocean."
,Recommended,403640,26575337,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,ERROR:  Invalid Target,"I've personally haven't had issues with performance (GeForce 1070, i7 4770k).  That seems like the main thing causing bad reviews here.  That's a shame, because otherwise this is a fanastic successor to the original.  Exactly what I wanted as a fan of the original."
,Recommended,403640,26606833,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Ajmage,"I hate to be that guy, ""it was fine for me""... but i was able to play the full game, twice. On the last day I did start getting some random crashing to desktop with no errors, I suspect my last windows update may have caused this.Anyways the game is exactly what I wanted it to be after playing the original. Like a newer, better, version of the same.There is a whole lot of optional/missable story bits in the form of notes, audio logs, and side objectives and these seem to be more catered toward low chaos stealth gameplay.My second playthrough was high chaos killing everyone on hard mode, the combat is fun, but easy. The game is relatively short when you aren't slowly sneaking around and exploring.Emily's powers are fun but I don't think she fits as well into the story as Corvo does.All in all, great game. I recommend it if you like the original, or stealth games in general."
,Recommended,403640,26566547,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,NO FKRZ HERE,"Okay, so I just finished the game. Here are my thoughts:Pros:-Very good story line (if you played the first game).-Fun and engaging characters and abilities.-Gorgeous art-style (look a lot like the original game).-Keeps the feeling of the original Dishonored, but got a welcomed twist with the new character Emily.-Multiple ways of getting objectives.Cons:-I experienced a couple of audio bugs and some bugs, specifically with Emily's ability ""Far Reach"", when it sometimes just simply wouldn't get you to your desired destination (Elevator shaft, I'm looking at you!).-Quite a few FPS drops, that really shouldn't happen, since I've got a preeeeeeeetty good PC...Conclusion:When it comes down to it, I think that Dishonored 2 is an extremely good game, but we shouldn't just overlook the very bad port, cuz there are A LOT of FPS drops, and the game simply just doesn't run very well on PC. I would still buy it though, and at no point did I regret buying this masterpiece of a game. If you don't have an extremely good PC, I suggest that you just wait till they have patched the horrible port out, and you'll stand with an (almost) perfect game.Game rating: 9.5/10Port rating: 2/10NO FKRZ RATING: 0/0"
76561198063568802,Recommended,403640,26621205,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,The Dead Pixel,"I guess I should start by stating that i do have a fairly good pc which means that I have had no problems running or playing the game at max settings.After a complete playthrough I have enjoyed this game tremendously and intend to complete a few more runs. The gameplay is fun and interesting with all the different ways you can play, the art style is beautiful and the graphics are good. Some of the level design in this game is the most interesting and fun I have seen in a long time.In Fact I only see one flaw in the game and that is the story is average and a bit predictable. Other then that though it is in my opinion, one of the best single player experience in the last 2 years or so."
,Recommended,403640,26664704,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Awpenheimer,What a spicy meme
76561198101352874,Recommended,403640,26681626,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,tenthousand,"This game is so frikkin radical, the bad reviews for performance... yeah, it'd be nice if they got that right on day 1.  But they didn't.  They are working hard on patching, and the new beta patch helps in my situation.  For story and gameplay, I haven't played a game this awesome since... dishonored 1.  Which I love."
,Not Recommended,403640,32758371,Posted: 24 June,all,Laura♥,"Fallout 4 max settings and modded: 60 fpsDOOM 2016 at max settings: 60 fps, sometimes hangs when rendering large areas but it doesn't affect gameplay too drasticly.Dishonored 2: lowest settings, looks like crap, runs at 30 frames for some areas, drops to 5 for others.please buy me a better PC"
,Not Recommended,403640,33210128,Posted: 3 July,all,negus maximus,"Yes, it's true, the game runs terribly. The Outsider is different, in a bad way. I liked the first game more."
76561198061720121,Not Recommended,403640,26524768,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,hujoppi11,Story is good port is bad.Should I refund? Now is the last chance.
76561197968741718,Not Recommended,403640,26539663,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Lolzibar,"Ugh 60 mins of lag like i didnt even play. Patch this♥♥♥♥♥♥FFS and test ur games on different rigs before u release them hahahaha.  I never returned a single game, if they dont push out 970 patch out within a week im returning this game its unplayable."
76561197991990847,Recommended,403640,28135587,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Vazura,"A game that surpasses the original while staying true to the formula. One of my favorite stealth games ever, and it's a better Thief game then that new one.It must be said that this is a bit of a bad port, but since it's release it's been patched like crazy and will likely continue to be as time goes on. Still, if you don't at least meet the recommended system requirments, I would say wait for further patches, perhaps pick this up in a month or so. Still, technical issues aside, 10/10 would play again!"
,Not Recommended,403640,26532653,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Top Secret Weapon,"♥♥♥♥♥♥ optimization that everyone is suffering from? Devs knew about it, pushed it out for release without fixing it. No thanks. Care about the PC playerbase next time."
76561197996666277,Recommended,403640,26581682,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Imma-Bella,"Early impressions (only on Mission 4 so far).Dishonored 2 is everything I'd hoped for. It keeps to the original formula and builds on it, big time.What I love:The Dishonored world is stunningly drawn with such attention to detail, it is impossible not to become totally immersed.There a so many options, ways and means to achieve your goals. Whatever suits your playstyle, there WILL be an option for you. Can't get there this way, that's fine because there are a dozen alternatives.As always, excellent storyline - can't wait to see what's next.Brilliant characterisation - every character is obviously carefully considered.Replayability - as a different protagonist, in a different style, good for several playthroughs.Arkane already ranked high my estimation after Arx Fatalis, and Bethesda have a good eye for what works. Both have delivered again in my opinion.This lady is a very happy bunny who sincerely wishes she had some holiday days left to take from work so I can spend more time playing D2.Update 23/08/2017:Well, several playthroughs later, only 3 Achievements left to get, and pre-purchased the DLC - says it all really. This game just keeps on giving; still finding new corners with hidden loot, small changes due to different actions, little nuances I’d not noticed before, little jokes I’d missed because I’d not stopped to listen to the dialogues.My only critisms:When we pick up a body to hide it, the weapons remain behind – if I hid a body I’d not leave the sword on the ground for all to see.When activating a Power our weapon is automatically drawn – just aesthetically, I’d prefer not to run around with my sword out all the time.Repetition of dialogue “Shall we meet for Brandy and Cigars tonight?” Those guys need to vary their social activities :PI learned to enjoy High Chaos :P"
,Recommended,403640,26606965,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Wolf_Smith,"Okay. First off my system specs can be found on my profileSecond: I am going to wait, the port is horried...Battlefield 1 ran better! A EA/DICE GAME RAN BETTER!"
,Recommended,403640,26680210,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Anthony,"Firstly, I would like to start off by saying that I was one of the seemingly few people that didn't have too many performance issues. That being said, I will be reviewing this game based on MY experiences only.So first off, lets address the performance issues. For me, The performance was ok until I hit the main city, but after searching a bit, I found a fix for NVidia users to basically disable Nvidia's unoptimized turd known as Ansel. This boosted my performance massively by 30-40 more fps. For a while, the Mouse Input was absolutely horrible, however with the new beta patch, it has been pretty normal. Arkane should be putting out a performance patch in the coming weeks, as well as adding New Game+ and other features. That's pretty much it for the performance side, runs pretty well for me on the following specs:i7 6700k16 GB DDR4 RAMEVGA GTX 1080 FTW(Using 1080p monitor, so I can't speak for performance on 1440p)Alright, now for the actual game. The short answer is: this game is a ♥♥♥♥ing masterpiece. The story, in my opinion, was fantastic. I feel that this was one of the few games that lived up to its predecesor. Couple the story with amazing level design, and you have yourself a fantastic game. Not only is the game good, it also looks like a painting. The art design team really out did themselves, and how Dishonored 2 wasn't nominated for GOTY in Art Design is beyond me. Similarly to the first game, Dishonored 2 has insane replayability value. Since you can play as both Emily and Corvo, you essentially get 2 playthroughs (thats not including low chaos, high chaos, no kill, etc playthroughs). If I recall, Polygon complained that Dishonored 2 had horrible voice acting. In my opinion, the voice acting was nowhere near horrible. Infact, I rather enjoyed the majority of it. It's nice that Corvo finally has a voice actor so you are no longer a silent protagonist, even if Corvo says some pretty obvious♥♥♥♥♥♥sometimes. Another thing that really stood out to me in Dishonred 2 was the combat. Somehow they managed to make Dishonored's combat even better. The gore is also 10x better than the first game. Skillwise, Corvo's skills are identical to the original game's skills, with some new upgrades. I cannot speak to Emily's skills as I have not done a playthrough with her yet.Overall, I feel that Arkane did a really good job on this game, but was ♥♥♥♥ed over by Bethesda pushing for their release date. Quite a shame that the game had to suffer a terrible launch because of an overzealous publisher."
,Recommended,403640,26753048,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Diogenes,"-30 hours in-1st playthrough Emily Low C+Flesh and Steel because I'm a bad man and I deserve it.-2nd playthrough Emily High C-3rd playthrough Corvo High COptimization troubles have obscured what is otherwise a great game. It ran well on my half-a-year old Dell XPS, but I recognize many others aren't so fortunate. When I preordered D2 I was expecting a game perhaps 80% the quality of D1 because I considered the original to be matchless. My expectations were exceeded, and while the original remains the best, this was a solid continuation rather than a mere imitation. Playing as Emily is a real treat. Swordplay is more animated and violent than D1. Maps seem more complex as far as Blink/Far Reach-able surfaces and rooms to explore. Clockwork Mansion is a benchmark in map design. The timepiece mechanic in Stilton's Manor was AWESOME (inspired by the film 'Dejavu' with Denzel Washington, I wonder?) And all the old characters return with purpose and High/Low Chaos nuance, excepting one who has passed away in the interim.Optimization and making good on some universal fan demands like...-NG+ (A built-in option for unlimited manna on NG+ would also be ♥♥♥♥♥♥ic)-Chapter/level selection like in D1-Bringing back D1 sword blocking (occurs instantly rather than being delayed)...will undoubtedly change Steam reviews from ""Mixed"" to ""Overwhelmingly Positive.""My idiosyncratic nitpicks:-Dubious originality of the Deliliah bone statue thingy. Let's be real, it's a horcrux.-That button for exiting the seance room. Boy did that throw me, and I'm not the only one. I know it was RIGHT THERE, but still, the game hadn't acclimated me to expecting a wooden door would ever require a button press.-Guard dialogue was sparse on reference to whiskey and cigars.So, while it's easy to criticize, I just wanted to give major props to the creators of this piece of art. It's a real achievement. I hope they're proud and don't let the complaints get them down. It's good right now and with a little TLC it'll be great.P.S. If you're going High Chaos, mercy-kill Sokolov at the end. It's way better than seeing his ending if you let him live. If I wasn't soulless I would have wept."
76561198064796509,Not Recommended,403640,28061608,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,To Be. not To Be,This game performance so badly.No Man Sky's performance better than this game.
76561197993728720,Recommended,403640,26574728,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Azgarod,"A review I posted in the forums that I feel may go well herePros1. Awesome powers. The powers are for the most part a blast to work with. They are smooth and unique.2. Pretty. The game updates the visuals of the first without straying too far from the first game to make it completely different.3. Interesting gameplay mechanics. There was some things that were unexpected and unique enough to be interesting.4. Two playable characters. Having two playable characters was a nice bonus especially since their powers are both very different, but similar enough to allow for cross playstyles.5. Lore. The lore and books were interesting to read and provided a distraction.6. Sprawling levels. The levels were vast and open enough to provide multiple points of completion, but not so large that they were daunting.Cons1. Broken powers. Remember the ""for the most part"" part? well some powers were convoluted such as the teleport for emily. It often gets stuck on nothing or outright changes on you with a minor twitch in your mouse. The powers in part 1 were much more smooth and made you feel like you were in comand of something great rather than fighting to get it right.2. Too pretty. In an effort to, I assume, make the game more realistic, They removed some of the helpful features that made the game less of a task, such as distance highlighting of useful and valuable objects. By removing this feature unless you are up close, it makes the game tedious if you want to collect as much as you can because you get no visual clues to guide you thus making you have to scour every inch of the map.3. Confusing gameplay mechanics. As referenced above in the spoilers those same unique mechanics are also quite confusing and tedious especially if you mess up along the way forcing you to backtrack quite a lot.*This doesnt really fit under a specific category so I'll add it here, In part one you feel like a bad ♥♥♥, you can spend an adequate amount of time studying an enemy and get through fairly safely and quietly, I dont know exactly why it so much harder to do the same in part two but things are vastly harder. The game also suffers from a very annoying problem, You'll go through the mission doing awesome, knocking everyone out safely storing them and then get to the end to find out you killed 3 or 4 people somehow. If you do not directly kill someone, it shouldnt count against you.*4. Two playable characters, Same dialogue. If you're going to go through the effort of having two playable characters, Having vastly different dialogue and gameplay would have been a touch that showed you really gave a damn about storytelling instead of pushing a product.5. Lore. The lore and the interestingness of part two pales in comparison to part one. In part one you are shocked to learn some of the things you learn about the world and it's truly interesting. The world actually changes technologically as you play. In part two, there is very little that changes as you go through, the lore is stagnant and while distracting, ultimately pointless. In regards to morgan6. Sprawling levels. With the levels as big and open as they are, it is very easy to miss so much even if you are trying to be a completionist. For instance, On my first playthrough I spent 5 hours on a chapter and I was very confident I did everything there was possible to do. At the end, with my confidence that I would have most if not all of the money as well as all the runes, bonecharms etc, I was shocked to learn I had collected just over half of the cash and missed 2/4 blueprints and 2 bonecharms even though the heart showed none left. That shows poor level design if someone could, due to a bad mechanic, spend so much time exploring and still miss so much.All in all, If I rated part 1 and 10/10, I would rate dishonored 2 a 6.5/10.It's a good game, it's funish, but compared to part 1, it's lacking in nearly every aspect. Simple fixes would bring the score up to an 8/10, but there would have to be major story and lore overhauls as well as more defined clues to guide to special loot to get back to the 10/10 status.Overall, good job. It was worth the $60, but I wish it was more of a true successor to Dishonored."
,Not Recommended,403640,26751095,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Lazy Man Raj,sadface
,Recommended,403640,26565117,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,[MM]ManS_laughter[UK],"Let me make something clear - the game runs badly even on my overpowered system - but these reviews which give negative marks aren't all going to be fixed once the game gets patched. It's disappointing that they didn't work harder to fix it before launch but let's focus on something that will last.The game itself is everything that was good about the original game with even more complexity and freedom. This game is the sequel to Thief that we always wanted, it's essentially a Hitman substitute and one of the few FPS games (along with the original) which is worth playing and replaying.Steam really needs to include a 'Did this game work well on your system out of 10' because people using the system to attack good games isn't in anyones best interest."
,Not Recommended,403640,26539507,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,CoolBeans72,"This game is such a dissapointment. I was really looking forward to playing it, but it is practically UNPLAYABLE. I have a 970 and an i7-4770k cpu. They both have been fine with running games from medium to high setttings. This game is practically unplayable at those. Why am I getting 30fps drops? I feel like i'm playing a freaking console. And the story is so much better than the first one to. I just wish they would fix this. Maybe with a patch or something? I just wish they build the game for pc and ported it to consoles. At this point I might return it."
76561198053458797,Recommended,403640,26525736,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,BloodyPsycho,"Everyone go and install the GPU driver made to support this game , it's there for both AMD and Nvidia , at first I had the instability and horrible performance , but now it's way much better and more stable even though I don't have the recommended specs.Plus I was enjoying the game even with the bad performence , I recommend that you don't remove the idea of buying this , keep it in your list , if you don't care THAT much about some issues buy it , or wait for some patches for safety ^^"
,Not Recommended,403640,35161499,Posted: 23 September,all,GonzillaTheGreat,Some of you may be asking yourself the following:Is this game finally playable?Do I have the patience of a saint?Is 15fps a decent std. frame rate for a AAA game?No. No to all.
76561198067444352,Not Recommended,403640,26685735,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Fart Snake,Dishonored 1 = video of golden plate of spaghetti sitting inside a microwaveDishonored 2 = video of golden plate of spaghetti sitting inside a microwave at 15 fpsbethesda is killdo not buy until bethesda pulls their pants back up(will remove gay review once game = fix)
76561198070081343,Recommended,403640,30945769,Posted: 4 April,all,G8 DevBass A,Great optimization and great stealth experience buy it if u like stealth games
,Recommended,403640,28849212,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Alyarin,"BUY IT BUY IT BUY IT BUY IT BUY IT BUY IT BUY IT BUY IT BUY IT BUY IT BUY IT BUY IT BUY IT BUY IT BUY IT BUY IT BUY IT BUY IT BUY IT BUY IT BUY IT BUY IT BUY IT BUY IT BUY IT BUY IT BUY IT BUY IT BUY IT BUY IT BUY IT BUY IT BUY IT BUY IT BUY IT BUY ITIt's Dishonored 2, for the Outsider's sake. Need I say more?"
,Not Recommended,403640,28882738,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Thixotropic Coffee,"It's a real shame that Dishonored 2 is so bad when the original game is one of my all time favourites.I think it's telling of quality when the game crashes before you even finish the opening cutscene. Even after a series of patches this game isn't functional for many AMD based systems. It seems like there's an issue with how the game is built; my system isn't a potato, and the game wasn't stressing my system at all, yet somehow it wasn't running at a steady or particularly high framerate.The controls were slow and unresponsive and the options menu straight up didn't work. It wouldn't adjust my mouse sensitivity nor would it change the graphical options. I'd avoid this one. Normally in this instance it would be a case of ""avoid until a future patch"", but the game has been out for a decent while now and had several patches and it still doesn't work, so I'd just straight up avoid this one."
,Recommended,403640,28767202,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Commander Shepard,Best game for 2016!!!
,Not Recommended,403640,31695865,Posted: 11 May,all,BinaryGhost,"Dishonored 2 is boring.One paper, it might seem like a slam dunk. In terms of gameplay, level design, setting, it delivers exactly the same experience as the first one, and that's good news. The problem is that the content itself is mind numbingly boring, so enjoying the game is impossible.The biggest problem is the writing. Let's go over its many issues:- The story borrows the main idea of the original game's story (someone takes control of the empire using force, now you are wanted, and need to reclaim it with the help of a bunch of outcast supporting character). That's already kind of disappointing, but whatever, the writing itself can theoretically deliver despite the unoriginal concept. Except that:- The story progresses in a way that feels like a series of standalone missions, not like a continuously expanding narrative. It's a strange feeling since there is a literary arc to the whole game, and you do discover things about your adversary along the way, but each conclusion of a mission feels like a major plot device is crossed off the story, so instead of an evolving story, we get a story that shrinks as you play on. For example, Paolo, the leader of the Howlers, makes a brief appearance in the 4th mission, is absent in the 5th, and is dealt with in the 6th. That's quite a waste of an interesting character. A lot of plot points in the game feel like this. They are presented, and then they're gone, sometimes in the same mission.- The characters are very boring. The cast of supporting rebel NPCs was one of the good things about the original game. In Dishonored 2, you get 3 NPCs, and most of them only join you in the middle or the late part of the game, so it's very empty in the seafaring rebel headquarters. The characters themselves aren't really worth talking to outside of mendatory briefings. That Void dude is still here, interrupting your game to mentally jack off about how mysterious he is.The game has a few interesting story points, like when you discover the identity of the crown killer, or there's a level in which you get to travel back and forth in time, which is not only an interesting mechanic, but also creates a mystery that is fun to uncover. But these occurances are rare. I was really bored playing Dishonored 2, and I'm not looking forward to replaying it.I can't really call this a bad game though. It's a case of good game, crappy game for the series, but I can't really recommend it to anyone without a fair warning, and this is therefore a thumbs down for me."
76561198172482670,Not Recommended,403640,32761172,Posted: 25 June,all,TheLaw3,"game crashed 5 times before i could make a new game, and the course to learn the game, i didnt make it that far before i chose the glorious steam refound button"
76561198103958053,Not Recommended,403640,28602688,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,DotaServers_LOL,"Dont buy this game. They did a good job hyping a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game. I got it on December 23'rd and it was still♥♥♥♥♥♥ It makes you nautious if you play it for more than 2 or 3 hours, something is off with the graphics. On the other hand, I beat the game on the hardest difficutly in 4 hours so maybe its not such a big deal.No where near how good dishonored 1 was, with 100 times the hype. This game is a ripoff, please dont buy it."
,Not Recommended,403640,31401274,Posted: 27 April,all,metG,"Just stick to the first one ... This game is ok but its to short , and no where near as engaging or as amazing as the first one, the first one might even be my favorite game other than Half-Life, but this one doesn't really develop the story, and it just isn't as good, i mean its ok but not a worth sequel."
,Not Recommended,403640,34195003,Posted: 12 August,all,PAiNGiveR,Nice optimization with nice support#don'trushitformoney
76561198310240574,Recommended,403640,26515511,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,LEMONLIAM,It's real good I recommend if you have a beast pc
76561197971381850,Recommended,403640,26520236,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,zorianarki,"Ok, so this game is amazing, thats the short of it.The gameplay is just pure awesome. The skill trees are super cool, the two characters are very different to play, and both very useful both in stealth and nonlethal, and in combat. There is way more storytelling and sort of small details and lore tidbits and environmental storytelling everywhere, it is a DELIGHT to play in a world where it feels like every room and place has a purpose in the world, not just in the game. The performance is demanding, but I honestly don't get people whining that they cant play it at ULTRA in 1440p with an older gfx card. I'm in a semi old nvidia card and I'm doing finde in 1080 with everything in high or very high. So yeah, the performance is fine, taking into account that the visuals are what they are, they're stunning.Regarding the ""length"" of the game. If you're like me then it'll take AGES to play, in a good way. I want a ghost/nonlethal playthrough and it takes time, and I want every rune and charm and that takes time too, and the paintings, and the coins.. so.. ♥♥♥♥ yeah. I've 11 hours in and I know for a fact that I'm not halfway through."
,Recommended,403640,26715738,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,xoma262,"Well.Since there was a patch enabling SLI and fix for mouse lag - I can play normally without any pain in the♥♥♥♥♥I do recommend, if you are a fan of the first part."
76561197973307364,Recommended,403640,26760628,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Jordon,"Despite overwhelming negative feedback, this game is actually good.Performance isn't awesome, but it's not the worst (GTX980). The game is great, I can see awesome replayability with the option of playing the campaign with two different characters coupled with the new chaos system.It's basically Dishonored 1, with a whole new campaign and world, new powers and characters. Can't go wrong.Recommend, although I do admit performance is not A-grade."
,Recommended,403640,26581802,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,awildbrysen,"All the optimization issues aside, this game is amazing.The world is gorgeous and feels unique.There is a lot of space for creativity, each power can be used to build your own playstyle.The game has amazing lore and the books and letters that are scattered around are very fun to read.I recommend this game!"
,Recommended,403640,26678778,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Belemon,"First pacth helped a lot. Thanks! Got 25-30 fps instead of 10 on low graphics. Now I can see hand-painted textures!I do not think there is any reason to write again how goddamn awesome this game is. I'm still playing so can't judge the story, but even now I can say that I'ts way more interesting to follow it than in the priveous game."
76561198028933921,Not Recommended,403640,26694513,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Rackefet,"This looks like DLC for Dishonored 1, but not like a new game.Waste of money. Do not recommend."
76561198351615869,Not Recommended,403640,28394165,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,timmytball01,"Game takes 20 minutes to load, crashes on kill of an important target.Super disappointed as I was able to enjoy the first game, but the second game is unplayable.Love dishonored, I wish I could play dishonored 2."
,Recommended,403640,26533188,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Catch-A-Ride,"I don't know what's wrong with this game, I already set everything to ultra but the game still sometimes runs at very low fps (only 40)."
,Recommended,403640,26534786,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,HyperionX,"Laptop with Gtx 980, i7-6700K runs between 50-80 FPS on ULTRA.All good, but.....No new game plus and lack of bonecharms, makes bone crafting fkn useless.Even though you can craft runes from old bonecharms .....you will never be able to max out your character (see above...lack of bonecharms.)Dammit, it was a really great game to play through.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x04tL9CQIig"
76561198041420411,Not Recommended,403640,28208878,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Glenjamin,this game is absolute trash compared to the original story isnt as good the game play is glitchy or down right broken. ive had guards see me through walls  the majority of things that made the first one fun sneaking past guards by 4 or so multiple routes is none existent now  it still has 4 or so routes but all of them are guarded and so much as a glimpse of you will give you away.  they made it more difficult instead of making changes to play style or gadgets and thats its biggest flaw.  the auto save feature happens so frequently its actually a disadvantage you cant restart a level if you are going for a perfect run or a no kill run unless you save it manually. all around a downgrade over the original it stinks of a new dev  who wanted to make it  more challenging and thats it.
76561197960429802,Recommended,403640,28275210,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,motiv-8,"Giving a positive review because watching people be so petty as to complain about not having support for their seven year-old CPUs and ""only"" getting 100fps is absurd when this game is really amazing. It runs great, it looks great, and it plays great. Easy buy for any fan of Dishonored or Thief."
,Recommended,403640,26625051,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Vampyre411,"I LOVEEEEEEEEEEEEEE IT!!!! If you really want to understand this game, go play dishonored 1 and DLC knife of dunwall and brigmore witchess (For any of you who wanted to understand the storyline better :) You won't regret it!!!""You never thought I would fight back,You never saw me as a threat,You don't know me,But you will.""-Emily KaldwinWhat the outsider says in the trailer, ""The years are long but it's always good to see a familiar face.""Answer from me: Yes, it's really good *nodded*"
,Recommended,403640,26685051,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,JamesWest,"WAY BETTER THAN THE FIRST, and the first was fantastic.They improve the mechanics a lot, and it flows better. Achieving a low chaos run is a lot less frustrating than in the first game.The final portion of the game is exciting, regardless of whether you are a low level or high level chaos. In the first game the low level end had a bit of a letdown, it's definitely fixed this time around!The game even had a few throwbacks to Daud's campaign. I won't spoil it though. :3"
76561198000449787,Not Recommended,403640,28566990,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Flexzity,"Performance still suck. I bet the gameis good, just like D1, but it's so bad optimized that i don't even bother continue. Sticking with Unreal Engine would have been so much better!!!!!"
76561198050056595,Not Recommended,403640,26599682,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Frodo,"This game does not work with my gtx 970 and 3770 k at 4 ghz, i also have 16 gb of ram but it is so unoptimised that i cannot even play smoothly in 1080 p. This should get fixed. I refunded btw"
,Not Recommended,403640,26521803,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,[T-H-C-C] Ciri,Lag.
76561198000713685,Not Recommended,403640,28417803,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,triskuit,"A frustrating game, and that's not factoring in the early technical issues of running it. Parts are brilliant and wonderful, but those parts are at odds with the rest of the thing. Recommended for glass-half-full types."
,Recommended,403640,32888233,Posted: 27 June,all,Kotani,10 Corvo/10
76561198116957798,Not Recommended,403640,33126240,Posted: 2 July,all,H3K Dark Soul,"Cant launch this game.Tryed every possible solution. And nothing works.One of the baddest PC Ports ive ever tried.I hope its the last Dishonored this team ""tryed"" to port to PC."
76561198023324443,Not Recommended,403640,29263528,Posted: 14 January,all,WaffleButter,"My game worked for 31 hours with minimal performance hiccups. On the following day, the game refuses to load past the opening logos and loading screens.It baffles me what could have possibly happened to make a game break in the course of one evening. I've done some digging for a solution with little success. There were problems regarding performance aand crashes they had supposedly fixed recently, but here I am unable to play.If I could get my refund, I would. I'll probably stay away from future bethesda published titles from now on."
,Not Recommended,403640,34252927,Posted: 15 August,all,Annemie,"I enjoyed this game for a large amount of my playthrough but it hit a wall and it hit that wall hard. I like playing the game stealthily, using far reach to hit vantage points and sneak by entirely undetected. However, when you reach a level which says ""Hey, look at my exciting new gimmick. No, don't spoil it by using your magic teleporting powers. Have fun the way I tell you to have fun!"" it screeches to a halt.There was one level which completely took away your powers and another level which altered its layout which, again, made teleporting around and finding vantage points much harder (not impossible, but it wasn't fun).The original Dishonored was amazing and let you do the things you wanted to do. When Dishonored 2 is good, it's just as good if not better, with a nice variety of powers and bonecharms (which you can craft to alter your character to your playstyle), but I also spent a good few hours with this game being frustrated because it wouldn't let me do my thing because it wanted to do its thing."
76561197992258739,Not Recommended,403640,28977759,Posted: 3 January,all,Kosegut1,"Unbelievable that this game is not yet playable. Crashes every 3 minutes.I mean, it's great game and I'm sure Id replay it time and time again like the the first dishonored game. But no fun in playing it 3 minutes at the time.My pc specs are:16GB DDR4-2400MHzNVIDIA(R) GeForce(R) GTX 1070 with 8GB GDDR5Intel(R) Core(TM) i7-6700HQ (Q uad-Core, 6MB Cache, up to 3.5 GHz w/Turbo Boost)1TB (64MB Cache) 7200 RPM SATA 6Gb/sAcording to the requierd secs, I should have no problem playing the game. A real shame. Had really been looking forward to this one...."
76561198283866610,Recommended,403640,28879405,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,libertycaps86,"after messing with settings 'as you do' i got it runing nice ... was running ok anyway but , i noticed the Target adaptive res was set at refresh rate, resulting in poor image, but lifting the sharpness  of the tsaa and FOV improved its look for mestory is seeming interesting so far, many kill combos, slashwounds actually stay on thier bodies , un like 1st game., yeh its looking good so far, will edit as game for me progress- the many ways to perform knock out and shadow kills impress me, the voice acting does not, AI enemies use alot of the same voices and speeches..i notice some levels are optimized better than others. shame about lack of aa options as some shimmer and jaggy goes on, your nvidea program setting dont seem to compliment either, , but then again , i reckon its mainly for 4k hence why only tsaa x1 other than your usual fxaa which no one uses...but overall it is fun ,"
76561198119556144,Recommended,403640,33191948,Posted: 3 July,all,CrazyPriest,"I'm assuming most of the hate for this game was from before they fixed optimization issues. So far, this game is a big improvement on the first game in mechanics. Karnaca is an awesome setting with lots of verticality and variance. I look forward to finishing the game and going back through as Emily."
76561198014642584,Not Recommended,403640,30514343,Posted: 14 March,all,Darkwhip,"This game is not woth 80$ I'd say it's worth 40$. I completed the game and trust me without a doubt I can tell that the duration of the game is very short. (Right here you can see I made the game in 15 hours on very hard mode, yes I started playing directly on very hard since beginning 'til the end and I only played the game once. Even in very hard with powers the game isn't difficult)I won't even talk about re-playability, holyshit how is it fun to re-explore the same♥♥♥♥♥♥you've just discovered ?I'd like to be refunded 40$ for this.Aspects the devs should had used more:The time sphere - You have no Idea how crazy that tool and mecanic was powerfuly interesting/addictive and yet we only use it once !- More enigmas to complete ! (Without the answer given right away, of course)Problems with the game:- Too short- Awkward scenes (the begining for example)- Immersion breaking bugs (While killing Dalila, on my side she became invisible while I was making the killing act/scene)In conclusionWait for the game to be on sale for around 40$ Or even less."
76561198079417387,Recommended,403640,28910143,Posted: 1 January,all,little will,"I really enjoyed the first game and this one is worth the money it has an exellent story and fun gameplay. This game is beautifully crafted and worth the $60. They have also added much more of a challenge and better kill animations. I only have one problem with the story and that isin the end you free the person stuck in marbel by touching them and frankly that is dumb as ♥♥♥♥, like could you have done that in the beging when u escaped the room and took out ramsey in the throne room?, other then that i have minor issues like there is no animation for picking up or throwing objects.I have heard many people complaining that the game was ported badly, I havnt seen any of theese issues. The only glitches i have seen were durring the first cutsence with megan foster the screen turned black and it crashed twice. I am running the game at 60fps my computer specs are as follows. . .-CPU: i5 4590 3.3ghz-Graphics Card: r9 280X 3GB-RAM:16GB"
,Not Recommended,403640,31127113,Posted: 13 April,all,E Borge,"I would really REALLY love to say get this game- but It crashes! I reinstalled, verified cache, used beta patch, updated drivers. Nothing would work. It plays the logos and crashes."
,Recommended,403640,26530589,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Saikka,"Pros -1) I absolutely love the UI in this game. It so far has been seemless and beautifully constructed in my opinion. You are able to view all the little excerpts you find throughout the game, there is a travel diary that can be read in the menu for each mission, and the ability upgrade system is very neat and tidy.2) Even on low-medium settings, the game looks beautiful. I cannot wait to crank it up once the day 1 patch releases, hopefully removing the stuttering and fps drops most people are seeing.3) Making your own bone charms is pretty awesome, since now you can double, triple, or even quadruple stack benefits on a single rune.Cons-1) So far, I have had some issues with fps drops when I put the settings to high and ultra. They became unnoticeable once I put everything low-medium though.2) I tend to get a glitch where my character vision stutters back and forth when doing the lean look by a wall. It's quickly fixed by moving or stopping the lean, but incredible annoying to see happen.I've been mostly sneaking around and performing silent takedowns, so haven't seen any heavy combat as of yet.I'm running on a GTX 960 for the curious.At this point, I would still recommend the game, mainly because I'm not having the same optimization issues others are having. Granted, I recommend waiting for reviews after the day 1 patch to see if those with issues see any improvement."
,Recommended,403640,27643867,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,WHAM,"Dishonored 2 is, much like the original, one of my instant favourites. The world is rich and alive, the characters lively and detailed, the gameplay swift and smooth. It is easy for me to recommend such a game, and I do so wholeheartedly. Note, that I've only done a single playthrough as Corvo and intend to update this review, if necessary, after doing so with Emily.In the end, though, even I have to admit that Dishonored 2 does suffer from a few issues compared to the first game. The voice acting has suffered in some areas, and something about the game engine causes voice lines to trigger a bit too fast, making many conversations seem hasty and twisted as the characters seemingly try to cut one another off mid-sentence. The story, as well, seems to pick up a bit too hastily compared to the first game, and the whats and the why's, the motivations that drive many of the characters, are a bit too obscure.All in all, while not perfect and not quite up to par with the first game, Dishonored 2 is a great game to put a few evenings into and it serves well both for those garnering for stealth-oriented gameplay or bloodthirsty and imaginative murder-fests.Playtime: 16+ hours (single playthrough as Corvo)Ratings (1-10)Visual: 10Audio: 9Story: 8Gameplay: 9Overall: 9"
,Not Recommended,403640,27583974,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Ruiner,"Besides the fact the game runs poorly.... You can not just take the same game, add a new voice, and slap a 2 on it. You're not being honest with your fans. This is a glorified xpac at best."
76561198011228100,Recommended,403640,28445474,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Kenji,"Very good game.First Dishonored got me excited, now this one!Had no performance issues, even on 4k it ran stable but one map some fps-dropsStory 10/10Gameplay 10/10Art 10/10Performance 9/10"
,Recommended,403640,28316475,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,suhh,70/100-You need to play Dishonored 1 to understand Dishonored 2-Bugs & Lags+Really funny to play+No Ingame Purchases
,Recommended,403640,27164691,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Maggi,"Everyone cares so much about 60 fps, but I'm just really enjoying the story, graphics, controls, and the amazing kills."
76561198306337806,Recommended,403640,28130494,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,FrankOlmstedjr,"I have experienced none of the problems that others have spoken about, this game is so well made, just absolutely fantastic. Its so polished and god, its better than the first. this review is incoherent, buy the ♥♥♥♥ing game, you wont regret it."
,Recommended,403640,28127519,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,SFB,"Despite the launch being♥♥♥♥♥♥poor in terms of proformance, it is nice to see Arkane fixing the issues. Personally, I never had any of these issues so I was one of the fewSpecs:GTX 970i5 469016 GB RamPros:Level Design is fantastic again, better than Dishonored 1 by a long shot. Very little reused areas like in the first game.New powers, always a nice way to play the gameMore new ways to play the gameStats system whether it is shown that you been detected or not or kills have been added.Two Characters, Emily and Corvo with different powersBeats Dishonored 1 in every way in terms of everything it has to offer.Story is better than the first game.Cons:Still a few proformance hiccups, but it shouldn't stop you from buying this game. Patch 1.3 has made a huge difference. I didn't have many proformance issues either too. So maybe I was lucky."
76561198032047847,Recommended,403640,26766193,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Kaidian,"Overall a great game, has some issues with optimize out there but they are working on patchs so thats a good thing. My issues was never that big just some fps drops in a few places and some mouse lag so nothing horrible for me.It has good map designs, interesting combat options with the combos of powers, guns, stealth, etc. So I would recommend it to folks. Lots of in game lore to read and help you find things like safe codes that are random each time you playthrough the game.If your one of the unlucky folks with very poor performance. Remember it has a 2 hour refund policy on steam so worst case is you cant play the game, refund it."
76561198066234275,Recommended,403640,26590992,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Scraggy Hero,"This is an incredible sequel to an incredible game. Dishonored 2 improves upon almost everything that Dishonored 1 was good at. The combat is more advanced and feels faster, the stealth is more intense and has more options, player choice is vastly improved, and the general world atmosphere feels perfect.There are some performance issues but I was able to completely get rid of them by following some steps on reddit. Basically, lower AA, texture detail, and use Project Lasso to set the game to high priority. I now get 60-80 FPS even in combat with many enemies."
,Recommended,403640,26638331,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,ThatGruntHunt,"Don't listen to the people rating this down because of a ""bad"" launch product. The only issues I had were framerate drops pretty heavy on max settings. I simply turned it down to high and it ran a smooth 45-50 frames consistently, and it never crashed or had pop ins. The game looks gorgeous in its art style and detail, a theme caught somewhere between steam punk and European architecture, and it really refines what was an excellent art style in the original.Gameplay is solid, I played through as Emily of which I thought her powers were pretty refreshing, and being able to play through an excellently laid out story (that never feels too long, nor too short) and impeccable level design twice with the added feature of playing through as Corvo excites me. I'm not the world's biggest fan but I loved the first game a lot, and this sequel didn't dissapoint. If anything it reminds me of what a true sequel should be, a happy balance of invention/refinement.9/10"
,Recommended,403640,26737017,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Hurp,"(haven't had any technical issues)Astonishing game. Basically an improvement on the first one in every way and that was one of my favorite games ever. My only real complaint is how there isn't any intro at all and you're just dropped straight into things, I could see that being really confusing for those who didn't play dishonored 1."
76561198313102441,Recommended,403640,26592753,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Professor Florian,"I beaten the game twice now, I don't notice frame drops.  My game does freeze but not very often.  I really enjoyed the game, one of my favorites.  It's good that it's difficult, makes people think about what to do."
,Recommended,403640,26737573,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,RageAgainstTheAmish,"Did you like Dishonored? No question, get this game. Improvements on literally every aspect of gameplay and story while retaining that feel and ambience from the 1st game."
76561198155541232,Recommended,403640,26515538,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Kismet,I'm writing this review because I have seen some negative reviews because the game is poorly optimised. And it is. My $3000 computer can't run this game on very high without it dipping below 60 which is insane. So if you have a low-end PC it's probably best to wait. The gameplay is fun however and I do think that with an optimization patch it should be really good.
76561198193977142,Recommended,403640,26720246,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Gothicross,"It's a kill!!!So far the game is REALLY surprisingly GOOD!Was a tad scared about all the reviews and the experience of friends...Well TBH... I started the game on VERY LOW graphics, as everyone suggested... Tweaked here and there a bit... Played... no laggs.... Rinse repeat... Until I just end up by blasting everything to Ultra... and uuuuhhhhmmmmm... NO LAGGS NO FPS DROP!!!! Guess I am one of the lucky ones!It's a BLOODY BLOODFLY BLAST!!!!!!Well Emily's and Corvo's... Here is mah investigation so far:!. OVERALL much better, more fun and very interactive than D12. I like Emily's Void walk REALLY so much! (Her abilities is a blast!)3. The narrative, voice overs and overall conversation is really great, full bodied (eared?)4. Have not played Corvo yet5. SUGOI!!! SO CRISP Graphics, really worth it!6. Did not find my Assassin prezzy yet! :(7. Corvo is sooooo..... uuuhm did not play Corvo yet8. Mechanics: - Fighting is really fun! Stealth is a bit harder, but I always enjoy a challenge! There is a few fatality moves, which is really nice... Made me flinch a few times9. Did not even think about League of Legends.... lol10. Thats all folks!!!I really reccomend this game and believe this will take GOTY 2016 with such ease (GG EASY)Buy it, HAVE fun and beware of Clockwork and bloodflies...."
76561197996327420,Recommended,403640,27791369,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,DarkEye117,I want more!
,Recommended,403640,26550692,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Afe.Rena,"Ok, so here's the deal.I was gonna wait to buy this one. All the bad reviews about people with monster rigs having performance issues was, as we say in my country, keeping me with a flea behind my ear (worried).After a few thoughts and reading a few things online, I decided to buy it. Hey, if it was that bad, I can always grab a refund.I have a mid-rig. Some say it's even a low-rig, but let me tell you guys the specs:FX-6300 3.5Ghz / 4.1Ghz turbo (I keep it on auto, like most people);XFX R9 280x Black Edition  (3Gb - 384bits) Using the latest Catalyst driver: 16.11.3;16Gb Corsair Vengeance Pro 1600Mhz 2x8;1Tb HDD;LG 21:9 monitor - 2560x1080Windows 10 64bitsI started the game, went to the graphic settings and already put it on auto, and everything went to a few options on mid and others on low. Left the game on borderless window, went to the Task Manager and putted the .exe on above normal priority.Everything went ok indoors, Framerate was about 40-50. I can live with that. And I heard that the problem for most people was when they went outside.Well, done everything and then it was time to head outside and see if it will tank like most people said it did. Nope. The FPS dropped a bit. Went to 30-40. I can live with that as well.After I headed to Karnaca, I wanted to get some of the graphical options a boost. See how much it would affect the framerate. Tuned some of the options like this:V-sync: On;Adaptive Resolution: 75%Texture Details: High;Model Details: High;Environment Details: High;Water Quality: Medium;View Distance: High;Shadow Quality: Medium;Decal Quality: Medium;Fog Quality: Medium;Anti-aliasing: TXAA 1x (this one was already like this since the auto option);Bloom: Yes;Depth of Field: Yes;Lens Flare: Yes;Volumetric Lightning: Yes;God Rays: Yes;Rat Shadows: Yes;Bloodfly Shadows: Yes.Started to play in Karnaca and, for my delight, everything stayed the same. 40-50 FPS indoors, sometimes hitting 60, and a solid 30-40 outside. Maybe I got lucky somehow or maybe I did something right.I know that most players are having problems with AMD based rigs. Try doing the ""tweeks"" I said earlier. About putting it on windowed and giving a higher priority to the .exe of the game.Keep in mind that this review it's for the people that, like me, don't care if the game doesn't run at 200fps on super ultra mega blaster 2013 yeah boy settings. Unfortunately, PC parts in my country are expensive as banana sweets in a mostly coconut world where only monkeys live. In other words.. It's very expensive.The only thing I'm kinda bummed out it's that the sensitivity options are broken. I putted X and Y on 100 and it's the same slooow thing as it was before. Hopefully, this will be fixed on the patches yet to come.I took a few screenshots of the game so far. So you can check out how the graphics turned out for me with the setting I left it on. Feel free to browse my page and look at them.I LOVED the first game and it's DLCs. Couldn't wait for this one to drop so I could live the thrill of a stealthy assassin once again.The game is a lot of fun so far. I'm in the second main mission playing as a no-mercy Emily. Having to hear my mom's heart telling me that I'm better than being a cold blooded murder is killing me. But I wanted to play a vengeful Emily. So suck it, mommadusky.Gameplay is the same, not much has changed, but the A.I, oh boy the A.I. I'm playing on hard, so those ♥♥♥♥ing guards can see me a mile away peeking behind a giant box. I loved it. Made the stealthy side much more dangerous and fun to play!Edit: typoEdit 2: After I finished the game with Emily, I started a new one after the new update with Corvo and let me tell you, the game runs WAY better. I'm getting a steady 60 fps indoors and a solid 40 - 50 outdoors (sometimes hitting 60, but it's a little rare). I'm still running the game on borderless window, but I don't need to change the priority anymore. I really recomend that players that were a little doubtfull at start give it a try now!"
76561198013648881,Recommended,403640,26634349,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,HalbNordmann,"My PC (Nvidia 970, i7, 16 GB RAM) managed this game just fine. Sure it's not on Ultra but I played it almost with no incident. Make sure your drivers are up to date and maybe let Nvidia handle the settings, if you can. It knows best.The game is fun, engaging and can be played multiple times to find all the things you did not catch before. Or to not kill all the things this time. It remains neatly wrapped and it was clearly made with lots of love.It's a bit on the short side, but then again, Dishonored could present me with 200 hours of playtime and I'd still want more.The only thing I had a problem with was the sound cutting out every now and then. That's a bit annoying but I trust they will fix this at some point."
76561198090933083,Recommended,403640,26532271,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,The Headless Horsemelon,"I dont understand all the hate. this game is amazing... ya deffinetly need a good pc to run it but holy hell it's beautiful and a worthy follow up to the original dishonored. the story hooks you in, fair word of warning though, it's much harder than the original if you're going for the no kill run. either way, its awesome and deffinently worth the money."
,Recommended,403640,26557465,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Jday360,"Other than performance issues the game is really fun and definatly an improvement on the first game! 8/10 now, when patched will be solid 9/10."
76561198094340632,Recommended,403640,26575155,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,scorpionsting6x3,"i7-4790k, GTX970 - No issues whatsoever and I am thoroughly enjoying the game so far.Edit: Things did start to get a little goofy (fps wise) as soon as I got into the conservatory. All it took was taking out a few fly nests and everything started clearing up again. I did have an issue, after an update, where the game wouldn't launch after the loading screen. Set it to windowed mode in steam settings and everything is running great again."
76561197989741567,Recommended,403640,26610413,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,bb,"A wonderful folow up to dishonored. my FAVORITE game. but let me warn you. there is no set up like before. you DIVE right in. there is no lingering that made you honestly.. think. there arent as many FREE moments. BUT in my opinion, it had a more vibrant story line, and the second charactor choice makes it that much more replayable, along with all the new abilities. weird huh. less choice, more story. or rather.. easier choices. doing the ""right"" thing was.. stressed.. at times. almost like it tried to lead you in that path, as opposed to dishonored 1 where you had to fight for your nonlethal play, you had to THINK, and EXPLORE. this was more easy. Enjoyable, but easy"
,Recommended,403640,26611003,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,VYEKING,"Takes the good parts of the first and makes them better. Awesome story, awesome combat. I don't have the technical issues, so I can't comment on those. All around fantastic game."
,Recommended,403640,26993873,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Sepharus,Amazing game. Much more playable now with the update.
,Recommended,403640,27008696,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,T9TU | NOOBGAMER,The level design and the graphics are what strike me the most in the game and the AI sometimes feel ♥♥♥♥♥♥ and sometimes felt very genuineOverall its a nice game with not satisfying ending and the time it took to finish the game and the replayability isn't much so but the experience was good so buy this game to get the secrets of the mark of outsider and eveything.
,Recommended,403640,26575095,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Admiral,"I've been a huge fan of dishonored from the beginning, i have to say that this game has exceeded my expectations for this game. It really lives up to the first game and i highly recommend this game to old fans and fans of action stealth games where your choice affects the dystopian world around you."
76561198319274689,Recommended,403640,26685429,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,extremelymemely,I love this game. I've played through it 4 times already. It is amasing what a large leap they made from the last game... However! this game was realeased in an unaceptable state. Frequent frame drops and stuttering gameplay is not what I payed for. I recomend that you pick this game up after they fix their broken product. Apparently a post launch patch is coming soon... ikd... I'm disapointed in you bathesda
76561198106550593,Not Recommended,403640,27123744,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,GIANT DAD,Ten outta ten will refund this broken game again.
,Not Recommended,403640,28911534,Posted: 1 January,all,(•‿•) ßärräcüdä,"Is it a good game? Yes it is.But is it a good sequel. I don't think so. It feel so much like what happened to Deus Ex: Mankind Divided.The plot is nothing special, and I'm not sure if the game is actually longer than the 1st one. It does not feel like it is longer. It feels so very short, the size of DLC to me. I think it is because of how it just seems like a DLC for the 1st game in terms of novelty. But mission wise it has 9 missions, Thing is 2nd and 3d missions are actually 1 mission that is for some reason split into 2 parts. There is a pre-mission part where you get to the mission through the city crawling with soldiers and some side activities and the mission itself. And then we have Clockwork mansion which is also done like this: there is pre-mission part which includes 2 parts of a district and the mansion part itself. But for some reason it is considered to be a single mission. I don't know why developers went this way but I'm guessing they were running low on content and wanted to make the game look bigger. If they pulled this one more often they could have doubled the amount of missions.Anyway, the game is short and if you do not spend time exploring like I do, then you can run it faster than the 1st one.Next time they need to come up with a fun story.Besides, the technical issues, long loading times (I run on gtx 980, i7 930, 12 ram), the handling of the character feels heavier than in the previous title. I had good fps."
76561198128374263,Recommended,403640,29917368,Posted: 14 February,all,Forerunner,It's really addictive! Highly recommended
76561198069909467,Not Recommended,403640,33204363,Posted: 3 July,all,FalloutManiac,"Honestly expected more from Arkane studios. Let me put it in perspective of how poorly this game runs. I have a GTX 980, 16 DDR4 ram and i5 6600k and I get MASSIVE fps drops while running on high. This is sad an was hoping to get to play through this game. Until they offer performance stability instead of fps drops every 5 min, then I do NOT recommend picking this up."
76561198088652615,Not Recommended,403640,33084314,Posted: 1 July,all,nedkelly69,"I'm a big fan of the franchise but this game is just too buggy and messed up to deserve a positive review, especially considering that the developer doesn't seem to care about all the issues."
76561198121247468,Recommended,403640,26551301,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,AceSeptre,"Nine hours in playing as Emily and really enjoying Dishonored 2. Gameplay is extremely solid with just the right amount of difficulty. The addition of Emily as a playable character was a great way to expand gameplay without breaking from the formula that made the first game great. Arkane has designed the game in a way that greatly awards pre-planning as opposed to rushing in and winging it (although both ways are just as fun and sometimes necessary). Not knowing what is around the next corner really pushes players to stop and think about their next move as enemies are numerous, and players can be easily spotted and overrun if not careful. As far as the story goes, it is for the most part very engaging and worthwhile investing in, however Arkane has only just glanced over important details that link the first game to the second, as well as quickly rushing players through Emily recieivng her powers, leaving the player asking why one minute she goes from a well trained Empress, to a magically powered assassin for seemlingly no reason other than to add a second playable character that is similar enough to Corvo that the game doesn't lose any of its core mechanics. This unnecessary mystery does get explained a bit better overtime, but it should have happened much earlier in the game, and much clearer and more complete. I will say that much of this could be considered unnecessary detail to newcomes to the series, but as a lover of the first game I wish Arkane would have taken the time to scratch the story itch.I have seen numerous players complaning of technical issues with the game, however I have personally experienced none of this. The game looks great, and frame rate is solid. I am playing on a farily high end system so I can't comment as to the issues that lower end to mid range PCs are having, but I can confirm that at least on my GTX 1080 and 6600k that the game is running perfectly. I have had a couple somewhat silly glitches such as Emily getting stuck floating in the air and able to fire down on the heads of enimies without being noticed, but I have had nothing gamebreaking or frustrating and intrusive to gameplay.I definitely recommend Dishonored 2 to anyone new to the franchise, as well as anyone who played Dishonored 1. It may be worth it to wait a week or two (from today 11/11/16) for players running on low to medium tier PCs due to technical issues experienced by players on similarly powered systems, but I have no doubt that Arkane will patch these issues very quickly. A solid 8.5/10 for a game that had very big shoes to fill."
76561198008103033,Recommended,403640,28243563,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,TheMuckx,"Fantastic game! I've played the first game, and after a few missions in this one i started playing it as i should've from the beginning. Finding all the runes, bonecharms and all the hidden places before moving on. Tweaky story in which you can manipulate yourself..As for the performance issues, i didn't experience that. smooth 70-100 fps all the way on ""Very High"".i7 3770k, GTX 1070, 16g ram, all stock."
,Not Recommended,403640,33231436,Posted: 4 July,all,Solusverd,"Still can't even launch this game, crashes every time- I have done everything up to and including reinstalling windows."
76561198114181233,Recommended,403640,26565809,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Red Oblivion,This is an awsome game I LOVE IT after my second play through on high chaos i felt it really improved from dishonored.However there are perfomance drops and you should only play the game if you can deal with the drop and if you can its AMAZING
76561198289101349,Recommended,403640,26566025,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Sensei420,"Gtx 1070 Hybridi7 6800k8gb RamIt runs great for me. Some performance issues on reccomended specs, they will likely be fixed soon I hope. This is one of the most anticipated games of the year, so it sure is frustrating. But just wait a while for a patch to come out then we'll have the game we've been waiting for!Sorry for everyone exprienceing performance issues, I can say that with not having any myself, this  is one of my top 3 games of the year. Great and intriging storyline with plenty of chances to play how you want. The combat seems a little choppy at first but once you get use to it, it's actually really fluid. The best part of the game for me is the wide variety of powers you can unlock, and chaining them together has endless possiblilites. All the areas are very wide and have plenty of hidden areas that will surprise you when you just thought you cleared everything."
,Recommended,403640,26594884,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Valerie,"Good preformance on high preset with a GTX 960. Fun game, havnt had frame drops or the like yetEdit: launched this game and my houses power went off, coincidence? i think not"
76561198095181276,Not Recommended,403640,26528090,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,louis2428,I have been dishonored from the poor optimzation.
76561198009481086,Recommended,403640,26565893,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,malpuella,"Spectacular game, huge improvement on the first one, which is one of my favorite of all time. I have not experienced the technical problems many have complained about, but then again I know how to adjust my settings to get optimal performance depending on the game. ;-)"
76561197973242457,Not Recommended,403640,34764314,Posted: 5 September,all,AquaSky,"I waited quite some time to play this game given the performance issues that plagued it. Sadly, it's still utterly♥♥♥♥♥♥♥and the performance hits are so jarring that is destroys any sense of immersion. I'm unsure whether it's these issues that are making the game very hard to get in to, or whether it's actually far worse than the original (which I loved).In short, you can cover a dog turd in sparkly wrapping paper, but that doesn't make it a nice present."
,Recommended,403640,28465173,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Ander,"Excellent game.  If you liked Dishonored, you'll love it.  It's a sneak-em-up or an assassination sim, depending on how you want to play, and the (optional) magical abilities make the open plan areas fun to explore and allow for repeat gameplay.  Later levels change to reflect how you are playing the game - kill everyone and the world (and game ending) becomes darker; the high chaos route also increases the number of enemies to be dealt with.It should be noted that attempting a no-kill complete game may be frustrating at times, as the interface can occasionally trip you up, the game isn't easy (even on normal difficulty) and you may be hitting the reload button a lot.  Worth playing."
76561198054002846,Not Recommended,403640,32173162,Posted: 4 June,all,TCFontanine,"Performance wise it's sluggish. Really hard to get anything above 90 FPS on decent settings so if you're counting on a 144Hz monitor then think again.Story wise it's a bit more boring that the first one but the gameplay is pretty much more of the same.My main problem was with the level design and missions. If you want to play stealth and to secondary quests it takes you through the same rooms over and over again, trying to avoid the same enemies. This got so repetitive and boring that it totally ruined the experience for me. I'm sorry I've played long enough to no longer be eligible for a refund.I got the game on sale when it was 29.99 and still feel that it's not worth that much. If you want to play stealth and not feel like you're wasting too much time you could be investing in something else then your 59.99 are better spent elsewhere."
,Recommended,403640,28613439,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Pootinski,"Optimization is bad, game is good, but there is no mission selection screen.what the ♥♥♥♥.Edit: They added mission selection."
76561198091940658,Recommended,403640,29115053,Posted: 8 January,all,Tisbaewa-mou-shindeiru,Qualitatif !
76561197970147379,Recommended,403640,28678428,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Szandor,"Great story, great art-direction, great levels and gameplay that is varied and fun. This is no big step away from the first game, but that isn't a bad thing. The first game blew me away and this game is more of the same. Emily and Corvo play a bit differently, which is nice. There are a few caveats though...First, I had to get a new processor for the game to even work. I've never had any problems with my Phenom II until now and even though it was a bit old it still performed great. Second, the game likes to drop the framerate every now and then. It runs great for a while, then stutters down to unplayable. Very annoying. I've never had it force quit or go to black screen on me after i got the new processor though.To sum it up, the game has technical issues but is well worth it if you're a fan of the first game. Which, sadly, is a review that can be copied and pasted across a lot of Bethesda games..."
,Recommended,403640,28853172,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,N1K ♔ | https://opsk.in/u/1x1ez9,Loved this game and the first one but you serious? 16 hours I finished it...? I even tried to do some extra stuff along the way... That's dissapointing... 16 hours... is this a joke? 16... 1-6 hours... ♥♥♥♥ me... easy scam...
76561198003596091,Recommended,403640,29249254,Posted: 14 January,all,xLordofmolotov,"Beautiful and immersive environments, with varied and interesting level design. There's a real freedom of expression as a player, but I found myself playing more lethal than stealthy, as it was just more fun that way. I really feel like the developers put quite a lot of effort into this sequel, and the only bug I encountered was that the game wouldn't start properly sometimes and crashed to desktop, but when I was playing I had very minor performance issues. Not many games I would park to play again sometime, but I'm definitely coming back to this and replaying in a year or so. Worthwhile purchase, and highly recommended."
,Recommended,403640,33147226,Posted: 2 July,all,Rabbit Of Caerbannog,10/10 Would become a ravaging merderer agian.
76561198087850025,Recommended,403640,31139732,Posted: 14 April,all,Fascist Canada,"great game, not sure if it's worth 80$ but i got it for 35$ and im very happy with it, if you liked the first one you'll love this one too"
,Recommended,403640,30612877,Posted: 19 March,all,lmaonade,"Fantastic gameplay which improved exactly how it needed to from the first game. The setting and lore around the world are as amazing as the previous game as well. Overall it's a great sequel, and it's only negatives are a weak story and trash dialogue but you're a cuck if you let that get in the way of actual gameplay. 8/10."
,Recommended,403640,30593591,Posted: 18 March,all,๖ۣۜ𝒮𝒽𝒶𝓎𝓃𝒶~,"This game is tons of fun, I highly recomend it for the people who like Bioshock/The Darkness 2, it's that type of game, except a lot better in my opinion (gameplay aspect)I found myself spending hours on a level even though I knew how to complete it, just to explore the other ways to complete the level, and to explore the level itself, I also ran around trying to find every last npc to kill since the combat system/spell system is so much fun to mess around with. You'll find yourself having a great time with this game.Although there are some problems. It's a very buggy game, it's full of audio bugs and performance issues even on high end pc's. I'm not the only one who has these problems and they can get frustrating. It's a poorly optimized game. If you can live FPS drops to about 40-30 ocationally, and Audio cuts/stutters after a certain period of time, and ocational crashes, it won't be such a big problem.Anyways, negatives aside, I still recomend this game, it's still tons of fun, even with bugs/performance issues."
76561198031489939,Recommended,403640,31312896,Posted: 22 April,all,hellfire37,"Yes the performance is fixed, thats why you are browsing these reviews aint it?it sucks games now days games rarly work when they first come out but at least Bethesda fixed this one.as for all the other numerous reasons why dishonred 2 is great i dont think i need to repeat them. many reviews before me have explained it pretty well. this is a damn good game"
76561198022574857,Not Recommended,403640,29531412,Posted: 27 January,all,sean.pringle,"If you like a good story, characters with depth and a plot that makes sense, buy the original Dishonored instead."
,Recommended,403640,32419944,Posted: 14 June,all,Schlork,Very fun game!
76561198370252581,Not Recommended,403640,31084748,Posted: 11 April,all,Fyrni,"The Game seems to be very badly optimised, a lot of fps drops and stuttering even on low settings.I can't speak for the quality of the gameplay and story since it's too frustrating to play with the performance problems."
,Recommended,403640,34470849,Posted: 24 August,all,webs,A game of my late childhood that made it absolutely amazing. I reccomend it body and soul.
76561198054073596,Not Recommended,403640,33060482,Posted: 30 June,all,a_koundourakis,"Really sad to be writing this review because I was 100% sure I was going to LOVE this game, but in the end I really didn't. Mind you, I set it to Very Hard or whatever the max difficulty level is, but I found this game really repetitive. Its Dishonored 1 but with a woman and more dialogue. I miss Corvo's stealthiness, which really isn't translated well into Emily in my opinion. The guards were either really good at their job - and definetely require a raise - because in pitch black in stealth mode behind a column they found me, while others couldn't see me standing in front of their nose.I'm really looking for an awesome stealth game and this one didn't deliver and I'm really hurt because I found Dishonored 1 to be amazing, having replayed it countless times. This one, meh.I'd also like to say that the graphics are really unstable. My GPU is a top of the line AMD model and it just lagged and lagged, I was really dissappointed that max settings were so blocky."
76561198052156731,Not Recommended,403640,33057155,Posted: 30 June,all,paradox5ds,game is broken crashes
76561198312073649,Recommended,403640,29032992,Posted: 5 January,all,Aces8,So I picked up Dishonored 2 when it came out but wanted to play through Dishonored again first And heard of all thePC problems it was having and figured I would wait for a few patches.   I played through the tutorial mission and all the way up tell Emily gets put in her room I set everything to ultra with complete maxed out settings.This is my rigAsus Z97-A ATX LGA1150CPU:Intel Core i7-4790K 4.0GHzVideo Card:EVGA GeForce GTX 960 4GB SuperSCI had no issues at all and was getting around 45 to 75 fps completely maxed out. So I assume on medium settingsI would be getting 144fps as I have a 144hz monitor.  Anyway I dont have  a beast rig or anything so it must be computer related problems for so many people.Dishonored is one of my favorite games and I'm sure this one will be awesome too
,Recommended,403640,29098271,Posted: 7 January,all,the third splash lord,"Dishonored 2ProsAmazing stealth gameplay. Both characters added in the game's supernatural powers blend very well into the gameplay.Plenty of ways to take out your targets, just like the first game.Great for achievement hunters and collectors.ConsThere is no Mission Select option after completing the game, like the one from the first game.Can be bad optimization issues at times, running 40-60fps during gameplay and 20-30fps in my inventories (see profile for specs).The story of the game is a bit of a downside, I feel that it has next to no logic as to where you go and why.Side NotesI paid full price for this title. ($59.99 at release)I have 30 hours played on this title at the time of writing this review.Personally, I would recommend playing the first title in the series first before playing Dishonored 2.SummaryDishonored 2 is a great stealth game. The supernatural powers are great, and the levels are designed with them in mind, so you can easily navigate the levels. The achievement to play with no powers is also fun too, because nearly everything in the levels can be completed without the powers.The VerdictThis game is great. I would rate it a 7/10."
76561198007457857,Recommended,403640,28656717,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,gideon71,"Love this game, but for the love of Jesus can yall fix the songs of serkonas achievement. I have spent the last three hours trying to get it, yet still dont have it, it is all I need to complete the game... very frusteraring."
,Recommended,403640,31846011,Posted: 19 May,all,Khufu,My least favorite part about this game is where you can't skip the intro Arkane/Bethesda/etc plugs. You have to sit through them every time you load the game.But besides that they let you skip through almost every cutscene and dialogue. Literally playable.
76561198146243001,Recommended,403640,28868324,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Miggil,the game is sick but the first one was better
,Recommended,403640,28649154,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Pain,"I've played the first game and I loved it,I didn't played this game much yet but it's awesome BUT,it needs to receive more patches to fix the performance.I can run almost any game maxed out,but this one I need to play on medium setting to reach 50 and it's rare to hit such frames.So overall:Good game but needs some patches to be excellent"
,Recommended,403640,31576086,Posted: 6 May,all,Jesus,"TBH this game would be perfect on the previous version of their engine.Same mechanics but those idiots decided that people need fancy 4K resolution textures, and that is why you need a better hardware for this game, just for ♥♥♥♥ing 4K textures. So when you chose high settings option you will see bad blure textures with noise(FFS What?).Basically 60 gig of harddrive space is just 4K textures.And yes, there is annoying auto-saver that will save your progress everytime when you go on full chaos(FFS What?).About the game in general, it`s great. I would recommend a game but i would not recommend developers effort on this product."
76561198156458977,Recommended,403640,28921455,Posted: 1 January,all,moojox,"Now that it's actually playable, it is the best game i'v played in 2016. The storyline is immersive and attention grabbing, even soing so far as to make references to how you would have played in the previous game based on the current chaos level. The combat system is largely upgraded from dishonered 1, as you have to consider even more elements when engaging enemies. Best of all, the powers and abilities system is massivly expanced from having up to 1 upgrade per power/ability, to having up to 5 in some cases, allowing for pretty much any style of gameplay. 9.5/10"
76561197988617594,Recommended,403640,28999698,Posted: 3 January,all,Andy,"Cool game! Very similar to the first one, so if you liked that one, you will like this one too.New powers and new ways to slay your enemies! :D"
76561198130761684,Not Recommended,403640,34117336,Posted: 8 August,all,SauCy CSGOGEM.COM,"Dishonored 2:So I tried to play this game on and off, and I have to admit the gameplay is fun however there have been to many technical issues that I've experienced that have rendered the game basically unplayable to me.  For a system that has an i5 6600k and gtx 1070 in it this game shouldn't be dropping to 10 - 30 fps I understand if it did in places that had many textures to render and stuff but this game shouldn't be dropping to those levels in an enclosed space with 7 npcs and little of anything going on.  I even tried lowering the quality to try and see if it made a difference and to no surprise it did not.  Please bethesda more specifically Arkane Studios  next time please optimize the game for us PC users next time because I truly tried to love this game, but couldn't even bring myself to scratch the service of this game, and I wish I knew this before investing $20 into this game when I could've gotten another game.  And for this I'm going to have to give this game a negative review."
76561198120656516,Not Recommended,403640,34029335,Posted: 4 August,all,mdal,LIterally won't even start up to play.
76561198013186543,Not Recommended,403640,31477134,Posted: 30 April,all,the alien of ayy lmao,"Heard good things about it. Would be nice to play it, but the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ performance and crashes make it unplayable. Don't buy until they fix the optimization."
76561198111735208,Recommended,403640,28662906,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,peter.cedergren,"I offered myself this game for Xmas. I am an avid fan of Dishonored, (best game ever). After all reports of technical problems I did not have too much expectations.I felt instantly at home sneaking around. The gameplay was smooth with no problem at all. The graphic was excellent.  Don't understand what people is complaining about. Too early to say if the story is as good as before but so far it looks promising."
76561198305079995,Recommended,403640,28689959,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Ghost Pepper,Love It even the Previews are Intresting Great storyline
,Recommended,403640,27120750,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Danki Kong,Looking forward to the ending !
76561198204063280,Recommended,403640,26512083,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Taliban Dan,"This game does NOT run badly, this isnt a review just putting specs on for people wondering if their rig will run this.Im getting a steady 55-60fps.Windows 10 Home 64-biti7-3770K CPU @ 3.50GHz16gb ramNVIDIA GeForce GTX 980Acer X34 3440x1440"
,Recommended,403640,34406024,Posted: 21 August,all,Sarin,Like Dishonored but now you get to be a chick.PS: Should we gather for whiskey and cigars tonight?
76561198092506691,Not Recommended,403640,34315394,Posted: 17 August,all,goldcity1101,lately the game has been shutting down on the second part around the overseers command post... every time i load the game it shuts down around ths area steady.  can't get past this part because the steam is dissconnecting each time..
76561198057542054,Not Recommended,403640,26521625,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,nutpizza | Dorf,"This game is beautiful and extremely well put together.  So far, the story is very compelling and the character developement of emily is already great.  That being said, I have to agree with everyone else on the port.  The port is very poorly optimized.   I have to run at medium settings to get a decent 50 FPS.Win 8.116 gb RAMR9 390xi7 4790kand an ssd if that matters to anyone.All in all when it comes to the quality of the game I'd give it a 9/10.  The port, however, brings this down to a 5/10 for the nearly unplayable framerates at the higher settings.  Great game, I just wouldnt give the company any more money until they do what they are supposed to."
,Recommended,403640,27776841,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,RotiKosong,Even the techincal difficulties this game is one of the best games to come out in the year.
76561197985770933,Recommended,403640,27788583,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Mikazz,I normally don't like playing sequels since I'm getting bored quickly. This is not the case with Dishonored 2.
,Recommended,403640,26517980,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,KosherPorky,This game brings back that classic Dishonored feel in year 2016.
,Recommended,403640,26531964,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Freckles P. Kun,"It expands upon the first game in creative and enjoyable ways. It feels recognizeable and familiar, without being a bunch of the same old tricks."
,Recommended,403640,26548247,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,MeltySpice,"I just want to say, whilst the game has some issues that are in definite need of patching, after some adjustment to the settings I've got the game running at a stable frame rate on a GTX 760. In terms of the gameplay, this is an absolutely must have for Dishonored fans, and anyone that enjoys fantastically crafted stealth games. I'm currently on my first playthrough as Emily Kaldwin and I'm having a blast! Can't wait to play through the game as Corvo as well!"
76561198153367126,Recommended,403640,27322368,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Toxic_Pancake,Such a good game... it looks amazing
,Recommended,403640,27370624,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Lil ChickenStrip,"I don't know what any of these people are talking about because I have over 50 hours on this game as of 11/24/16 and the only problem i've had was my came crashing... once.  This is a worthy successor to the first game and if you liked the first, you better get your hands on this masterpiece."
,Recommended,403640,27607800,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,KnightWalkar,"Just buy the damn game it is sooooo fun even if you can only play it on the worst settings. This game is not about the graphics it is 100% about the gameplay, if you can run this game at 30fps soildly you will have fun."
,Recommended,403640,27937108,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,AdenOG csgogem.com,Game glitched out and there was a flying head in the safe room.11/10 would glitch again.
76561197968585077,Recommended,403640,27959775,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Liquid,"Very Similar to the first game. More of an elaborate expansion. Love the genre. Love Arkane, Great game, but don't expect Revolution, just evolution here."
,Recommended,403640,27767706,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,良くないです,Nice one.except loading takes quite some time.
,Recommended,403640,27388401,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,BrandonBlahhh,"This series has been a favorite of mine since I first heard the rumors about the original Dishonored. The story development ties into the world and characters so well, that its always felt like an actual universe.The quests are varied and fully fleshed out to where you can go about them in any manner of way, even more so than just the usual stealth/kill methods in Dishonored. Without spoiling too much, there are tons of hidden gems in the story levels, such as characters/items/etc...I cannot recommend this series enough, it has had some of the most compelling and straight forward gameplay of any game in a long while, IMO."
76561198024658019,Recommended,403640,27515207,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Silenekitty,This game was amazing! (ಥ﹏ಥ)
,Recommended,403640,27612462,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,✪ Eso,"This game is phenomenal. If you've played the first one and are a fan of the Thief franchise, I highly recommend this game. There are some issues with perfomance from what I've seen from other reviewers, but I haven't had any issues.My setup is:i7 6700k16GB DDR4GTX 1060 6GBROG Swift PG248Q @ 180HzI can play this game with almost everything on ultra settings @ 1080p no problem (dof disabled).This of course will vary for you depending on your hardware.More about the game:Dishonored is a game about options. You are free to play this (somewhat linear) game any way you like and it caters very well to stealthy or more aggressive players alike. Each mission can be completed in different ways and each enemy encounter you have can be approached from any angle to match your playstyle.Despite all the pros I've mentioned, I do feel like the game is a little short when compared with the first. You can spend a few hours in each mission (1-3hrs) if you really take your time and explore though."
76561197975528794,Recommended,403640,27641576,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,WarEnforcer,"I was a big fan of the first Dishonored and had high expectations for the second upon release. There were issues with framerate for some upon release and I too felt the effects. Despite this however, I enjoyed the game immensely and felt that overall it was an improvement upon the orignals formula. Both the city hubs and mission areas feel more sprawling than the first games with many more paths for approach and the new power allow the player take out enemies in fun and satisfying ways. Overall it's another great addition to the franchise that has me eager for more.10/10"
,Recommended,403640,27760478,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Jinzu,"It was a rough start. Performance was a mess, and then they fixed it. Now it works and it was just like the first Dishonored: fun."
76561198025619961,Recommended,403640,27859411,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Krombopulos Michael,"I love this game. I've never had frame rate issues like most of the other people who play the PC version. It's all been smooth sailing since day one. The story is fantastic, the stealth and combat feel great, and it has really good replayability. If you have good enough specs to run it, I would definately recomend this title."
,Recommended,403640,28018213,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,knobby,Only this game series can truly make me feel like a prick for my decisions.
76561198040852698,Recommended,403640,28173855,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Benjaman,It's great man
76561198107649622,Recommended,403640,28361600,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Arenzale,"Overall great game. However, would be nice if ""slightly increased"" was chanted to an actual percent, helping determine if creating a bonecharm would be good or not."
76561198188433855,Recommended,403640,27799376,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Ultra_J,its good but there is missing something but when you loved the dhisonored 1 you will love this
,Recommended,403640,28033741,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Uriel,"Brilliant game, really enjoyed the atmosphere, artstyle and story. If you liked Dishonored 1 then this is definitely the game for you.It still has performance issues for a lot of people which is a problem. They probably should´nt have released the game that early, and still this is one of the best games i have played in recent times."
,Recommended,403640,28129558,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,BarterClub,"Can confirm, that there is a fps issue around water; drops to 45 fps with only using 80% of gpu. Waited till Dec. 1 to buy the game due to the issue.But for the game so far i have enjoyed it like the original."
,Recommended,403640,28268372,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,2f,"Launch was terrible, one of the worst launches for a triple A game I think I have ever seen, performance issues, hell I couldn't even launch the game. After they released a few patches I was able to actually play, and I actually had a decent 120 frames on very low after a week from launch. This game is amazing, if you liked the original Dishonored then you will love this game, only problem is with bethesdas addiction to add voice actors unnesseccarily, for example corvo now has a voice, it is fitting but it kind of ruins the roleplay element and how badass corvo seemed in the original by not talking to anyone.  The story allows you to pick Emily or Corvo, the story is the same but however the powers are different, giving it some replayability, and they have added a very creative way to be loud and get no kills, which is really fun to do. Overall ignoring launch this game is so good and I would buy it if you have a high end setup. Otherwise wait until a sale and buy it for a cheap price."
76561198153237325,Recommended,403640,28340249,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,hyd_599048287,Simplified Chinese plz.
,Recommended,403640,28398465,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Dr.Yan,"After the [fairly major] performance issues were fixed, the game was playable and turned out to be extremely good. The story, gameplay, and graphics were all a worthy successor to the series first release and I’ll certainly replay the game.8.75/10"
76561197970342560,Recommended,403640,28515562,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,brsseb,"Pretty good so far. The level design is amazing!I have zero tech issues, and the game runs perfectly smoothly on my 980ti-equipped machine at 2560x1440 with most of the graphical stuff on max.Few interesting rune powers for someone doing a non-lethal game run. I cant wait for my second kill-everything-that-moves game run!"
,Recommended,403640,27855696,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Mercury,"I pre-ordered because that's how I roll...lol.Seriously though, I rarely pre-order but I did in this case because I'm a big fan of the original and wanted to get this asap. The game started and played from day one with auto-detected settings of High. My FPS have averaged 50 with the occassional 40 low and 60 high. The only minor annoyance was the rare mouse speeding up when turning which was disconcerting. One of the patches fixed that. I have had zero crashes and have not noticed any bugs.I absolutely LOVE the game. It's Dishonored and more. The story detail via the dialogue, books, notes is engrossing. The level designs have so many different ways to achieve your goal. The new powers are fun and the old are a pleasure to see again, and the enemy AI is much harder to deal with and can be quite challenging, especially on the harder settings. I've got close to 60 hours ingame.Now there are a lot of people who have had real issues running this game. Running it well or even running it at all. People with PC specs that by all accounts should have no issues. People who have stated their PCs are above the minimum and even above the recommended requirements. These are real issues for these people. Arkane has released 2 patches currently and are working on another update. They are trying to fix all reported issues. For some, the patches have already helped, for others, they still exist. Hopefully, those also will be resolved soon.Finally, I want anyone who bothers to read this review to know that just because some people have had issues, doesn't mean that you will. It also doesn't mean you wont. The only way to tell is by buying it and testing it for yourself. This is an advantage of buying through Steam. Steam allows a refund for up to 4 hours of play or 2 weeks of ownership. You will know within the 1st hour or two if you can run it. If you can't, dont waste time trying to fix it. Get a refund and wait until a later time. The gameplay is amazing and should be given a try. If you liked Dishonored, you will love Dishonored 2. That is a fact.My specs:AMD FX-8350 Black Edition Vishera 8-Core 4.0 GHz (4.2 GHz Turbo)GIGABYTE GeForce GTX 970 G1 4GB Windforce Gaming OC EditionG.SKILL Ripjaws X Series 16GB DDR3ASUS TUF SABERTOOTH 990FX R2.0 Motherboard500GB SATA III SSD boot drive1TB HDD game drive1680x1050 Monitor ResolutionWindows 7 Pro 64bit"
,Recommended,403640,28111939,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,trust me im like a smart person,"Very, very good game. I've had no issues running this game. It runs perfectly smoothly for me 60fps+ on ultra high graphics. Great game! 10/10"
76561198010029995,Recommended,403640,28177157,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,SicPete,FOLLOWS ON FROM THE FIRST GAME PERFECTLYruns perfect on my msi nvidia 970gtx windows 7 64my first play though lasted 8 hrs only up to mission 3watchdogs 2 was 2 hrs and i havent playd it again10/10
,Recommended,403640,28265592,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Rithm,"Hardest difficulty strikes a good balance between challenging yet doable. Amazing graphics and audio, voice acting is great, AI is competent, old skills are revamped, new maps are exspansive and jampacked with lore, and Emily's skills are way cooler than Corvo. Far Reach is too stylish. The newest updates completely fixed all framerate issues for me, so I was able to enjoy the whole game with high framerate.Save for the most disappointing launch since No Man's Sky, this game definitely earns the $60, and I can't wait to try out the various playstyles in the numerous playthroughs I have planned."
,Recommended,403640,28290805,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,pignig,"Running on 1080 GTX perfectly fine, Amazing game with a few technical issues.The only one I ever seem to notice is that the audio goes in and out a few times every level. I have noticed 1 or 2 graphical errors but very small. Of course this is still unacceptable for a game to be released like this, however the game itself is amazing.Dishonored 2 takes everything Dishonored was and amplifies the entire experience. By far my favorite game to have played through."
,Recommended,403640,28321053,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,mrtunnelvision,"PC SpecsCPU - i5 6600k 3.5 GHz.GPU - EVGA GTX 760 SCMB - ASUS Z170 PRO GAMINGRAM - G. SKill Ripjaws V Series 16GB 3400Monitor - ASUS VP247H-P (x2)I enjoy the Dishonored 2 experience, I haven't had the same issues that seem to affect others gameplay. I thorougly enjoyed the storyline and if you enjoyed the original you should play this."
76561198149806890,Recommended,403640,28444724,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Chemical Angel,"Now, Dishonored 2 is a complicated experience. It is horribly optimized. We need to start there. On the best PCs, it'll barely maintain 80 fps. On my PC, I can maintain 45 fps on medium, or 60 on low. That's the main problem, and I have no complaints about the creative aspect of the game! This is a wonderful game, and I think the developers have succeeded in the incredibly difficult task of creating a game better than the first. I can, without a doubt, recommend this game wholeheartedly from the creative aspect. I would caution restraint, however. It might be best to hold off on this game until it has been patched more, and it better optimized. You should see whether your desire to play this game will outweigh your potential frustration at getting very low fps. I will recommend this game, but not at this time. Hold off, would be my recommendation."
76561198013426691,Recommended,403640,28478829,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,][Ace of Spades][,"TLDR VersionPros:Interesting Story LineFun Game PlayEndless ways to play with the addition of Character SelectionCons:Requires up to date hardware (but honestly we could all appreciate an upgrade)Side Objectives and ending fell unrewarding and Lack Substance.(In my opinion)I'll be honest when I first fired the game up I was getting a solid 5 frames per second. Don't even remember what my old Graphics card was<but it was old, that's for sure. But I was excited to play the game that I tried to tough through it< because it wasn't to bad at times. little did I know that Dishonored 2 make Dishonored look like child's play. So I up graded to a EVGA GeForce GTX 1060. Runs mostly Flawlessly on Ultra now. I've just finished my first game playing Emily, sneaking around and attempting to be Non-Lethal.Kind of a shell shock, playing with different abilities. Emily does have some interesting abilities, however I feel as though Corvo will feel a little more like home in comparison. It seems to have more side objectives than there were in the first one but they seem unimportant, unrewarding, and with out substance. alot of them were talked up to altering the course of events, such as changing the outcome of side characters, however the difference seems to be minute and not worth the effort, except to make you feel good, like you did the right thing.This is all just mostly nit-picking. My 2 real complaints are that:1. The end game cinematic that shows you the results of your actions seems very lack-luster. I non-lethally eliminated every target, and ""saved"" every one that wasn't a mission critcal target.( if you've played you know what I mean) However the end cinematic consisted of 4 slides, and hardly boasted about your actions in the game. Maybe it's just the prideI have in how hard I tried, and how long to took me to do it but really what the hell. TELL ME HOW GREAT I AM!2. Heres the big one, and I have to say i'm a little offended by this one. What the ♥♥♥♥ is up with that boss fight? Any one who has played The first one surly remembers the Return to the Tower Mission, followed by the Flooded District, them followed by The Loyalists. all 3 very high stake semi timeconsuming and difficult Missions, and the storyline progression was, in my opinion, ♥♥♥♥ing incredible. In Dishonored 2 I would have been more satisfied with the game ending at the Grand Palace and offering the Final mission as an optional DLC. And even after beating it the 15 second cinematic before the final reveal of your actions, just leaves it feeling very anticlimactic.Despite all these things, I would recommend this game. Not a ""Must Play"" but definitly fun and enthralling, during the beginning and middle Game play. definitly delivers on the story line, it just seems like there is more that could be done with it. Everyone has different tastes< so you may not like it, but I would definitly recommend especially if you enjoyed the story of the first game. I'd give it a 7/10."
,Recommended,403640,27328552,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Bubbaphet,"I have the frame limiter set at 75fps and it is always pegged out at 75fps, at 1080p on ultra,  so performance issues are fixed,  at least on a 1070.This is one of the few games that I like the sequel more than the original,  and I loved the first Dishonored.   This game is absolutely epic!"
,Recommended,403640,27511733,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,zopin,"This game runs quite well despite having a mediocre computer. Definitely recommend to any fan of the Dishonered series, but the best was first Dishonored in the end, they make great work and i belive they fix the drop fps with GPU 1060,70 blablabla. So what i can say, I was realy enjoying this game and I hope the next time, they will do a great job with next game... :)"
,Recommended,403640,27573972,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Cristari,Love this game it is everything so far that I expected a wonderfull follow up to the ooriginnal.
76561198085919942,Recommended,403640,27575776,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Calico Jack,Interesting story. Just like old times.10/10
76561198069038943,Recommended,403640,27913920,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,girlrika,"Glad I waited for the lastest patch. It seems that fixed things for many people. I bought it post-patch, updated my video card with the 16.11.4 drivers (AMD), set everything to ultra, and it just played flawlessly. No further tweaking required.Over all a wonderful game. I think I'll be playing it over as Corvo next..."
76561198144814965,Recommended,403640,27958497,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Daraclore,"Interestingly I've beaten this game without any major issues, using 1080p ultra settings (except anti aliasing) with an R9 270X, AMD 8350 and 8gb of RAM (On windows 7, I'm avoiding windows 10 like the rat plague)Sure, I get the occasional lag spike, but never anything bad enough to affect my game. but the important thing is that I never opted into the beta patch. (can't speak on the mouse issues as I never use the mouse for gaming if the controller is an option.)I love the game, and I'm glad I decided to risk it rather than let other peoples issues with the game keep me from buying. I just hope that the patch that fixes the problems most people are having, doesn't break my game in the process."
,Recommended,403640,28112055,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Vycodyn,"Incredibly satisfying story with a few narrative missteps right at the end that actually serve as really awesome lessons to writers and other storymakers.  Further, the voice acting cast was absolutely killer - Rosario Dawson, Vincent D'Onofrio, Sam Rockwell, Robin Lord Taylor, Michael Madsen all lended their talents well.  Even further, some of the chapters were absolutely ingenious in terms of planning and the individual stories they wove; Chapters 3, 4, and 7 were all executed flawlessly and deserve praise for their intelligent design - and I can't say enough about the world design.  One of the best I've played all year; well worth the price of entry."
76561198046437961,Recommended,403640,28148993,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,ash,"Gr8 game only played 2 missions in 4 hours because there's so much you can do! Didn't run at first, but after a patch it works. I'm playing on low (my pc is bad) and getting 60-100 FPS. Using AMD gfx and CPU, if ur still running at low fps try turning the 30 fps cap off in video settings, that helped me"
,Recommended,403640,28149064,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Adjicio,"Yes the game suffered from bad optimization at launch, but the developers are working quickly and seem to have resolved that for most people. By chance I was able to play from launch without any significant lag, and have since completed my first run through the game.Overall, I think it's excellent. I felt Dishonored 1 had more depth in terms of story, music, and pure atmosphere. But Dishonored 2 clearly wins in terms of gameplay mechanics, level design, and range of character customization. So Dishonored 2 is a worthy successor to the first in my view, and is especially worth picking up when on sale as it is now.My only major criticism is that there are some key points-of-no-return in some of the levels that should definitely have at least SOME warning in front of them. [Minor Spoiler: In the Dust District/Aramis Stilton's Mansion levels, be sure you do everything you want to do BEFORE you go through any doors that require a combination lock be solved]"
,Recommended,403640,28222024,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,BrickermanPalooza,"Performance issues marred the launch of what would have otherwise been a perfect game. At this time, the game is relatively stable, and I have had a grand time playing it. It's a worthy successor to the first game, and better in many respects. The combat feels even more fluid and challenging, and while Corvo's powers largely remain the same, Emily boasts a wide range of new and interesting ones. Admitedly the story feels like a bit of a rehash (you're framed for a crime you didn't commit and now you need to hunt down and eliminate those who framed you), but I think this is excused by the fact that Karnaca and its inhabitants feel like a living, breathing world, full of wonders and mysteries to explore. Each character has depth, and their interactions with you change depending on how you play the game. Like the original Dishonored, there is a Chaos system, which tracks the amount of people you kill and what sort of decisions you make. Choosing to play non-lethally will result in a more positive outcome, and vice versa. The stealth gameplay is delightfully difficult; there are a large variety of ways to approach each and every situation, and careful planning is rewarded. The AI are also noticeably smarter, and more observant. All in all, Dishonored 2 is a well-crafted, intriguing game that is a joy to play."
76561198134354416,Not Recommended,403640,28225238,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,SETTLER,Open The door ( CRASH )Shot to kill ( CRASH )Crash... Crash
76561198051755671,Recommended,403640,28357190,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,jasonhawkins41,"Great game! worked fine for me on max settings, but the ending is a little bit of a let down. Still very good!"
76561198114053186,Recommended,403640,28409616,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Fluff,"This game is pretty good and I've put a pretty good chunk of time into this game. The only issues that I've experienced are small graphics and performance things, if you're having a weird view distance issue, try turning on TXAAx1 and turning the sharpness all the way up, that fixed it for me."
,Recommended,403640,28457718,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Tjmat1999,The optimization for lower end computers is not the best but if your computer is decent and can run it one of the best games i have played in a long long time.
76561197993482194,Recommended,403640,28411004,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Mallardwthacold,"I had a little trouble initially because everytime I opened the game it would default to the lowest possible resolution.  I then realized it was because the Nvidia GeForce Experience was trying to apply optimal settings to settings that didn't exist in the game.  Once I set everything manually I was able to play on high graphics with a GTX 970 without any issues.  Fun gameplay, more options for stealth powers, beautifully designed areas.  I'd recommend it to anyone who enjoyed the first game.  The only disappointment really is that your first game choices don't carry over at all, but it hardly matters."
,Recommended,403640,27844089,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Flatlander's delight,"Just to be honest I won't be complaining about optimization, because excluding optimization Dishonored 2 is awesome sequel and game. Developers took everything that worked good in the first game and made it better. Powers became more flexible, and bonecharms now can be crafted for better effect. And yeah, new folding blade model is just pure beauty!"
,Recommended,403640,28126068,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,ar.aldukkan,"a great game that is an improvement over Dishonored 1 in everyway, the technical issues at launched are fixed - i haven't encountred any - so dont let the overall (mixed) reviews turn you off."
,Recommended,403640,28148161,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,BoboForShort,Amazingly fun. I think the gameplay is even better than the first game. It's nice to play the DLC for the first game before playing this though as you get a lot more backstory which is nice.As for performance. I'm running a GTX980Ti and I was able to power through before the update. After the update it runs like butter.
76561198072443826,Recommended,403640,28154929,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,IPROJUST4KIX,I don't know why this game is mixed I have had a wonderful expeirence haven't dropped below 60 fps and very much so enjoy t he new aspects with emily. The story is really well done too I would say that this game surpassed Dishonored 1 by a longshot and there are so many new possibilities with the new content.
76561198006216948,Recommended,403640,28268967,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Padpaw,"Apparently having a 3000 dollar gaming computer is what this game is optimized for.  Which is quite insane in my opinion.  Anything less will have massive framerate problems.Although even with said computer the textures are quite blurry I find.  Fair amount of graphic pop ins badly done.If you do have said expensive computer the game is alright.  No fps drops, no lag runs just like any other game.It's a good sequel although some of the choices you are goven I found to be rather pointless.  In keeping with the first game the ""nice"" options are always worse than just straight out killing your targets.While low chaos is interesting, the premise is flawed.  If you only defend yourself when attacked and not go out of your way to murder everything you are still penalized for killing even if it's only to not die.There are basically 2 ways to play this game which makes it for a mediocre style.  you either spare your enemies or kill them.  You cannot mix as far as I have seen.I still rather enjoyed the game."
,Recommended,403640,34723161,Posted: 3 September,all,ApexWolf,It was fun for the 10 hours that it lasted...
,Not Recommended,403640,29751078,Posted: 6 February,all,Dreadelus,"Straight to the PointDishhonerd 1 was a great game with a new Kind of Graphic Style and awsome StoryLine , i Would recommend it 2 eveyone who Bought the Second game ( and the ones who wanna Try the games Atleast) to palys it,I've Seen the Gameplay of Dishonerd 2 , its awsome and  Better Story Line than the first one ,You can Play with both Corvo  and Emily , and palying with Emily is much more fun for the ones who played the first one since her abilities are Awsome , playing with Corvo is Fun aswell ,the reason i'm NOT RECOMMENDING THIS GAME to you is : the game is Poorly Optimized , even with a Good pc with acceptable hardware ( for most of the games on running games on Ultra ) the optimization sucks ,yeah they Already gave us tons of updates but the game is still broken , the environment looks like a burining picture , the FPs drops even on LOW setting , the sutters and ... made the game i dont say not unplayable , but not enjoyable , to avoid this you need to spend more than 300 $ so ...Bethasda showed us Tons of great game with good peroformance but this game , it Ruined everything , its almost the same as Batman AKthe reason i've played this game for a few hours is because i can't enjoy the gamelags , Fps drops ,  low quality graphics , The Graphics Are almost the same as first one , yeah better textures and rendering , but it shouldn't have these kind of problemsso until bethesda or Arkane doesnt fix this game , ill try not 2 play this game , we buy a game to enjoy it for a couple Hours and not worry about Crashes and bad performance ...anyways i hope this Review helped ya"
76561198326242924,Not Recommended,403640,30642106,Posted: 20 March,all,mirrorworldman,"crashes all the time, will not load. will boot you out of the game. will freeze. etc etc"
76561198026119732,Not Recommended,403640,35037760,Posted: 17 September,all,dcard414,Randomly changes resolution when I start the game every once in a while. Which wouldn't be an issue if the game diddn't then run so horribly due to the wrong resolution that it wont load to the main menu without jumping through hoops.
76561198097552402,Not Recommended,403640,35094153,Posted: 20 September,all,arpack,"Incredibly buggy, tons of random crashes even after installing and reinstalling. I have dual monitors with different resolutions, and no matter what settings or config hacks I try, I cannot get it to open on my primary monitor. It is so distorted on the other monitor that I can't even read the text, I have to go look up screenshots of the menu to make my way towards the ""choose defaul monitor"" option. Which works for a little, but then surprise surprise, it's messed up again next time I try to play.I'm sure the game is great, but I can't recommend anything where the developers can't handle two monitors and can't figure out how to persist setting changes between restarts. If you only have one monitor or like the default settings, you're probably fine though :)PS. Oh, did I mention that in order to change these particular graphics settings, it requires a restart? Which immediately resets them."
,Recommended,403640,26532326,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,rob,"I lag in the menu. That's cool I guessDespite the poor performance, it's actually pretty fun."
,Recommended,403640,26585963,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,musicmakerwill,I absolutely love this. I am a huge fan of the first one and am extremely pleased with this one. There is alot of changes in here that i love. I love playing as emily. I love all the new mechanics in this. 10/10 for me. A lot of people i see now early on are complaing about graphics related stuff but its new give it some time and enjoy the game
76561198081403272,Recommended,403640,26590678,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,The Hacker Known as 4chan,"Haven't played too much but this kinda needs to be said (tl;dr at the end)The only real problem with the games seems to be with the port alone. From the looks of it, whether the game will open at all or run at playable state is hit or miss. My mid range pc plays it alright and I havent noticed anything major with it but I've seen people with high end rigs saying that it wont workThat being said its a really enjoyable game. I didn't have high hopes seen as the last two games I got excited for ( FO4 and MAFIA 3 ) were let downs. I have only a couple hours put in and thats mainly exploring. The worlds are very open with a lot to see in some parts. I've noticed theres more lore added in but I could have just missed it in the last game. Theres also the added challange of civilians mixed in some areas which adds a lot of depth. The new characters are interesting and well designed. Overall its just enjoyable and I hope it doesnt wear out with more gameplaytl;dr - Good game, hit or miss whether it will run well/at all"
,Recommended,403640,26689988,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,cG.Catpurran,If Bioshock and Sly Cooper had a baby...this would be it.
,Recommended,403640,26690916,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,123,"Extremely good, Mission 7 especially"
,Recommended,403640,26766635,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,AidenJPS SuperiorServers.co,TAKE BACK WHATS YOURSBY LOOKING AT THE GROUND TO KEEP FPS UP
,Recommended,403640,26964367,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Fiirus,"This game is great and I enjoyed it, Just like the first and I have nothing to complain about. It was a bit short and DLC would be cool."
76561197964511266,Recommended,403640,27068887,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Roe Jogan,"I have a GTX 1070, an i5 6600 @ 3.30GHz, and run this game at (almost) ultra settings. I get between 80-100 FPS, with some noticable drops with fire and bloodflies. Now, to the important part.This game is absolutely amazing.If you enjoyed the first, you WILL enjoy this game. It's Dishonored 1 on steroids. Every level has an unbelievable amout of space to explore, and lore to absorb. The games atmosphere is unbeatable, and on par with (if not better than) the first. The attention to detail here is mind blowing.This game is giving me the same feelings I had while playing HL2, and Bioshock 1. That's big."
,Recommended,403640,28237368,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,AdamO79PL,"I was worried that those colosal morons from Bethesda will ruin this game for me just like they've ruined Fallout. Luckily, it seems they stood back and had let guys from Arkane do their job; and what an awesome job they've done. Dishonored 2 is a solid, well designed and executed, sequel to the first installment of this franchise. I sincerely hope Arkane will give us Disnohored 3 one day."
76561198074707367,Recommended,403640,34420327,Posted: 22 August,all,January 13,Masterpiece <3
76561197997871777,Recommended,403640,28232586,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,ToddyMcHotty,i dont know what people are saying about the freeze ups and glitches. this game runs great and just as good as the 1st. i would highly recomend it to though who love the 1st
,Recommended,403640,26523666,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,mrdeadguy34,Great game much like the first but theyve expanded and definitely do not feel theyve went backwards with this. Very interesting getting to choose your character at the start and even getting the chance to refuse the outsider mark.Only con is the performance but arkane studios are looking into it and im sure it'll be fixed.
,Recommended,403640,26560944,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Approximaton.TKK,"Having a blast so far. I didn't find a lot wrong with Dishonored, and this is more Dishonored.Not experiencing any of the issues that others are; easily way over 60FPS all the time @1080p w/i6700k (4.6gHz), 1070, 16GB DDR4. Everything set to Ultra."
76561197990344398,Recommended,403640,26520846,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Your401kPlan,"okay, this game is fantastic, most if not all people on here giving it bad reviews are people who are upset that it isn't optimized before it's actual release date. I feel like this game is well worth the money and I am very satisfied with my purchase, I suspect you will feel the same if you are a fan of the genre or want to try something new. This game absolutely is a sequel done right."
,Recommended,403640,26696444,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Super Hans,"The game has its issues, some are fixable and its atleast playable for me in the sense that I bother to go on.(Specs are i7-5820K, 2 way SLi MSI GTX 980, 16GB RAM, game installed on HDD)Im only at the first real mission and so far I am enjoying myself alot despite the issues, this is one of those games that are so fun to play that you can overlook the issues. Seriously, im having way too much fun to complain, think of it more like a really really good early access game.It feels like the problems will be patched out pretty fast, im no programmer, but these minor issues cant be that hard to fix.Recommended."
,Recommended,403640,26756294,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,KeepinItGrimeey,After three playthroughs and half way into my fourth I'd say this is my game of the year. I had some problems with performance at first but when running at medium preset setting everything was fine. Now with the patches I can run everything on high without any problems. Love this game and the story line is equally as good if not better than the original. Playing The Knife of Dunwall & Brigmore Witches DLC for the first Dishonored really adds to the experience.
,Recommended,403640,26937554,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Freeman,"I have no problems playing this game and I have a Geforce GTX 1060, Core i7 3770K @ 3.50GHz with 16 gigs of RAM. I run this game on all Ultra settings and I have noticed no lag. This game is very well made with oodles of detail in all corners of each map. This game truely gives you the freedom to play as you like- do you go in guys ablazing or find a back way in undected? Excellent voice acting, excellent soundtrack, very detailed,  and VERY immerserve! Highly recommended!"
76561198002812799,Recommended,403640,27042871,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Noalaa,"The game itself is amazing. The gameplay and the story are fluid. The stotyline is an epic continuation of the first story complete with references to all the original DLCs. I've thoroughly enjoyed playing as Emily and plan on playing Corvo next. The game is beautiful in its own right and the play your way style is highly adaptive, more so i think than the original.I persoanlly have no major gripes about the game and I run ona  mid-range PC. My son, who also plays, stated his only complains were the weird mouse sensitivity (which I agree with) and the changinf of the the Outsider's voice talent (as the Outsider is his favorite supporting character (I myself have no qualms with the new actor)). I've only experieience 3 glitches to date (and one I'm not sure was a glitch). The first was a crash I experieinced when crafting a 3-prong bone charm which caused a crash every time, once I progressed a little farther the crash went away. The second was  when I crafted my first 2 4-prong bonecharms and they instantly duplicated (not sure if this is intended or not). The last one came in the form of a corrupted save file that wouldn't load, which I deleted and haven't had again. The first major patch fixed any issues that I had with mouse sensitivity and it seems to have smoothed the graphics as well.Overall, even with a nasty PC launch I think the game is great and any glitches I've experienced have NOT taken fromt he game for me. I highly recommend it to my friends that enjoyed the first game."
,Recommended,403640,26570506,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Nathan,"It's a shame that the performance issues on PC for this game are so widespread because the game itself is an absolute masterpiece. I am a little miffed that this was released with such issues when some testing could have easily spotted this, it's difficult for me to believe that they had no idea about it and released it anyway. This issue has marred the release but hopefully once it has been patched people can look past what was an initial error from the game's developers and see what is frankly one of the best games in years. Hopefully some of the negative reviews will change to positive reviews once the issues with performance on PC is fixed."
76561198056791961,Recommended,403640,26591881,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Inksy,Loving this game ... it remind me of the first and is quite enjoyable ....I am getting a few optimization issues causing my framerates to drop but a quick save quit to main menu and reload of my game fixes it so optimisation hasnt stopped me yet ^_^
76561198010238516,Recommended,403640,26592142,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Protec,"windows 10 (recomended)intel core i7-4790 3,6 ghZ (recomended)8 gb ram (minimum)GeForce GTX 960 2gb (2 months out of date driver) (minimum)around 50 to 60 fps most places and 40 fps when i look out on a big open area (clockwork mansion outside entrance) on medium graphics.after the update to make it more stable:19/12-16between 40 and 60 fps on max graphics.great game, great story, 2 different characters with different powers and many possible ways to go trought each map so its a replayable game just like the first dishonored game.i recommend you buy it and if your computer cant run the game then wait for the patch that they have promised or get a refund. just make sure you atleast over minimum :)NEW SPECS:27/07-17windows 10 (recomended)intel core i7-4790 3,6 ghZ (recomended)16 gb ram (recomended)GeForce GTX 1060 6gb  (recomended)stable 80 fps on max graphics."
,Recommended,403640,26549608,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Viking Mom,"Many people are having issues with framerate and audio bugs. I am not however and for those who are having issues, there will be a patch to fix it soon. The story so far has been wonderful and I definitely already have a connection with the main character. You can play as emily or Corvo and I'm interested to see how the storyline differs from each perspective."
,Recommended,403640,26568304,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,RaveN_SM,"Great game. ""If you liked Dishonored then you will like Dishonored 2."""
,Recommended,403640,26590819,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Ly,"Positives:- awesome music, in line with first game, very atmospheric- choice of two playable characters with different set of abilities- blink is as awesome as ever- new location is just as good, if not better, than Dunwall- clockwork mansion is an awesome concept- decent story- harder than first game- stealth seems to be more challenging now with how much easier you get spotted- more nonlethal options!- you can actually check stats to see if you accidentally killed someone, thus ruining your no-kill runNegatives:- I'm not a fan of Outsider's new VA- limited save slots - two autosaves, one quicksave, couple manual slots - they run out fast, would prefer it to be unlimited [possible patch will handle it, hopefully]- it's not possible to replay missions - you need to reload a save which... what?Neutrals:- voice acting ranges from weak to decent, no memorable performances there- story could be betterConclusion:It's definitely playable and enjoyable after patch 1.2. I love this game.edit: my rig for posterity. GTX 980 4GB, 16GB DDR4 RAM,  i5-6600K 3.50GHz, Win10 Pro x64. Running game on very high with some config tweaks"
76561197991760521,Recommended,403640,26703204,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,thorisalaptop,"Dishonored was wonderful, and Dishonored 2 is mostly more of the same, and that's a very good thing. The level design is still masterful, the powers are still tons of fun to play around with, and the writing and world-building are still among the best in the industry.Where changes have been made, they are also welcome. Emily is a fun protagonist, and her powers are different enough from Corvo's to encourage different tactics. New enemies, like the clockwork soldiers, also make for a nice challenge (and a nice opportunity to vent your violent urges if you're doing a no-kill run).On the negative side, it seems many people are still reporting performance issues, though I didn't encounter this. I did get some weird graphical glitching a few times that required restarting the game: it seemed to happen immediately after launching or not at all, so it wasn't a huge deal since it didn't interrupt me while I was in the middle of playing.The biggest issue for me is that Dishonored 2 seems, overall, buggier than it's predecessor. There were two bugs  I noticed repeatedly: First, the clipping seemed a bit aggressive at times, which would prevent me from crawling through some small spaces unless I approached them jusssst right. Not a huge deal, but in a situation where you're trying to hide quickly before you're spotted it can be annoying. The other bug I encountered was that enemy AI would sometimes randomly decide to go into high-alert mode and go looking for me, shouting things like ""where is she?"": they would do this when I had not been spotted at all, ever (I did a ghost run), when they were full buildings or streets away from me, and on levels where I hadn't even killed or knocked out anybody yet, so there wasn't anything to trigger them. Kinda funny, really, but also a shame since it kind of disrupt's the game's otherwise excellent atmosphere & sense of ""reality"".For me, at least, those bugs ended up being minor annoyances. If you're not affected by performance woes, then Dishonored is just as magnificent as its predecessor and well worth your time."
,Recommended,403640,26732899,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Chattox,"Under the performance issues, it's a glorious game. The recent patch and Nvidia driver have made a definite improvement to performance, so it's clearly something that's going to be fixed eventually. If you want to buy it and play it right now, I'd say maybe wait a bit, but I still recommend the game as when it's patched it will be excellent."
76561198035731122,Recommended,403640,26741827,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,kiresquire,Running this game on a GTX 1070 and haven't had any issues with it. The game is pretty smooth and well worth the 60$ price tag.
76561198031002025,Recommended,403640,26752847,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Iridium11,"Overall a fantastic game. It's that now classic dishonored feel with improvements in all the right places. My only concern is it runs a bit slow, but that doesn't deserve a thumbs down, in my opinion."
,Recommended,403640,26796684,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,ᴀsʜᴇɴ ᴏɴᴇ,"Dishonored 2 is the sequel to the best game I have ever played, and there's a lot about this game that I love over the first, and a few things the first game has over its sequel. This review is based on my playthroughs with the game on its original version, v 1.1 and v 1.2.*may be a little bit spoiler-ish but not too much*{} PROS: {}- There's SO MUCH freedom and the game wants you to experiment with the crazy powers.- Combat is much more refined, strategic and precise compared to the first game, and there's far more powers that compliment a guns ablaze approach now.- The AI is somewhat more realistic and believeable (sometimes) this time around and reacts to some events in a more approproate manner.- Aside from their powers, I love the small differences between the two playable characters, Emily & Corvo, like the way they hold their swords, their different kill animations, and how Emily runs with her hands out and Corvo runs with them clenched in a fist.- Some of the locations in the game are truly unique and crazy to look at, such as Jindosh's mechanical mansion.- The enhancements to Corvo's powers make him feel very different than how he did in the first game, and Emily's powers are a lot of fun (though a little OP).- The game is pretty damn gorgeous (now that I can run with on ultra w/ the 1.2 patch).- There's a certain twist in the story if you chose to look around towards the end of the game that blew my mind, and will certainly catch your attention if you played both of the DLC w/ Daud from the first game.{} CONS: {}- Even with the 1.2 Patch, it occasionally stutters but it's nothing major anymore.- The main story is pretty straightforward and almost every mission has its own sort of gimmick and that's all that it feels like.- (side note, I really don't like Corvo's voice. It doesn't fit him at all imo.)- There's very little build up to the encounter with most of the targets.CONCLUSION - This game is ridiculously fun, has an insane amount of replay value, and there's so much content packed into its near 10 hour story that replaying it multiple times is still an absolute blast. Treat yourself and buy this♥♥♥♥♥♥♥game because you won't regret it (unless you tried to max this game out on day one)."
,Recommended,403640,26902056,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Taterino,"I love this game. I played the first Dishonored about 6 months ago, quite recently relative to it's release in late 2012. I played the crap out of the game on my friends PC, about 100 hours, 15 or so playthroughs because there was so much to do, so many ways to play. Dishonored 2 was brought to my attention in June of 2016 at E3; after the E3 2015 teaser I didn't think much about it. But I got really hyped up for it, I waited and waited with my calendar marking down the days, and I spend about $1000 essentially building a new PC, minus the HDD and PSU. Dishonored 2 lived up to all the hype, and here are the reasons I think you should buy it in ranking order.1. Gameplay: The gameplay here is expanded about 3-4 times as much as the original, they added so many more animations for lethal and non-lethal takedowns, added many more NPC's to interact with, and made the environments huge, each level with it's own unique twist on gameplay (Whether or not you play each one in it's unique way is of course up to you). More weapon and upgrade options are an added bonus too.2. Characters: As you may already know, there are twofullyplayable main protagonists, Corvo Attano and Emily Kaldwin. Corvo's powers have been expanded with options like freezing time during blink while stadning still on the ground or in air, and having his rat swarm(s) follow him around. With out spoiling too many new powers, Emily has her own form of a blink, and other cool powers like Domino, linking targets together so that they share the same fate, whatever that may be, and Doppleganger, summoning a ""shade"" of herself that can be upgraded to do thinks like assassinate nearby enemies and trade places with Emily.3. Story: This may rank higher or lower on this list depending on what you thought of Dishonored's emergent story, but if you enjoyed the first game's way of storytelling, you will enjoy it yet again in Dishonored 2. The main story is good, there are some holes, like the events during the first 10 or so minutes, but once you get going, you will start to appreciate some of the nuances. A lot of the story and exposition (background info) is found through notes, audiographs, diaries, journals, etc.. scattered throughout the environments. If you rush through, you will miss important information, and some of the pieces you find will give you different options for finding and taking out your targets. Listening to conversations is also more important this time around, as it will sometimes reveal secrets and hidden objectives in the surroundings.4. Environments/Graphics: As I talked about in the Story and Gameplay sections, the environments look amazing even when the don't run well (while I'll get into in the Performance section). They feel alive, there is lots of solid NPC dialogue to overhere, and there is never one ""right"" or ""straight"" path when it comes to finding and eliminating your targets. There are hidden routes just like there were in the first game, special NPCs to find and eliminate or rescue/help/ Overall it feels alive, and Karnaca includes way more colors than the sometimes dreary looking Dishonored (1) did. The graophics are stunning and breathtaking in the Void Engine, and when you crank it to the max it is hard not to look around and want to stay in Karnaca.5. Performance/Graphics Continued: I built a brand new PC with an EVGA GTX 1070 SC and an Intel i5 6600 (non k) with 16 GB of RAM. I have had no issues at all with the mouse and keyboard controls or the framerate, but I did have to take about 90 seconds to install a 3rd party program called ""Process Hacker 2"" to get Dishonored 2 to stop putting itself at low CPU priority, otherwise the game would have significant input delay. Everything on ultra settings, full anti-aliasing, the particles look great, character models are much improved (as you would expect over 4 years) everything maxed except for the stupid lens flare and motion blur. People do not have camera lenses in their eyes, and I like to save motion blur for console games (no offense intended).BUTI will warn you that these were brand new parts, in my brand new PC and many other people have not been as lucky as I have been. There is a good chance that this game will not run satisrfactory, and if you are on what Bethesda and Arkane consider ""older"" hardware you might have to play on lower settings than you would expect, and even then you will probably have problems until they patch it within the coming weeks.Personal Score: 10/10 This game is a masterpiece, easily game of the year for me.Score: 8.5/10 This game is great for me, but I cannot give it a 10/10 reccomendation to everyone just because of the performance issues, which is a real bummer.Conclusion: I think this game is super duper fun, but I don't think it would be fun to be having the problems others are having, and I don't think it is fun enough to just ignore the issues, especially when they ruin the moment to moment gameplay, which I think is Dishonored 2's strongest aspect. If you were already hesitant, hold off for a few weeks, maybe get it for Christmas (if you celebrate it). If you really want the game though, and aren't super worried about your hardware then I would get it. Hope that eventually everyone can have as much fun as I did! Enjoy!"
,Recommended,403640,26903557,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,RoY.,"Everything is about the atmosphere who is simply one of the best, served by a great level design.If you liked the first episode you will like this one even more."
76561197960532296,Recommended,403640,26541663,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,bob,"Great game, perfomance seems pretty ok for me at least. The one issue I'm having is with the audio, sometimes it cuts for a short duration. For example during a dialogue the audio coming from the conversation disappears while the rest keeps going like the background noise and such. Also the cutscenes are a bit buggy."
,Recommended,403640,26549189,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Tony the Trouser Snake,it is fun
76561198078395282,Recommended,403640,26549721,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Plump Machine Gunner,"Love the game and its world, the movement and story also are great !However, we might want to wait untill the performance fix is out before we can actually have FUN :(But still I love this game"
,Recommended,403640,26570070,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Xelias,"If you mix a total restriction on review copies for the press and a bad, buggy launch, the PC community isn't going to be happy. So, bethesda : fix your♥♥♥♥♥♥About my experience : it was pretty good, I've a fairly good system and I'm running the game at 60, with drops to 45 on some levels, in a juttery way. Lots of people are experiencing♥♥♥♥♥♥framerate though.About the game itself : It's a GREAT sequel. It takes the good things about dishonored and does a victory lap, not over-bloating with dumb stuff but perfecting the game's mechanics, nothing feels ""too much"".The level design is A+, it's miles ahead of the previous game, incredibly well done and interesting to learn, lots of little places to explore. The fourth level is absolutely incredible and that one alone drops kick pretty much any level design done by any other game, I seriously cannot describe how great it is.Finally : Emilly. Don't bother playing with two character for the story. they both have the same lines, and beside pronouns, every single character has the exact same lines, reactions, ect towards both characters. It's really disapointing and I end up skipping most cutscenes. Her powers are nice, the change of pace is interesting and the two ways you can play the game (lethal/non lethal) are really different. This time the non lethal way is still fun though frustrating at times. Save often to be sure that one of the unconscious guard that you left behind doesn't get devoured by a swarm of rat.In overall, great game, ♥♥♥♥♥♥ behaviour from Bethesda."
,Recommended,403640,26752835,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,adrian51gray,Fantastic game! The new powers and levels are great. If you enjoyed the first game this is a massive improvement.
76561198000022177,Recommended,403640,28153431,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,animetion25,"Performance issues aside, since they did a few patches now, it is a really fun game. I did low chaos run and now going to do a high chaos run. That's very rare for me to play a game more than once even if it has different endings. So get it, it's fun."
,Recommended,403640,29706428,Posted: 4 February,all,߷TheSpoi߷,10/10 LOVE IT!just as good as last one! (maybe better) nice work!1. better engine2. graphics quality is amazing3. it gives you the choice to play as Corvo or EmilyAll in all its a great game and i reccomend
76561197974042161,Recommended,403640,28197596,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Joco,Great game!  I'm running a gtx 970 and the cpu is a 2600k (old but still good). Game runs on medium settings. No freezes or hickups so far. My motherboard used to share the lane with usb2.0 (old mobo)  and it litterally cut my pci express lane bandwith in half. That put a cap on my frame rates for demaning graphics. I've disabled lane sharing and everying is honky dory since then. Give that a try imo.
76561198058567877,Recommended,403640,27863062,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,MegaGothmog,"I just finished the game in a total of 30 hours. I must say i waited a week after the original release, because of the reports on tons of bugs and glitches, lag etc. etc.In my entire playthough, i have experienced 0 bugs or glitches. I played everything on medium (and two high) quality and was fine. I am not someone that goes for 60fps only, but i was satisfied with a nice 30-40.The game is as we expected and phenominally done. The artwork and style of the game is similar/the same as the first game, and is the feeling of the missions. It is still possible to complete the game on 100% stealth and non-lethal, and that is what i did (- the 100% stealth). (i played the game on Hard difficulty with Emily)The game is also improved when it comes to the enemy AI. It is definetely more difficult to stay 100% hidden all the time, and enemies will notice is something is off. If you leave doors open, steal tons of stuff, choke-out/kill guards and hide their bodies, they WILL notice it. And that is an amazing improvement. In Dishonored 1, you could get rid of 4 guards and mumber 5 doesn't care. This time will be different.The one mission is more difficult than the other, and some runes and bonecharms are placed in such difficult to reach places, that you have to try at least 10 times before you get it right.This game is an amazing sequal to the first one, and really raises the bar when it comes to difficulty. I'm not sure how it will go with Corvo, but i will try that next.I highly reccomend this game, especially now that the bugs and issues are taken care of. But it. Don't waste time, don't check out the rest of Steam... just buy it. If you liked the first game... you'll love this one.10/10 - Me"
76561198040186839,Recommended,403640,27001749,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Jimmy Rome,There's a point in this game where you can hook this degenerate inventer guy up to a car battery and Mike Pence him until he's a vegetable. Play Dishonored 2.
76561198108774777,Not Recommended,403640,33331241,Posted: 6 July,all,Korva,Corvo talks all the time now....He never spoke a word in the first adn that was his character yet you still know so much from him.....Now he talks.....
76561198309069008,Recommended,403640,32669283,Posted: 23 June,all,spiral of paradox,"Even without the use of brilliant assasinations, it's very good."
76561198002754922,Recommended,403640,26543165,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Johnford313,"Edit:No more problems with the most recent patches. Runs smoothly in Ultra settings when a lock the frames at 45fps, which is decent denough for me with that game. Probably can get consistent 60fps with a 1070.Also got to play one of my favorite mission in any games since my my original review, ""A Crack in the Slab"" which pairs brilliant story telling with a unique and innovative game mechanic. Kinda wish that mechanic was actually used more often in the game!Solid 9/10 now for sure.Rig disclaimer: GTX970, i7 4790, 16GB RAMThe Bad:- Yes, there is some framerate issue, I have most options set to high, some to very high, a couple to ultra, playing 1080p, with TXAA. I mostly get between 40-60fps, sometimes it drops in the low 30s, but I haven't seen any drop below 30, so it remains playable. The main issue is how it can widly vary in half a second, when you framerate drops from 68 to 35 and back to 51, you reaaaally notice it. I wonder if there is a way to lock the framerate to 30fps, I kind of sucks to be limited to that, but the variations are pretty annoying.However it is not as bad as a lot of people are saying. My rig is two year old, and while it is distracting, it is playable and looks great.- Some of the voice acting is subpar, including Corvo unfortunately. But my main problem with the voices is not the quality of the voice acting, but that goddamn mixing! Whoever was in charge of voice levels did an AWFUL job. And it is pretty problematic in a stealth game. You can be on the second floor of a building, and some civilian whistling outside at the street level will be heard like she/he is next door! This seems fixable, so hopefully that gets corrected with a patch.The Good:- It looks beautiful! I already loved the style of Dishonored, its sequel is very faithful to it, and just looks better in everyway. With some performance improvement I can't wait to be able to play in higher settings. The TXAA is particularly effective at smoothing edges, I've rarely seen so little aliasing outside of downscaling my resolution. Good job was done of the quality part if not on the performance.The color palette is gorgeous, and I haven't experience any ugly textures even though I don't have them at Ultra.I've noticed a couple of ugly faces (as in weak models) and I'm pretty sure I've one model behind re-used for two different guards in the 3rd mission. But I'm just nitpicking.- The sounds design, voices and poor mixing aside, is great, immersive, the music is good. The sounds effects are good. The buzzing of thoose gross bloodfly give me a chill everytime I hear them. Good stuff.- Most importantly the gameplay is a fun as ever! It is super smooth, super responsive, and just really fun to fight, sneak, and murder everyone in Dishonored 2 in creative ways. I haven't done much pure stealth play, but it did feel relatively fair,  not that sneaking is easy, when enemies would discover/hear me. You definitely have to be careful and aware where everyone is.-The level design, one of the strong points of Dishonored, is even stronger in Dishonored 2, the levels are huge, creative, and open, offering many ways to complete your objectives and have fun while doing it. I did not manage to find one rune in Addermire who seemed to be in some basement that I never found how to access, despite exploring every nook and cranies of the place. This means I actually didn't explore everything, which speaks to how rich those levels can be and how many secrets they hold.-The story seems strong so far. If not the most original. I mean, it's a revenge story, they are all similar, but also one of the most effective and engaging story telling technique. It's deliciously creepy most of the time. And really motivates you to want to kill everyone. Or I'm just a sociopath.8.5/10 - Probably a 9/9.5 after a patch or two for graphic performances and audio issues."
,Recommended,403640,27692340,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Derek Bum,"The game is great and all, but there is one thing that it needs, that just breaks it for me... you cant pull out your sword without attacking. In the first game, when im sneeking around and i hear someone approching, then i pulled out the sword by instinct, to say ""im ready to go, ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥"". but in this game, you start to attack, when you pull out the sword, then you hit a wall, and make noise. the whole thig is just ruined for me..."
76561198010216289,Recommended,403640,27693285,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Mysteria,"I've been very dubitative if I should buy this or not. Finally, I decided to go ahead and while the performance of how it runs is questionable (almost no difference in fps between ultra and very low???), it runs fine for me as I don't keep my eyes glued to the fps counter.And, once you just play the game it is just ♥♥♥♥ing brilliant. Wide open mission design, fully lethal to full stealth approach. X-manners of solving a mission, including a way of skipping over like 90% of one mission, innovative mission design, varied powers, two playable characters and, and, and ....Tldr: a great game if you live with some performance issues"
76561198105223291,Recommended,403640,27698666,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,yu207,Fun game.
,Recommended,403640,27698473,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Chibi Biscuit,"So this review is a little tricky, because I have mixed opinions about the game. I'll preface by saying this review in-particular is judging the game post-patch, at which point most of the performance issues that made the game unplayable for me have been resolved.The things that make this game worth playing: Fantastic level design, the same great multi-approach missions you'll remember from the original. The encounters are challenging and tricky (in a good way), and I enjoyed puzzling them out quite a bit.The things that make me reconsider my recommendation: The story feels forced, the tie-ins to the original seem very weak, and the character design as a whole feels pretty flat. This is partially due to the writing, and partially due to the delivery by the voice cast. The default controls on a PC keyboard are awkward and kind of painful. It's clearly a game that was designed for consoles first and PCs second.If you like a good sneaky-stabby, then you'll probably enjoy this. That said, it's not my favorite in the genre. Go play Thief 2."
76561198029361735,Recommended,403640,30931092,Posted: 3 April,all,Stoutgut,I've had no technical problems with this game so I'm only basing my review on the game. I felt it has many improvments compared to the first game such as more non-lethal options and a few more lethal options. the new powers are very fun andthe story is pretty good i do wish though that emily was the only playable character as having corvo the main character (if you choose him) makes way less sense if you play the game (i wont spoil it for you). Over all i believe it is a solid game and it is a shame it didnt do so good P.S. turn off v-sync it helps with any lag
,Not Recommended,403640,31066945,Posted: 10 April,all,GavinGalix,Not gonna lie....this sucks . Performance is great for me but the gameplay is like 3 steps backwards from the first game . Not recommend imo
76561198019206385,Recommended,403640,31757922,Posted: 14 May,all,Veleion,"Love this game. Great story, great gameplay, great everything. It's hard to compare it with DH 1, this one is horribly optimized, the graphs look horrible. If you can put that aside, it's a rich experience, I have only played it through 3 times, but so far I don't see as many changes in the last levels according to whether you're plaing lethal or non lethal. The ending is kind of dissapointing. I feel it somewhat shorter than DH 1 in terms of what happens throughout the story. Nonetheless, it is still full of those beautifoul DH moments where if you pay attention to your sourroundings, in every corner there is a story behind.The new game plus feature is amazing and I wish DH 1 had it.the graphs are ♥♥♥♥♥♥ if you don't have a next gen pc.TL DRStill has what made DH great, it's just worse here and there (graphs, story), and better over there (gameplay)."
,Recommended,403640,26536003,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Ekklesia,"CPU: Intel i5 4570GPU: ASUS Strix GTX 970RAM: 16GBres. 1366 x 768considering my monitor and my pc isn't that high end. i still enjoy the game on ultra settings, in my 21 hour gameplay, i only crashed twice. and aside from spazzing out when peeking right or left. i seem to have no problem at all."
76561198049381169,Recommended,403640,27966501,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Messerschmitt,"Do not get intimidated by the mixed reviews. Dishonored 2 is a worthy sequel to the first game and It's just purely amazing. Altough I was annoyed by some bugs during my fisrt playthough, I kept going and in the end I can say the game is damn awesome"
,Recommended,403640,27972017,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,luke.vz,"Great game. More and more Dishonored. If you liked the first, you will like this one."
76561198045102810,Recommended,403640,28803299,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,John Thomas,"DIshonored 2 improves in almost every way on the first game, the abilities have more depth, the weapons have just a little bit more diversity in terms of ammo and non-lethal opportunities for taking out the admittedly same-y peons encountered throughout the game are through the roof. The story, featuring a cliche af macho corvo voiced by Stephen Russell (i chose corvo for my first run), is underwhelming at times - though the game world is beautifully constructed and includes some genuinely interesting side quests which almost makes up for any minor♥♥♥♥♥♥ups. What it does NOT make up for is the fact that our good friend Stephen Russell blantantly voices some of the aforementioned peons in the game and even has unique dialogue as some of these NPCs. wtf. Favourite level is dust district, love the choice it presents to you and the rewards you can reap from siding with either faction and the following mission includes a time travelling section which i enjoyed thoroughly, all be it a little short lived.The major issue with this fkn game is the optimization for pc. Every review is saying it, but i thought i was safe getting it after christmas, with news of patches spurring me on. It's better, from what i can tell, but no where near enough to the standard of a £40 game. I got it for £24, but i would have payed £30 max just because i enjoyed the first game so much. I prayed i wouldnt experience issues but they occured 10 seconds in. ♥♥♥♥♥♥ framerate and screen tearing seemed to be the norm no matter what settings i selected. Eventually i found a playable setup - but this took a couple of attempts over a couple of days.Conclusion: buy it on sale, its great. But make sure you know what issues you'll encounter and how to fix them."
76561197960338905,Recommended,403640,28570792,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,laplace,Amazing game. Unfortunately hampered at launch by poor optimization and lack of reviews.Expect to spend hours upon hours delving into this gem!
76561198052449251,Recommended,403640,29920857,Posted: 14 February,all,ichimanju,"Incredible experience on my first play through and will definitely go through again at least once more.The game is so fluid, you can try multiple things to get to a goal. The game is well balanced. Fantastic story, graphics, gameplay - will certainly buy the dlc."
,Recommended,403640,30970655,Posted: 5 April,all,Synyster,"First of all let me say this because I feel as you're scrolling down through these reviews you keep on seeing people talk about the poor optmization and technical issues on the PC. Well mine isnt anything special but it isn't a potatoe. i have a GTX 1060 6gb, 120 hz monitor, Intel i7 6700HQ. I ran the game on very high because I always wanna tilt the scales in beauty a little rather than FPS. People have been talking about getting crashes and bugs but luckily I haven't encointered a single bug or even a crash, so who knows maybe bethesda is secretly updating the game behind our backs Anyways on to the review.I quite like the game, though it is a bit short, I haven't 100% it yet or played it with Corvo (I chose Emily because she doees have a more interesting story). this is based on my first playthrough collecting as much as i could with very little non-violence. I don't believe a let a single enemy lived including civiliians because they are always running to screech for someone and set off an alarm. Note: I haven't played the first Dishonored but I do know the basics of the game. the combat is quite fun, i'd say something about how annoying it is to fight off a bunch of enemies at once but since its a stealth game i can't quite complain. The powers in the game are quite unique and cool but I literally only used Far Reach (blink for Corvo) the entire time. in rare occasions i'd use the domino power and very VERY rarley i'd use shadow walk andonly at the last two levels i used dark vision. Mesmerize and doppleganger i never touched because honestly the best thing to spend your hard earned runes on are the upgrades on your character directly. More health and mana *(idk know the name for your secondary bar) with some other upgrades for combat and ability to upgrade your jump and speed. The main villain is ok IMO, she seems more like a rejected disney princess villain than an ""evil aunt; which in and of itself sounds like an evil disney villain. The main missions consist of going around lvls defeating enemies and finding bone charms and runes. they're are some neat side missions you can complete for some people you find along the way. A lot of backtracking which can be shortened with your powers. A neat black market shop you can run into along these missions and buy/upgrade your gear and among other things. Sometimes you can buy something that will reward you in the mission world. Example is a jey that unlocks a safe in an abandoned apartment building surrounded by the Swarm or the amazingly annoying big mosquitos.As in weapons they are all quite good tho you'll mainly be using Far reach or either your crossbow or pistol. A mechanical heart can help find runees and bone charms in these levels too. Overall the game on my first run was quite funm there is replay value in doing a challenging no kill playthrough and also playing the other character of which you started. Only thing that's stopping me from doing this is the incredibly TBH bland story. The levels surrounding a different ""villian"" where you go and kill them in the end often feel anticlimatic. Hell, half of the ""crew' in the levels i killed without even knowing who they were, i just thought they were another goon i was gourging my sword into their trachea. Overall i'd give Dishonored 2 a solid 7/10, and at the time of this review it's on sale for 30 dollars, so if you need a fun stealth game, id recommend this, however if you havbe the extra cash at the time of this sale i'd buy metal gear Solid The Phantom pain.i hope this review helped and tho it was kinda excesivly long i wanted to include as many details as possible. You have a great day dear reader ;)"
76561198118576714,Recommended,403640,30777526,Posted: 27 March,all,WeebWizard,Is it a horrible game? Not even close. Is it the sequal dishonored fans had hoped for? Gathering by community response no. Unfortuantly a sloppy ai a very shoddy story and a horrible launch ruined a otherwise fun enjoyable unique stealth expereince which built upon the orignal dishonroed. Short? Yea very however PERSONALLY and from a large response from the community two playthroughs is intended for a full scope of the story.The different endings this time ruined is horrible and al.most ruined it for me. Dishonored has unique diffrentating endings based on choices. This has it ruined it states a higher coas game will result in a more synical ending. YOU END UP AS A DUKE that isnt cynical...The replayability value is here i personally love no powers mode it complete changes the pace expereince and feel of the entire game same gose for stealth ghost or non lethal run throughs (I enjoy all at once)Personally get it on sale personally it is most certinally not worth it 40 pound price tag.
,Not Recommended,403640,26527801,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,casphis,Runs terribly. Worst optimisation of a game I have played since Advanced Warfare.
,Recommended,403640,26527576,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Bad_Wolf,It is everything I hoped for. The game is truely great. A god damn masterpiece
,Recommended,403640,26564649,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Tony Bamanaboni,"Quick Review (November 12th, 2016)(Note: This review will be updated as soon as the game is optimized)Pros -+ The gameplay is just as fun as ever, giving you more options this time around with interesting consquences for your actions in the game.+ Stealth has improved by a lot since the last game (But, that's to be expected from the former-devs of The Theif series)+ Graphics are a big improvement over the original thanks to the Void Engine which is a Modifed ID Tech Engine (Similar to DOOM's engine)+ Characters are pretty interesting and I love Emily.Cons -- The optimization is pretty poor.- Some glitches in some of the levels makes the game unplayable or you have to restart the whole game/mission.- Clockwork Soldiers are a pain to killOverall:I'd say this game was pretty good, better than the original, but the optimization is pretty poor as I get a smooth frame rate one minute and then the next it slows to 25fps.I recommend you wait for the patch, but other than that, it's pretty awesomeThumbs Up from me"
76561198135448534,Recommended,403640,26527498,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Omegawuss,"I have been waiting for this game for forever, and now that I have started playing it, it is very enjoyable. Yes there are some frame drops and clipping textures but you have to remember that the game basically doesn't release till tomorrow, and there are bound to be bug because it is freaking day one. I don't know about PC but consoles already have a day one patch which should fix all of these issues. I am only on the second mission while writing this review and it is a blast it already feels so much better than the 1st game. The only reason people are giving it a thumbs down is because either they are having issues worse than mine or their PC can't run it. All of these problems hopefully should be patched fairly soon.And I am playing it on Hard, Felsh and Steel for my first time too so if you played the 1st one or not you will like this game :)"
76561198014256114,Recommended,403640,26527664,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Oberyn,"I am below reccomend settings, scarcely above minimum, running medium-high with no issues. Outside of the issues people are reporting the game is exceedingly strong. Exploration is interesting, a billion ways to solve problems, interesting powers, difficulty seems right, story thus far is interesting, though I'm a bit unclear what in the world were the canon results of Knife of Dunwall and Brigmore Witches. I'm not sure if people are attempting to run above what their computer is capable of, or if my machine runs on magic, but Dishonored 2 is not inherently broken."
,Not Recommended,403640,26527822,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,L𝗬𝗦𝗘𝗥𝗚I𝗖𝗔L,"Scrap what I said, all of the outside areas are plagued with the same issues as the first area so it is completely unplayable even with a 390, denuvo, ♥♥♥♥♥♥ optimization, don't support this with your money."
,Recommended,403640,26527589,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Annihilat1on,"Even better than the first game. I have had Zero performance issues. I am running an i7 - 6700t and a Nvidia GTX960 on High settings(40-50 fps), FOV on 110(which you can scale in game menus)."
,Not Recommended,403640,26527815,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,BeardofZaius,"Desperately needs a patch. FPS droping to slideshow levels once you get to the new location which is disappointing as it was running well until then and the game itself is strong in terms of art design, story and level design in the inital level and onboard the boat.For now though, don't go near it unless you have a super computer..."
,Recommended,403640,26528033,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Script,This is the best game ever made!
,Recommended,403640,26564675,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Sheogorath,Amazing game so far! I haven't really noticed the performance being that bad as some people make it out to be. It sometimes dips below 40 but for me thats ok. (I'm playing on a 970 with a little bit higher settings than recommended). The gameplay and story are amazing. The levels I visited so far were masterpieces(especially the clockwork tower). I really enjoy the details they put in almost every place.However the game is very blurry(at least it is for me). Using ReShade and setting lumasharpen to something like 0.8 fixed that and I really enjoy how it looks now.I recommend buying this game if you can handle FPS between 35 and 60.
,Recommended,403640,28244704,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,cool and good,"Arguably even better than the first in my opinion, with more replayability in the two characters and the ways to deal with every situation. One of few games that made me stop and think ""This level is so ♥♥♥♥ing fun"" multiple times. I did not suffer from any performance issues.Emily is my new waifu no one will take her from me."
76561198305407405,Recommended,403640,29407715,Posted: 21 January,all,Loli is disgusting,Great game never had any problems running it played through it 3 times and only had one glitch
76561198030837836,Recommended,403640,28593798,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Flash Hendricks,"Enjoyable and well-worth playing. If you've not played yet, my advice would be to take your time, especially over the early stages (and especially if you're trying to go low chaos); there are a lot of interesting little corners and it's worth gathering every rune you can find."
,Recommended,403640,26528239,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,aleske,"A-M-A-Z-I-N-G!Gameplay's not changed much comparing to the first installment (which is good — all roughnesses are ironed out, but core mechanics left intact), but the world... it has been expanded in all imaginable and unimaginable ways. Levels become so huge and so filled with small details that investigating of all the corners now worths another run.Art is just gorgeous, I'll definitely do also a playthrough dedicated solely for screenshots. I'm a game tourist and this virtual journey to another world is one of the pictoriousest I ever had.Playing as Emily is refreshing and cool too, though I'm more inclined to play as Corvo because I love this character for all the memories I have since the first game, because it was a first game of its genre I enjoyed.Highly recommended. Game is worth every minute of playing."
76561198093287560,Not Recommended,403640,35285522,Posted: 29 September,all,I'M 12,"After playing dishonored, i was so eager to play dishonored 2. but my passion dissapeared in 2 hours. i told myself i will keep playing it the next day but yet i didnt. Reminded me of homework..... it doesnt worth half the price of dishonored given the gameplay and other comments of FPS and stuff. if u are looking for a decent game without playing the first dishonored, this game is not bad but still doesnt worth the price so wait for a saleSry for bad eng"
76561198167383120,Recommended,403640,33370573,Posted: 8 July,all,Krazy-8,"Advantages:-can be played multiple times in lots of different ways-2 main characters to choose from (good replay value)-decent story-multiple ways to deal with bosses-multiple endings based on the player's choices-lots of playstyles-fun powers (I'd say Emily's powers are better but maybe that's just me)-OK optimization (running in 55-60 fps on a 1060 with i7-3770 on ultra settings)-way better graphics than the first game-the protagonists actually talk in this one-the 7th level is mindblowingly good-every time you use a power in front of a civilian they react to it saying something like ""wow"" or ""what black magic is this"" which i found quite coolDisadvantages:-you spend a lot of time searching for runes and bonecharms around the map-you give up searching for runes and spend a lot of time on youtube watching rune location videos-the balck market (the only place you can buy upgrades for your tools) is well hidden in every level and you spend even more time watching location and how to rob black markets videos on youtubeAll of these are based on my personal experience and i can't guarantee that you'll experience the same thing. Overall, I give Dishonored 2 a solid 9.5/10."
,Recommended,403640,32057697,Posted: 30 May,all,Hydra,"Alot more stuff than Dishonored 1 however there are some mishapsPros+Alot more abilities+New Character+Alot more path options+Beautiful Stylized GraphicsCons-bad port-performance issues-glitchy abilites(sometimes)Dishonored 2 is a great game, just make sure you are comfortable with the performance issues before buying."
76561198280202288,Recommended,403640,29350435,Posted: 18 January,all,5fdp0585,I have been playing Dishonored 2 on PC for a while now as you can see I have 11.9Hrs clocked on Steam. And I wasnt sure how the game was going to run on my pc with all the bad reviews BUT i took a chance and wow I LOVE Dishonored 2. I love the game play. Love the mechanics. The sword fighting is a bit different from the first game but I got used to it. And I also find it kind of funny how so many people complain about how theyre having performance issues and frame rate drops and whatnot. Well I have a i7 4790K MSI  GTX 9704GB 24GB of RAM and I have Windows 10 and I with certain settings on Medium and some on High I get between 60-80 FPS and I never drops too much below 60. I ALWAYS get a steady frame rate. Dont know what why other people are having issues. Game runs great for me. Dont know guess Im just lucky. OH And even if I put most settings on ULTRA the frame rate does go down to maybe about 40-50FPS but to me I dont mind that as long as the game doesnt crash or stutter....which it hasnt. Only setting I cant max out is the Textures cuz my GTX 970 is only 4GB and you need more than 5GB of VRAM so oh well. Other wise I love the game. It runs fantastic on me. Sorry for all those who have had issues.
,Not Recommended,403640,29474286,Posted: 24 January,all,PROatCOOKING,"Game has had different performance issues with each patch. The most recent patch (01/2017) broke it to the point where the game won't launch whatsoever.On top of that, when I could run it I get crazy input lag with KB + M. Arkane, get your♥♥♥♥♥♥together."
,Recommended,403640,31964409,Posted: 25 May,all,Kyven,It's pretty good.
,Not Recommended,403640,28580195,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Rikuu The Werewolf Riolu,"it really hurt to see this happenwhat happened bethesda, arkaneyour optomization is horriblefix it."
,Recommended,403640,29214453,Posted: 12 January,all,Aaro,"I feel it took what made me love the first game and made it all better. Many different playstyles and ways to do things. Overall amazing game, one of the best of 2016 in my opinion"
76561198127238744,Recommended,403640,30538017,Posted: 16 March,all,ko00087,"Dishonored 2 is a sequal to the original Dishonored,Stealth is intense and must be performed cautiously on high difficulty levels.Combat is satisfiying throughout, two unique charactors to roal play as which adds more playable elements in the future.Overall I enjoyed this game, bought during sale, for stealth gamers and fan of the first dishonored game a must have."
76561198156183634,Recommended,403640,30972077,Posted: 5 April,all,Mohawkmike,"This was a very good game, was worth buying. Story sucked me in and I hope the make another one"
76561198240927860,Recommended,403640,31070323,Posted: 10 April,all,Not A Savage,A very enjoyable and entertaining game.
,Recommended,403640,31070207,Posted: 10 April,all,DeadCicada,Stabby Stealther 2 high quality would buy again.
76561198105300759,Recommended,403640,31080996,Posted: 11 April,all,Azwraith,"Killed Everyone in this game, try it people its fun..... 10/10 I would repeat it again and again."
,Recommended,403640,31101583,Posted: 12 April,all,Nicole Benn,"Cons:* lagged framerate* hard to get good graphics unless you have a custom-built gaming PC* tragic storylinePros:* back to Dunwall it is* new powers as Emily* so much funOverall:If you liked the first one, you'll like the 2nd. Story is a bit similar, but new abilities, new friends, old friends, and new locations make up for it. How you play affects the world in different ways than the first game, and going for no-kill always makes it more strategic and difficult. Already on my 2nd playthrough (which let's you use all powers regardless of character)"
,Recommended,403640,26521439,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,b_mucsi,good
76561198067127094,Recommended,403640,29461917,Posted: 24 January,all,2_Crows,If you have a good PC I would recommend this game just for the replay value. Cant wait until they inevitably release some DLC for it
,Recommended,403640,29195467,Posted: 11 January,all,Scooty Booty,"I bought this game only having played a bit of Dishonored 1.Dishonored 2 was great and the storyline was fantastic. I haven't enjoyed a single player game in so long and when I do they usually have to be good to keep me playing all the way through. The game and scenery is just beautiful and I had to keep taking screenshots. I finished the game with high chaos and I've never wanted to play a single player game again and get a different ending and find all of the collectibles, but Dishonored 2 has done this.The only thing wrong was some frame issues at the beginning and then glitching through the map and having to find a way back through it. I would recommend Dishonored 2 and I'm most likely going to buy the Dishonored 1 sooner or later."
,Recommended,403640,29620383,Posted: 31 January,all,f0rce#,Slow-motion finishers/10
,Not Recommended,403640,30104717,Posted: 22 February,all,Zyphrus,"It's a pretty good game, I LOVED the original Dishonored, but I'm glad I didn't play as Corvo, or else I'd feel as though I'm just playing DLC, not a ""new"" game. Lots of repeats, but it's still fun. The main reason I'm giving it a thumbs down is because it makes me sick to play it. I have a damn good Razer laptop, yet even on minimal settings the game runs like garbage. The constant framerate issues give me a headache and literally do make me sick to my stomach. I'm talking 20 fps or lower. I pre-ordered this game and I've still yet to finish it (as of February 22, 2017) because I simply CANNOT play it, even after patches. It's too late in it's life to get anymore fixes, so I doubt I'll ever finish this sadly. But, they already got my money, so who cares? But for me, I'll never play a game made on the Void engine again."
76561198106321369,Recommended,403640,32901828,Posted: 27 June,all,ryan,The best stealth game ive ever played.
76561198083459552,Recommended,403640,32902226,Posted: 27 June,all,THE_SPACEMAN,The Game is fun and has a decent storyline.I've only run into a few bugs.7/10 fun but not great.
76561198323433471,Recommended,403640,33451979,Posted: 11 July,all,Faith,"It's much better than the first one, but the hardware you need to run this thing at an okay settings is insane !!"
76561198099947410,Recommended,403640,33256810,Posted: 4 July,all,Phantasma,"The reason for all the hate on this game is because some people have never heard of a thing called ""turning your graphics down"" and acknowldedge the fact that bethesda dosnt like pc ports. other than that the game runs fine gameplay is fast, hard, and fun. not for beginners and players who expect single player games to let them pass the game without having to have the game over screen more than twice"
76561198041786500,Recommended,403640,33574698,Posted: 15 July,all,Xoep,It's a good
76561197963708554,Not Recommended,403640,33549832,Posted: 14 July,all,Bioject,"This is the Bioshock 2 of the Dishonored Universe.It's not a bad game, but it doesn't do much that is new. Playing as a new character with a completely different power set is interesting and I do like the ability to craft bone charms, however it's basically the same game as Dishonored 1. In a way it feels more like a gigantic full game DLC than a sequel. Even the story is a rehash of the first game. I would only play this if you want more Dishonored, but don't expect anything radically different from the first and don't expect a story as compelling as the first either.What's sad is that the random pieces of literature littered around the environments is more compelling than the main story. The world of Dishonored is gigantic and rich and yet the only thing the creators could come up with is another revenge story with you reclaiming the throne? The potential stories in Dishonored are undless. Even Sokolov's adventures you read about in the game are more interesting. I think Dishonored 2 should have been a vastly different game, with an entirely new character, exploring the far reaches of the world of Dishonored, or at least doing something that is different. How about a mission to rob a bank or find some legendary whale or locate a mysterious unknown civilization? Instead the creatores clearly took the safe route and created a very very safe uninteresting game.A good analogy are the blood flies in Dishonored 2. They are just like the rat plague in Dishonored 1 except they fly and aren't really threatening.Also the game is super easy even on the hardest difficully. Granted I have been playing a heavy chaos style but I imagine I'll do fine even during my 100% stealth playthrough. Still my biggest issue with the original game was how easy the game was if you played a chaos playthrough. Ironically to make the game hard you have to try not to kill people. I would prefer a more metal gear solid approach where the game gets brutal if you're not stealthy.BTW the keyboard controls are terrible just like the first game but you can fix them. Thankfully you can assign all of your weapons to various keys on the keyboard. Instead of assigning everything to the standard 0-9 keys I recommend the following:G - GrenadesF1 to F4 Powers1-6 Guns, Crossbow Bolts, etc.TAB Heart ItemYou get the idea. It it so much easier.Anyway I would recommend this game for anybody who wants more Dishonored and more powers to combine and screw around with. If you are looking for something fresh don't buy this. It's just a rehash."
76561198203161604,Recommended,403640,32279909,Posted: 8 June,all,ShadowRunner34,"I enjoyed playing this game.  I found it better than the first.  A lot longer, but awesome.  Not to spoil the ending, but it actually felt more exciting.  Since the first one was anticlimatic."
,Recommended,403640,32221994,Posted: 6 June,all,Sleepless™,One of the best open-world games I have ever played.
76561198074500159,Recommended,403640,32072471,Posted: 30 May,all,TenderizedBurritos,A
76561198065106677,Not Recommended,403640,28842255,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Sugarmama1234,"This game expands on everything the first one did with a slightly more intresting story and new gameplay mechanics that add a lot of replayability. Now from what I've seen multiple times and experienced this port is awful, however i feel as though it has been improved since my system was able to run it quite well but even though i have a beast of a system(980 ti, 6700k @4.9ghz, and 16 gb of ddr4 ram) this game still crashed every now and then and would experience some drops in fps on ultra settings. In fact i ecountered i game breaking bug at one point where as soon as i would load into one of my saves the game would crash, luckily i had saved my game before that event. If there is any other gripe I have with this game besides technical issues it would be that for some missions the nonlethal option was extremely tedious and could be easily missed and sometimes u could accidently make the nonlethal option no longer possible. However the gameplay for this game is superb and improves on everything. The game also welcomes multiple playthroughs due to the option to play as 2 different characters with almost 3 different endings on each. As of right now i would only reccomend this game if u have a beast of a system probably with at least a 970 or a 1070. The technical issues have to be fixed."
76561198279576386,Recommended,403640,29409082,Posted: 21 January,all,snebe,FUUN
76561198030016435,Recommended,403640,28728514,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,TheBluScout #frontline!,"Yeah yeah, FPS issues are a thing but beside that this game was amazing (wish it could have been longer) wish we could get a level editor or somthing."
76561198074653092,Recommended,403640,29507487,Posted: 26 January,all,Tihhy,Best stealth game for me!
76561198093648952,Recommended,403640,26617842,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Halamar,"VERY BAD fps problem and stuttering also..I expected more from arkane tbh :( Is this what pc gamers mean to you? At least they give us patch soon but I hope it's not the same as mafia 3 ""patch"" But shortly don't buy this yet and wait for future updatesUPDATED: Game works now just fine and game itself is awesome. Story is good and gameplay even better than in dh 1. Thank god they fixed this game quite soon."
,Recommended,403640,28737591,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Iam_a_cow,"Great game, not as good as the original, but still a very pretty game and replayable game."
,Recommended,403640,28738705,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,VORTEX1409,After playing Dishonored 1 several months back this game is a epic contiuation of the Dishonored Storyline. This game has so many different ways to complete each chapter with several story arcs based on who you keep alive and who you kill. Arkane Studios did a great job. +1 to the devs for implementing New Game + which allows you to play through the story with all previously unlocked powers and combine Corvo and Emily's powers.11/10- Teleport- Stab- Repeat
,Recommended,403640,28736595,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Silly Pants McNanner Hands,"Look, at this point I have 3 hours in this game but I can tell you performance is not an issue. I have a GTX 1060 with 16GB RAM and I am getting 60fps with an occasional dip to 55 on ultra. It's all fixed guys, who gives a♥♥♥♥♥♥if it took them a while to do it, it works now and it is amazing. The Engine is improved and the gameplay feels smooth and silky, in some ways an improvement on Dishonored one. It's worth it, really."
,Recommended,403640,28737247,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,imnottrent,"Great story. Love the design aesthetic. Gameplay is very enjoyable.Multiple endings and playstyles contribute to the games replayability.I prefer Corvo over Emily, but I like that both are available to play and both have different abilities.The recently added New Game + adds even more to replays.I have zero issues playing, those bugs have been addressed and corrected.Would highly recommend.I started with Dishonored 1, then added the DLC, then, onto 2. Hoping for a 3 sooner than later."
76561197970551190,Not Recommended,403640,28769420,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Trajan,"Unfortunately this game has turned out to be a huge frustration and I cannot recommend it in it's current state.  I was a huge fan of the first Dishonored, I purchased this over the holidays only to find it unplayable. The engine is so not optimized for PC it's tragic. I had a 32GB RAM/FX-8350/GTX 760 config and the game would only run using the absolute lowest settings. I say had because the card config changed.I get that the old card was a few years old but the jump in system requirements for this game is ridiculous. The game aggravatingly insists on displaying on a smaller secondary monitor and using it's crappy built in speakers instead of the primary sound card and Logitec speakers hooked to it. I disabled the sound feed from the computer to the built in speakers but it still displays on the secondary monitor, albeit now with no sound. And there is no way I can find (short of using third party apps) to change this behavior.Luckily I received a new 1060 for Xmas that I went ahead and installed, hoping it would fix the monitor issue. No dice. So at this point I've said screw it, hopefully I will stumble across a fix at some point in the future. I do know I will not be purchasing any more Arkane titles going forward until they hit the cheapie bin, and then only after doing some thorough player commentary research.TLDR: You are taking your chances if you purchase this game, in my opinion Arkane did a terrible job with the PC version and frankly no AAA title should have this many issues this far after initial release. I haven't had this many issues even with indie titles."
76561198160808283,Recommended,403640,30111708,Posted: 22 February,all,Amethyst,was fun and got it super cheap when i split price on ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ with my brother lol worth 7$ :D
,Not Recommended,403640,28693265,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,TheSchweefterOfLondon,"I have a pretty decent gaming rig, i5 6600K @ 4.5ghz, GTX 1070, and this game runs horribly, with wildly varied framerates and some horrible slowdown during combat. Almost unplayable at ultra, barely playable at very high, looks pretty rubbish at high.I'm sure it's a good game, but I'm not going to tune it down to pre-2007 graphics settings just to get it to play as it looks worse than Dishonoured 1 when you do!Id game engines (on PC) are badly-optimised crud. Rage, Wolfenstein: The New Order and now this."
76561198114489760,Recommended,403640,29013513,Posted: 4 January,all,Vognir,"I'm not very far in this game but have been doing thorough exploration, I haven't had to deal with a single glitch or any technical problems. This game is wonderful and adds so much to the world of dishonored."
76561198066718339,Not Recommended,403640,29022562,Posted: 4 January,all,batata,"Unplayable, it crashes all the time even on ""very low"" settings running on a R9 380.Getting a refound."
76561198110106644,Recommended,403640,29117875,Posted: 8 January,all,Sam,"I love this game. It has beautiful graphics, an engrossing storyline, and it's very replayable."
,Recommended,403640,29121181,Posted: 8 January,all,colossal areola,Just as good as the first one.
76561198047661680,Recommended,403640,29120322,Posted: 8 January,all,Neko-chan,"First of all, I don't understand people complaining about terrible lag, I have a Radeon 290x  which isn't increcdible but i ran the whole game at a smooth 60fps. On top of that, this game definitely surpasses Dishonored 1 in terms of mechanics, especially with Emily's ability tree, way more options and ways to use abilities. Theres also more to explore in each section, with more places to go and more options about how to get to your objective. This game is awesome and I'd recommend everyone to get it!"
76561198063968845,Recommended,403640,26524681,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Masquerade,"Game now runs at 50-60fps 90% of the time so I'm fine giving this a positive reviewSo far the game is great, the gameplay and story are just as good as the first game plus a few extra features (choking during combat and non lethal drop attacks) are really nice. Emily is very fun to play and her powers are very different to corvo which makes certain paths better for certain characters (eg emily's blink isn't and instant teleport and you can be spotted using it).So far Dishonored 2 is the sequel I'd hoped for and I reccommend it to anyone who's into stealth games."
76561197973612602,Recommended,403640,28951954,Posted: 2 January,all,countvoo,"Dishonored 2 has played well on my laptop, with no issues that I can detect.My laptopwill NOT play fallout 4 as that is too demanding."
,Recommended,403640,27516242,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Macaronigrille,"What can I say? It's a good game and most importantly fun. Sure, it may have optimisation problems, but nothing I've personally suffered from. (Except for this one CTD)The story is interesting enough to keep me hooked, and the gameplay is smooth and fast paced, depending on how you may or may not play."
,Recommended,403640,28723815,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,steez battalion,"Great game, better than the first one in every way.The performance has improved since launch, but don't expect 60+ fps with everything on ultra on 1080p without at least a gtx 980ti or better.If you are willing to turn off your fps counter and focus on the game instead of its performance, you will enjoy this game."
76561198069808195,Recommended,403640,28671065,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,killerSNOWDROP,"after waiting  so very long for this game to come out i was miserable to hear how many problems therewere on so many different rigs including  high end,  but it went on sale so i took a chance, crossed my fingersand this game actually works for me,  average 90 fps but im running it only on a 2440 (2k)144hz Dell gsync monitor through my alienware graphics amp w a 1080gtx, curious to try it out on just my laptop w a 4k ips screen but i know i would likely be crushed by the 60 hz refresh rate,  still the graphics looks great and they are all set to high and very  high though im not sure why i cant get to some graphics settings to tweak, the game play feels greats so far as im playing as emily, only 4 hrs into it so far and time will tell."
,Not Recommended,403640,29664385,Posted: 2 February,all,bluntdrunk,"I really tried to get into this game, but it sucked.I have a good PC.  The game runs fine on maxed out graphics, never crashes, and that would be all well if I wanted an expensive picture book.The gameplay and story are offensively undeveloped.From the very start, there is a lack of depth to the game.""Oh, I miss mother.  Father?  Who is killing all my enemies?""""Surprise!  I'm your aunt, I'm stealing your house, encasing your pops in carbonite, and offering no reasonable explanation or compelling dialogue.""Sneaking around quickly got old and the combat system is a simplisitc block and counter attack system that will bore you to your shoe sole.This, is a beautiful turd."
,Recommended,403640,29959312,Posted: 16 February,all,EW/SniperHunter,good!
76561198020732056,Recommended,403640,29364694,Posted: 19 January,all,-R!dd!K-,pretty good.
,Recommended,403640,29192021,Posted: 11 January,all,joeandstuff,Bought the game in January.  Running on an r9 390 with an i5 2500k.  Game runs at 60 FPS 99% of the time at max settings except Vsync is off and Adaptive Resolution set to Quality.  Have to say I love the gameplay and I'm not sure why so many people are ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ on it.  Could use Steam Workshop support for some fun mods though
76561198196681735,Recommended,403640,31155116,Posted: 15 April,all,The Overlord,"The Game itself is pretty great. For those complaining about the performance issues, they've been fixed. And those complaining about framerates, the game is almost same in both 60 and 30 frames. My computer with 4GB of video ram and 8GB of ram, a mid-tier computer, easily runs the game at 30 to 40 frames on high and very high settings and it has been pretty great.I'm currently on the eight mission of the game (from 9) and will soon begin NG+ and have experienced almost no glitches other than one stuck Clockwork Soldier who froze in place. Although, if you have played the first game, dont take the enemies lightly. Even on medim difficulty, they recognise you quickly so if you're planning on ghosting a level, buckle up. It's gonna take some time. And save often.If you enjoyed the first one, you'll LOVE this one. If you haven't played the first one, here's a tip, STOCK UP on sleep darts and stun mines. God knows how many times I've been stuck without one. Also, if it's your first playthrough, don't use dark vision. AT ALL. It'll just ruin the game's great aesthetics and visual style for you.Buy this. It is SO worth it.Plot: 8/10 (Pretty Predictable but well executed)Graphics:9/10 (Like Dishonored in 12K)Gameplay:10/10Sound:8/10 (Great Music and tones)Voice: 8/10 (Points have been taken out for Megan and The Crown Killer. An extra point has been added for the superb acting of the outsider)Animation: 9/10 (The lip sync is a bit off)Overall: 9/10.Don't believe me? Get the free demo and see for yourself."
76561198183618597,Recommended,403640,29191575,Posted: 11 January,all,Dan,"Dishonored 2 was on my wishlist outside of steam as the game of 2016 along with the sequel to mirrors edge (which i couldn't get because it isn't on steam) So even with teh huge price i was happy to pre order it. As the game lead up i was really hyped but told myself to limit it so the game wouldn't dissapoint. And honestly it did. Sensitivity always feels wrong and moving the camera quickly is extremely jarring. When the game first came out it occasionally crashed for me and moving the character in any way was very disorientating.Never the less I still marched on and did stuff, the game was ok and still barely playable. After the patch it was a little better however I haven't actually fully completed the game because i wish to upgrade my stuff and every time i do so the game crashes.However despite this i've put a lot into the game and it's getting better and more fun I'm not sure if the price is still 100$ (Might be 100$ in my country's currency) but if you love to replay stuff you'l like it.TLDRThe game was bad but it's getting better."
,Recommended,403640,29046054,Posted: 5 January,all,Smarvels,★★★★
76561198102824071,Recommended,403640,29705015,Posted: 4 February,all,ils,To counteract some of the performance complaints:  1080 @ 3440 and it runs flawlessly.
76561197984815923,Recommended,403640,28685471,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,sspangler11,"Visually stunning.  Game play is flawless, love this game."
,Recommended,403640,28931297,Posted: 1 January,all,Xx_CrazyCow_xX,"I was first reluctant on buying this game at first, but I do not regret it. The game is now fixed and runs smoothly on the pc. It takes the essential formula from the frist dishonored, and spiced things up with two playable characters, more powers, and a new setting."
,Recommended,403640,30283504,Posted: 2 March,all,Oxide,fat
76561198044087373,Recommended,403640,30317501,Posted: 4 March,all,[WBW] Botched Attempt,"I doubt they'll ever do better than the first one, but this game is still great. Can't run it at top graphics settings even on a very good computer, but visuals are still nice on lower settings. Aside from that, this game is fantatic, and if you liked Dishonored, then I see no reason why you wouldn't like Dishonored 2."
,Recommended,403640,30321391,Posted: 4 March,all,Redeyes,"Absolutely amazing game well worth the money for the story alone. The graphics were astounding on ultra. My only complaint was getting my wireless controller to work at game start. I had to start the game before turning the controller on, otherwise the game would not recognize the controller and would be stuck on mouse and keyboard only."
76561198108892668,Recommended,403640,29387314,Posted: 20 January,all,Chosen,"Having played the first Dishonored quite thouroughly, I can say that I love this game almost as much. The sequel has a lot that the first doesn't, including new ablities and an options for playing without ablities. It also (at least for me) was harder. The detection rate seems higher than the first dishonored, and the levels have much more depth and challenge. However, it is very hard not to absolutely love this game with all of its courses you can take. It is a great stealth game and just plain fun. I love dishonored first and foremost for its gameplay. If you compare the plots of the 2 games, the first Dishonored game really takes the cake. There was some disappointment for me in this aspect. If you played the DLCs of the first game (as I did) you will realize that the villain in Dishonored 2, Delilah, is the same from the DLC. The story follows much of the same guidelines as well. There are also some things that seemed counter intuitive in the DLCs after playing Dishonored 2. It felt to me as if the creators spent so much time into figuing out the logistics of the game that when it came to the story, they just ran out of ideas. If you didn't play the DLCs, then play away, it will be a great experience. I never had any trouble with any lagging or loading or frame rate of any kind while playing it. It's a great game if you stay focused on gameplay and don't worry about the story as much. It's a bunch of fun, and enough options to keep playing it over and over so that it is a different experience each time."
76561197970609628,Recommended,403640,26514140,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Budoshi,.
,Recommended,403640,28818622,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Forgotten,very fun although i didn't play much
76561198292511552,Recommended,403640,28736169,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,genital herpes,dis game good
,Recommended,403640,31022010,Posted: 8 April,all,Techno Tofu,"tl;dr: I give this game a 9/10.As a note: I played the demo for 3 hours straight and bought this game right after, but it doesn’t seem to include that play time.This game is wonderful, plain and simple. I could stop the review there, but that's not very helpful to you.Frame rate: The biggest complaint I've seen about this game is the frame rate. I don't think I dipped below 59fps once in 3 hours (High settings).Load Times: Starting the game up can be a little slow, but after that it's less than 30 seconds per load screen.Controls: The controls are smooth an intuitive, and very similar to the first game. There are a few new things you can do, but other than that, identical. The only default settings I changed were: from toggle to hold on sprinting and leaning and mouse sensitivity, both of which are personal preferences.Combat: Combat is so satisfying. I can't speak to what a total bloodbath playstyle does to the story (like the first one), but I can tell you it's fun. The killing moves are varied and brutal, as well as the many ways you can avoid combat. I won't go into the new powers since basically every trailer before me has, but I liked them.No Power Mode: This ties into combat a little bit. I think they made the combat more varied and interesting than the first game because you can choose a ""no power mode"" after the first level. It's nice that the game can make the setting for you instead of you having to ignore everything around you, like in the first one.Animation/Art Style: The animation is super smooth (but maybe that's just me coming over from ME: Andromeda). I can't recall any moments of character models doing anything outside the laws of physics. There were a few moments when rag-dolled dead bodies flopped around, but nothing serious. As for the art style, it's more like Bioshock Infinite's style. In fact, the change from Dishonored 1 to 2 is a lot like the change from Bioshock 1/2 to Infinite.Voice Acting: They got quite the cast to voice these characters! The well-known actors are fantastic, and even the voice-extras are solid. The voice (and face) for Corvo threw me a little since I am so used to him being a silent, face-less killer. I got over that pretty quick.Music/Story: The music is ambient most of the time, but picks up in combat or during story scenes. As for the story, I won't go into it, but I like it so far. It's similar to the first game's revenge plot, so I'm sure they'll be a secondary reveal somewhere down the line too. I do feel like there are less choices with how to deal with targets, but I’m not super far yet, so maybe that changes."
,Recommended,403640,29009083,Posted: 4 January,all,Martin Shkreli gamdom.com,I killed  A LOT of people.
,Recommended,403640,32407899,Posted: 14 June,all,Reaper,"Fantastic game, graphics were stunning and performance was reasonably stable. Love how you get the option to play as Corvo Attano or Emily Kalwdin, this allows for for 2 playthroughs.I would say the story wasn't quite as good as the first Dishonoured, but it came close, was impressed with this game overall."
,Recommended,403640,33101569,Posted: 1 July,all,DinkyKing,Going ghost on very hardTries taking the most dificult path there isGets spotted every minuteGoes on killing spree before reloadingQuicksave & Quickload is my saviourClockwork mansion is the bain of my existence10/10 would have an amazing time and be frustrated simultaneously again
76561198036350747,Recommended,403640,31167169,Posted: 15 April,all,qapitan,"A level design masterpiece. Besides some techinical problemes here and there, this game is awesome. It has some of the best levels I've played in a long time."
,Recommended,403640,29685697,Posted: 3 February,all,JohnyRibber,noobs turn V sync off and enjoy that smooth frame rate broken V-sync xD
,Recommended,403640,29699301,Posted: 4 February,all,XANNY ABUSE UNIT,"Hello!This is the 2nd game of the dishonored series and I was very hyped to buy and play it. I expected it to be better than the 1st game and it really is.Pros:- Great graphics and overall environment.- Interesting storyline.- You, as the player, get a vast amount of choices you can make. You can play both characters, Skip some optional locations (For speed-running) and basically play your own playstyle (Lethal and Non-Lethal, Stealthy and Non-Stealthy) while each playstyle affects the storyline differently.- Hardest difficulty is insanely hard.Cons:- As a Dishonored fan, I expected something new from the game. It's not really bad but I really feel like I am playing a reworked Dishonored 1.- First days of release, the game was extremely buggy. A big patch fixed it and since then I haven't experienced any bugs.Bottom line:The game is really good and is worth every penny. Still, as a hardcore Dishonored 1 fan, I expect a little bit more. 9/10."
76561198066100074,Recommended,403640,31169223,Posted: 15 April,all,ChivalryUndead,"So I was one of those dummies that pre-ordered the game, but it took me so long to download that I was well aware about the issues with running it. I'm not really here to talk about that, because part of my specs actually don't meet system requirments (I have a fx-8300) and I have been using a gtx 950 on medium (it runs well enough, frame drops have happened in the royal conservatory (dropped from 60-19 in one spot in particular) and a few other places, but not as noticable). The game itself is great, I feel like- to me, the quality jump is similar to Arkham Asylum to Arkham City. The characters are written very well, the choices made are fleshed out, and I have to say I had a blast on the level Crack in the Slab and the Clock Work Mansion (although I didn't really get to play around with that level too much since I was going for the silence achievement."
,Recommended,403640,29691577,Posted: 4 February,all,Dehexed,"I held off on buying this for about a month because of all the negative reviews.Guess I'm one of the lucky ones; when I finally couldn't resist holding off on buying it any longer (I'm a big fan of the first game), I had no performance issues and only sporadic bugs and the occasional CTD.The story has its weak points, but for the most part kept me interested. I derived most of my enjoyment from gameplay mechanics - the powers are interesting and a lot of fun (experiencing the game with a fully upgraded ""Time Bend"" is recommended).There were, however, a few annoying bugs. I like to play Non-Lethal, and I'm currently aspiring to be Ghost on all levels. Sometimes bugs makes this harder, but saving the game frequently and only reloading in the event of a bug works out allright.- Not really a bug, but enemies leaning against a wall, and the occasional sitting enemy can not be silently subdued or assassinated (the icons do not show up). Drop-assassination does not work on certain sitting enemies for the same reason.- I knocked out two guards, then jumped onto the roof of a guard station and dropped the first body. When I dropped the second body on top of the other, the first one disappeared from the world, and my killcount was increased- Occasionally, dropping an unconscious body on a narrow ledge resulted in the body immediately bouncing off the ledge like it was made of rubber, resulting in death from falling- Throwing a bottle of ether next to sleeping enemies: The sound of broken glass wakes them up, but the ether does not put them back to sleep (this has happened twice, might just be bad luck)"
76561198068836916,Recommended,403640,28761241,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Johnny Futter,"gtx 980 - i7 4790k 4ghz - 16gb ram,  and game runs perfectly"
76561197978714095,Recommended,403640,32786456,Posted: 25 June,all,HorzaBora,A worthy sequel to the excellent first installment.
,Recommended,403640,32741535,Posted: 24 June,all,ftstani,"If you enjoy killing up close with a fine blade, this game is for you. If you enjoy women in pants, this game is for you.Corvo the Black, awesome.Slootometer: Dishonored 2's art style lends itself to a strange state where no slootiness can possibly exist. Meh."
,Recommended,403640,30237572,Posted: 28 February,all,sgt snoozleberries,"I loved this game. Even though it has its fair share of bugs here and there its amazing, the story is great and so are the graphics. I love stories with multiple ending but one thing is when using the time piece you get a huge drop in fps."
76561198159972592,Recommended,403640,31390365,Posted: 27 April,all,Simpleton Larry,"If you are worried about performance or anything THERE IS A DEMO!!!(Finally! Why don't more games have one?)You can try it, see if it runs okay, see if you like it, based on the first few hours and not have to worry whether it worths your money. (I still bought it on half price, tho, and I would recommend waiting for a deal like that if not better.)Played it twice (""nonlethal, mostly ghost"" and ""vengeful princess killing everyone in and out of her way"") and came away satisfied. A bit less so than with the first one, but still. It could be a teensy bit longer and could have used an engine with less issues. I played with Emily both playthrough and I wonder if Corvo is a bit harder, since you can deal with 2+ enemy groups far better with the help of Domino and the pull-thingy you use for moving around (and pick enemies out).8/10 Would murder again.PS: Highly recommend bonecharm crafting in the second half, you'll have more than enough bone and rune to do so, and having 4x effective bonecharms (particularly for carrying bodies and choking) is almost cheating, it's so good.Also, you can dump your excess bone into runes and thus carry it over into NG+ for your second playthrough as extra runepoints!"
76561198017220669,Recommended,403640,31393709,Posted: 27 April,all,Oweng3,"While there are clear technical issues, my 4 year old laptop has managed to maintain a steady framerate on the lowest settings. Due to Dishonored's unique artstyle this is a negligible compromise because the game still looks pretty."
76561198111929581,Recommended,403640,34412381,Posted: 22 August,all,The Solitary Guy,This game is really fun and we have a lot of possibilities of finish the game ! 5 Stars
76561198064330377,Recommended,403640,32885165,Posted: 27 June,all,Baam | csgoroll.com,"Just buy the game, you wont regret it."
76561197976589454,Recommended,403640,34504218,Posted: 26 August,all,Nightmare,Nice game
,Recommended,403640,34464186,Posted: 24 August,all,tdots mvp,Pros:- Some of the best level design of any game in recent memory- Lots of replayability- Excellent controls and mechanicsCons:- If your hardware is older than 3 years it will struggle to maintain 30 fps (although more than 30 is not necessary to enjoy this game)- The story feels like the second in a trilogy (eg. Attack of the Clones) in that there are some loose ends and it feels lukewarm throughout
,Recommended,403640,34464325,Posted: 24 August,all,Alpha_1337,Good game. is it better than the first one? no. Still fun tho
,Recommended,403640,29878151,Posted: 12 February,all,*Karissma*,"LOVE THIS GAME!!The mechanics are easy to manuever. The key controls are easy and quick to figure out. I keep  reading reviews that the story wasn't very good. I completley disagree. I enjoyed the story very much. Lots of hidden areas and problem solving. You can go in guns blazing or sneak around. Personally I like to go in guns blazing. However, everything you do has a consequence and that is one of the best parts of the game. Can't wait to finish and try again using a different play method. I highly recommned this game!"
,Recommended,403640,29742076,Posted: 6 February,all,Mystic mungis,"Instead of Whiskey and Cigars, it's now Pear soda. 10/10"
76561198045133903,Recommended,403640,29144074,Posted: 9 January,all,The Admiral Lee,"Despite all the negative reviews I decided to buy this game and Im not dissapointed. While I couldn't run it on max settings like I can some other games like Fallout 4 and GTA it still worked well on a mix of high and very high options. When it comes to the story, design and expecially to the gameplay I can say that I absolutely loved every second of it.Only downside of the game i could think of is that the story atleast for my liking is a bit too short. It could also be that I have been spoiled by games like Skyrim and MGSV which have very long storylines.All in all I would recommend this game to anyone who enjoys stealh games because this truly is an awesome representation of that genre"
,Recommended,403640,29177253,Posted: 10 January,all,Grill Master,"So I just started this game and I am very impressed, I am currently playing as Emily and thouroughly addicted. Everything seems to have been improved from the first. The only downside to this is that I miss the blink ability, I am not sure if this is because I am playing as Emily but having played the first this tentacle grabbing stuff isn't as useful as blink."
,Recommended,403640,29154998,Posted: 9 January,all,Prolific hamfister,"If you enjoyed the first Dishonored, than you'll enjoy this continuation of the story, and the once again vast playgrounds to indulge in.  I didn't have any frame rate problems, although I know some people do. Praise the sun! 8/10"
76561198039690660,Recommended,403640,33621862,Posted: 17 July,all,pcosman,If you are not stoned while playing this game then it is like being stoned without really being stoned.
,Recommended,403640,31924156,Posted: 23 May,all,Cereal Killer,"Before this one, I've never been determined to make a Clean Hands walkthrough (: Great sequel. High Chaos Shadow next!"
,Recommended,403640,26515781,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,urm,"After the recent 1.2 beta patch, I am changing my review. The game still doesn't reach 60 fps on my 960m, but it does play at stable 30fps in 900p on Medium preset, which is alright in terms of performance, especially since the game looks gorgeous even at these settings. However, if you have a high tier rig, you might still be very disappointed with your frames per second, even on lower settings and resolution.The combat is roughly as good as it was in the first game (which is quite a high standard to keep up), however there are more non-lethal options, which makes low chaos playthroughs a lot more dynamic than they were. The game is still very easy in terms of combat, maybe even easier, if you compare very hard to very hard (particularly due to new reflexes enhancement and slide-attack finisher), but in terms of stealth it is a lot more challenging, while at the same time providing more options, so overall ghost+clean hands playthrough is far less of a quickload simulator, which is a very positive change.The storyline feels rushed for a pretty simple reason: there are fewer targets for you to eliminate, and even those you do don't really feel as necessary as they are presented to you by the game. DH1 felt longer and less straightforward due to the betrayal twist, while DH2 has a more unified plot. Also, while maps have became significantly bigger, that is only due to their width and height, not their length, so a lot of the time you feel like you are prolonging the mission artificially. The characters are OK, I'd say they are better than what we had in DH1, but there are fewer of them, so that does't feel like a major side of the game.Voiceacting and most of the writing are absolutely amazing, however. Particularly the heart is very good, and as the game has a few ""peaceful"" areas, you can get that RPG-esque feel of being in a living city, and not just in a big violent puzzle.The soundtrack is nice. In fact, I am listening to it right now, and I am even considering to load it to my player (if only there was a lossless version!), that's how good it really is. Too bad you don't hear much of it in the actual game. So even if you don't buy the game, at least listen to this masterpiece.What this game really exceeds at, are level design and atmosphere. And when I say level design, I mean both the visuals and gameplay part. Every building has some tactical options in it, and some theme that is either limiting or helping you. All the apartments and shops feel like actual appartments and shops. You rarely feel like some particular item is there just for the player, and not because it has it's reason to be there. Karnaca looks absolutely astonishing, and that's a rare case for a low-spec gamer like me.So, to sum this up, this game is certainly playable, despite all the performance issues and clearly the best game of 2016 to me and, probably, to anyone who treats games like art, not just blank entertainment."
76561198310600815,Recommended,403640,33968734,Posted: 2 August,all,FUCKN PELICAN,needs more fiddle
,Recommended,403640,33879193,Posted: 29 July,all,Cletus,The story of the game is very good but the pc port is really bad the game most of the time has fps drops that make the game really hard to play and I know the game got patched but still the game has some bugs and fps drop.I did found a way that I could opitimize the game manuly  and it worked!verdict:The game itself is really good
76561198044068551,Recommended,403640,29205931,Posted: 12 January,all,RoomyStove,Good game!
,Recommended,403640,34252677,Posted: 15 August,all,magmaniac,Tried to play the game without killing anyone...ended up knocking everyone out instead.11/10
76561198137956818,Recommended,403640,34261679,Posted: 15 August,all,Gelas,I love this game
,Recommended,403640,29280461,Posted: 15 January,all,Jack (Vincentius),"No idea what everyone is on about. I played on a GTX 970 and it ran great. Very few stutters, and only very rarely when the game was clearly loading a new area (we're talking like .1 of a second about 10 times in the entire game, hardly 'breaking' the game).I thought this game was amazing. Got 40 hours gameplay out of it in total, so yes, recommend."
76561198051874595,Not Recommended,403640,31187622,Posted: 16 April,all,Lyester101,"Heartbreaking.  First Dishonored was fantastic!  This one I can't play for more than 15 to 20 minutes at a time before a CTD.  I've performed the recommended troubleshooting steps, etc. and all of them a no-go.  14 hours of random CTDs and I'm done.  I want to like this game but it just isn't letting me.Bought it on sale and it still isn't worth it."
76561198224447832,Recommended,403640,31125741,Posted: 13 April,all,DEUS VULT,would recomend at half price
76561198037429417,Recommended,403640,31137805,Posted: 14 April,all,remorse,"Literally only played the game for 3 hours and it is visually stunning and the game play is great! Bought it when it was on 50% off, no regrets"
,Recommended,403640,26758375,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Tw1tch_LegendaryMantis7,"Changing my rating.They updated it, it works now. Great game, still need to beat it!"
,Recommended,403640,34365960,Posted: 19 August,all,Craccoon,better than mikes pancakes
76561198022803000,Recommended,403640,29472881,Posted: 24 January,all,mordos,"Really nice game 40 hours and im not even finished it yet, though I tend to take things slow and check everything.Only negative is its not really well optimized, I run it smoothly on high(instead of very high or ultra) with no issues with a GTX 970 i7 2600K. Better then the first game IMO, combat is so much better.Stephen Russell from the original thief series is the voice actor for Corvo which is just perfect."
,Recommended,403640,29606187,Posted: 31 January,all,invictumhr,great game
,Recommended,403640,28628266,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Hecto Rage,"Beside some occasional sudden quit at Ultra setting, the game runs really smoothly on my laptop (ASUS ROG 750).Story wise, it is an amazing sequel Dishonored deserves. Arkane Studio nailed it again with the amount of lores and depth they put into the game. Design and graphic wise, sadly not much of an improvement.Personally, I still prefer Corvo over Emily for low chaos merciful playthrough (Blink+Dark Vision+Bend Time is impossible to get noticed by your enemies). Emily's skill set is more beneficial for stealth kill rather than sneaking around.I haven't finished the game yet, but I'm enjoying it very much so far. Hope it'll get patched up soon so more people can enjoy it."
76561198026648981,Recommended,403640,31349817,Posted: 24 April,all,t dog,damn good campaign only draw back of game is optimization. 8/10 for it
76561198131970441,Recommended,403640,28578725,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,SombraNegra0o0,"Improves on everything the original did before; more powers, large yet intricate level design, plus the addition of new game plus so you can finally unlock every single power. If you liked the first entry, you won't be disappointed."
76561198162066615,Recommended,403640,29522412,Posted: 27 January,all,YOU GUYS R GETTING CANCER,Dishonored 2 is an amazing sequel filled with more unique missions and situations where you have a hard decision to make that will leave a different ending. 10/10 Best PC Game of 2016
,Recommended,403640,34860530,Posted: 10 September,all,Joal,"i played the demo and it ran quite smoothly. there were some lag spikes, but it wasn't annoyingSpecs:4.00 ghz fx 8350 cpugeforce gtx 970 4 gb12 gb ram500 watt power supplyi guess the main pc component requires is a high amount of ram, because my performance for this game went up when igot a new ram card"
,Recommended,403640,31164784,Posted: 15 April,all,Darklight,"I waited a while because of the bad reviews for the PC version (and for the first special). Guess the patches paid off, because the game has great performance on ""Ultra"" and it's as amazing as the first one. Plan to play through it again with Emily..."
76561198093220027,Recommended,403640,31046963,Posted: 9 April,all,Kagrenac,"Game kept impressing me all the way through, the ending is...unsatisfying but it's a fun journey nonetheless.I also am not experiencing any performance issues."
,Recommended,403640,32915967,Posted: 27 June,all,Peewee Nipplepuss,"The original Dishonored never managed to capture me properly, despite several attempts at finishing the game. Dishonored 2 makes your choices, and your place in the (digital) world, feel meaningful in a way that draws me in and makes me want to keep playing.The game is still plagued with some technical issues and as previously mentioned by other reviews there are several easy tweaks that would ""fix"" the game. But despite this the game delivers."
,Recommended,403640,30545501,Posted: 16 March,all,soulfiremage,"I love this game. Played it through two and a half times, got 80 odd runes and have never spent so much time on a game before.Which is why I'm so♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥with the new feature: the crash to desktop that started last week and refuses to go the hell away. I can no longer play the game at all. I'd ask for a refund but I don't believe it fair that I do so -- Not after clearing so many hours of gameplay.I've got a 1080gtx, 16gb ram, 2600k I7 and it plays full speed on my wide screen. Until last week.So, if you don't suffer the crashes, it's a beautiful game and well worth digging into.Due to my frustration with this very very annoying (not allowed to swear otherwise this sentence would be  a blue streak) crash to desktop issue, I can't give it the 10/10 it really otherwise would deserve.Why oh WHY did someone slap a bug in there?!I've seen or heard nothing to fix this, a game I played for hours on, but no longer touch. Just because they will not fix the crash to desktop on loading a saved game. Whatever the problem is, I'll get back into it, if they just fix it.Please."
76561197971198510,Recommended,403640,29299398,Posted: 16 January,all,Shift,"Loved the first game, and this is really just more of the same which is no bad thing. Some really cool new powers to mess around with, and the hand to hand combat has also been improved from the first game. The fact that you can play as either Emily or Corvo is a nice touch, and I particularly like that you can refuse to use any powers at all. Excellent, immersive level design with fantastic graphics, and an intruiging plot. The fact that you approach your objectives in a whole manner of different ways encourages plenty of replayability. There were some optimisation issues at first where I had to run the game on very high settings, rather than ultra (that's peddlings a GTX 1070) but they seem to have been resolved now. Overall, great show!"
76561198277367364,Recommended,403640,29298156,Posted: 16 January,all,Madnesswithinme,"Ok, so I have played a few levels of this game now. It is amazing, the views, the details, and the way the charater moves. The improvement to blink and being able to jump again after using blink to achieve greater heights or drop attacks. stealth attacking is much improved and greatly more responsive. I have noticed a great deal of realism in the ways the characters react and how they respond to sounds along with use of the enviroment to attack you ( using rocks, glass, or other items they carry on themselves) if you loved the first game you are going to have a blast with this!"
,Recommended,403640,29299041,Posted: 16 January,all,eD SHEERAN BUT AutISCIC,"one of the sexiest games ive ever playedbecause of its viarity and re-playability, it really stands out"
,Recommended,403640,32925000,Posted: 28 June,all,Scythe,"My impression of this game is that it improves on Dishonored, which I really enjoyed, and doesn't take any steps backward.Completed a long playthrough with no bugs or crashes of any kind.  I do feel like I should've been able to push the graphics further for my rig, but it looked pretty good and kept about 60 fps.I simply can't imagine not recommending this game if you liked Dishonored."
,Recommended,403640,32914989,Posted: 27 June,all,Reptir,I had a lot of fun. All the non-lethal approaches were a bit more straight forward to find compared to the first game. Also there wasn't any dumb moments like in the first where a kill gets added to your counter if you dont talk to granny rags thus ruining the clean hands achievement. Have yet to try a High Chaos or Emily playthrough.
,Not Recommended,403640,26523365,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Rantoc,"Rewriting the review after several hours.1. The game could really have been a gem (if gfx isnt everything for you)2. It have an intressting story and good dialogue.3. It sounds are pretty good.BUT all the above are overshadowed by an appearent non existing QA with this product, it runs very poorly for the low gfx even on high-end systems, it even have leaking levels making it feels less polished than many free mods to other games.My recommendation for the future - Stop Preordering, wait for a real review, if good buy and if not wait for a discount and when discount is available see if its issues is fixed. If everyone had that policy in obtaining games i'm sure there would be less unpaid betatests like this one, since not polishing woud cost the devs more money than the actual QA.... We would start to get AAA products that works from day one. Dont you want that??"
,Recommended,403640,34536921,Posted: 27 August,all,Brotip,yes
,Recommended,403640,30339338,Posted: 5 March,all,Hellspawn,"Just buy it... You wont regret it. If not sure play dishonored (the first) before purchasing, this will allow you more insight in the world and also you can see if you like the combat/stealth system. I reccomend this at the highest."
76561197990353673,Not Recommended,403640,35133619,Posted: 22 September,all,welly,Amazing game but ive asked for a refund due to constant game crashes
,Recommended,403640,34883920,Posted: 11 September,all,Paper Awoo,Take my throne? Murdering spree.
76561198073952047,Recommended,403640,33551065,Posted: 14 July,all,ARC RC 1136,This game is a great sequal to the first. Offering just as much flexablity as the first while adding more. You can either play as Corvo or Emily and it changes the story a bit and the drive behind it. Altough you cant switch freely you have todo another play through making another reason to play it again. You can also chose not to even use the outsidders powers and go the whole game with out if you really want a challenge. Over all had fun with my first playthoughg as Corvo and plan to go back and do Emily next.
76561198012374319,Recommended,403640,33850672,Posted: 28 July,all,Le Cid,"Playing the first level I thought I would not enjoy the game. Without powers and with the limited abilities of the new character, it felt constrained and uninteresting. Fortunately this phase doesn't last and you quickly gain more abilities and weapons which enrich the gameplay.For some reason however, I did not find the feelings I had with the first Dishonored. It felt a lot like I was simply going through the moves to finish the game. I enjoyed doing so, but somewhat moderately. The parts with the robots especially felt like a chore.Overall I would still recommend the game. It is not stellar by any means, but it's a good action/infiltration game that gives the player a lot of freedom and possibilities on how to deal with the challenges."
76561198018669690,Recommended,403640,33958946,Posted: 1 August,all,Kinsman,Great game and similar to the first game. Only issue I have is the length. The old game was longer and that is not even including the two DLC expansions it offered.Also some of the levels lacked the epicness of many levels on the first game. By that I mean size and depth wise. Also fun levels like where you had to guess which party guests were a certain enemy character... little details that are not quite as epic this time around.Also I chose not to kill any of the characters I had to defeat expecting them to appear later in the game. That wasn't so and that is another thing the first game featured.It sounds like I am complaining but I am not. As I said this is more of the same and we all know the first game was such great fun. Again there are many secrets and sub-plots to discover. Again there is a depth of choice throughout.As one might expect the visuals are better in the newer game.So really this is a great game and it is the same as the first game in many ways. It just has a slightly shorter feel to it and there are slightly less creative elements.Jindosh's mansion is a masterpiece of 3D modelling and is amon the better levels.I definately would like to see a DLC at some point too.
,Recommended,403640,33954093,Posted: 1 August,all,Bskn,"It's still as cool as the first DishonoredTalking about Dishonored, it's always talking about how beautiful the game is. How all elements perfectly crafted by the teams who make that game. And this game is no different.Dishonored 2 tells the story after what happened in the first game. It tells the Empress Emily Kaldwin is dethroned by her new enemy, Delilah.The story is beautifuly told and what make it's even more amazing is how the character engaged to another character. How everything is connected. Whether you choose to kill your target or to spare them, it has it's own different story to tell.What I like about both game is the art design, where they use such ""artsy"" art to put inside the game, and it's amazing. The environment just tells you how beautiful the town is from the outside, and how destructive inside."
76561198004343452,Recommended,403640,26523808,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Max Blomqvist,"7 hours in, no major problems with FPS on ultra, don't see why everyone is so mad about it, so far no lagg at all, only time there's any lagg at all is during the end of a loading screen whn you have to click the button to continue, then the mouse laggs a bit.Story seems nice so far, gameplay is nice tho the clockwork soldiers are a bit hard when there's many of them.Have only played Corvo, gonna play grill when im done.Setup:Gtx EVGA 1070I7 6700k16 GB DDR4"
76561198011380639,Recommended,403640,26524429,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,FrainBreeze,"Totally what D1 fans hoped for. If your machine can run it, trust me, it wont disappoint you"
,Recommended,403640,26526050,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,cloudburst,"I absolutely love it but, it's poorly optimized. it has really crap fps and hopefully they fix it soon"
76561198210618980,Recommended,403640,26526117,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Dealketto,I LOVE IT from the very begining and as soon as i herd that there was a second one i just lost my jaw and this this one is THE BEST GAME EVER
,Recommended,403640,26531796,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,The Blacksmith,"For those of you with release day skeptics about whether or not this is a good game. Stop. Somethings wrong. This is an amazing game that everyone should play (not until they play 1 tho) and I've loved for half the day once I got my day early copy. From the gameplay to the visuals to the soundtrack, this game will struggle to dissapoint any and all of your expectations.And if you're a lore buff like I am OH BOY does some♥♥♥♥♥♥happen and cliffhangers occur, and I am already hyped for any dlc that gets announced. :D"
76561198209142233,Recommended,403640,26537026,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Selzar,This game is fun but harder than the first dishonored
,Recommended,403640,26538647,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Turambar,"No performance issues for me.Playing on a laptop with a GTX 960M and 16 GB RAM, High settings.The game continues the fun gameplay of the first Dishonored, with even more crazy powers and cool stuff to do.The missions are really beautiful and even better than the first game.Hopefully they can fix the issues some people are having so that this great game can get the credit it deserves."
,Recommended,403640,26548366,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Fapped It Dry,"Played through the entire campaign with a solid framerate of about 75 on high settings. dont know why so many people are having issues with this. Other than that great game, i am a huge fan of Dishonored.GTX 960Intel Core i5"
,Recommended,403640,26548945,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,darkmoon,"So far so good.Followed a few hints on how to make the game run smoother (Set pre-rendered frames to 1 in NVIDIA control panel), and except that the mouse tracking is really off and buggy (I decided to play with a controller instead until that's fixed) I haven't experienced anything very wrong with the game.I was expecting a far more beautiful game though. So far it looks more or less like the original. Perhaps some minor polishes, but all in all, the differences are subtle to be honest. Could've just gone with the older graphics engine.But the thing that struck me most was the intro... It sucked. The ""story"" and the voice acting... the overall acting (animation wise). It was really really lame.The first game built up this interesting world and then wow! WTF? But this game? You've seen it all in the commercials. And the build up is just ""meh"".I'm hoping that the story gets better. I thought the original had a solid story, and I hope this one will as well. The gameplay is kind of just more of the same, which I like.If I am to be really honest I think this game should have just been released as a quick follow up. It's not a massive improvement. It's just more of the same. Don't take this the wrong way though. I loved the first game, and I see few reasons why I shouldn't love this one as well. It's just that the difference between this and the original is like between L4D and L4D2. Not that big of a deal.EDIT:After playing for 21 hours I am very pleased. The intro did suck, but the game itself is just as good as the first one. I would'nt say that it's better, it is (as I said before) more of the same. So if you liked Dishonored I see no reason you wouldn't like Dishonored 2. The gameplay change isn't radical, it's subtle. The world (as I said before as well) looks just like the original. The new features don't really spice things up, they're just variations of the original gameplay. But so far I've gotten exactly what I wanted out of this game. It's kind of like the Batman: Arkham series. Great core gameplay, and consistent fun."
,Recommended,403640,26549078,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,wieczo,"An Other enemy, sneaking, eating all the food, shooting, sneaking, book reading, looking at beautifully ugly guards.I am enjoying it more that the first Dishonored. The controllers work well with the XBOX controller. The world is bigger, there is more to explore than in most levels of the first part.I can fully recommend this game to anyone who enjoyed the first or enjoys sneaking games.P.S: I have no graphic problems at all with a 1080."
,Recommended,403640,26550421,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,stillphoto,"I am really enjoying this game.   I have no idea what the negative reviews are talking about.  Beautiful graphics, interesting story, fun combat, it is a great game.  Also, for me the game runs great, I don’t know why others are saying they are having technical problems."
,Recommended,403640,26520110,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,SIDEKILLER,Dishonored 2 has been good to me. Great Gameplay that i enjoyed from the first one but now even better.i have notice some frame dips with a GTX 1080 with a I7 3770k but no game is perfect but its been siky smooth most of the playtime.I recommend this 95 percent
76561198248337368,Recommended,403640,26521744,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,j-croweman,"Well i have a i7 7600K and dual gtx980m and 64gb ram, and pci-e SSD on my laptop, honestly i have no issues with frame rate or stuff like that, the only thing is emilys blink ability needs a little work, but overall amazing game so far."
,Recommended,403640,26524451,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,MaleSensitivity,Feels great on PC.  Very well optimized!  I say buy it.
76561198004685296,Recommended,403640,26526864,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,N7Vain,"tbh i don't see anything wrong with the game, i've played it through with emily and i totally like it, ofc there are people having performance issues but i'd say turn down the resolution, AA switched over to FXAA, and GSync off and you have some FPS back, before you guys hate on the game or the publishers and say its the no mans sky #2, get some braincells and don't go instantly very high graphic settingsalso Rome didn't got Build in one Day, Give the Publishers some more time and Wait before you do Judge way too Fastjust wait for the 9GB big Day One Patch and it'll be BetterAlso Massive Shout Out to StealthGamerBR & Volound Can't wait to see the Creative Kills"
,Recommended,403640,26566945,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,C'Thulhu,"The days when performance affects recommendations.On my i7-4770k / 16GB RAM / 2 GTX 980s the game runs fine, only a few times it had dipped down to 45 frames which is still playable. And this is at full Ultra 1080 with 100% adaptive resolution and Nvidia HBAO+ enabled.Instead of complaining about ""bad port"" look for a resolution. Maybe a bad driver or settings. Don't like that 1 easily fixable issue give a great game a negative review."
76561198060913980,Recommended,403640,26512442,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,DOKKER,fix mouse and fps
,Recommended,403640,26512447,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Vusel,"First off: I'm running this with a gtx970, i5, 8GB ram, and it's totally fine in terms of performance. Looks beautiful, runs smoothly, only dropped some frames when entering big areas for the first time.Review of the actual game will come later, but for now it's beating the absolute♥♥♥♥♥♥out of Dishonored 1. Huge areas, great powers, combat, stealth options, everything. Would recommend so far."
,Recommended,403640,26514478,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Zee,"It's worth the buy; though wait a couple of days for the minor patches to help stablize the game. As for bugs, there's really nothing major, but I did spot an issue where you sometimes can't exit your journal by pressing ESC. As for the game's content quality, you better damn make sure to appreciate it."
,Recommended,403640,26517778,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,nathan22177,Item hitboxes - 12\10Noir Corvo - 20\10best game ever!
,Recommended,403640,26519589,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Ershany,"A great sequel to an amazing game!Everything about this game is better than the first. The overwall plot of the game is decent, but the lore is excellent!Combat is better than the first, and the levels are very open with so many things to do! Took me about 14 hours to beat the game, but there is many reasons to replay the game, so many different outcomes and different choices to make."
,Recommended,403640,26522549,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,rayepez,"I think this game is amazing. I'm not sure what everone is complaining about with FPS drops. They must have something wrong with their rigs or they aren't checking if they have the minimum specs. I played this game between 60-149 FPS on ultra. 16GB of RAM, gtx 1070 and i5 6600K.The story is everything I was waiting for in a sequel after the first game and the game looks great."
,Recommended,403640,26522574,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Sgt. Lincoln Osiris,"I haven't had any of the FPS issues that others seem to be having. I have a GTX 970 and run the game at high settings and 1920x1080 with a stable 60fps. The only thing is that theres some lag with the mouse during loading screens, but its gone by the time the game begins. Other than that, its a great game, if you liked the first, you'll like this one too."
,Recommended,403640,26523347,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,♦MetalGearMoggle♦,"Great game , ive no idea why people are talking about laggs when theyre on ultra settings , ive an i3 Nvidia geforce gtx 750ti and 16GB and i run it smoothly on ultra settings.I havent played alot of it but its a sequel of Dishonored 1 (as we tought) but the graphics didnt change  too much , theres more interaction with objects and gameplay is a bit cooler , idk if its worth 60 euros tho but still its a good game!"
76561197989272311,Recommended,403640,26526106,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,ace7492,"Just finished the game completely with Corvo. Over 35 hours and alot of fun. Really good story after the 3rd chapter it starts getting much better, especially if you played the DLC content for the original Dishonored. I had no stutter or FPS drops throughout the game. On a single 980ti with 16gb mem I would highly recommend this game.I have read alot of people have been having problems with it but there are clearly some people who have been able to play and enjoy the game. I am glad I got it early and I am anxious to start another playthrough with Emily.I have read alot of the stuff on steam forums and everyone says they dont believe it when people say they had good performance. So here is footage of my game running well.https://youtu.be/zAcIhS8QXSQ"
,Recommended,403640,26526349,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,{ ジャック} Pantsu!,"Okay so Im gonna be Honest... I dont know why people are complaining about Lag, Because Im running aGTX 970I5 4670K8GB RAMAnd im having no problems at all, Stable 60FPS All the time."
,Recommended,403640,26526830,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Blind Asabat,"A roundhouse kick in the nostalgia, Dishonored 2 holds very firmly onto the design, gameplay and world of its predecessor without sinking into stagnacity, escaping beyond the walls of Dunwall yet still retaining its intrinsic steampunk-esque character.  Its dynamic gameplay, considerable in-level exploration and flexibility allows you to play as you *want* to play whether it be pacifist, mass murderer or ninja in the night.  There is a certain satisfaction in ghosting one's way through a level, although I would recommend saving before AND after you think ""I wonder if this might work...""For those that enjoyed Dishonored, you are certain at least to enjoy the story development, aesthetics and the satisfaction of beating that one guard you've been waiting to walk past you for 5 minutes into a bloody pulp before chucking him in the dustbin."
,Recommended,403640,26526920,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Politiskt Inkorrekt Pappa,"Dishonored 2 early review!-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Edit: I'm now almost at the end of my first playthrough and damn what an exciting game!!!I even think it's got a stronger story that the first Dishonored and the sluggishness I felt the first few minutes are gone and I can now speedrun if I want to so no problems on that department!I've had a corrupt save-file which was a bit annoying, but I save really often - as you do on sneaky games - so it wasn't a big issue, but it must be adressed.This game is a clear 5 out of 5 and the best story to date in ANY game, ever!!!It's easily on par with the Tex Murphy games, albeit they are in a very different category - but they were really well scripted.No spoilers here but there are a few surprises in the story and quite a few connections to characters in Dishonored - one I had my suspicion about which (sadly) turned out true... But well written and it really made sense.The game is hard. Really hard. But you have so many different ways to play it and eventually you find the flow and things goes easier.Apart from the corrupt save-file I've had no issues whatsoever. Not even drop in framerate - which I expected with my somewhat old i7 rig, with ""only"" a GTX 970. Easily 60 fps @ 1080pTL;DR - Best game in a very long time and if you haven't bought it already then just do it!End edit.-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------I figured most people would play like Emily so I went with Corvo for my first 100% blind run. (I've only seen a brief demo but nothing else)I decided to go for no kills the first run and it's been hard so far and you can forget collecting all runes is some areas without using massive amounts of sleep darts...First impressions then:The game is a bit more sluggish than the first instalment, but that game was so fluent it's hard to achieve again...?It is pretty hard at times and it took a bit of time before I got the hang of things, but after a couple of hours I don't find it sluggish or less fluent so that is nice!It is very linerar initially but I assume this will change pretty soon, but some areas are clearly designed for Emilys powers and not Corvos, but there are always plenty of paths.I have also not read any reviews and just as I was going to write this review I noticed that it gad mixed reviews so far? I don't. This is a great game and the scenery is stunning and so far the story is fantastic!I've got a GTX 970 and my framerate is solid. If it has dropped to 30 FPS at some stage I haven't noticed it.The percieved framerate is excellent imho! (on my rig at least)I'm sure there'll be a few patches for things discovered but I don't regret buying Dishonored 2 early and at full price because so far it is worth it!"
76561198031966938,Recommended,403640,26527189,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,SCHNAAAACKS,"I played Dishonored, so there is quite a bit of nostalgia, but even so I have to say the game is great. the story is great, it plays a lot like the former dishonored game. that said i have experienced a few things tied to optimization that need fixing before I'd call the experience great.my rig is:Windows 10GTX 970I7 6700game is on HDD 720016 GB DDR4I play it on 4K, so some things have been set down from ultra to high, the ones I found I could live with, and it's still a beautiful game running 40 fps, but the things that need help are the mouse (it has a lot of settings like smoothing, but even still, it's not that good), the blocking and the powers/gadgets menu. I haven't experienced any dips in framerate, but I do have a good setup, so I don't think my experience will count for that many. keep your video drivers updated, it's crucial, and too many people forget it.I will recommend the game, in the current state it is in, but I will remind you that I am very fond of the franchise already. when they fully optimize it, which I am sure they will, it will definitely be worth 60 euros, but untill then, if you're new to the franchise, you should get the first game and play that, 'cause it's great, and then jump into this one.hope this helps some people :)"
76561198062190334,Recommended,403640,26532826,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,-REKT- deathstrike21,"Dishonored 2 is amazing, it's exactly the sequel that the first game deserves.  The gameplay is solid as ever and it feels more open world compared to the first one.  The powers have been expanded and taken in directions I love, from Domino, allowing you to take out entire rooms at once to Corvo's new enhancments to his powers, such as spartan kicking someone at lightspeed and sending them flying.  The cast is just as varied and amazing as the first, however.  I feel as though the story is slightly lacking in the second installment.  Basiclly, Emily and Corvo get blamed for a string of murders commited by someone known as ""The Crown Killer"". Thats not spoilers, its the first ten seconds of the game.  Suddenly Delilah Copperspoon from the Knife of Dunwall DLC rolls up and kicks Emily off her throne.  However it feels like theres an extreme lack of evidence to try Corvo and Emily.  I feel a better start would have been having the Crown Killer take out somone while Corvo and Emily are there.  If you explore around a little bit in the escape from Dunwall Tower you find a victim of the Crown Killer a block away.  Other than the rocky start the game's story is soild as hell.  I've heard that preformace is a huge issue but I didn't have any issues past some frame tanks during cutscenes for about three seconds, then it jumped back up to 60.  I really love this game and truly hope a patch gets put out soon to help everyone who is having issues.  I love this game with every fiber of my being and I dont regret my preorder in the slightest.  The first Dishonored is a work of art and my favorite game of all time, this is a worthy sequel."
76561198124042287,Recommended,403640,26532981,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Knight Captain Otaku,"I'm really enjoying the game so far, BUT my frames have dropped super low...to like 35 fps on a 980 ti in really demanding places. So, careful."
,Recommended,403640,26534444,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Dracoliat,"A lot of people here have been harping on about performance. The performance is certainly not ideal, but it's not so bad as to make it unplayable. Personally I still find myself enjoying the story, the new world, and the various challenges you need to overcome.If you liked the original Dishonored, you know what to expect. A deepened story and lore, harder challenges and more aveneus of stealth, attack, and escape.I gladly reccomend this game, though if performance is a huge deal to you, I suggest waiting a week or two."
76561198233446808,Recommended,403640,26537696,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,georgnov52,"Very interesting gameplay,lot of creativeness,thanks"
76561197983437755,Recommended,403640,26548826,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,dragnon1979,"So far it is a really good game. I have not had any issues with framerate as others have reported. Running a i7 6700k @ 4GHz, 16 GB RAM, nvidia 980ti. All game settings are set between high and ultra. Only thing I did before running the game was open the Nvidia GeForce Experience and optimizied the game."
,Recommended,403640,26550363,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,SketchyBrown,"Launch-window optimization problems aside, this is another high bar set for the ""Deus Ex-Style-Crouch-Walker/FPS/RPG"" genre.Once your rig can run it, unconditionally recommended."
,Recommended,403640,26521701,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,BeardAndPipe,"4770k GTX1080 reporting in. Quick talk about the poor performance: I'm getting a solid +140 with everything maxed on ultra at 1080p. There was very slight tearing in the tutorial stage, butt the main stages are looking solid as well. System load is at about 18% so I think much weaker systems could expect to great playability.I will update this preliminary ""review"" once issues occur or I have finished the game."
76561198124400183,Recommended,403640,26572146,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,grocker1119,They fixed the lag and the games really good
76561197986414684,Recommended,403640,27151912,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Top Hat,Great Story and an amazing successor to the original.
,Recommended,403640,27192002,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Olex,I like :>>
76561198000065932,Recommended,403640,27685850,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Shlock,Nominated for best preorder of 2016
76561198039647275,Recommended,403640,27727536,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Hiconel,"Just an incredible game. Played the first one, which quickly became my favorite game and now with the release of the second one, it replaced the previous leader. The level-design, the gameplay and the overall mechanics this game offers are unbelieveably good, so I can only recommend this game."
,Recommended,403640,27734414,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Aaron Cool Guy,"This is truly a great game and it really does do the original justice. There are a few complaints that I have however, the rocky release of the game with the poor framerate issues was bad but has mostly been fixed, however my biggest complaint is trying to do a complete stealth mode guys can literally see you through walls or through doors that they should not be able to see you through. Very frustrating when trying to complete something the game offers but won't let you complete. Other than that, great gameplay rich story with very diverse characters and multiple ways to play the game to keep it fresh and make it yours"
,Recommended,403640,26514431,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Brazzers,一有反射就卡，其他的优化都还好
,Recommended,403640,26539868,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Ocean,"0 technical issues whatsoever, enjoyable and familiar gameplay with some welcome additions as well as intriguing and robust level design makes this game a worthy sucessor to dishonored 1."
76561198147010089,Recommended,403640,26548988,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,K-Bar,"So i have only played about 30 minutes so far and already came across graphical problems such as white spots along the outline of objects during cutscenes and during gameplay, i started off with hitting between 60-80 frames then once i entered a room it dropped right down to 20-25 frames. Im also playing on low settings with a Intel Core i5-6600 CPU @ 3.30GHz and my graphics card being a AMD Radeon R9 200 Series (think its 290) which i had hoped to be able to play at around medium to high settings. Although graphics/frame rate wise this game has disappointed me i loved the first one and this still hasnt deterred me from purchasing and keeping the second. They have said a patch will be coming out in the following days so i still have hope to be able to continue playing this and enjoying it as much as i enjoyed the first."
,Recommended,403640,26696979,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Dane,"Loved the first one and love this one too. But don't buy it if you don't have the rig for it.Only downsize I see is it's a bit short, but I feelt that with the first one too  :D"
,Recommended,403640,27080156,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Bubbles,Whoever said this game was 10 hours long clearly didn't explore the levels very well.
,Recommended,403640,27141526,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Tesseract,Huge amount of replay value
,Recommended,403640,27149160,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Butthole-Detective Bick Daggins,"For me the performance issuse wasn't too  much of an issue since, i wanted to do the 100% stealth and zero kill run.So with that out of the way, i think Dishonored 2 did everything a sequel should, props to the developers!Although I encountered some bugs i still would like to recommend it.As great as the orgiinal!"
,Recommended,403640,27194399,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Papa Francis,-Getting dishonored again-Still murdering people to prove i didn't murder people-Getting back my throne-Kill someone who couldn't be killed like 1 day ago-???-Profit7/5 would play again
,Recommended,403640,27216272,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Duracell,It's good. Very good.
,Recommended,403640,27217754,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,飞天胡萝卜！,-Fantastic plot.-Functions well on my pc with the recommended settings.
,Recommended,403640,27271178,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Lord Eandrel,"Dishonored 2, while a very fun and interesting game, still  is troubled by the perfomance.The game is:-Very fun-Full of murder-Full of frame issuesAlong with the frame issues you've no doubt heard about, it is not as charming as the original Dishonored.This, however, does not impact the fun- I'm currently in the middle of my second playthrough, and look forward to my third playthrough (with no powers).A recent patch has given me around ~15 frames more, so there's definitely improvement. If they stop patching it, I can't recommend it. But right now I do, because it's just damn fun."
,Recommended,403640,27405356,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,DeV ZA(Youtube),Great game love the idea and art hard to play but very fun performance not the best but for a pc that is up to its specs i think 40+ frames on the worst areas isnt bad
,Recommended,403640,27543201,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Kampfhirn,Who liked Dishonored 1 will like the second one too. Be aware of the required system specs though!
76561198091913889,Recommended,403640,27748439,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,ToastyMicFunBuns,after playing a while with my graphics card and processer GTX 670 i new it really wasent gonna cut it so i took more measures and i bought myself a new pc Tower graphics card GTX 1060 with all new processer and such and i can happily say it works a hell of a lot better then before for dam sure still a little jittery at times but not as much as before for those of you who have GTX 1060 like i do im sure we can not complain that much cause it still runs pretty well with that being said if you have a graphics card GTX 670 its not gonna cut it your better off getting a better processer and graphics card and it should work fine after that so far i can say the game is 9/10 for me :)!
76561198005450213,Recommended,403640,27312616,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Cmdr. MaDureik,It´s an okay Game. :) But not the best
,Recommended,403640,27313813,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Broxxar,Don't play as Powerless-Non-Lethal-Ghost-Emily unless you're ready to invest in a 30 hour quick save nightmare.
76561198012434524,Recommended,403640,27508962,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,woor,Some minor bugs but a good sequel anyway.
76561198093144876,Recommended,403640,27566095,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,0.2 ALOGA,Most definitely the successor to the original Dishonored.
,Recommended,403640,27739983,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Toilet Chicken,"Amazing game that I don't regret getting, even with the a optimization on release. Since then, Arkane has fixed a bunch of major issues with the performance, with more patches and updates to come. The game is brilliant, and while the campaign is a bit short, two playable characters and several different choices, endings, and ways to play give this game impressive replay value that won't go stale. Currently i have 30+ hours in the game, with many more to come."
76561197992040647,Recommended,403640,28178237,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,mr mcgoo,Game ran okay but mouse movement was erratice.  Downloaded beta patch which fixed mouse issues and game runs fine.
,Recommended,403640,28450925,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Tortoise348,"i love the origonal dishonered, over a thousand hours, and i can say the same for dishonered 2, all it needs is performance and reasonable dlc, and this game will be great"
,Recommended,403640,27096113,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,pantsu_lover86,"Game plays just like the original Dishonored. Except it has some performance issues on release. There should be a performance patch update soon. But if you're not too high on it being graphics heavy, which the lowest settings kinda already looks like Dishonored 1, its defintely worth the money and the time you can put into it along with its revamped AI and new mechanics."
,Recommended,403640,27243610,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,???,haHAA SKADOOOOOSH haHAAim 12 btw haHAA
76561198076398940,Recommended,403640,27264738,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Exp1071,"Dark and Great in its own way, personally no technical issues on gtx970."
,Recommended,403640,27319610,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Raw,Nice
,Recommended,403640,27393691,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,AntyCrix,After the recent patch I'm definitely glad I purchased this game. Lives up to the first game's name.
76561197962085200,Recommended,403640,27510826,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Raiden6198,"I personally absolutely love this game. I have yet to finish it but i have spent countless hours exploring their dynamic maps and going further into the story. The gameplay is great and a massive improvement from the previous game (which I also love). The story, even though I have not finished it yet, is absolutely glorious with many opportunities to completely change it and go your own route. You are still able to go completely stealthy and no kills and it even has a more dynamic way of telling you how you did. The option to play as two different characters with completely different powers is absolutely amazing and one of my personal favorite things about the game. Not only that, but they even allow you to completely deny your powers at the beginning of the game. The characters are very interesting and I actually enjoyed listening to their stories and reading things about them. I also had my mind blown when I noticed that some of the main characters that you meet completely change depending on what you do in certain missions.Now for the one problem with the game. That is that the game struggles with performance. It hasnt been much of a problem for me as i have an overclocked gtx 1060, but it has been a big problem for others. I have had slight problems with it going from 60 fps down to 40 or something like that every once in a while, but nothing too big. The developers have been working on it quite a bit with beta patches and such which do definitely help, but dont exactly solve the problem.Overall i still definitely recommend the game. I feel that all of the rest of the things this game does well shouldnt be overlooks simply because it doesnt run at 100%.Edit: I have now completed the game as Emily in a high chaos playthrough and i have to say it is by far the best dishonored storyline of the 3. Now all i have to do is play through it again in low chaos and play the 2 as Corvo as well. As well as all of the challenge playthroughs."
76561198197475791,Recommended,403640,27678596,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,UnGuilty,Better game than Dishonored 1. Very good story. Highly recommend this game. Worth of buying.
,Recommended,403640,27749371,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,CarrotMist,Even better than the first game. I extrememly reccomend it.
76561197984934939,Recommended,403640,27751309,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,zerol,"An excellent game. Easily Game of the Year.The story is captivating; the gameplay has a good balance with stealth, powers.As for the reported performance problems, with a i7 3.6 GHz, 8 GB and a GTX970, I did not experience those - even at launch before the first patches (unlike ""Just Cause 3"" for instance)."
,Recommended,403640,27871370,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Sool,It's way challenging then Dishonored 1
76561198004431735,Recommended,403640,28172311,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,feldor,"I have played Dishonored first and now, after some thought, I bought the second one. I read that there were some performance issues and I noticed them too, even after the latest patch. Then I also noticed that owning nvidia card and having Geforce experience to decide what the settings should be is a no way to go. I manually set my settings and now it works just fine.  Sometimes I wonder, why the whole Geforce Experience was made...Back to the game. It starts with 2 choices, you can either be the ""good old"" Corvo or now, Emily. I chose to play Corvo for now.Graphics are good, not fantastic imo, but good and with the mentioned manual settings I was able to get pretty much 60fps gameplay with this system:(sorry flooding here) :Operating SystemWindows 10 Pro 64-bitCPUIntel Core i7 4790K @ 4.00GHz	35 °CHaswell 22nm TechnologyRAM16,0GB Dual-Channel DDR3 @ 799MHz (10-10-10-30)MotherboardGigabyte Technology Co. Ltd. Z97X-Gaming 5 (SOCKET 0)	28 °CGraphicsAcer GD245HQ (1920x1080@60Hz)4095MB NVIDIA GeForce GTX 980 (ASUStek Computer Inc)	43 °CForceWare version: 376.09If you still read after that, I have to say I love this game. It is a bit limited ""openworld wise"" if you compare this to like Skyrim or GTA IV, but that is to be expected. On those limits this game has, you can do a lot of things and, if like me, do some funny things outside the ""trying to finish the game"" :)Story seems, so far at least, good. As said I started with Corvo so I have no idea how it would start and be with the other character.Saves are limited as with Dishonored 1. I don't like it as I'm a casual player, but I can live with it, just deleting old saves..Sound is great, music is not much different from the part 1, so there is no constant background music. In the end, this easily wins one of the games of 2016 on my records. But, I have yet to play this more so opinion can change... towards both ways of course;)Cheers..."
76561198010602611,Recommended,403640,28174230,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,LakeSide,"11 hrs in, I love it. Already reminds me of why I missed this series so much. Will update my review in 30 or so more hrs."
,Recommended,403640,28295526,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,{TGH Gaming} NERDTOTHEMAX,"If you ever played the first dishonored, this one takes what made that game amazing and just enhanced it. The levels are amazing and the gameplay is the most fun I've had in a while. While there are performance issues that people have been having, I have been having very little issues and would strongly recommend this game to everyone who enjoys stealth action games."
,Recommended,403640,27437236,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,SekaiZ,"Just like the last one, it has awesome creativity features, good story, and something to keep your brain thinking : What will happen if i do this? The possibilities are endless. I know this game is getting a lot of hate because of its optimization, i hate it too and i really hope that the devs will fix these annoying optimization. Overall it is a really good game with bad PC port.. sadly"
76561198096401923,Recommended,403640,27717334,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Fun_Boy_town,"I watched a play through of this game when it first came out, and enjoyed it, but I really didn't know what steam was. Then when I got a steam account I bought the game, but didnt realize I couldent play it on a mac and I didnt have a PC. Fast forward a few more years and Dishonored 2 is announced. A few months later I get a PC and start playing Dishonored. I then preorer Dishonored 2, loving the first game. I download Dishonored to only to find I cant run it over 10 FPS. Time to wait another few years to get a better PC."
76561198042408529,Recommended,403640,27990497,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,TranqualizeR,"2 Words : Absolutely Worth (P.S. if you complaining about price or fps problem , just wait a little bit longer)"
,Recommended,403640,28003227,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Milan,"Awesome game, highly recommend it!"
76561198096223420,Recommended,403640,28011302,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,danielgordon,"Sneaky stabby stealthing, atmosphere you can smell, mad detail. Blinking around rooftops and beams is sweet w momentum physics. Searching for runes & bone charms uncovers gorgeous environments that are not always part of the main story. Btw An Enhanced Eyes upgrade spares you from peering into every dark crevice.Performance: 60+ fps on Win7 rig w i7 8GB gtx980SETTINGS: 1920 x 1080 (Windowed)ALL ULTRA or YES except for:V-Sync NOAdaptive Resolution OFFWater MEDIUMView Distance HIGHShadow HIGHDepth of Field NORat & Bloodfly Shadows NONVIDIA Control Panel Settings:HIGH PERFORMANCETriple Buffering ONMaximum Pre-Rendered Frames: 1"
76561198114093310,Recommended,403640,28014741,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Skullshredder,"I don't even know where to start... I've been anticipating this game ever since the first trailer came out, and I've hoped that it lived up to all the hype and excitement that it had been building up, and it did. From the first time I played it, to the next million playthroughs I do of it, I will enjoy the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of this game. I loovvvvvvveeeeeeddddd the story as much as I was hoping, and the new combat elements had me stuck in High Chaos for the longest time ha. I still enjoyed it, thoughJessamine didn't quite like the way I was going about it. VERY GOOD GAME!!!!!!!!!!!! RECOMMEND GAME DEF"
,Recommended,403640,28198034,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Kiyasu,"Runs fine for me, has since the first patch, ran at around 45 fps before that which wasn't great but not world ending."
76561198069578132,Recommended,403640,28352865,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Almightyeragon,"Some lag, usually when auto saving, but a great game never the less"
76561198093546922,Recommended,403640,27109154,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Chilongqua,This game is a masterpiece!
76561198191717381,Recommended,403640,27116912,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,CrystalClear,"it would be best game in the world, but optimization is killing it. for me this is GOTY."
,Recommended,403640,27166018,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Alwyn,"Well, the game itself is very good like the first one. Great level design which makes for an interesting stealth play. On the more violent side the combat can be very satisfying, once the dynamic of your powers are mastered.But...It's been pretty well talked about already but there is that issue of absolute crap performance on some high end rigs on PC. Publishers have essentially adopted the view of ""get it out of the door so we can make muchos dough and see about patching it later once we got these suckas' money..."" (For the record: I am one of those… -_-' yeah… I know). Having said that it's running pretty ok on my setup (i7 3770K, 16GB Ram, SSD, GTX980Ti, 1920x1200) with the beta patch.On another side note in the category of insignificant annoyances until you run into them: NO automatic start of the level save. This is especially grating when you forget to do hard saves for quite a while and find out that 1 single lonely NPC has somehow died! (...allegedly ...perhaps suffocating under the ceiling high pile of burly sleeping guardsmen stashed in that one room... who knows... why are you looking at me?!?)Very annoying especially when you got limited time to play as life goes on beyond the virtual after all."
76561197970988868,Recommended,403640,27171509,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,swowsk,Game will be very replayable because of multiple characters
,Recommended,403640,27174644,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,C-JAY,just buy it!!!
76561198111924924,Recommended,403640,27176610,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,darkwarrior0990,nice game :)
76561198073345931,Recommended,403640,27236834,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Commander Stark,This game has some frame issues but it is a great game and if you liked the first one you will not be dissapointed
76561198156715161,Recommended,403640,27315869,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Gandalf,"Even though people are complaining about this game being bad, I still love it."
,Recommended,403640,27349922,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Narwal,"i love it just as much of the first, but u must need a good enough PC to run :)"
,Recommended,403640,27368168,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,theamychan,it's real good
,Recommended,403640,27373501,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Luihe,"10/10 from me. Brings back the nostalgia from the first one and is well done for a sequel. Story is great. Gameplay is great. I run this smoothly. Little to no problems. Specs: gtx 980m, intel i7, 16gb ram."
,Recommended,403640,27374959,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,zhuzhubear,"I got the beta patch and it doesn't seem to have too many issues. In terms of the gameplay, it's great."
,Recommended,403640,28009502,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Bryan,BEST GAME EVER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,403640,28014157,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,CptPatrickDKirk,"Aside from some minor performance issues at launch (which are being worked on) the game feels just like the original in the best way possible. The powers are as amazing as ever, and the two different character paths make for plenty of replayability!"
,Recommended,403640,28105653,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,George Bashington,"In a nutshell: best F5/F9 simulator ever. 10/10, would play ghost approach and end up with one guard dead for God knows what reason again.The game is the same as its elder brother. Tech problems are now solved, at least as far as I'm concerned I did not experience more than a very few stutters. So, this and the many negative reviews related to this, should not prevent you from buying a very good game anymore.It's the same as Dishonored, as I said. So, it shares the same pros and cons.Pros: playing a totally stealthy character is still really enjoyable. It takes ages to crawl through a level if you try this kind of approach, and that's what makes the game's spirit. Brutal force can be tried, at least from time to time, but is far less interesting. Fights are very short and lack ""feeling"". Clearly, Dishonored 2 was not meant to be rushed sword in hand.The universe is, of course, the same as in the first opus. It's very coherent, gothic, steampunk, a bit gory, with lots of stuff to read and listen to. So if you expect something as different as Bioshock Infinite was different from Bioshock in terms of design, you're up for some disappointment.It's also a lot more detailed, graphically speaking, than the first game. Not always jaw-dropping, but very beautiful nonetheless.Cons: well... it might look like a big DLC for Dishonored rather than a brand new game but eh, Fallout 2 was just a wee bit better and bigger than Fallout and yet, both are must-have games. It must have taken a pretty long time to create all these new levels, new textures, dialogues, documents, etc. It's totally worth the price charged. So, unless you consider that two games that look alike should not be sold with different labels, which would make no sense in a world full of full-priced sequels, it shouldn't be a problem.Conclusion: worth every buck you'll spend in it, even if you buy it right away, at full price. It's a really, really good one."
,Recommended,403640,28172144,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Pokiest,"FPS BOOST: Turn off V-Sync, it seems to have raised my average fps by about 20STORY:Starting right in the beginning, I was impressed. The game explained the entire backstory and plot just enough to not spoil the first game but to give you an idea of what the game is, just incase you hadn't played the first Dishonored. The plot is setup well, and the choice of Emily or Corvo fits well with either choice. (Although the game seems to want you to pick Emily.) Parts of this game take place in Dunwall, and I was hoping to see some of the places I had seen in the first game. This didn't happen. However overall, it's a well-driven story.PERFORMANCE:I run the game around 30 fps, with the occasional spike to 60 fps in areas that aren't very graphically demanding. The adaptive resolution method works, but makes the game look terrible.Specs:Fx-630016gb ddr3gtx 750tiPros:•Well established plot•New and old abilities•Lots of history and culture•Choice of character (Male-Corvo/Female-Emily)•Many different methods to complete missions•Tutorials in the menu to learn mechanics•AutosavesCons:•There is no real indication as to whether or not you're completely undetected•The sensitivity is low no matter how high you set it•The VOID engine makes the game very hard to run•The solution to very low graphics make the game look VERY bad•Steam overlay doesn't seem to work in the VOID engine•Little to no places to hide bodiesOverall I still recommend Dishonored 2 because the game itself is very well put together, and the graphical issues introduced on PC have an ""Adaptive Resolution"" option that makes the game playable (Even though it looks horrible)."
76561198144836814,Recommended,403640,28195960,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Uramenshi,"I've wanted to play this game since its announcement and holy cow I'm so happy I got what I expected.This game is truly a masterpiece, the art style, the atmopshere, the music, the powers and the enviroment, it's all perfect.It is really good, you can tell the AI has really improved from Dish1.It is original, has insane replay value (thanks to the ability to play 2 different characters and the amount of ways you can find to go somewhere).Lethally or nonlethally this game is always fun and interesting.The only bad part probably is the bad PC port, but most of the times I honestly got carried away by the beauty of the game and didn't even notice the frame drops.Anyway the framerate problems are being fixed while I write this, so that's something."
76561197983741838,Recommended,403640,28444442,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Griff,Phenom 2 support added so I'm giving positive review ... thanks Arkane
,Recommended,403640,28493874,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Boehm,"I can't believe this game has mixed reviews atm. This game is just as good, if not, better than the First Dishonored... yet Dishonored had overwhemling review stats compared to Dishonored 2.This game is very good, I had no problems except some parts where i can't find a graping trigger when i want to grab someone from behind, which can be frustrating when you're trying to get 100% stealth.Other than that. I loved it, and not dissapointed."
76561198120424170,Recommended,403640,27145675,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Sexy Squidward,I definetly recommend this. Sneaking and hiding in the darkness without killing anyone on hard mode is nice way to challenge yourself. Doing it without supernatural powers will be a great challenge. Also the story is great and wasn't confusing to player who haven't played the first one.
76561198101435870,Recommended,403640,27236220,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Stanners,This is game is probably my game of the year.
76561198045856664,Recommended,403640,27262886,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Mrpoor the Dinosaur,"I don't know what everyone is talking about it running like crap. When I play it runs beautifully and everything except my graphics card is 5 years oldProcessor: AMD FX9tm)-8150 Eight-Core ProcessorRam: 8 GBGraphics Card: Nvidia GTX 970This game is absolutely stunning and there are very very few things I dislike, I love the gameplay, the story is stunning so far (haven't finished quite yet :P) the scenary is amazing.Literally the only problem I have is what feels like a small radius for Dark vision even when upgraded and sometimes you can't knockout people sitting in chairs. LITERALLY MY ONLY PROBLEMS SO FAR, if anything crazy happens I'll update this.But from me to you, if your computer can handle this game, you will absolutely love it.IF your computer can't handle it, just grab a refund and go enjoy another game."
,Recommended,403640,27264093,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Strelok,Spectacular!
76561198240842314,Recommended,403640,27268577,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,♛ Poedersuiker,Is cool
,Recommended,403640,27348111,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Demonic Goddess,"This game is very well done, But there is still flaws an even then its not black an white on good an bad choices.Let me Explain,Sure your given a blue Cross hair for good choice, and a Red For Bad.  How ever in my opinion the good choice is still as bad as the bad choice, Clock War manor i wont say what happens but I mean is he better that way then dead?I think that its nice to let him live, But he isnt betterNow for pros and consProsBetter A.i,Choice to have powers or notHe is the Father,  She is the Daughter,Better DialogCons,Better A.iNo Powers Mode,Forced Story / Love Suddenly,To much Tech in a short time. / Soiciaty Advancments.Different powers for The main CharsAll an all the game is great."
,Recommended,403640,27351227,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Dale Doback,"Great Game, Great Story, Fun gameplay and mulitply ways to play. So far i have played through a low cahos Emily playthrough and have not experienced any performance issues lik other people are reporting, but that's just me."
,Recommended,403640,27368982,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Admiral Ackbar,kinda broken but a really good game and story... after fix 9/10
,Recommended,403640,27443624,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,LogicBlue,"If you think it could not get any better, Then here it is.One amazing story to play trough and what a gameplay, if you liked dishonerd. You need to try this!"
,Recommended,403640,27755927,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,fieuke,Great game
,Recommended,403640,27982644,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,The Worst Case Scenario,"tl;dr plot isn't amazing but the gameplay and amazing level design makes up for itI spent 32 hours on my first playthrough of this game. I loved the original and was more than happy to purchase the sequal but I kept my hopes low in case the game didn't live up to it's name.Luckily it did. Although there were some initial performance issues many have been drastically reduced or removed, granting me a 20+ fps boost if not more. It's still not perfect but performance is not a reason to give up on this title.As far as gameplay, I've beaten the game once as Corvo playing full stealth, nonlethally, without powers, on the hardest difficulty. This run took me 32 hours and it revealed exactly how much thought went into the levels. The world is filled with back alleys, rooftops, hidden paths, and any number of other interesting scenarios to explore as well as some excellently-written lore pieces and notes. I don't normally like reading newspapers scattered in a game but Dishonored 2 made it worth it. Every mission was interesting and even my least favorite was still an amazing presentation of a level.My one gripe is this, well, two things. As a small point there are a few lines of dialogue that seem unnatural or poorly read, but this is common in most games so I won't make a big deal of it. More importantly, because the game allows you to play without powers, there is almost always a way to reach an objective without them. This isn't a bad thing in and of itself but in playing again with powers some of the challenges now seem far too easy or not even like challenges at all. What previously took an hour now takes a minute with a few blinks or far-reaches. This might just be a result of my choosing to play without powers first but powers do certainly cheapen many of the games more challenging areas.All in all I loved Dishonored 2, it might be my favorite game of the year. Consider it if you're a fan of the franchise or someone looking for a study in excellent level and mission design. Even though it's not perfect, Dishonored 2 is a game I'll be pouring much more time into and I'll be enjoying every minute."
76561198052645337,Recommended,403640,28267834,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,techtwotiger,"The game is pretty passable, so whatever gamebreaking bugs people were finding didn't make it into my version of the game. That aside, I played a nonlethal powerless run and I can say without a doubt that the powerless option is the most pointless, dissapointing, infuriating, bad, terrible option they put in the game. It's a complete waste of time. There's no acknowledgement from the ending, which renders my decision to not use powers meaningless. I chose it expecting that doing so would save Emily from being corrupted or manipulated by the outsider, but it was actually meaningless which infuriates me to no end since I really cared about giving Emily the best ending possible.As for nonlethal options, most of the game is pretty good with giving nonlethal/low chaos options for the targets, with the notable exception of the ending level. Not only did I get no indication there was a nonlethal option by the game, but when I was forced to look up the method on the internet, I encountered a bug which prevented me from completing the game without replaying half the level.Similar to the first Dishonored, the ending cinematic feels short and incomplete, more like a reminder of the decisions you made rather than an actual ending. I was left feeling cheated of the ending I though the game deserved. I suppose I was naive in thinking that I could get a fulfilling story from a game that obviously prioritizes gameplay, but that would have brought Dishonored 2 from a passable game to a great game. Too bad.I'd recommend this game to a person wanting to kill or choke their way to power since the gameplay is generally as good if not better than the first game, just don't expect much from the story."
,Recommended,403640,28355500,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Sarkazam,"They are working on patches to fix the optimization issues, but I haven't had too much trouble. I played through the game, and I loved it. However, while this review is recommending the game, just give it some time while they polish everything out, and when it's all fixed and done, you will have one hell of a time with this game."
76561197984459792,Recommended,403640,27307648,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Tommy,"Great story, gorgeous graphics... Can't stop playing. Strongly recommend Dishonored 2."
76561198076419213,Recommended,403640,27349373,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Hotchner,"I bought this game on the relese day and didn't have any problem with it, even tho I don't have high end pc (gtx 670 etc.). Solid 40-70 fps, not a single crash. I think most o peoples problems are coused by lack of knowledge. PC is not a console, you need to take care of it to run smooth and with no problems.Game is great, I will complete it for more than once for sure."
,Recommended,403640,27368123,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Marksnus,"Dishonored 2 is a great game following a already fantastic first game which i hardly recommend you play before playing this one. Its stealth and combat is very impressive and with 2 characters and the choice of playing without ""outsider powers"" the game has ample replay value."
76561198045396257,Recommended,403640,27370310,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,stanly1249,"11/10 i'm gonna play again. stealth, not stealth, it don't matter, i'm getting my thrown back"
76561198138354661,Recommended,403640,27375598,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,ClassyKiller,I loved this game. A great sequal to a great classic. IGN 11/11.5
,Recommended,403640,27379012,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Vonloke,"Great game, excellent voice cast, amazing visuals, horrible compatibility."
76561198063194088,Recommended,403640,27392975,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,fishgut645,Runs well on my PC. Interesting story and plenty of replayability.
,Recommended,403640,27466849,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Zarolek,It's (mostly) fixed now. I haven't finished it yet but it's very good if you enjoy stealth games.
,Recommended,403640,27562005,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Papa John,"ALRIIIIIGHT.So I'm gonna talk about the game, not the port. Let's say the ingredients are top of the line, but the delivery was slow and the pizza got cold.Gameplay is fun as hell. You can pretty do whatever you want to beat the level and it gives you plenty of tools to do it. They did a fantastic job of giving you a set of powers with different styles of gameplay to let you be the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ assassian you want.You can freeze time, move some poor guard in front of his own bullet then unfreeze time. 10/10 would stage suicide again.Overall Story is meh. It's like some glue they put to make you move from level to level. Each level has its own story that works very well on its own. I often found my self skipping cut scenes because the game feels like it needs to explain itself every 5 minutes. Yes we get it, you want to save your daughter/dad from some evil people. Not really a complicated story.Overall Game is like a 8/10, get yourself a nice pepperoni pizza from your local Papa John's and play it."
,Recommended,403640,27658217,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,FLVCKO JODYE,update saved this game
,Recommended,403640,27658850,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Cucuusa,"Completed the game in about 12 hours and loved it. If you like dishonored 1, this is more of  it. I didn't run into any of the glitches/bugs people seem to be having either (played on day of release and for a couple of days after, just cba to make a review back then.)"
,Recommended,403640,27723260,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,mrhbenam,it is one of the coolest game
76561198016884941,Recommended,403640,27733173,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,lostinny690,"Launch issues aside this game is a worthy follow up to the first Dishonored, a must buy if you liked the first title."
,Recommended,403640,27749586,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,LeeSoohyun,"전작에서는 없었던 현재 사망,발각,죽음 횟수가 있어서 기껏 플레이 했던것 다시 리플레이 안해서 너무 좋다Very differences from before are can see how many times i have killed enemy, detected from enemy, and been killed from enemy, so now you don't have to play repeatedly for your achievements"
,Recommended,403640,27757973,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Nothox,"After 50 hours, here are my thoughts on Dishonored 2.The good :Fantastic level design, the levels are huge and so well designed that even after 3 playthrough I still find new ways to aboard a mission.Setting is amazing, Karnaca is believable and looks gorgeousGameplay is the same as the first Dishonored, but perfected : you can do non lethal combat now, slide eliminations and knockout drops.The guards are way better at their job, you will get detected if you're in their peripheral vision ( You can no longer lean right or left to peek out of a corner and stay invisible! ) and they can actually look up or down.The music fits perfectly.Great voice acting in general, despite a few cheesy lines.Great UI design.The bad :The main hub, especially compared to the Pub from the first game, is very empty.Rushed intro and ending.Bad performance ( Mostly fixed by the patches for me, though. )"
76561197968571854,Recommended,403640,27877331,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,shookfree,Now that the beta patch has improved performance for me I have been enjoying the game.  I do not regret my purchase.  SLI works and gives me ~20-30fps more than without SLI.  Highly recommended if you have the horsepower to run it.
,Recommended,403640,27893532,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Mergatroid Skittle,"PC SpecsProcessor- Intel Core i5-6500Memory- 16GB RAMGraphics- NVIDIA GeForce GTX 960Im reading other reveiws talking about how the game is ""unplayable"" due to low FPS and no optimization yet i was able to run through the entire game with High Chaos on ""very high"" graphics clocking an easy 60 FPS. My performance was just fine and  it was beautiful.The game takes place about 15 years after the original Dishonored (which i would reccomend you play first just so you're filled in on the back story) and it does a very nice job filling in the in-between space as you go through the game. Im not going to spoil any of the story in this review because i strongly reccomend you experience it yourself and have an amazing time with it like i did. My high chaos play-through took about 12 hours and I estimate a low chaos to hover anywhere around 20-25 hours so the length is fairly good.The new powers are pretty great and the upgrading system for them has gone more in depth since the previous game which i really liked a lot. Most powers now have 2 branches you can upgrade and, hunting for all of the runes in the levels, I found it pretty easy to form a play style I was most comfortable with in the gameplay. For example, you can upgrade the grip ability to grab humans so what I would do is hide in the up in the rafters and pull bad guys up with it and assassinate them up there.Bethesda has also introduced a new enemy to the series in this installment of Dishonored: The clockwork robots. And let me tell you, these robots can be nothing but terrifying when you first encounter them and don't really know how to deal with them effectively. The first level where they were introduced was just a blast because it seemed like the perfect about of these guys in the whole level. But after this first level it kind of dissapointed me that I only saw about 5 in the rest of the game after that because there would be some spots in there where they would be perfect.The stealth in this game is a lot like the previous gameexcept for the fact that you can get detected under tables now which came as a surprise to meand for Dishonored veterans like me, it will be very easy to pick up on quickly. It just feels easy to be able to hide up in the rafters and evade enemies.Combat is not something i had to deal with much because i was trying to stay stealthy but in the moments i did encounter it, it was very fluent and seemed well done. Though like Dishonored you have guys who will stand about 10 feet away from you and shoot at you, this doesn't seem to happen as often which is an improvement. The swordplay is alright but it seems harder to block now.Overall i would strongly reccomend this game because it feels good running and is very fun. If you do notice framerate issues with low graphics maybe try getting it for a console instead of PC because this was an amazing experience for any dishonored fan."
,Recommended,403640,27893935,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Black Label Apollyon,Poor port. Amazing game.
,Recommended,403640,27894917,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Hot Diggity Dog,"Great game.Even though it runs fair on my rig, the game itself is great."
76561198017710911,Recommended,403640,27895433,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,ghosthorse,"Look, Dishonored 2 is in essence a better Dishonored. Is it perfect? No. But it's really, really, very good. ( Serious optimisation issues at release aside)"
,Recommended,403640,28014712,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Welden teh Deathstar,"This is a game where you can jump off a rooftop, teleport sixty yards through the air, possess a guard before you hit the ground and walk him into the wall of shrapnel mines you carefully placed earlier in the map. Oh and if you do it as Emily you can link that guard to seven of his friends that'll all burst into puddles of blood. What's not to love?"
,Recommended,403640,28075686,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Watermalone,"Very good game, at this time I have 5 hours on record and I have to say this is an improvement from the last.They managed to conjure a new story in the universe of Dishonored allowing to use Corvo and Emily, which I am fairly impressed with as the ending to the original Dishonored left a few people wondering on if the story was finished or if their was more to come.Performance is fairly good, I reach 60 fps with a 980ti and only experience fps drops on certain loading screen (Mostly between story missions)8/10"
,Recommended,403640,28095101,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,jon-h86,R9 290 I5 46... 16GB ram. Running on beta patch and I am having a great time at 60fpsWith everything up on ultra but textures (very high) and view distance.The game works and it is well made. Fantastic environment. I would recommend it to people but you should us the beta patch to avoid the stuttering.
,Recommended,403640,28175648,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,It's B-Pine,"It's like Dishonored, but with bigger and better everything...Besides FPS."
,Recommended,403640,28179480,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Counter Noob,I saw many reviews has bad issues or performance problems but i bought this game on Dec 2 after the 1.3 patch and it's playtable! It no crash or something weird.You just need to adjust the video settings.I set all to ultra and it work fine for me.Good Game! Worth it!GTX 950i5-444012GB RAM
76561197970825936,Recommended,403640,28180151,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Bulkhead_wing,"Amazing work, beautiful scene and details of story,I love to explore the game world."
,Recommended,403640,28283600,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Hot Dickingz,"The game runs fine on my PC. So far ive only broken out of the palace but i haven't had my frame rate drop any lower than 56 fps (I have a gtx 970, 5820k, 44GB ddr4). I havent played much so i dont exactly know how fun the game REALLY is but i definitely love the first level and im hoping the rest of the game is just as good.The only issue ive had were bugs, like rats walking on air, hovering just above the ground. Also throwing bodys out the window (of the palace) exposes an invisible wall. That kind of took me out of the experience lol other than that its a great game in my opinion"
76561198060808168,Recommended,403640,28382520,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,mebgrove,"Dropped by to say big frame rate improvement with the new beta update released today (12/15/16). Didn't see anything that claimed to address performance issues but it has for me. Running fairly close to 60 with occassional stutters (like 15 minute gaps between seeing any). Not bogging in large spaces either. No crashes after about 3 hours of play. This is at 4k maxed to ultra, haven't tried any other res. I've stuck with 4k this whole time because 1080 just wasn't that much better frame wise.  This is oni7 4790k (not overclocked)gtx 1080 founder (x2)16gbWin 10"
,Recommended,403640,28489302,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,CSF01,"This a game has a simple revenge story with a twist like the first with a lot of lore on the side, which is the charm of this game it lets you lern about the world this game takes place in. But despte the horrendous pc port (which is or has been fixed) it is still a fun must play for people because of the gameplay and the feel of the world and the powers."
,Recommended,403640,27891107,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,cytastic,"Finished a low-chaos playthrough, have a high-chaos playthrough about done.  Waited until after the patch, game visuals are near-flawless (very minor visual fluctuations while zoomed on VERY far away things).  I waited until after the patch - thank you to everyone who reported the PC launch problems, saved me some grief.  Also thanks for the devs for cranking out a patch in less than two weeks, as a software developer I understand how difficult that must have been.  I loved the first Dishonored, and the second has not let me down at all.  Smooth gameplay, absolutely no crashes, sound and music are great, and the little touches everywhere (especially the NPC conversations) bring the world alive.I played both of my runs as Emily as I was interested in her different abilities.  The Domino ability is a wonderful thing!  Looking forward to a Corvo run next.  The voice acting has been great, and I will happily admit that this middle-aged man squeed a little when I realized Corvo is voiced by Stephen Russell (Thief), since I view Dishonored as the spiritual successor to that game.Thanks for creating such a great game (opening day bumps aside), it's been one of my favorites all year."
,Recommended,403640,28014436,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,gene,"The game runs fine. I don't know what everyone is complaining about. If you're going to complain about anything, the ending is worth a complaint or two. Like for ♥♥♥♥ sake. WHy?"
,Recommended,403640,28152091,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Kaiseto,"As a fan of the Thief series, and the original Dishonored, I greatly enjoyed Dishonored 2.I was lucky to only have minor performance issues at its initial launch (no less than 30 FPS on Ultra), which have gone away as of the 1.2 patch, so I can't speak to the issues many people faced with the PC port. Instead, I'll talk about my impressions of the gameplay.Story/Acting - 3.5/5:To start, the game's weakest aspect are its main story, and some of the acting. This is largely unchanged from the original Dishonored. The story is enough of a framework to get you to travel through the new location of Karnaca, but it isn't fundamentally gripping. It hits many of the same beats as the original game. Many of the voice actors do a fine job, but I found the characterization of the main villain to be almost cringe inducing. Thankfully, she's not on screen all that much.While the main story falls a bit flat, Dishonored 2 does some fantastic worldbuilding and subtle world-level story telling (the first did this as well, as do the Thief games that this series draws so heavily from). Simply exploring the world, eavesdropping on bits of conversations, and reading notes left by characters, fleshes it out to a huge degree.Gameplay 5/5:To the gameplay, I would consider Dishonored 2 to be an improvement over the original in almost every way. Having played through once, in a no-kill run with Emily, and started a second High Chaos playthrough, I do like the subtle differences in the style of their powers. Emily's ""Domino"" ability in particular is massively satisfying to use. While I've only spent a few missions playing heavily with the combat system, I've found the parry/counter take on the swordplay a lot of fun, and boy oh boy does the game reward you with a lot of varied, over-the-top animations for violently dispatching your foes. Many of the weapons I completely disregarded in my no-kill run for the first game actually ended up coming in handy in this game. Incediary bolts and grenades ended up being an invaluable way of clearing out nests of swarming bloodflies.The level design is fantastic, offering a huge variety of ways to approach almost any challenge. There are often 3 or 4 ways to access any given area, some being far more obscure than others. The game will usually only explicitly hint at 1 or 2 of them. There's tons of room for vertical gameplay, especially in the city segments, allowing for a plethora of paths above the city across rooftops and through apartments. As with the first game, there are also tons of little secrets, side quests, and hidden areas in every mission.Dishonored 2 also feels like it's littered with way more environmental doodads to play with. Glasses and bottles can be thrown to attact the attention of patrolling guards. Bottles of flamable liquid or chloroform can be used as improvised weapons. Most houses will have clocks or metronomes that can be set off to produce a distracting noise (after a few seconds to let you slip away first). There are tons of openable windows that can be used as impromptu escape routes. There are also returning hazards from the original game that can be disabled or rewired to turn against your enemies, if you want to hunt down their power sources or security panels.Graphics - 4/5:Like I said, I was one of the lucky ones who didn't run into many issues performance issues (running a GTX 980 with fully updated drivers). At Ultra, the game looks damn nice. The lighting engine, in particular, gives the environments a vivid depth (provided you don't turn the brightness up so much as to wash out the picture). There's a noticeable difference in this category between what I've seen on the consoles versus the PC.There are also plenty of options for customizing the graphics, including all the standard resolution, texture and lighting effects, as well as an FOV slider, an options for toggling most UI elements. I played with the quest markers disabled (more fun to explore without being pointed in the right direction all the time).There was some weirdness with the AA that I wish was fixed. FXAA isn't really up to the task of making the game look good - it often caused odd artifacting around the edges of doors and other straight objects. TXAA was a lot better, but sometimes had a minor flickering effect when looking at a vertical edge. I was only given the option of selecting  up to TXAA 1x - I don't know if this is all the game supports, or if my graphics card is too old, but I would've liked to have tried something that might have solved some of that weirdness.Conclusion - 4.2/5:As a huge fan of the first game, I loved this one. It does have some of the problems of the original, mainly regarding story and acting, but I believe it fine tuned and improved upon the original's gameplay in most ways. I think it's best played as a primarily stealthy experience, but fans of action oriented combat should find a lot to love about the frenetic duels you can end up in while taking a more assault heavy approach. I would generally recommend this game, and highly recommend it to fans of the original."
76561198128023655,Recommended,403640,28013360,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,xavmatt,"Dishonored 2 is an absolutely beautiful game. I have 5 hours on line record but offline my Emily has at least 12. It's a fun game all around, and performance was not an issue for me."
76561197990648976,Recommended,403640,28020405,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Tigur,A good follow up to the original it has stealth and combat combat is fun
,Not Recommended,403640,26521169,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Drokash,"EDIT: Progressing further into the game, I have to change my recommendation to ""Not recommended"" until the lag issues are fixed, as it's making it too hard to play and enjoy at the moment.This is just my first impressions, I'll update this later when I've played more and when the first patches come in. For now, consider this review to be a literal first impressions/base release review.First of all, graphics. Arkane have gone all out with graphics and it's paid off. The graphics on the highest settings are absolutely beautiful with that familiar dishonored charm.  The downside however is that there is severe lag. I'm getting lag (It's reletively choppy, but not unplayable) in open-areas (The first mission outside of Dunwall is pretty laggy when you go into open areas) no matter what graphics I set my computer to. (It's not related to my computer specific as I can run other recently-released games just fine) Considering the lag persists no matter what I change my settings to and I've seen others with the same lag-issues as mine, I assume it's related to the game somehow and I expect there will be a fix soon.The gameplay is great. It's got some much needed improvements from Dishonored 1 (Crafting your own charms and breaking down unneeded ones is great, in the first game they cluttered up the inventory so much!) and some very great additions that the first game severely missed such as combat choke (If you parry at the right time, you can choose to choke an enemy unconcious even in combat, it's a life-savior for stealth players!) and all new powers. I haven't unlocked all the powers yet, but they look great. Additionally, there's more of a power ""Talent tree"" compared to the first game, as you have multiple unlocks for powers (For example, in Dishonored 1 you have the base power to unlock, and another rank after that whereas in Dishonored 2, you have the base power and then multiple different ranks you can take with different effects.)Additionally, there's now a mode where you can flat out refuse to have any supernatural powers, making you have to rely on gadgets and standard stealth alone. Perfect for those looking for an extra challenge!The voice acting is pretty great as well. The levels feel alive with all of the citizens and guards wandering around making idle comments with each other. Additionally, the Heart allows you to dive into the inner secrets of areas and people, just like the first game.Dishonored isn't without downsides however. I've only noticed one so far and it's a pretty big one. When I first jumped into the game, I expected to be able to switch between the two characters (Corvo Attano, the protagonist from the first game and Emily Kaldwin, Corvo's daughter and the Empress, all grown up from the first game) between missions, but you can only pick one character at the start and the other character is locked off (for what I assume is the rest of the game). I don't know if this will change as I progress more or not, but so far I'm dissapointed at the fact I'm locked to the character I chose at the start, especially when both Corvo and Emily have different abilities.Personally? I'd say go for the game once it's fixed. it's a great game but at the moment it needs to be fixed before I can recommend it. I bet it'll be a fantastic game that'll be just as great, maybe even better then the first Dishonored once it's fixed."
76561197996164383,Recommended,403640,26562299,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Zelarion,Great Game.............POOR PORTGTX980 x2 SLI16gb rami7windows 7 64 bit OSblah blah blah..................FIX and ill remove my negative remove............so simple right?
,Recommended,403640,28908015,Posted: 1 January,all,winjer,"Really great.  Better than the first one, I reckon. Great storyline and setting, absorbing and challenging gameplay."
,Not Recommended,403640,30478131,Posted: 12 March,all,Korean Steel,"Game still runs like♥♥♥♥♥♥after 4 months on an i5 3570k@4.5, 16gb ram and a 970. Gameplay seemed fun but i can't stand playing at mostly low settings @ 1080p to eliminate frame drops and maintain a solid 60 fps. I really hope this game gets more support in the future because it seems really fun but runs like♥♥♥♥♥♥compared to almost every other AAA game from 2016."
76561198192258158,Recommended,403640,28571690,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,coolthekidFX,game is fun but i would wait until its updated a few times because its really laggy
,Recommended,403640,31832731,Posted: 18 May,all,CloakedStar,Wonderful game.
,Recommended,403640,34637595,Posted: 31 August,all,Stranger Warkri,"The combonation of AWESOME LEVEL DESIGN, plenty of choice on how to play (leathal/non stealth/aggressive) and intruiging story rife with conspiracy totally reminds me of Deus Ex. In fact, the game basically plays like a Deus Ex game but with a completely different, and unique atmosphere. I'm on my first playthrough so I am taking my time and trying out all kinds of different approaches. You can choose to run through the game as two different characters, but I am not sure how much difference there will be in each playthrough, but that aside, this game has already been worth the $ for me. If it goes on sale and you are a fan of Deus Ex you will certainly enjoy this title and should pick it up."
,Recommended,403640,26572465,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Quiché,"Cleanest Assassin in the Empire.Forget the Witch, apply sanitation to your foes."
,Recommended,403640,35049666,Posted: 18 September,all,Freaky Priest,You must play this!
76561198041369260,Recommended,403640,35053974,Posted: 18 September,all,Jensegaense,"Do you like Dishonored? Well, here's more Dishonored. That's it pretty much"
76561198060908585,Recommended,403640,35050272,Posted: 18 September,all,imminentgnome,very dope
,Recommended,403640,34702513,Posted: 2 September,all,Moggy,Love this game but PC requirements are punishing.  Ended up picking up on console
76561198016003941,Recommended,403640,31811839,Posted: 17 May,all,jdgonzo82,i have just now completed the campaign using the character Emily on the hard setting. took me just over 40 hours and i enjoyed every minute of it. the world design is amazing and feels very dense and well crafted. movement and interaction with the world feels extremely real and solid. this really did feel close to an original Thief sequel. the enemy AI is one notch up from what we're all used to. altogether an extremely enjoyable game which made me excited for my next playthrough...8.5/10 (marked down due to dodgy performance issues here and there and also the last level was a little bit of a let down.)
76561198050923461,Recommended,403640,31814967,Posted: 17 May,all,Drakmanka,"I refrained from writing a review until after I'd had a chance to actually complete the game once. Right from the first level/mission I knew I'd made the right choice to give Dishonored 2 a chance in spite of some worries raised by the negative reviews.The story is, frankly, much better than the original Dishonored game's story. I don't know about any other Dishonored hard-core fans, but on my first playthrough of the original I was able to accurately guess how each section of the story would play out. Not so much with Dishonored 2. The game's only been out a year, so I'll avoid spoilers and just say that the game's plot is much less predictable than I had gone in anticipating.Many other reviews warned that the game was laggy. I'm not sure if this was because of some of the early issues with the game that Bethesda later fixed, or if I'm just lucky. Some of those reviewers claimed to have some pretty powerful computers, far more powerful than my own. At any rate, the only time I personally experienced noticable lag was when my laptop wasn't plugged in. I know my processor doesn't run at it's full capabilities unless it's plugged in. For reference, I have an NVIDIA GEFORCE GTX graphics card and an Intel core i7 dual-core processor, and am running Windows 10.Some reviewers complained of long load times and I did experience this. I considered downloading the game onto my SSD instead of my disk drive, but decided against it for storage reasons. I don't know how much difference the SSD would have made regarding loading times anyway.Graphics. The graphics were glorious, especially coming from the original version of the first Dishonored. I thought THAT game had awesome graphics for the time, and maybe it's just my habit of always being one console/game generation behind the curve, but the graphics Dishonored 2 sports blew me out of the water. Textures are very detailed, character polygons are much higher, faces are more expressive. The ""uncanny valley"" effect was definitely diminished.Gameplay. I have always thought that Bethesda makes games with solid gameplay mechanics. Dishonored 2 stays true to that. They kept everything that was good from Dishonored, added to it and removed that which had bothered me (for example, in the original Dishonored, when Corvo would land hard or take fall damage, he would stand up afterwards and you would have to press the crouch button again. This was changed so your character of choice stays in the position they were in before the fall.) I had some trouble adjusting to Emily's powers after playing as Corvo for so long (12 playthroughs of the original Dishonored will do that to you), but that's hardly the fault of the game itself. Each mission was very well-constructed. I ran into trouble because I kept approaching each level the way I would in Dunwall, but the architecture and design of each level is considerably different in Karnaca, something I really appreciate in giving this game it's own, unique flavor.Overall, and I freely admit to being a Dishonored fan-girl, I would give Dishonored 2 a 10/10. It's permanently ranked among my all-time favorite games, and I can hardly wait to dive back in and start discovering everything I missed, as well as getting all the different game endings. If you liked the original Dishonored, Dishonored 2 is sure to please you too."
,Recommended,403640,31830414,Posted: 18 May,all,Violaceous,I love this game especially because of the stealth. There are some very creative ways to knock out or assassinate people.
76561198036963451,Recommended,403640,31778453,Posted: 15 May,all,Zadig,So much fun! I loved playing as Emily and hearing what she had to say about her time as empress and then going to Corvo in newgame + with all of the powers and hearing him reminisce over his youth in Karnaca. Fun game.
76561198179947367,Recommended,403640,31828398,Posted: 18 May,all,florafaunus,"This is a really fun game and you'll be sure to enjoy it if you liked the first one. But,in my opinion,I didnt enjoy it as much as the originial,I think its because its so close in comparison to D1 that it doesnt really bring anything new to the table,aside from some different powers from the female,which I didnt really care for.Overall,really fun game if you like Dishonored,but I wouldnt say it lived up to the first one."
76561198325128272,Recommended,403640,31830901,Posted: 18 May,all,hazzo1991,"I truly loved this game! one of my favorite games, i didnt understand why many people here were complaining about bad optomization, i played it on ultra graphics settings and it was very smooth. I am using a GTX980 Ti and Intel 7-6700k and it ran great.Story: Very intresting from the begining and the middle, the ending section was rather dull in terms of storyline and it seemed a bit lazy in regards to that aspect. I killed the final boss in like 1/2 hits after i killed her protectors, which is ridiculous.Apart from that the only other complaint i have is....i would of LOVED more variety with the clockwork soldiers. They were extremley fun to fight against with great animations and movements, i loved it, but i wish there was more vareity in terms of style and size - it would have improved the overall curiosity of the player to learn more about different approaches to fighting each genus of clockwork soldier.Apart from that, amazing graphics and great game: 8/10"
,Recommended,403640,26526791,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,"Velkon,",AFter leaving city it sucks
,Recommended,403640,31446913,Posted: 29 April,all,Punch,"I don't normally review games at all but I believe this one could use a thumbs up to equal out all the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ reviews that are quite dishonest.Most people dislike the game due to issues where they can not run this game correctly, and as true as this could have been I dont feel like it's relevant anymore. I have a six year old i7 with a 1060 GTX and can run this game quite well. Sure loading screens arn't lightning fast but I run the game close to max at 60+ fps.For what concerns the gameplay and storyline, this is an excellent game, highly detailed and full of things to do. The story is solid and can keep you invested. In my case I have decided to go through a second playthrough to make sure I get as much as I can from the game (which is not normally in my habits).All in all if you want a sold singleplayer experience that you've been craving because most games these past years have been total♥♥♥♥♥♥ this should apease you for a while.TL;DR It runs well, and its a great experience, 9 out of 11 would bang."
,Recommended,403640,32960308,Posted: 28 June,all,gip,Amazing game.
,Recommended,403640,33282568,Posted: 5 July,all,tezzor,nice
76561198079113247,Recommended,403640,33759360,Posted: 23 July,all,omae wa mou shindeiru,"Dishonored 2 improves on everything that was in the first game. New powers and upgrades for said powers that can be fine tuned for any playstyle, lethal and non-lethal takedowns and combat, different and unique locations, new enemies, and a more worthy opponent to the legendary Corvo Attano (because, lets face it, you'll only play as Emily for the achievement). It also adds in functions like bonecharm crafting and NG+, meaning you can make your character an unstoppable force with every power at your disposal.BUTPerhaps it's because I loved the first dishonored so much, but this game left me longing. I guess the biggest thing is that in the first game, with your limited powers and items, it felt more like a stealth game. In Dishonored 2, you can easily take down every enemy in the game with ease in full on frontal combat. Unless you're playing on ""no powers mode"", you don't need to play stealthily, which seems to defeat the purpose of the game.But I'll be damned if it isn't fun to kill everything in your path"
76561198040642203,Recommended,403640,32952513,Posted: 28 June,all,gyopsie,"I want to start by saying I do not regret buying this game, I see a lot of good in its overall plot.However, while the world textures and outfits are great, the people are waxie looking and lower quality than the first.the game takes forever to initially load, if this is caused by DRM they are going to run people to pirate, and if it's shader cacheing like some have suggested then they needed to work on there engine more before release.there are a lot of little collision issues that could have used some further tweeks.and some sequence glitches in the last 2 battles for peaceful.The controlls felt slugish.and while there was usualy more than one path, this game felt much more on the rails, partly because you weren't dealing with the same city, but these sections of all sorts of placesThe black market was a good idea, but it was poorly executed and on my first run I missed most of the shopsAll of the above is technical and does not really mean it's a bad game. but it is not a high quality game.Lots of content, and it does look pretty in places, but not quality."
,Recommended,403640,33750085,Posted: 23 July,all,TobiKenobi73,Great sneaking game. Great story. Good skill tree - you can't be jack of all trades. You got to focus on you play style. Different endings depending on how you play the game and what choices you make.
,Recommended,403640,34959484,Posted: 14 September,all,KobaS,"This game is a mustplay,like anything that contains the name ""Dishonored""  in it :D"
,Recommended,403640,33775907,Posted: 24 July,all,chEEEEEEEEEEEEEEER,"its good, but not as good as the first game"
,Recommended,403640,28895591,Posted: 1 January,all,loucifer,"Positive review for the great gameplay and story, but the port is terrible. Playing at the lowest settings at 1440p and it barely makes it to 60fps with a 980Ti/5820k."
,Recommended,403640,31010072,Posted: 7 April,all,TheCordisMARKI,Gamers will not complain about optimization if we don't optimize game @Bethesda
76561197962218826,Recommended,403640,31010414,Posted: 7 April,all,Sassy Rick Grimes,"I almost didn't buy this after hearing all the issues with game optimization. But to be honest I haven't experienced a problem. Running a i5-6500 (3.2ghz) with 16gb of RAM and a nVidia 1060 with 3gb of RAM and everything is crisp and smooth. I'm not much of a gamer and can't bother to pull up my FPS except to say it lookd good. Maybe their last update fixed the issues or I'm just lucky.As for gameplay this is essentially an improved version of the original. There are a few changes, like the quicksave/quickload options - but overall it's like slipping into a comfortable pair of shoes that happen to look a bit fancier than you remember them to be."
,Recommended,403640,30970695,Posted: 5 April,all,General Michi,"Open stealthy stabby fun, with mosquitos"
,Recommended,403640,30771505,Posted: 27 March,all,SaviorOfNirn,More Dishonored
,Recommended,403640,32777360,Posted: 25 June,all,Hokai,Ey that was preety good
76561198018579571,Recommended,403640,34338404,Posted: 18 August,all,Sttark,"Unsurprisingly excellent. Great level design,visuals,sound and powers .Enemies are tougher with decent A.I.There are a lot of nooks and crannies to explore,expanding the game if you wish. Changing the voice of the Outsider was very jarring and a mistake.Overall it's a great addition to the franchise, but, with several huge errors on the part of the devs. Polish dub is nice addition, tbh."
76561198023040664,Recommended,403640,34346093,Posted: 19 August,all,slayyer1,"Dishonored is more piece of the art then game - and I love not only design and style but all that atmosphere and ingenius ideas about story, places, characters!You must play this in full stealth - it is really interesting gameplay if you really want to go without any alert)))Roofs, dark corners, backdoors - all ways for thiefs and killers.Amazing game!10/10"
76561198047178346,Recommended,403640,34359214,Posted: 19 August,all,Tears Of The Silkman,"At first I was reluctant to try this game, being a fan of the series since the reveal of the first Dishonored I did not want my image of the series ruined by a potential flop of a sequel. After some time I decided to try out the demo and almost immediatly afterward I purchased the game.Not only does this title keep the all the great aspects of the first game, but it takes everything about it and expands upon it. Meaning more powers, lore, variation in missions and characters, etc. With two story arcs to playthough and multiple endings for each arc, the player should have no trouble playing this game over and over again for there is always other ways to approach the same missions.New players can jump right into the game without nowing much about the series while those who played the first Dishonored can experience a completely new story with Emily Kaldwin or return to a fimiliar story with Corvo.For me, this title shows that the series is off in the right direction and should continue that way with the Death of The Outsider release."
,Recommended,403640,32051948,Posted: 29 May,all,dennyjoe,"I know this game had some problems when it came out. However, I'm only getting around to playing it now (despite pre-ordering) and I have to say, I love it! They have done an excellent job of crafting a world that feels rich and believable. I have gotten really lost (in a good way) in this game and when I will definitely doing a few more play throughs, which is something I rarely do these days."
,Recommended,403640,29145459,Posted: 9 January,all,Unredemption,"Game runs like♥♥♥♥♥♥ It's still fun and looks fantastic. Stupid idea to use idtech 5, Bethesda."
,Recommended,403640,26527253,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,ClockworkSentinel,GUARDS NO LONGER GATHER FOR WHISKEY AND CIGARS. FTW.
,Recommended,403640,26753976,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Brightlight,"Played 120 fpsDone with starting area jumps to 45 fpsUnstallAsk for refundtake my money and buy games that are PLAYABLEEdit : Alright the game is fixed for me atlest, and it runs avg 65-70 fps on big areas,If you love Dishonored 1 get this its more dishonored 2"
76561197971353375,Recommended,403640,35260879,Posted: 28 September,all,BIG BOSS DIK,Good game.
,Recommended,403640,34436568,Posted: 23 August,all,kleenbass21,"I don't like stealth games and i particularly hate games with gimmicky super powers but the second i installed this game and started playing it was clear to me that you don't need to like stealth games at all to experience this masterpiece. The amount of hours that you will spend slicing the throats of the soldiers of karnaca, burning witches, cutting down dogs(trust me its better this way) makes it such a joy. But the best part of the game has be its various showpieces like the clock tower and the final picture sequence.All of those in game sequences just prove that bethesda is top of the line in single player stealth games. The superpowers for emily are meh, they are good but the ones with corva are the stellar ones.TL;DR: Buy the game, u will not be put off by the stealth aspect at all even if u hate stealth games.PS: I read a lot about the problems on pc but i encountered no crashes or bugs or glitches. Also the game ran at 60+ fps throught."
,Recommended,403640,35476242,Posted: 4 October,all,SomethingUnderscore,good but super short (less than 7 hours of gameplay)
,Recommended,403640,31288515,Posted: 21 April,all,Akahri,gg
76561198090899950,Recommended,403640,26512237,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,FxT,"Graphically demanding, though still playable using Gtx 950m. Great game overall, story, stealth, combat and voice acting etc.Edit: Just finished first playthrough, awesome story and ending, and if I may, better than original. Feels a tad more fluid and complete.Edit: Getting solid 30fps with patch 1.2 with everything on auto @1080p. Could do better but playable and not a deal breaker to me. Still recommended."
76561198328352702,Not Recommended,403640,26544109,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Baues518,Two words.... Refund pending.
,Recommended,403640,26621092,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,PestilenZ,"I should start by saying I probably got lucky because I experience little to no performance issues when running Dishonored 2 since the preorder launch. Aside from the singular case of my cursor wandering off to the second monitor in-game (fixed by switching to fullscreen instead of borderless), it's been running smooth on high settings.As far as the game itself goes- I'm enjoying it more than the first one, probably because the creators really paid attention to details, the world and things within it make sense. Basically, everything I loved in the first game was built upon in the second part. New enemy types made my experience more challenging, especially because I'm doing my first run on super-stealth, but the new abilities also compliment the challenges provided.Strong art direction somehow ties all the seemingly impossible elements together. It's been a while since I played a game that made me gawk at the structures and spend 3 hours on a single mission, exploring every single corner of the level."
76561198097495228,Recommended,403640,26513769,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,NoRedBlood,FPS Stealh game with stylish element? dishonored/10
,Recommended,403640,26620883,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Imanity,"edit: the disclaimer regarding performance issues has been removed, as it seems the issues have been resolvedThe reason I loved the original Dishonored was because I love games that give you choices, to ""play your way,"" and they combined it with a well told story, beautiful art style, and engaging gameplay. You will find all of these things in Dishonored 2. I never felt as if they sacrificed something for something else. Bethesda stated themselves that it is not an open world game, but they wanted it to feel like one. And it does, to an extent. The level design is fantastic in a way that they managed to create huge levels without any of it feeling pointless. It doesn't exactly feel like open world but your first few playthroughs will result in hours being spent on just one mission if you want to see it all. If you really want to see it all, you'll need to play it multiple times on both playable characters. Replay value feels slightly higher than the last game.The magic abilities in this game have their own sort of mini upgrade trees and some of them get really interesting. Corvo retains his old powers from the previous game and Emily has her own set of unique abilities. Even though Corvo doesn't have any brand new powers, it was still a refreshing playthrough. Both Emily and Corvo seem to have picked up a small amount of Daud's powers from the original game's DLC, Corvo gaining a ""stop time"" while aiming blink, and Emily gaining a pull-items-and-bodies-to-me with her Far Reach. The most notable changes are to Dark Vision as it is very different than the original game.  It's less OP and, if you're used to the original, it's a bit annoying to use at first. I adjusted rather quickly and after adjusting it actually makes more sense to work this way.The passive abilities received some minor changes and a few were added, but I found myself not using any of them besides agility pretty much at all. They're by no means useless but perhaps unnecessary. How good bone charm crafting is completely depends on what you find. If you only find charms you won't use, you won't need to combine any. My first playthrough saw heavy use of the crafting system, but my second playthrough barely even touched it.The final upgrade of Shadow Kill is amazing for high chaos runs. :)Enemy AI has seen a large improvement. Guards are smarter when they search for you and have smoother animations. They also act a lot more realistic when they're confused, such as when you inevitably fall on their face because you miss an assassination cue and promptly blink away. Their guard-to-guard banter is just as entertaining as well.Well, that's about it. The rest you should find out for yourself. It's a worthy successor."
,Recommended,403640,26650351,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,WTWR Zydrate,"Pretty damn good.If I could sum it up, I'd say ""Hey, remember Dishonored? Want more of that? Here it is."" It's more of the same, which is a blessing and a curse. There's a few new tools, new powers, a crafting system but the game still holds onto the core of its predecessor.One highlight that I can appreciate is that guards are (Slightly) less dumb than some other stealth games. They manage to notice when doors are open, or when their fellow patrol buddies are not at their post. This puts them on an unpredictable patrol pattern for a time, but ultimately they do end up going back to their own patrol if you hide the bodies (And yourself) well enough. Still, it spawns a lot of intense ""Oh crap"" moments which is a feeling I can't seem to get out of stealth games anymore.Dishonored also continues the general trend of light levels not meaning squat - After so many years of Splinter Cell, Skyrim, and Thief that have all trained us to stick to the shadows - Line of sight is more important here so there is an adjustment period if you've played all those other named games and found yourself getting detected damn near instantly.It's keeping my attention more than the first game did, to be fair. There's more exploration to be had, sweeping entire Apartment complexes and taking everything that isn't nailed down. The aforementioned guard behavior also make this one leagues more interesting.I can't yet speak on Dishonored's replayability, however early on you are given a choice to go the entire game without any magical powers. An interesting design choice that very likely locks you out of some treasures and thus makes upgrading slower, but it's certainly a choice you can make if you're confident enough in your abilities. I also don't know if there's a New Game Plus, which I feel any game with RPG elements should have these days as there's nothing like replaying those levels that kicked your♥♥♥♥♥and just turn those tables.I won't deny the game could use some patching. I, too, have had an odd hiccup in performance. Strange, graphical errors and so far a single Crash-To-Desktop in my five hours of gameplay. I have also run into two glitches that I had to Google, both results came in saying it was a 'known' issue. One example was that I took two guards out before they tortured/killed some kind of janitor or custodian, who had a key to a room with a lot of resources in it. For some reason, after choking out the guards he refused to talk to me and only muttered his cowering dialog. This took away a fair bit of coins I could otherwise have had.Nothing so far has been a dealbreaker and I play on ""Very High"" settings.Still, if you have a decent rig and take some advice on which settings to tweak to minimize these issues; The game is a worthy buy."
76561198109842216,Not Recommended,403640,28137645,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Exothermatic,"I will say this, my computer has an intel i7 core, 16 GB ram, and GTX 750. and it cant run this game above 25 fps. on the lowest settings, and lowest resolution. What?!?! Just as awarning to anyone wanting this game."
,Recommended,403640,26622230,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,DeadWolf,"Good game, it plays very similar to the first game and keeps the fun, bad-assery as before. The plot and themes are just as interesting as the first game and once you play you're hooked. I did have performance issues with my 970 earlier on in the game and at certain points, I still managed to run most settings at very high with a few things off. Overall it's a great fun game just the PC port release was pretty poor, if you have low-mid tier hardware you might not want to buy it just yet."
76561198038428460,Recommended,403640,26688753,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,GamerN64,"I don't feel it's fair that a game that is as amazing as this is getting mixed reviews. The game overall was unbelieveable, the lore was on point, the gameplay fantastic, overall just a blast to play. This has been one of the few games thats come out lately that I have actually enjoyed.Though I also played it starting on 11/15/16 so I don't know if it's because it patched before I got to play it or what, but I didn't experience any of the problems most of the people who are giving it a negative review. If I had the same problems I would probably be mad as wel, but I don't think thats a good reason to give a game a terrable review 1-2 days after release.♥♥♥♥♥♥happens with games all the time and I don't think people understand how much work is being put into these kind of original games.TLDR: Ignore negative reviews, gameplay, lore, everything was amazing finally a good sequal game."
,Not Recommended,403640,28154810,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,"Vapelord, god of da kush","Broken turd of a game, 0/10 would not waste monies again, I am not going to wait around for a patch that may or may not come, for this game to even run on my computer, ♥♥♥♥ you Arkane studios ♥♥♥♥ the void engine and ♥♥♥♥ this game."
,Not Recommended,403640,33165050,Posted: 2 July,all,Synnek_,Performance is still abysmal.
,Recommended,403640,26514175,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Tactrix,"The game is good, but fair warning right now if you don't have the very latest patch for either AMD or Nvidia you will run into serious FPS issues. They came out with the patch 1 day before game release so a lot of people don't even know it exists.Now as for the game itself, it's definitely like the first game but there are some changes besides new powers that I really like. I'm a big fan of the early thief series and this game feels a lot more thief like then the first one did. For one thing the AI is infinitely smarter, if they even remotely sense you're around all hell will break loose and unless you plan on slaughtering a whole pile of people it will be a bad day in the neighborhood for you, and after all of that is said and done anyone who passes by that spot will immediatly run off and alert the nearby guards so stealth is definitely more of a key point in this game then it was in the last one.Other things to note is that as difficult as this game might be on the highest setting it is nothing compared to how hard it is with no powers."
,Recommended,403640,26534721,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,GoldenGod,"Good details, brings a lot of memories of when i played the first dishonored. Most of these downvotes are cause their graphics card or CPU are too low and it doesnt work, well obviously. I have all the requirements, game plays through fine, no lag, custines good. No complaints from me"
76561198120638913,Recommended,403640,28134397,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,yellow,its great
,Not Recommended,403640,28205054,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Ayatee,Developer: Arkane StudiosPublisher: Bethesda Softworksubisoftubisoft
,Recommended,403640,26524791,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Bombieman,"I haven't had a single performance problem this far (I'm in level 4)Specs:Gigabyte Z170-Gaming K3NVIDIA GeFOrce GTX 96016GB ramall setting on medium, only shadows for rats and bloodflies off. Constant 60 FPS and no drops. Really good game this far."
,Not Recommended,403640,34665417,Posted: 1 September,all,DeV ☯,"Cons:Engine problems like:Random fps drop for no reasonGraphic is not that good actually looks awful with 100 and above but if you zoom in the details are great it's weird I'm going to blame engineGameplay:Combat is still not fixed, enemies still glitch through you and bypass your defenseBlowfly’s - they are not even close to rats you can attack a horde of them and still be fineClockwork soldier if assassinated standing near any wall, will glitch through and fall of the mapWhile sprinting your fov is changing, why? stupid decision by devsClockwork soldiers if defeated will explodes killing or knocking and friendly units in range, again why? That would be the shities army product ever if one is killed other goes as domino effectStory:Minor or no difference in dialog between Corvo and EmilyCorvo and Emily talking WAY to much also they talking while in stealth near enemy and enemies can't hear them? ...Some civilians talk way too much. Stand near the band playing and the music will be interrupted constantly by monologs...You change the past and nothing is change in present!!!! Stilton house is exemption and no one cares.Pros:The only thing I like is animation for Emily assassination, Dust District level with storm mechanic and A Crack in the Slab level with shift mechanic other than that you can skip this game and buy first Dishonored if you didn't play it.It's not a bad game, but it's not what I was hoping for."
,Not Recommended,403640,28151149,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Synthorange,"If you do not have the absolute latest and greatest computer, this game will♥♥♥♥♥♥itself. My computer is a few years old but with turning down a few settings 90% of games will run just fine.http://i.imgur.com/dzqkYNS.jpgAt the lowest setting and resolutions possible this STILL runs horribly, I dont know how. Stick with a console version, or if you've built a top of the line machine this year."
,Recommended,403640,26528186,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,PEQUOD,If you liked the first one you'll like this one.
,Not Recommended,403640,32045095,Posted: 29 May,all,xStp_Hollow,bad pc port i had to play it on my ps4 dont buy this on pc
,Not Recommended,403640,28184084,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Kappa,Not worth your time at the moment.
76561198142865907,Not Recommended,403640,28416506,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,PaPa_Bl3ss,"Releasing an unoptimized game for the sake of cashing in on a sequel=GOTY... Dishonored was a great game that didnt need a sequel, or at least one that didnt drag on a story that concluded perfectly on its own. It did so many things right that this game fails at; compelling story, interesting hub area, good pacing, great antagonists and side characters. I didnt enjoy this game; its unoptimized, has a lackluster story, the hub area is forgetful, the antagonists have no buildup, only two dull side characters... I fail to understand how this mediocre and extremely buggy game won a GOTY."
,Recommended,403640,28580287,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Narcotic_Malkavian,"Garrett lives on in Corvo's body.*Edit* since people either don't get the reference or don't see this as helpful.What I mean is this game is a great successor to not only Dishonored but also the original Thief series plus it has Stephen Russell who did the voice for Garrett doing the voice for Corvo now which was a pleasant surprise for me since I did little research on this game before purchasing.Gameplay wise for stealth and ghosting this game is top notch with great level design, story, and lore.For the graphics it looks really great but when it first came out a lot of people were having trouble getting it to run well on their systems regardless of CPUs and GPUs but after some patches it seems to be better than it was.My only real complaints is the adaptive resolution which has no business being on a computer game and the lean is a pain because of stupid controllers.  E and Q should just lean right/left and when you let go he/she should stop leaning in said direction, peaking over the top feels weird as you are still having to lean in the direction you chose to do so."
,Recommended,403640,26596941,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,[TAW] IceBones,"So it's finally here, the sequel to one of my favourite games of the past few years.Initial impressions were mixed: Seemed like more of the same, like a mission pack for Dishonored, but as I keep playing it keeps growing on me. The world is larger, more colourful and interesting, with side missions adding a vital bit of flavour to an already interesting world. The graphical style is even more appealing than the first, and the sound design is engaging, relying on musical stingers and low-key music to keep you on your toes.Alarms will blare, loudspeakers will constantly make you jump as you're sneaking along, and the voice acting is as good as the first.The combat has been improved, with sword fights being even more engaging and skill-based than the previous game, and with the almost sandbox-like mission structure, leads to tons of replay options. The increased focus on magic and the option to forgo it completely makes every obstacle a joy to overcome.Playing as Emily is a nice experience, and it adds to the feeling of the series progressing along a chaotic timeline instead of a retread of the first game. It still feels as though the player is immersed in the story rather than playing a pre-defined character though, something I like very much.On the graphical issues at launch: I experienced a few glitches and stuttering, but all in all it did not make much of an impact and the game was still more than playable. Some of you might have much larger issues, but it did not bother me.All in all, well worth the price. Can't wait to replay the campaign as Corvo Attano, possibly going for a high chaos playthrough next time."
76561198108161438,Recommended,403640,26607150,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Deatheater1197,"Okay, I will preface this review by saying I have spent 10hr+ on this game and plan to spend even more than that before I am finished. The first dishonored was bar none one of my absolute favorite games. If you love stealth games and a good challenge every once in a while, then this is your game. One of the biggest things I love about this game and the first one is that it is a play your way type thing. If you want to sneak through the levels unseen, you can try that. If you want to run around killing everyone/ thing you see HEY you can do that too.For me the story was not as gripping in this games as it was in the first. It was, nonetheless, interesting all the same. I do like that they lengthened the amount of time that the story takes to play out. If you're not sure if you'll enjoy this game or not I would tell you to buy the first one, it is only 10 bones after all. If you like the first one do not hesitate to pick this one up too. It is pretty much everything you love about the first one with a better engine and sharper graphics.One last thing some people have complained about poor optimization for PC but I have had no problem running 1080p a 60fps.PC Specs:I7 6700kASUS GTX 97016 gb ram250gb ssd2tb hard disk"
,Recommended,403640,26670231,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,ЛЁ БИГ МАК,"Preordered it and yet no regrets about this - poor pc optimization won't break the greatness of this piece of art.Few weeks of patience and it will become a GOTY 2016.Pros:- Storyline, oh god it is so detailed! Have you ever imagined to read a book, watch a movie and listen to stories at the same time? Here you will get it. Going straight forward is not a good deal with this game. Read all the notes you can find on tables, listen to all the talks nearby - they all will sink you into the game atmosphere.- Arts are gorgeous. Victorian steampunk style is one of my favorites in this game.- It's an old-good Dishonored stealth. Having a great fun by running silently in No-kills and No-detection challenge. The best thing about that is that game encourages you to play stealthy in lot of ways and this one is the most enjoyable.Cons:- Yeah, poor optimization. It runs 50-60 fps on my 4570+1060 3Gb rig on medium-highs but that 60 fps aren't smooth at all. However, get a patience - this game deserves to be played and not to be refunded. Just give it some time for polishing.- Skills/runes/amulets - some new skills added but I was waiting for more major improvements. Yet not a big issue.Great game anyway, I recommend it for those who liked a previous part and for all who prefers and has enough patience for a stealth-way of game walkthroughs. Rushing with sword through the enemies wastes all the passion the art part of Bethesda had put in this game. Be safe and watch your back: enemies around!"
76561198016884143,Recommended,403640,26584207,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Temp950,"When I first played the game on preorder, I was furious with just how bad the game was, and stopped playing it after ten minutes, because of how terrible the visuals were, and how badly it preformed. I'm not sure if they patched it inbetween, but its a bit more playable now. I have a 6700k processor and a 980gtx ti.The tearing in this game is so bad that I had to keep Vsync on, and so limit my frame rate to 60. BUt it looks a lot better when you do, and although the fps dips frequently down to 50 when  you first come across a open space or certain type of lighting, it runs smoothly enough to play for the most part.There are occasions where it goes down all the way to 20 though, maybe once an hour or so. And this is with  my resolution turned down to 1280X 900, and TXAA disabled in favor of FXAA high, and Occlusion, Bloom, Bloodfly and rat shadows, all turned off. Also, keep adaptive resolution to 100, it causes some  major problems when you turn it down. This is the opposite of what it is there for.THe mouse was horrible, and I was unable to point the cursor anywhere when it was an open space, but the solution for that was turning both the mouse sensitivity and smoothing up to 75, and disabling autoaim and moving the slider down to 0, not just for the mouse, but for the gamepad as well, even if you are not using it.There are also numerous instances in the game (over 20 a level) where the edges of two textures don't meet, and you can see a white line inbetween. Grates and other structures made of parralel lines often have jagged orange lights shining through them, areas randomly flicker between texture and white.  Game crashes infrequently, it has happened about 4 times so far, and once it got stuck in a menu and I had to restart the computer.  There are bits of the map where you cannot jump for some reason, and also some things in the environment that you cannot pick up even though you see your cursor changing. ITs sometimes hard to choke an enemy even when you are in the right spot behind them, or do anything really.If you can ignore these things, its a phenomenal game. It took me an average of two hours per level, but that is playing for nonlethal and stealth, and exploring every bit. I think I am mover 18 hours now, and only on the 7th mission. The cool part is that many missions have a huge starting area before you get to the actual spot, so its wonderful. It kept many of the good things about dishonored, such as the multiple routes and interesting conversations to listen in on, as well as provi9ding some very fun and interesting new powers for emily. I have not played Corvo yet. The ability to craft runecharms is wonderful, although it has some bugs. Stacking certain charms does not improve the ability like it should. And other bonecharms are nerfed so badly as to make them useless.I would reccomend this game if you are a dishonored fan and have a powerful PC. Remember that I have a pretty good card and system, and I am forced to play it at a tiny fraction. I find it hard to believe that any company would do such a poor job optimizing on a game crafted with such care. It makes it clear that they care little for their PC players; there is really no other reason to have not fixed these problems before launch. I do not think we will get a patch anytime soon, given their track record and lack of response. So if you want a game that runs properly, wait. If you are desperate for this game, I like I have been, then buy it and deal with the issues. It took me a good two hours of fiddling to get the game working properly.PS: If you have an nvidia card, also remember to set your ""Draw pre-rendered frames"" option to one. That causes major problems."
76561198058301795,Recommended,403640,26651201,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,ikobal,"Great game, lives up to the franchise."
,Recommended,403640,26651220,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Chiral,"One of the best games I have ever played! Highly recommend. Just hope they fix the random crashes and some performance issues. The game is still worth it imo. Then again, I am a big fan of the franchise."
76561198006714408,Recommended,403640,26567484,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Big Dick Bazuso,"I give it a solid 6.5/10I enjoyed the everloving ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ out of Dishonored 1, but for some reason this one has me feeling more annoyed than joyful, and I think that's just because the game doesn't let me play the way I want to play it. I don't want to be all sneaky beaky or non lethal, I want to cut a bloody swath through Dunwall and leave my surviving enemies cowering in the alleys with freshly♥♥♥♥♥♥Kine in their trousers, yet playing the way I want to play will get me the ""bad ending"". It almost makes me feel like there's no point if i'm going to have to play in a way that is uninteresting to me just to get the satisfaction of getting the good ending.Others may feel differently, but for me that plants this game at a solid 6.5/10."
76561198057835781,Recommended,403640,26575464,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Detective Geralt,"The game itself is as expected, amazing. However the frames, mouse and everything visual performance wise is terrible. It's still some what playable but it's not even close to great.Great system with the different skill sets/crafting though. Love the blackmarkets and the clever ways to rob them.Corvo sounds like Daud and The Outsider has a different tone/voice actor (decent but rather have the old Outsider) as well as having Delilah as the main antogonist. Hated how they used her again since she was already in Dishonored 1 DLCs.So 7/10 not factoring in the terrible PC performance."
,Recommended,403640,26675296,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Dil,"Best experience on PC so far, playing in Ultra, very smooth and story appealing. Good sequel! Congrats!"
,Recommended,403640,26752527,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Alice,"Dishonored 2 is a great game, as I am a huge fan of the first as well. It's a blast just to go around and slaughter everyone, and more challenging to go Low Chaos and to render everyone unconcious, but more rewarding. This is in my top 3 games of 2016."
,Recommended,403640,26612842,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,mækiːˈɛf,"+Excellent gameplay+Incredible world building+Wtrong immersion+Well styalised, distinctive artstyle+Lots of replayability-dissapointing performance-new outsider voice"
76561198090779290,Not Recommended,403640,30915311,Posted: 2 April,all,Jigguh,okay straight up. this game is not optamized for PC. i have a beast pc that runs everything awsome. this game though... performes terribly. the first was butter smooth. im dissapointed as fudge bro seriously.
76561198033365224,Recommended,403640,26574749,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Placenta Juan,"I get ♥♥♥♥♥♥ performance in this game. I can run the Witcher 3 on Ultra at max 40fps (with shadows on high and hair off) and Battlefield 1 at ultra 40-50fps, all at 1080p, but to run this I need to turn it at do 720p and a mix of high (textures and models) and medium (everything else). Even with these settings, I still struggle to breach the 40fps line. Even at these settings the game looks incredible. It's a testament to the art team for making something look so incredible that on low settings like this you can't help but marvel.However, I still ♥♥♥♥ing love this game, perhaps more than the original, and that is why I'm giving it a thumbs up.Because, once you look past the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ optimisation, you realise the dev team went above and beyond and improved on the original in every way. The locations are larger, much more vertical, and much much much more detailed. The unique locations you visit are all visually distinct, with one late game mission in particular sticking out for me because of a (spoiler) time travel element.I played the first playthrough as Corvo (took me 9 hours, with the final 2 missions sort of rushed because it was 6am and I really wanted to see the end, so I would say around 11 hours for a high chaos playthrough, which is what I did), and was very happy to see I could make the exact same build as in the old game. The abilities, for those who played the first game's dlc, are Corvo's but with some of Daud's tweaks in the mix. Like, blink can be upgraded to stop time when you aren't moving but you are holding down the power button. It's all very familiar in that department, but in a great way. Haven't played Emily yet, but I very much plan on doing so.Running on an 880m for anyone who is wondering. Think a slightly underclocked 760. Similar performance in my experience of comparing mine to youtube videos with other games."
76561198067906280,Recommended,403640,26607569,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,acing3,"Disreguard all performance issues, as that is soon to be patched.Having over 200 hours on the first dishonored, and over 30 hours on the new one, I'd like to assume that my opinion holds some ground. The stealth aspect of Dishonored 2 is a big improvement over the old one. The AI is smarter than ever (granted I started on very hard) but the shear ingenuity of the enemies is astounding. I cant tell you how many times I've restarted on my Ghost/Clean Hands run because I accidentally opened a door or knocked out a stationary guard and the pathing AI was like, &quot♥♥♥♥♥♥ that dude is missing!"" or ""How did that door open!?"" So the AI is a great upgrade.I didn't think D2 would hit that nostalgic feel of the first game, but it did. I thought the new graphics and lighting would ruin the art style of a utopia I had in my head but it didn't at all. It built off of it. Every level was new and exciting, yet a faint part of my self linked the zone to one from the original game. I loved it for that fact.Gameplay wise, I started with Corvo because of the upgrade system and the familiarity of blink, however I have tried Emily. Corvo is stronger than Emily in the stealth department (mainly due to Time bend blink) but Emily's kit is extremely fleshed out and unique details put into the character design.I normally don't review games, but after seeing the mixed reviews based entirely on performance and not one taking a broader look at the game as a whole, I had to voice my opinion."
,Recommended,403640,26762390,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Kerry,Even after 2 patchs it is still unplayble
,Recommended,403640,26762311,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,-maestropan-,"Deep maps and compelling AI. Have only scratched the surface, will possibly bring more detail when I've played more."
76561197979091111,Recommended,403640,26674629,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Pag Himself,If you liked Dishonored 1 you'll like this one as well. They're are more ways to do the story now that there are 2 characters. played 91 hours and I know for sure I'm gonna make another one in the future.There are some minor bugs but they definitely are shadowed by the rest which is pure Au.9.5/10
,Recommended,403640,26721421,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,mrdave230,"Where to start..?First off, during my time playing Dishonored 2 I didn't experience any frame drops, crashes or game breaking bugs that ruined my time with the game. However, even with my somewhat beefy computer, the games settings were auto set to medium and I ran 35-50 frames throughout the entire playthrough.Next, the game itself. I am a massive fan of Dishonored 1 and all 3 of the DLC's that came out for the first game. I was hyped from the first day Dishonored 2 was announced. Dishonored 2 was worth the wait as it is a real masterpiece to play. My first playthrough of the game I played as Emily and did a stealth/ no kill run. The stealth in this game at times is really challenging and enemies AI has been improved to make it somewhat harder for you to sneak up and choke out. Enemies are more aware and react more when they notice someone went missing or when they see a body. Unlike in the original game, this time I feel like you need to play a little more careful when sneaking around.The level designs in the game are some of the best yet in the series. Each mission you are in you can see the detail and beauty of each level. From starting out in Dunwall, to first arriving in Karnaca and exploring the capital of Serkonos, each area is packed full of style. Some of my favourite missions to play include The Clockwork Mansion and The Dust District. Both of these missions show the beauty and intricacy that Dishonored 2 offers.The choices you make in the game do affect how the story unfolds later in the game. I won't go into detail on this section of the review, as I have on played the game once as Emily. I will reserve a more detailed section once I play as Corvo and play the game completely different. However, the choices you make in this game changes up how the story plays out. Compared to the first game, Dishonored 2 expands greatly on choices the player can make.The powers in the game are awesome as always. I played as Emily for my first playthrough and after fooling around with her powers that she gets from the Outsider, I can say that her powers are more fun to play with than Corvo's powers from the first game. Dishonored 2 also focuses more on customizing your powers in the sense that you can change up how you power acts and what it does. I focuses mainly on using Far Reach, Dark Vision and Domino.Lastly, I will talk about any bugs or glitches in the game. As I said previously, I hadn't come across any game breaking bugs. However, I have come across a few things that left my scratching my head. First glitch I came across, was when I'd use Far Reach. Rarely, I would get stuck in the air and wouldn't be able to get down. Reloading fixes that glitch. Next glitch I came across would be that if you quick save on top of a Watchtower, quick loading would kill me instantly until I would go back to another save. The last glitch I came across was during The Clockwork Mansion mission. I found myself not being able to quick save or save save for a good part of that mission when I was in Jin Dosh's mansion. Reloading wouldn't fix the issue. After a little bit, that game fixed itself and I could save again.My final thoughts on Dishonored 2 are that I believe this to be the game of the year as it was a fresh, fun and challenging game. The style and sound of Dishonored 2 is wonderful and tasteful and the gameplay in engaging and fun. Despite the glitches and framerate problems people are having, which can easily be patched, I still give this game an easy 10/10."
76561198063856969,Recommended,403640,26667161,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Ex-Sturm-Inator,"While the issues with the graphics have been well documented, I will base this review strictly upon the gameplay and overall feel.  I truly love this game.  The atmosphere and experience is a continuation from the first.  No game for me can rival how well I am immersed.  Full disclosure though, Dishonored 1 was my favorite game of all time."
76561198313835669,Not Recommended,403640,28321347,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Solid_Snek,"♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t enemy placement, clunky stealth, being severly punished for even slightly ♥♥♥♥ing up, unfair checkpoints, and last but certainly not least poor PC optimization have led to one of the poorest gaming experiences I have had all year."
76561198052405575,Recommended,403640,26708300,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,JackityPoo,"I personally haven't experienced any of the performance issues that others have so i've been able to enjoy the game for what it is, I'm not going to let others sour your mood, The environment is just as detailed with many ways to complete objectives. The introduction of emily as a playable character was also a neat addition.Overall if you're a fan of the first game you will enjoy this just as much if not more"
76561198030803921,Not Recommended,403640,32169625,Posted: 4 June,all,33mortis33,GARBAGE...  $60 dollars for a game that you have to play in window mode because of poor programming.  In game and out of game screen resolution adjustments have been unseccessful.  I have tried all possible options to force game to full screen mode but nothing works.  Save your money and sanity.  MSI Ghost GS60 6QE (i7-6700HQ 2.6G 64bit)  GF-GTX970M
,Not Recommended,403640,28764769,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Nick,"_______________________________________***First Impressions***_______________________________________Complete garbage. Do not buy this terrible excuse for a PC port.Where do I begin with this one? The first Dishonored was a major success, with fans enjoying all kinds of interesting ways to assassinate targets using fun, easy-to-use powers to try and make the most creative runs through the game's short campaign. Dishonored 2 however, seems to fail to do anything new with the franchise aside from a few new powers that don't seem as useful as the old ones. The storyline is once again pretty weak with nothing that really stands out and some pretty poor acting performances all around.But the real complaint I have with this game comes from the technical aspects. I purchased this game an entire month after it's release in hopes that all the issues were fixed, and after seeing the overall steam review score finally turn ""positive"" i assumed all was good. Wow was I wrong... this game is still a complete mess. Here's a list of issues I encountered within the first 30 minutes of playing...-Frame Pacing Issues-Broken Audio-Audio volume lowering/raising randomly-Poor framerates-Broken AI-Bad Voice Acting-Pointlessly large level design-Poor lighting-Poor texturesAnd before the diehard Dishonored 2 fanboys come raging in the comments section about how I only have 1 hour on record... the fact that I found all of these problems within that one hour is reason enough for any potential buyer to be careful with this game. I wanted to enjoy this game, the franchise has so much potential, but this is simply a terribly made  PC port. If you own a console, I highly recommend you at least pick it up there instead of on the PC. But you're still going to be stuck with some of the game's basic design flaws like the crappy voice acting, outdated graphics engine, and just overtly bad game design. I'll post a video benchmark and a ""First Impressions"" review video soon so that I can go into better detail and show you what I'm talking about with all my complaints above for anyone who wants clarification.Hopefully Arkane fixes this steaming pile of crap. Until then.. I have refunded the title.First Impressions Videohttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EMtXfqyQidcPC Benchmarkhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OuwrFzS3EwY"
76561198014718747,Not Recommended,403640,28869323,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,tombom64,"A game that gives you some really cool assasination options, but makes you feel guilty and punishes the assasin type style, where as staying in stealth and walking through the game seems more rewarding.Slightly dissapointing- maybe worth a buy if its ever up for £10"
,Not Recommended,403640,34799832,Posted: 7 September,all,Sentick,"FIX THE STUPID FRAME PACING!!!!!! JESUS IVE WAITED TOO LONG AND NOW YOURE MAKING ANOTHER GAME SO WHAT, YOU GUYS JUST TOOK MY 60 DOLLARS!?"
76561198047477114,Not Recommended,403640,28705763,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Hambrownjamdan,After trying workarounds and other suggested fixes to the painfully low  fps drops......Asking for a refund because I don't enjoy purchasing an unfished game.
76561198121504303,Not Recommended,403640,28466097,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Warrior T4NK,here is my advise do not buy this game until the pbs are fixed. I saw all the commentary telling to don't buy it. I thought that with chance the game would work...lol.
,Not Recommended,403640,28874417,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Geomancerx,"So on the whole Dishonored 2 is a cool and fun game to play.  If we take a standpoint of looking at the GAME only.  However this has to be the most technical messed up game I have ever dealt with.  Took me 2 hours to figure out how to get it to start.  The problem was that this game does not seem to get along with the NVIDIA control panel.  It would go through the loading screen and give me a black screen.  If any of you are having this problem here is the steps to delete the Nvidia configuration for the game.Delete ""dishonored2Config.cfg"" located in C:\Users\<user>\Saved Games\Arkane Studios\dishonored2\base (by default).  Relaunching the game after doing this should reset all settings back to default.I would recommend this game after they fix all the technical bugs.  It is not worth the money at the moment.  But when they fix it I will give this game a thumbs up."
,Recommended,403640,28653776,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Jordan,Pretty fun. Didn't even finish the game cause I got bored though. Just very dry storyline and doesn't really keep me interested or wanting to play more. I was playing it just to progress the game I realized.
76561198250853538,Not Recommended,403640,26521025,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Underwater,Wont even ♥♥♥♥ing load this pisses me off because it looks like a really good game
,Recommended,403640,26594148,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,SabbyCo,"For fans of the first game, this sequel is done very well. Yes there are technical issues with framerate and movement, but the game is still very much playable. The enemies are much more aware and the combat is much smoother than in the first game. The graphics are beautiful and the new enemies and powers are very well done. There are at least four different ways you can choose to play, as well as high chaos or low chaos playstyle, which will result in different endings. The missions themselves have better story than the actual game, but still a decent story.Technical issues will hopefully be patched soon. But for fans of the first game and stealth games in general, I definitely recommend this game."
,Recommended,403640,26665930,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Mr.Horsehead,"First Dishonored game is the probably best game I've ever played. By the story, by the design, by the music it was all EPIC.Now the sequel comes as Dishonored 2.If you deny the first game, you can say that this game has 8,5/10 overall.But there is a huge BUT,If you compare this game with the first game (as i did) it is just 6/10This is WHY? :Bethesda and Arcane were raised the bar so high with the first game, it was just excellent. To keep it short here is pros and cons:Pros:-One more chance to see Dunwall, Corvo, Emily and their amazing story.-Fantastic level design. I lost my mind when I saw Duke Abele's Mansion. I just spent an hour at staring hardwood and stone work. I'm gonna say, If i have ever become a rich, I'm gonna build a house like that. Wiew of Karnaca is astonishing. I give 10/10 to the guys who worked in level design.-New opportunity to play as Empress Emily Kaldwin. Great improvement for the players to taste different gameplay.- Every level has its own uniqe gameplay style, I really enjoyed playing the clockwork mansion and time piece mission.Cons:-As everybody knows, there is a huge optimization problem. I couldn't managed to play at 60 fps with gtx970- Soundtrack is crap compared to the first game. ( Players who listened ""Honor for All"" and ""Drunken Whaler"" will understand me). That hauntingly beautiful song ""Drunkend Whaler"" even plays in my dreams. In this game there is nothing left from that magnificent soundtrack from first game.- The Outsider's voice is CRAP!! (Boo to Arcane studios)- The Outsider's scenes are sloppy. (There is something missing in game at that scenes. It just don't fill you up)Summary:Rest of the story is bit of sloppy. I don't know why but it just didn't felt like the first game. Its like painting a trashcan, Details are good.Color is good, Its a perfect trashcan drawing but why a talented painter should draw this just after he painted Mona Lisa ? (author references to the first Dishonored game.) Actually everything is awesome except optimization bugs and story. But there is still a chance for Arcane Studios. If they suprise us again with DLC packs ( Like Knife of Dunwall and Brigmore Witches, It will be save the day again.)By the way:shall we gather for whiskey and cigars tonight? (I'm angry that, why not even a single reference to that quote doesn't exist in the game ?)"
,Recommended,403640,26607703,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,HKW | Strall,"An excellent game, even if there are some quality of life changes that could be made.After my first playthough, i'm wanting more of this, and i'm going back soon with Corvo !And one more thing...Damn you, blood flies !!! D:"
76561197997169979,Not Recommended,403640,26521982,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,kail_wisdom,No mans sky all over again... so sad this is what the gaming industry has been reduced to ...
,Recommended,403640,26602751,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Heacalri,"This game series has proven to be extremely enjoyable once again. Having completed it in low chaos mode this was a good challenge and extremely rewarding. And I know i will play through this game at least three more times in various styles to get the full experience of the low/high chaos and for the achievements such as ""flesh and steel"" and ""clean hands"" and such. This is the only game i would think to go for achievements as it forces you to go out of your comfort zone which i like.Encountering only 1 gameplay bug (where i glitched through the floor to the empty space under the map) in the entire game and a sensitivity bug in the throne room at the start of the game i think this was well made. I played this through on opening weekend and expected a couple of bugs and in general I was happy with the game.My start to finish of the game was in a 15hr period for a linear level based story game where i look at about £3 to 1hr playtime I was thoroughly impressed.Overall after first playthrough i would give this game a solid 8.5/10(this will be edited after another couple of playthrough depending on my experiences in other playstyles eg.High chaos)"
76561198122083854,Recommended,403640,26605465,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,AvengedSevenSam,"I don't have any performance issues, loving the gameplay! Something that fixed my low FPS was turning the priority of dishonored to high."
76561198002619562,Recommended,403640,26686975,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,BOY♂NEXT♂VAULT,"If you are like me and love the first Dishonored, you will love this game as well.Technical problems are currently a moderate issue, but its a temporary problem and i dont really take it into account.What to say, very good graphics, new powers and better choices when it comes to upgrading them and a plot that will make you want to play more and more to get to the bottom of things.Voiced protagonists were inevitable, because Emily was voiced in 1st game and now it would be just dumb if she was mute all of sudden.Both main characters are voiced really well in my opinion.Enemies are now a bit smarter overall, on all difficulties, they arent blind and they actually employ their necks fully, to move head around to find you :D.Melee fighting is now faster and punishes you if you jump on 3+ guards and think you can just slash your way out without really doing anything, like it was sometimes possible in 1st game.Game still works on the level basis, but levels are now more complex, bigger and higher, so that you can play with your enemies or safely run away to patch your wounds.In conclusion, this is exactly what ive been waiting for, when the performance issues are fixed, the game will be perfect.People saying that the graphics are bad must be blind, because the game has a great immersive look and feel, but it now also detailed.As i said, the performance issues are temporary and any game could have these problems, but it wont change how good is the game itself.So before you buy it, have in mind that there were MANY b.tthurt people and trolls (i dont like using that word), who just cant deal with any problem and instead of refunding, they kept on b.tching- some just to tarnish the reputation of this game....Thats the loud minority for ya, so maybe you better look at Youtube to get an idea about this game."
,Not Recommended,403640,26591308,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,cryptic,"This game is literally terrible.Cons- REALLY bad story, like wow, who wrote this?- Nothing new from Dishonored 1, except Emily's abilities are much ♥♥♥♥♥ier.- PRICE, wait til sale peoples.- Oh yeah, optimization, what the ♥♥♥♥, how do you release this?"
76561198077972681,Recommended,403640,26593056,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,TonkDumbleDonk,"Seems to work fine for me (gtx 980, core i5, 16gigs ddr3)amd users cucked again hehe. patch inc though i heardhaven't played too much but the VO seems very mediocre, especially for corvo. have experienced some weird jittering in actors eyes but thats about it"
76561198046605197,Recommended,403640,26553799,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Swiggity_Swag,"THIS IS A FANTASTIC GAMEThe story is amazing, and although not all of the characters from the first game make an appearance *cough, cough Samuel* they do in some way come up again in the world, one way or another. I don't want to spoil anything for anyone, so I'll just give my brief opinions on a couple important parts to the game. The gameplay itself is graceful, once you have the graphics on your system figured out that is. The plot itself is deeply rooted in similar concepts from the last game and it's DLC content (though you really don't have to have played it to fully understand the story).Decisions seem to play an equally powerful role in this game, with the people and environment in some way reacting to your decisions as you progress. The game length seemed about as long as the first one was, it took me about a day to replay that game and a day to beat this game with just one of the two character choices (though both can be easily done in one day if someone really wants to spend hours playing, or wants to decrease the difficulty). The levels themselves are impressively well thought out and quite lengthy (there are 9 levels in this game) , and in each one there is so much lore to be discovered between Jessamine's heart (which will tell you something about the environment and it's inhabitants), books, conversations, and even songs ( THERE ARE ACTUAL SONGS AND POEMS MADE SPECIFICALLY FOR KARNACA IN THIS GAME ). The ending seemed a little dull compared to Dishonored's endings, but still the game itself makes up for a lot of that just through feeling so alive. It keeps you wanting to come back to it over and over again.I've finished the game now twice ( low chaos as Corvo and high chaos as Emily on legendary and hard difficulty respectively ) and I'm not sure if it was just because of how I was playing or the way the game was designed, but it was so much more satisfying to play as Corvo, especially while meeting the Outsider again. It was a little weird this time that his voice actor had changed ( and also that echo in his voice + his high pitched voice was a little annoying at times) but really his dialogue with Corvo made me forget all that. However, playing as Emily I just thought his character sucked. It didn't really seem all that thought out and he really didn't leave a lasting impression. Again, it could just be because of how I was playing the game. I haven't played low chaos for Emily yet, so keep that in mind. This is just my first impressions.I was upset with the graphics when I first started playing, the world looked so gorgeous and I wanted to enjoy it for what it is. Fortunately after some tampering I realized lowering the screen resolution to 1600 x 900 and setting overall graphic quality to low looked almost exactly like how I remember Dishonored looking, and I could easily content myself with that for the time being. I could see how others wouldn't like that, but it's all the same to me for now."
,Recommended,403640,26571927,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,RFiato,"THIS is a great ♥♥♥♥ing stealth game. That could be the BEST ♥♥♥♥ing stealth game. if you like dishonored 1 then this is absolutely worth your money. I'd say if this is your first dishonored game. dont buy it. just get the 1st game(currently $10) and see if you like the gameplay and style of them. There are a few cons thoughCONS:1. preformance is pretty garbage on PC but im sure you know that already, hopefully it will be patched within the week and should then run fine.2. I remember the interviews with the devs a few months back. The biggest complaint of the first game was its length, for me it took me about 9hrs my first time as i just did the main story, going as chaotic as possible and not really doing any of the collectibles or side ""encounters"". IN these interviews the devs specifically said the game would be longer than the first, anywhere from 12-20 hours, with that i thought it would be safe to say that with doing all the side activities it could be anywhere from 25-30 hrs. BUT no.....ive done may of the side activities and it still only took about 9hrs to complete the game. so if anything its shorter, just with more replayability then the firstIF you know you love dishonored id say buy this, otherwise what for a sale as its hard to justify the $60 price with the minimal content included."
,Recommended,403640,26582928,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Saturn,"I have yet to finish this game, am about 14hrs in so far, but I have to say, I am extremely pleased with this game. Depending on how the story continues to play out, it is very likely that this will, in my opinion, be a better game than the first.The immersion that I loved from the first game is still there, the movements are fluid, the world is incredibly well-constructed and there are so many ways to play this game that I cannot wait to replay it once I finish.I was quite appalled to read the reviews on launch day, but I have had next to no problems at all. I have had one instance of the game closing down after loading a save but that's about it. Further, I have noticed that the intro loading screen has a huge disparity in load times, ranging from 5 seconds to upwards of 2 minutes just to load in, not really sure why.I'm playing this game on high to very high settings with a gtx770 and i5-4440 CPU and am holding a consistent framerate, without any stuttering and whatelse people have reported experiencing.Easily one of my favourite games of 2016."
76561198006831540,Recommended,403640,26675965,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,rrjames,"Fantastic story. Many challenges. Beautiful scenery. Some bugs. Some crashes. Played through as Emily. Got to the end. Performed the last thing I needed to finish the story, and there's a bug. I can't finish the story because of the bug! I love this game very much, and I'm one action away from seeing the ending, but cannot. I recommend this very much, regardless of these glitches. I'll wait for a patch before I go and try to finish it again. You should wait for the patch, too."
,Recommended,403640,26684135,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,S.S.Dragon™,"overall: i love it, glad i pre-ordered when i could. i dont agree with pre-ordering games unless you are that interested in itbesides the slight performance problems, it does well.has more replay value than the first game, cause you can play as emily or covro and you already had the option to stealthy or aggrestive"
,Recommended,403640,26756949,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Dominic Toretto,"The game is amazing. If you enjoyed the first one, this one is better. New patch fixes performance issues for me."
76561198005181899,Recommended,403640,26531015,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,pstlouis10(QC),Game run perfectly well. At 3440x1440p I run at full setting and get avg 100fps. Players that have problem with that game doesn't have a optimized windows or the driver are not the latest. You need a good system at high res.windows 10 pro 64 bitsi74790kAsus maximus hero VIIGskill sniper DDR3-1866 16gEVGA GTX1080 SCEVGA GTX950 SSCSSD Samsung 850 evo 2tb.XFX 1250W
76561198068596525,Recommended,403640,26638083,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,xanost,"I loved the first Dishonored, and I get the same feeling and more from the sequel. Emily Kaldwins powers are dark and great fun to unleash. The level design and detail in the game makes me want to explore the entire map to find all the ways into a building that I COULD have taken. I understand some are having graphical issues, but I am not, its been a great engaging game that I intend to beat again as Corvo."
76561198117186392,Not Recommended,403640,32837756,Posted: 26 June,all,lenk.charles,"Screen stayed black after loading. Apparently a common issue, but the most common fix did not work for me. I've had this issue with no other game. Using an almost new computer with a 7th gen i5 and a GTX 1070."
76561198007710353,Recommended,403640,26535328,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,TACIT,"Yes I suffered same performace hit as everyone else but dropping the pre-rendered frames fix worked a treat!Now its smooth as silk at medium, but that is great considering my GPU and small amount of VRAM. Graphics are superb btwRigi7 4990770GTX - 2GB16RAMWIN 10OH and the game is amazeballs so far"
76561198020511664,Recommended,403640,26515140,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Haerken,"The game started right up and I ran the very high setting on graphics for tutorial. I switched to Ultra on the graphics a short while into the game.  GTX1070 graphics card, an AMD FX-8350 CPU using a ssd drive loaded with Win10 Pro. I don't have mouse problems or jerky motion. 1920x1080 full screen. I haven't gotten to Serkonos yet, but am outside headed to the docks. Playability has been good so far. It looks like this will be a good game for me. I'll enjoy the game."
,Recommended,403640,28128436,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,JudgementDX,"I was hoping that the reviews for this game would even out again after the recent patches but seeing how we still have a mixed where we should have an overwhelmingly positive, I want to throw my opinion on the stack. Even though Dishonored 1 was my favourite until now I want to keep this as honest as possible so we can start with everything negative.Cons:-Early performance issue, long since resolved-Story at least at the beginning is literally just the first game recycled as an excuse to start the main gameplay, Improves as time goes on-Mildly buggy: Fell through the ground and died once and I once robbed a black market shop by falling 20 feet to my death, otherwise i've never had an issue.-Audio: Voiceovers seem to overlap far too often making listening to a specific person impossible- The new voice of the outsider is absolutely terrible and in my opinon the worst thing listedPros:-Graphics: Absolutely beautiful, I wouldn't be surprised if it was the best looking game to date and then some-Gameplay: Just as solid as ever with new features to improve the experience of the first, new stealth takedowns, lock runes with the heart, etc-Balance: Powers have been changed to make using more powers more viable and enjoyable for all playstyles. In the first game I remember just getting blink and dark vision to level 2 and zipping around without a thought for mana potions or any other ability, with those changes and whalebone crafting, you can customize a build for your playthrough much better.I could list 100 other improvements like how the level design and new powers are amazing and creative or keep gushing over the graphics, but really this is the same material that got dishonored 1 game of the year when it came out and all the pros listed are just icing on the cake. It's long past time to be upset about one minor flaw in the early stage of release."
76561198262076507,Not Recommended,403640,27895475,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Welcome to my jew,Honestly if u want to buy this game because u thought this game was like the first one ur wrong i honestly don't think this is a game for people who honestly enjoyed the first one because it doesn't feel same ik its the 2nd game but when i mean its not the same i mean it in the sense of Enjoyment.
76561198018817391,Recommended,403640,26621823,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Barracuda,"A very fun game, it is quite impressive and several levels have unique and impressive gameplay style.Runs pretty well on my machine, despite it being a medium gaming laptop. Just make sure to have your latest NVIDIA driver updated."
,Not Recommended,403640,27770261,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Bat of Sealand,Runs about as well as Batman: AK did at launch.
76561198016565782,Recommended,403640,26591800,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,gh,"I got this game expecting to ask for a refund going into it. I alllways go by the reviews as they are almost always correct. HOWEVER... Ive been tryyyying to tax my system to the max. Everything on ultra top best settings, albiet at 1080 resolution. Not one glitch or studder yet. fps is a solid 90-100. vsync on @ 60 its smooth as butter. Also not a single crash yet. I also expected mouse issues as other reviews had suggested. Deff slow at first install but a bit of playing with sensitivity and the smoothness back n forth a few times till i got it jus right fixed that real quick. (occasionally the dpi button on mouse itself also gave me good results with diff mouse settings) My only complaint is some of the textures are a bit muddy and the AA choices are limited. But so far the game seems quite amazing.i7 593048gb ram (deff dont use close to that)ssdtwo 980s (although no sli support?? seems to be working for me)"
,Not Recommended,403640,28673605,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,AlphaCado,"terrible, crash on startup"
76561198059454744,Not Recommended,403640,28963623,Posted: 2 January,all,ZephEnterprise,This is completely and utterly unplayable.
,Not Recommended,403640,31020080,Posted: 8 April,all,Grimsmile,"TERRIBLE PERFROMANCE!I spent 6 hours trying to get it running smoothly because I loved the first one so much, realized I should have refunded it and forgot that you need to have under 2 hours playtime to get a steam refund GG.0 Comments	 Subscr"
76561198006266673,Recommended,403640,26755080,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Orex/www.twitch.tv/riken13,"I've just about gotten through my second playthrough and the game has been pretty much 90% smooth sailing.Hardware issues: The only issue I ran into running the game was on Ultra settings. My system is a few years old but was top of the line when I got it made, i7-4790k intel processor, 16gb ram, Nivida Titan Black GPU.I tried running the game on Ultra first, and it ran on ultra fine for the first bit. Once I got outside though the game had some issues. I put it down to Very High and the game has ran without a hitch for me.Gameplay is by far the strongest point of this game. you can play as Corvo or Emily and they both have a set of differing supernatural abilities that are fun to mess and mix with. Each mission is a self-contained sandbox where you can mess around to your hearts content.Story: Unfortuantely the story is by far the worst part of this game, its by no means bad but its very much in your face and everything is basically told to you in the beginning except for one very minor twist near the end of the game. How you choose to play the missions does change the overall outcome by the end but there is no suprise on who your enemy is or suprise enemies that show up or twists that way. In that way the story is weakest, but I still enjoyed playing it.Overall, if you want to play your way and have fun playing as a powerful supernatural assassin in a clockwork deathmask this is the game for you!"
76561198052968966,Recommended,403640,26524097,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,oliverio,"So far so good, saddens me to see that some people are having technical difficulties this game is a worthy successor of the first one and i wanted people to enjoy it. i need to give it a thumbs up since im having no problems at all with the game running on a 1070 i7 6700. I hope the mixed reviews state of the store page gets removed eventually because this is trully a great stealth game with TONS of replayability and fan service of the first one."
,Not Recommended,403640,34988128,Posted: 15 September,all,Dragonforce Changed My Life,"My rig can run Witcher 3 on high settings at 60 fps.Dishonored 2 runs like a clumsy fat guy after eating a bunch of cheap burritos, so sometimes he pukes all over himself then stumbles into the puddle while crying about how all he wanted to do was read steampunk novels after his delicious taco bell brunch and can't understand why the bookstore employees started chasing him down the street brandishing cattle prods.Game seems fun so far, but expect significant performance issues unless you're above and beyond the recommended specs."
,Recommended,403640,28681497,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,MrChair99,"Don't listen to all the people hating on the performance of the game.  Running a gtx 970 and 6600k and the game is smooth running no problems.  The gameplay is great, I'd say better than the first game, and this game is worth your money when its full price, so for it to be on sale is a steal."
76561198040559941,Recommended,403640,29001051,Posted: 4 January,all,(sds) the core,"Haven't had much time to play, but so far so great"
76561198342038081,Recommended,403640,31079027,Posted: 11 April,all,Heronythe,This is better than any orgy I have ever attended (I haven't attended any) but it's still better.
76561198044796994,Not Recommended,403640,31595027,Posted: 6 May,all,ghost,"still runs like♥♥♥♥♥♥even on the lowest settings, I can play other AAA games with no problem ex battlefield1 nier automata"
,Recommended,403640,32884743,Posted: 27 June,all,Lemons,Eh
,Recommended,403640,28600920,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Svartedauden¯\_(ツ)_/¯,10/10 | The most unplayable game ever1. Release badly omptimised game2. Release even ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ patch to fix the issue3. ????4. PROFIT!
,Recommended,403640,32903662,Posted: 27 June,all,FailureXD[XYGAMING.COM],VERY GOOD
,Not Recommended,403640,28697545,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Verdoc,the 15 minute before crashing simulator cant recommend in its current state
76561197970474758,Recommended,403640,29141538,Posted: 9 January,all,russwyte,First - I had zero peformance problems playing this game. My PC is good but by no means cutting edge. I do sympathize with those that have/had issue - but I can honestly say it has been as smooth as butter for me nearly maxed out with Nvidiad GTX 980.The story is solid. The game play is even better than the first game. Very interesting dialog and characters. Good music and sound. Exceptional world design.I Played as Emily and managed no kills.I can't wait to play through again and go fully choatic. If you enjoyed the first game - you will love this one.
76561198006582789,Not Recommended,403640,32243151,Posted: 7 June,all,Muertington,"Really hard and opposed feelings regarding this game.Its not really that good once you have played it, mostly because of the terribad, generic and mediocre story.Add to that the fact that playing as a nobleman trying to recover the throne kinda upsets me given my dislike towards anything nobility related.Wish they took a different approach to this game and made it focused on Daud, who for me is a much more interesting character, or just created a new playable character who rose from poverty (a common theme in Dishonored).In fact the bad gal should have been the main character.If you are truly desperated to play it because of all those youtube videos of gameplays maybe wait for a future sale and let your common sense take control... or just waste your money like I did.Dont really feel like recomending this game as much as I like its artistic style and setting."
,Not Recommended,403640,33007720,Posted: 29 June,all,ルナ | Fremy ☆,"Game is a lot better in terms of mechanics after dishonored 1 and I really hope to play it again someday but unfortunately I will refund this game and it's because of the performance of the game, it runs really bad on any setting, just ask yourself this question:Should a GTX 1070 (or even a GTX 1080 after reading other reviews) run this game at 45 fps ?If you answered yes, then I really don't know what to say.If you answered no, then be careful with what you are buying, because in terms of fps you will be dissapointed for sure.Gameplay 8/10Enjoyment 2/10 (Bad FPS)Edit: Got my refund on the same day of issuing a request, just a little proof that you can in fact get refunds with a good reason behind it."
76561198036516971,Recommended,403640,28920782,Posted: 1 January,all,MattyKo,"Bought it first day and it did have some issues with frame rate drop when in heavy areas with a lot going on, but honestly it never distracted from the game at all for me, The drop would be from 60 to 40s. After they patched it I didn't notice any frame rate drops and the game played even more smoothly.Now with new game plus, the game is everything I want it to be. Running the game the first time you have to pick and choose what skills/powers you want to focus on since you're not able to collect enough runes to max everything out. With new game+ you can have both power sets from each character and start with however many runes you collected in the previous run. So the ability to have it all is available and that is very enticing for me.If you liked the atmosphere and gameplay of Dishonored then hopefully you'll enjoy this too. It doesn't break the mold and that's not a bad thing. They kept what made the first one so much fun to play and just improved upon it."
,Recommended,403640,26511881,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Mei,i love this game already
76561198032825140,Recommended,403640,28231521,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Cynical,"Not as good as the first, but being ""not quite as good as the best AAA game since the term 'AAA' entered the gaming parlance"" still leaves quite a bit of room for being good.  Admittedly, it's a slow starter -- you're not going to get much of what you want out of a Dishonored title in the first half of the game, with the first three missions all being tiny nothings and the fourth being an irritating ""cover-stealth"" grind against enemies with 360 degree vision cones -- but once it gets going, it's ""more of the same"".  Huge levels to explore, minimal handholding, excellent art direction, lots of playstyle approaches.  Everything that made you fall in love with the series in the first place.For all of the talk of technical issues, I had smooth framerates on my PC with default settings pre-patch."
,Recommended,403640,29134020,Posted: 8 January,all,Chwiztid,"This game is flipping sweet, and it looks so much better than the first game.  Graphics are awesome.  Level design and artwork is so damn good; missions 4 and 7 were genius!  There are so many ways to finish a mission, and there is SO MUCH LOOT!  I felt as if I had checked every nook and cranny of every level, and I was awarded the 60 percent loot achievement, but I still missed a large portion, which felt similar to playing Thief 2.  My first playthrough was ghostly and low chaos on hard difficulty with Emily Kaldwin, and I quick loaded my way to 38 hours on the campaign.For the system performance, the first mission was slow running towards the end when in the open area, and the time travel mission slightly dropped in FPS when looking through the device, but the rest of the game ran very well.  Get a PS4 if your PC can't handle it.i7 4790 4.0 Ghz16 Gb DDR3 RAMMSI 980 Ti 6 Gb Twin Frozr2560*1440 Maximum Settings"
,Recommended,403640,29136834,Posted: 9 January,all,Swaglord4000,"I m really not sure where the hate for this game comes from...This game has an amazing story, rich characters, amazing graphics and two completely different storylines, each worth about 30-80 hrs worth of playtime.So i cant say that i m seeing why anyone would vote negative for this amazing game."
76561197970445048,Not Recommended,403640,26548343,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,bubbacho,"Well it seems for those who can play the game it might even be better than the original. However I couldn't even get the game to launch with a 6-core i7, 16gb, and two GTX 780ti's in sli. I had no issues with FO4 and Doom in maxed settings at 2560x1600, both Bethesda games. I ended up returning the title with no idea how long a ""day one"" patch would be made available.Too bad as I really enjoyed the original. If they get the bugs worked out I will gladly purchase the game down the road. But in its current state I cannot recommed this title for PC users."
,Recommended,403640,26532019,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Mortem,Yes.. THis is a good game.. It's a big improvement since the first awesome game. It has a very interersting story. More interersting and memorable characters. And It's been fleshed out in almost all aspects. Its more of an open world now.. It's still locked to district missions yet.. You got a tone of side missions and allot of pathways to chose from on each mission make It very replayable. Upgrade system is improved. More shops to use more often. You get to pick betwen two characters. Both with there unique dialoqe and powers. Increasing the replayability again. As well As theres apperently many endings. As far as i see you got one high and low chaos ending per character. As well there is a point early where you can chose to get your powers. But also to denie them and play the game without any powers. Human like..It's hard but I can't wait to find out what secret ending you get out of that.  Combat is refined to more heavy attack and counter and parry.. And not so much just flay your sword at everyone. Stealth killing is still fun. And going non lethal full game is not as tedious as you now got many more options and can even in mid combat take down people in a non lethal way.But A big problem here is the port.. Holy crap the framerate drops to hell as soon as you step out in to a bigger area. And It can lagg spike to♥♥♥♥♥♥when you get gangbanged by 7 enemies. It's badly optimized.. But As soon as they patch and fix that. .Buy this game.. Specialy if your a fan of the first.I wont go in to much more detail as i feel people should experience things for themself. But If you liked the first game.. You love this one.. ( As soon as It's optimized. )
,Recommended,403640,26522722,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Ratatouille,Update your drivers
,Recommended,403640,26517949,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Reddab,It's fun
76561198033172891,Recommended,403640,26520136,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Goldensands,"Seems good, what I wanted, runs fine. Will update"
,Recommended,403640,27425056,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,ATmega16,"Pros - Starting Mission 7Cons - FInishing Mission 7Seriously, this game is great"
,Recommended,403640,27601737,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Rocket Libertine,"I was very impressed with the length and quality of this game. I especially like the aesthetics and the sandboxy gameplay of levels and enemy encounters. That said, my machine has a GTX 1080 and a i7 6700K. I did not run into the same performance issues that other players have, but buyer beware if your machine isn't up to snuff. I applied a few tweaks to got the game running really smoothly. If you want to try to run the game on your mid-range machine, be sure to Google optimization features so you get a good framerate."
76561197970349794,Recommended,403640,26518744,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,SiN_Gandalf,"Just startted playing this game and wow, looks beautiful and plays really smothly too."
,Recommended,403640,28496204,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,HowToDude,"This game had a very rough start with Extreme fps drops that made it unplayable, but it has now been fixed and Boi am i glad that it did. This game is a step up from the original game in every way(and Dishonored is a pretty good game) judge the reviews of this game based on the date and not most helpfull. the game has more then enough content for multiple playthroughs and have a new game + mode."
76561198019647769,Recommended,403640,27779535,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,luxdancer,"Ah, Dishonored, my love~I was a little wary of purchasing the game because of all the complaints concerning the port from console.Suffice to say, I've been playing it on a rig that doesn't meet the Recommended specifications but meets the Required specifications - and yet, I'm perfectly happy with the graphics quality, frame rate, and all that other stuff. Could it be even prettier and more visually detailed? Maybe? Sure? Whatever - for the experience of re-visit the world of Dishonored, getting to play as Emily, and sneaking through the streets of Karnaca, I can forgo super-mega-ultra graphics.I also haven't experienced any of the reported bugs yet, so hopefully this means they've patched most of them.So if you're worried about the game not running right on your rig, but you're dying to play, I would suggest still picking it up and playing for an hour to see if it works properly.One thing that bothered me though - Corvo's voice actor is really terrible.Also,I wish Daud was in it."
76561198131056964,Recommended,403640,28276005,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,sausagefingers,"Amazing game !! Loads of visual ""WOW"" moments. No technical issues at all. Storyline was great, gameplay is fantastic, soundtrack was spot on. This game is amazingly replayable as well. Once you've completed the game with magic, you can then do it without or vice versa. Also you can play as Emily or Corvo. Look at the system requirements before you buy the game. It really helps if you're not trying to play it on a potato. I think maybe steam should ask for system specs before you can post a negative review based on how badly a game runs."
76561198063665422,Recommended,403640,28111565,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Ur mum gay xD,Good
,Recommended,403640,28205710,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Space Madness,"The game is getting patched. The framerate issues are getting patched.It's a good game. If you liked the first game, you'll like this one. The world is rich and immersive and the gameplay is excellent."
,Recommended,403640,28260655,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Hiro,"A smattering of ideologically infused narratives aside, Dishonored 2 ultimately lives up to a majority of the legacy of the first game. Stephen Russel as Corvo is a treat for a long time Thief fan. This game offers a tremendous volume of content with high replayability.A visual feast, eerily one of the most gorgeous games I've looked at, while fraught with technical issues most are seemingly amended by the latest patches. Without hesitation, I'd say snag it, if you do experience technical issues beyond what they've resolved I carry great faith in them to resolve it in a timely fashion.Plenty of gameplay options to tweak and customize the experience with superb AI. And even the ability to play the game without powers.Like a good scotch, something to be savored at length in small quantities."
76561198278190946,Recommended,403640,28317934,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,ZA WARUDO,The only game that makes me immediately start a second playthrough after completing the first one. 10/10. Best stealth game
,Recommended,403640,28410128,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,fantasygamer,One of the best games ever!
,Recommended,403640,28221688,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Crimson FURY,"With patch 1.3,I have no issues with frame rates (or anything else), and with the ability to disable motion blur, I no longer experience nausea playing the game for more than 20 minutes. I've clocked 10 hours, finished 4 episodes and can't get enough. Contender for single player game of the year and every bit as good as the first one!"
76561198116532044,Recommended,403640,28130035,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Khal Drogo,"Dishonored 2 is a great game, and I definitely suggest buying it if you were considering it.I waited until the performance patches came out and I'm glad I did. My system runs the game quite well, and I rarely have any frame drops.The game itself is beautiful, and I absolutely love the detail in the environment. I am one of those players that reads everything they can find, and I have to say the lore and little side stories that you find throughout the game are fantastic and very well written.The new special abilities that they added are fantastic! They are creative and give the player new options to complete objectives (ex: chaining enemies together, then killing one kills the others). Dishonored has always been great at allowing the player to choose how to approach obstacles, and the sequel continues that theme.There is so much more that is great about this game, and I'm still very early into it and cannot wait to discover more. If you loved the first game I canguaranteeyou will highly enjoy this one too."
,Recommended,403640,28253862,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Frand,"-POSITIVES-The game can be played in many different ways which make the game really different.The graphics are really good.The story is a bit short but you can replay it multiple times for different outcomes which makes up for it.Side objectives which are really fun to do.2 characters with different skill sets.-NEGATIVES-The mouse sensitivity is a bit strange but you will get used to it.Some errors may occur in combat or parkour.Has FPS issues in certain areas (BETA).Not worth 60E.-VERDICT-Overall the game is really good and you should get it they only flaw i see with it is the price tag , if you can wait until a say or something get this game , trust me it will be worth your time!"
,Not Recommended,403640,34988205,Posted: 15 September,all,Crocigator,I really want to enjoy this game but it just has too many problems this long after release. There is a major problem in the game with arc pylons not getting disabled after removing the whale fuel and sometimes even after rewiring the thing it will still shoot and kill you. This is a major problem when you play without powers as in a certain missin you cannot progress due to an arc pylon being in your way. Because of this major game breaking bug that still hasn't been fixed I would not recomend the game if you are looking for a great sequel or a challenge. I unfortunately must give it a thumbs down until this major problem is fixed.
,Recommended,403640,26538864,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,nerdscicion,"Awesome sequel, just wait for the patch.PD: Update 1.2 almost fixed the entire optimization issues.PD: Enabling Triple Buffering seems to help with fps ingame."
,Not Recommended,403640,33857623,Posted: 28 July,all,|LZ| Alias,Peformance is horrendous on a decent PC. Stick with Unreal engine and don't use your own crappy one.
76561197968308716,Recommended,403640,26563718,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Rainbird,"I fell in love with the first dishonored's wonderfully realized world. And this next game  just doubles down on that in every way. This is the return to the Kaldwin empire i had always hoped for.The art direction it  goes without saying is just stunning and the streets of Karnaka feel dense with life and history. To a point i don't think i have come across before.I could easily see myself enjoying many play thoughs, as either Emily or Corvo and not see half of what is on offer here.The story is pretty standard fair. but the level desgine is second to none. Offering an amazing array of paths and objectives.Each level is a true sandbox to play in and it's very easy to get distracted from your primary goalsJust a stunning experience of a world you can sink into for many weeks."
76561197965877324,Recommended,403640,26571261,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Jurecki07,6850k WC by a 360 RAd. 1080 FE WC on 480 RAD 950 Pro M.2 playing surrond display 3 24 screens. Tough getting more than 58 fps on Ultra. I dont have 4k screens but the res is 5760x  by somewhere in 3000.. idw the width.. i am a console gamer moved to PC. Not to thrilled with the game but Because i love the first dishonerd some much gives me a biased 8/10 for this game.. Dis. 1 was good on pc I replayed it on this rig so i know they will get it right.
,Recommended,403640,26991362,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Big Boss,Great games
76561197975968849,Recommended,403640,26571019,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,BJDiaperbaby,Great game so far. While there are small optimization issues right now it does not impede on the gameplay like people are saying.  Definitely GOTY contender here.
,Recommended,403640,26541231,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Souljacker,"More dishonoured, great game.When playing the Dust district mission, in Paolos area where u find a howler guarding an overseer in  basement, u can clip reliably clip through the floor by standing on the guards discarded cigar, doing so will kill you.I hope this has been helpful."
,Recommended,403640,26553524,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Sween,"Just as good as the first game if not better, ive heard of the fps drops and such but didnt experience them myself, slightly longer runtime than the original"
76561198282943236,Recommended,403640,26685641,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,MrSteele,"After 32 hours I think I feel confident enough to give my mini review.I am absolutely loving this game. It is extremely fun, but also a tad short. Ive gone through 2 playthroughs, 1 kill everything with no powers and another with no kills and alerts. Overall the levels are well designed and gives you alot to explore. The AI is a bit stupid, but most AI in games are. The new powers for Emily are a bit underwelming, and they dont feel that useful to invest into. You can honeslty invest all the way into far reach and domino and you can beat the game easily. Now onto the performance... YES the fps is an issue, but it is not game breaking for me atleast. I get pretty good frames in most areas (50-90). I turned off AA also on my game and to me it looks better but thats just my opinion. Anyways, if you follow what the community says you can get your game running fine. If you loved the first game, youll love this one.Another big complaint is I wish there was some type of permadeath option or something harder because both playthroughs I have done, Ive done them on very hard. The only time I ever died was from heights, or just got cornered.Hopefully in the future we have some good DLC that will fit into the story, because it is quite an appealing story. If you played Dishonered 1, youll feel some nostalga (probably butchered that).I would definitely recommend this to anyone."
76561198051243320,Recommended,403640,26992814,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Admeth,"Absolutely gorgeous game. Fantastic and well thought out story to follow up from the first masterpiece. Couldn't recommend this game enough.I recognise that it's a visually demanding game, but I'm getting very playable framerates on an Nvidia GTX 960M and settings cranked up to Ultra on an HP Omen. I can see a world in which it might not be as smooth as people who are used to 100+ fps on some other titles, but this is by no means an 'unplayable' game"
76561198056248515,Recommended,403640,27043850,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Legato,gotta say i love this game so far only 3 hours in but it runs smooth. was afraid after i read all the reviews saying it runs like trash but it runs fine on my rig no crashes yet eitherEdit:8 hours in and still running fine! go ahead and spam the unhelpful button on all positive reviews like youve been doing :) to the group thats been doing it
76561198066883299,Recommended,403640,26514408,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,walter blacho,"I want to love the game, but its not perfect to the standerds after the first dishonored. Then again the game is not totally released yet. But so far its good but not as good as i had hoped."
,Recommended,403640,26531584,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,blackphoenixrising,"Updated to contain a proper review. Overall, 8/10.Pros:- It's a beautiful game, especially on high graphics.- Soundtrack fits the game well, though it doesn't stand on its own as well as the first game's soundtrack.- A successful ghost run has never been more satisfying.- Playing high chaos as Emily is amazing. A voiced protagonist definitely has advantages.Cons:- I was spared, but many people have had framerate (and other) issues with the game despite their hardware being over minimum.- The writing isn't quite on par with the first game. Is it an enjoyable game? Yes. But it's not quite on the same level, and that's a little disappointing."
,Recommended,403640,26540251,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Audina Puzzle,"So this is an early review, but look I think the problem is that some might have too many programs open.  Also I am using a gtx 960m and it runs perfectly fine.  Overall the first level is good and I like the story so yeah I will get back with a full review later on.  Looking through these reviews the complaint is on performance.  Just try the things the most helpful review guy said, and they will get on it soon knowing bethesda."
76561198063036245,Recommended,403640,26540399,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,CuntStantinople,"+Great graphics+Lore+You can throw clorofrom bottles to knock out enemies+Nice stabby&slice animations+Parkour+Large maps with lots of hidden stuff-Some optimization needed, but still goes over 40fps for me-Emily's voice acting sounds pretty meh"
76561198069878369,Recommended,403640,26545642,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Lord Grog,One of the best games I've ever played
76561198052898079,Recommended,403640,26607957,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,RPM hellcase.com,"I loved the original Dishonored, and this game is a worthy successor. The levels are larger and more dense with great open expanses and lots of neutral areas with the city dwellers walking around. Much like the original Dishonored, the gameplay is great and now with all of the updated animations traversing the world and combat are a lot more immersive. I have experienced some issues with running it, but it seems to stay above 40 FPS at most points. Also, some of the movements feel a bit more clunky and less smooth, such as fast transitions between stealth and normal walking which used to be easy in the first game. Overall, however, loving it."
76561197977292606,Recommended,403640,26646694,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,MainDroite,This game is the epitome of awesomeness. 10/10.
,Recommended,403640,26730809,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Sapphire Ryder,"Pros:Excellent storyline""Choose your own story"" branching. Go stealth and merciful, or guns out. Up to you how you want to playExcellent graphicsLoading times are greatCons:Extremely demanding game. I blame most of this on the lack of proper optimization.Random drops in performance for no reason, even with recommended GPU and over recommended specsYour mouse sensitivity is linked to your FPS. Sudden drops will jerk you aroundFinal word:If you are a fan of the studio, and Dishonored in general, this is worth the buy. The story alone is compelling, while being able to play however you want as either main character gives greater freedom. I do highly recommend a very powerful computer to run this at it's best though."
,Recommended,403640,26733127,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Spoon,"A spectacular game! Creatively speaking, it is well above the quality of anything recent in this genre.Most negative reviews are performance issues. This is worth finding a way to play, even on Low settings, 720p. Just go in knowing you may have trouble. Arkane has shown they support their games, even if the Publisher rushed it out.Admittedly, it ran solid for me, so I didn't experiance the frustration others may have had. I'm playing after the first update, and a Nvidia update."
,Recommended,403640,26752091,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Jackfire,"Nvidia Driver updated -> optimized Dishonored 2 -> no Problems here!i7-4790. 8GB Ram, GTX780, harddrive"
,Recommended,403640,26755640,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,The Time of History,"Unlike the overzealous reviewers you see around here, I have not had the ""game breaking"" performance issues I've heard so much about but seen none of. Perhaps there are some issues with optimization, but I cannot speak on it as I've not experienced them. I can however speak about the game itself. The only word I can use to describe it is Beautiful. Everything about this game just shows that they put a lot of love into this world, the factions in it and the people of them. I've loved browsing through the notes and staring at the maps, immersing myself into the world of The Isles."
,Recommended,403640,26759176,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Mehman,"If you enjoyed Dishonored 1 you'll love Dishonored 2, with the option to either play as Corvo who plays in the exact same way as he did in the original game, or play as Emily who has access to a different roster of abilities, more suited, in my mind, to kills than stealth.The 1.2 patch roled out yesterday and fixed all the optimization problems I had. Before the patch I had to run it on medium settings and even then it would somtimes drop to <60 on my 980ti in 1440p, but after the patch I'm running on the Very High preset and maintaining a steady 60. I could probably set it to Ultra as well."
,Recommended,403640,26880432,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,VivaU,ANOTHER MASTERPIECE FROM ARKANE STUDIOS.Familiar faces with a different setup.The strongest aspect in first game was gameplay and Dishonored 2 takes this gameplay aspect to whole another level.Story is linear but in a very good order.Its like story wtihin a story and this is an awesome thing for fans of the game.As a diehard Dishonored fan this game is better than the first and Game Of The Year for me.  10/10
76561198009318985,Recommended,403640,27049173,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,xarugas,"Despite the performance issues that many (but not all) players are experiencing, this is an excellent follow-up to the original in terms of story, gameplay, and art direction.StoryThough overall it's a straightforward revenge story, the mini-stories found within each mission are very engaging and intriguing. It feels like the world has a sensible history, not simply a temporary setting for you to explore just for the heck of it. Great voice acting for the previously silent protagonist Corvo breathes some life into his emotions and interactions while you sneak or murder your way through the world.GameplayMost of the core mechanics have been improved, while some have been changed. It could get finicky for those used to the previous game, but it shouldn't be hard to get into. There's a huge improvement in non-lethal mechanics now, unlike the first game where you only had the option of sleep darts or choking from behind. Emily of course is a new playable character with both new and familiar (for those who had D1's DLC) abilities, adding immensely to the game's replayability.Art DirectionArkane wasn't kidding when they said they wanted the game to look like a painting. The aesthetic of the first game is back and more immersive than ever, with old locations given a stylish makeover and completely new locations fleshed out with the good ol' steampunk style.Replayability2 playable characters, low chaos and high chaos, powers or no powers. The devs announced they'll finally be adding New Game+ as well. Yep, hundreds of hours worth of playtime right there.All in all it's an excellent game, perhaps even better than the first. Anyone who enjoyed and loved the first game owe it to themselves and to the devs to stay patient as they fix up the performance issues in the coming weeks, especially since they're very open and vocal about doing so, unlike other companies that leave players in the dark when a game goes bad."
,Recommended,403640,26515557,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,^_ecnepS,its k
,Recommended,403640,26516298,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Mefistofele,"I'll keep it brief.  I really don't understand these negative reviews.  It's like people saw that you can damn a game into the ground with them when NMS rolled out, so now everyone wants to jump the gun on games.  Christ people, it's like you never played a PC game before.  It's playable for me, and I'm pretty sure most other people.  Don't let the naysayers put you off of the game by calling it a half baked port.  This isn't an indie dev, you can expect patches and bug fixes quickly.  I'm running a 4 generation old CPU, and 1070, and 16GB and it's running at 60+ all the time at 1440p with everything on Very High or Ultra.  If you meet the specs for the game, you will be fine.  If you don't meet the specs, don't complain that Bethesda released a bad port.Other than that, with my 5 hours in, I can say that this game is definitely a worthy successor to the first.  It's pretty damned amazing.  Go, enjoy it, don't let the sour grapes out there make you think this is a bad game."
76561197970393768,Recommended,403640,26547230,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,DragonRR,"More Dishonored! Loved the first game and the second seems to be at least as good. The game runs fine for me. I run with vsync off, everything maxed except no AA and at 3440x1400. No glitches are mouse problems. Graphics are an improvement over the first game and are as good as anything else out there (OK not quite BF1 but not miles off).Highly recommended"
,Recommended,403640,26552533,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Cynic Warfare,"Great game, I really loved everything from the story to the graphics.  I guess im lucky that I have no performance issues."
,Recommended,403640,26570258,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,AaronZaBaron,"Literally don't know what these bad reviews are for. I've had ZERO performance issues (even in intense combat) and i'm playing on Ultra settings with a GTX 1070 8GB FE with i5 4690 and 20GB RAM. It runs beautifully and the gameplay is so immersive. So if you're having performance issues, you need to check your specs and your setup, as you have something else going on.I'm playing as Emily, and so far, i'm remembering exactly why I love Dishonored gameplay. I can't explain it, but Arkane just does something special to make this game hard to put down. I can't wait to put more hours into it as the story progresses. Oh and if you're wondering about the story line, yeah it's good. It has some good twists and interesting details in it, so you don't really know what's going to occur.Thank you for another one of these games, Arkane and Bethesda."
,Recommended,403640,26575527,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,BananaJoe75,Lots of fun. Performance issues are distracting but I am confident they will be fixed soon.
76561198086496329,Recommended,403640,26577421,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,luigirocks10,"Game runs decent now, plays just like the first dishonored with more powers.thats not a bad thing, first game was great and this one is as well, graphics are pretty amazing,while still keeping the originals art style.9/10im hoping they release some extra content down the line? game is great, just wish there was a little more"
,Recommended,403640,26604289,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,SkullWalker,"An improvement over the original Dishonored.  Great story, and improved gameplay.  So far, I haven't run into any FPS drops.  The game is running 60+ fps for me (6600K, GTX1070, 16GB RAM - 1080 resolution on mostly high/ultra settings).  Hope the upcoming patch will help those that are having the performance problems -- as this is a great game -- hope more people get to enjoy it."
76561198091784913,Recommended,403640,26610126,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,M E R L i N,I love both of Dishonored games :).There are a lots of detail in every map you play.
76561198041401535,Recommended,403640,26634630,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Pathetic,"The game is really well done, despite not being fully optimized for PC. For the sake of this review, I'll be ignoring that and will mostly be focusing on what I noticed while playing through the game.Arkane did a really good job creating the world of Dishonored 2. The maps are huge, easily twice as large as the maps in the original game, including area and heighth wise. There is much more detail too, as they've stated in previous showings. For each mission, you'll go into a different district of Karnaca with its own mood, music, and npcs. However, I do have to point out that the ""random dust/sandstorm"" that can happen at any time is only during one mission. I myself was under the impression that it could have happened at any point in the game, and was slightly dissapointed when I realized this wasn't the case.Another complaint of mine is the smaller number of essential npcs. In the previous game, you had the whole Loyalist Conspiracy that had your back (then stabbed you in the back), the Whalers, and Slackjaw and Granny Rags (which was part of a subplot that was probably one of my favorite parts of the first game). In comparison, Dishonored 2 is much more shallow. The small amount of npcs left me less inclined to ask around and feel included in the world like i felt in Dishonored 1. In a way, it almost felt like the game was shorter because i wasn't spending half an hour running around the Dreadful Whale constantly spamming F before and after every mission. However, for some this may be seen as an approvement.Speaking of feeling shorter, Dishonored 2 definitley is shorter than the first game. Which in my opinion was a really short game as is, excluding the DLC. The story felt rushed, too quick and not very fleshed out. It felt like Arkane was hoping that the game would rather have great replay value, making the player look forward to their next playthought, than making the story and characters as intriguing as the first one. Despite this, I still can't wait to see what kind of DLC Arkane has in mind for this game.I feel like I've been pretty negative about this game, but there are definitely some great things happening. Emily's powers, while i was first hesitant when they started announcing them, are super fun to use. Honestly there's not one power i hadn't used, or just stopped using as i progressed through the game. Far Reach is a bit more sensitive than Blink, but it's still easy to use.  I've only played one run as Emily, but I am looking forward to doing another as her. Another thing i thoroughly enjoyed was the voice acting. While i loved silent Corvo, the addition of voiced playable characters improved the game in my opinion. Where the lack of npcs almost broke the world for me, hearing my character's opinion on their situation brought me back in.tl;dr  Great maps, less interactive npcs, shorter gameplay, Emily's powers are cool, and voiced player characters improved the story. 8/10, would be 9/10 if not for buggy launch."
76561198119193290,Recommended,403640,26702390,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,xXMuppetslayer68 1/2hotpocket,Wow. This game was awesome the outsider abilites were really cool. (first time playing either dishonored games) i think shadow walk and dark vision were really fun to use.
,Recommended,403640,26550666,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,BadGizmo(Roger),played through 2 times so far once as corvo and once as emily and loved both characters while it is a somewhat short game it is very nice looking ad is a true sequel to the first one (which i still love) and worth more than a few play throughs especially since there are more endings and story each time you play. i noticed how things change in just the environment as u play as a killer or ghost. first play through high chaos i came across a card game with murederd civilians and item strewn about and on the second playthrough of low chaos i came across the same area and it was clean not damage no blood and alot more money still on the table and not dead civilions around the table. if little things like that vary from one playthrough i cant wait to see the other hidden things this game has to offer.
76561198007295974,Recommended,403640,26570594,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Smudge,"Well then.I have an okish rigi7gtx 7606gb of ramyet i run this game fine on high settings.The game itself it so fun and ill update my review once i finish the game but as there are people giving negative reviews because they ""only"" get 40 fps im leaving it as positive."
,Recommended,403640,26574528,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Zenegan,"I just have to throw my two cents in here since there are so many negative reviews about performance.  I'm playing at 1080p.  i5-3570k @ 4.4ghz, gtx 970, 16gb DDR3-1666.  I left the settings at auto and it hasnt dipped below 45fps."
76561198082377347,Recommended,403640,26578061,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Dylinger,"If you enjoyed the first game, this is what you'd expect from the a sequel. With new and upgraded abilities to a new intersting story that ties in well with the first game"
76561198000184890,Recommended,403640,26598633,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,GhyllSide7,"I know I seem to be in the minority but other than some very minor performance issues Dishonored 2 is running great, 980ti i7 on ultra in 4k...Like i say the vast majority of people seem to be having a bad time with it thus I would  recommend waiting until it's patched. But purley from a gameplay stand point it's great....."
76561197968491713,Recommended,403640,26600476,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,j.r.richardson,"-- Updated with system specs and a bit more detail on settings/resultsFirst gameplay, then technical issues-- with solution that worked for me)About 2/3 of the way in.  I'm really enjoying this game so far.Game play is a lot like the first Dishonored, with multiple pathways to traverse a level.  The game really rewards 3d thinking as the AI does not really look up very much.  The mechanics are familiar and work well.  I think where this game really stands out is the level design.One disappointment is probably pretty much endemic to the gaming industry- the trailer they released for the game features things that don't appear in the release version.  The game is not nearly as pretty as the trailer and I wish the developers (all of them- this isn't limited to Beth/Arkane) would stop setting unrealistic expectations.Technically the game is good after some tweaking.  The optimization issues definitely do exist -- I dropped from 40+ FPS to less than 15 when I first played the game and moved from hallways into the throne room during the first level.  Mouse lag is present and unfortunately I could not find a 100% effective solution for that.I was getting ready to reluctantly refund the game and I decided to do some looking for a solution.  What I found was that there are two things that were mentioned to mitigate the FPS drop--1. Set Pre-Rendered Frames(Nvidia)/Flip Queue Size(AMD) to the minimum value.  This requires downloading software and a willingness to carefully follow directions, but it significantly improved my stability and FPS.  I went from 10-40 pretty randomly to a steady 50+ from this one tweak alone2.  Set shadow detail to medium/low.  I noticed empirically that shadows are one of the things the game tends to stutter over.  Setting the detail low does not (YMMV) degrade the visuals to any great degree and it seems to help the rendering quite a bit.Here is a link to get you started:http://www.gamepur.com/guide/24937-dishonored-2-pc-error-fix-low-fps-nvidia-and-amd-cards-disable-mouse.htmlI am playing this game with great enjoyment two days after I thought I was going to refund it.  The problem was never with the design but with the execution and with a small bit of conviction you can get good results in bringing it to playable.System:I-7 Ivy Bridge (3770 @2.5)Radeon 390 slighty o/c'd32GB DDR3Game lives on 2TB 7200rpm physical diskGame:Accepted auto values except shadow detail=mediumFlip-Queue-Size=0 via RadeonProResults:steady around 50-55 FPS with occasional dips into the 40s.  No artifacting or 'pop' noted."
76561197972252579,Recommended,403640,26607926,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Elpeevee,"No more tears, Only dreams nowThere is not much change to the first game, but they have made few tweaks to it. But the feeling and the atmosphere are still thrilling when you are trying to accomplish everything while being stealthy. I can also say I've been waiting this game for while.The story seemed quite same that the first game as far as I have played. Nice new feature is that you can play it without any supernatural powers  because you can refuse the mark of the outsider. Also I like the minor tweaks they made for AI. Like if an guard is missing from its post the other guards will become suspect. I also like that the ""side quests"" in this sequel are more interesting than in the previous.I have been noticing that this game does still have few glitches and bugs now and then, but for my playing style they are quite rare. I still don't like the money collecting for the map because they are scattered all around the place. The game has also little compatibility problems that makes the game quite heavy even for GTX 1080. But I manage to play with solid 50- 60 fps with 2560 x 1440 resolution and when new driver are published I think there will be some improvements. I have also little mixed feeling with the voice acting and the sound effects of this game. The voice acting is sometime little weird and the sound fadeout in a weird mannerThus far this game has been just a positive experience that I recommended to everyone. I choosed ghost + non leathal + no supernatural powers for my first gameplay throughSummaryPros+Change to play without powers+Nice graphics/artwork+Get to continue the adventure+Sneaking and being ghost+ExploringCons-Little too heavy game-Controllability-Money collecting thoughout the mapI would give this game 8 ½ out of a 10"
76561198075887498,Recommended,403640,26665673,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Shane,"After finishing Dishonored 2, having played through the first Dishonored and Knife of Dunwall and Birgimore Witches I can say that I'm very happy with Dishonored 2. Dishonored is my favorite game even the playthrough as Daud was fantastic and I have an embarassing 100 hours in the first game. Dishonored 2 has the same old feel of Dishonored with the buttery combat of the first game turned up to 11. The amount of effort in the story is just as amazing as the first game too although at the end I wasn't left with the same feel as I was with Dishonored 1, the Knife of Dunwall or Brigimore Witches. I did pre order this game and I was worried when I heard about the performance issues and bugginess but throughout the playthrough my framerate stayed very high and only noticed one bug which was a gaurd running in place. Over all not too bad but I do run a higher end desktop.Positives- Amazing Combat- Deep and engadging story and characters- Amazing follow up to the first game- Mind bending plot twists- Deailed GraphicsNegatives- Performance issues I was fine- Felt a bit more emotionally connected in the first game I still don't know why might just be me- The first game is necessary, Knife of Dunwall and Brigimore Witches are also very necessaryI Really Recommend it this game is a masterpiece like the first one! I also have a large amount of faith in the developers that they'll fix any performance problems very soon so far so good for me!"
76561198040378952,Recommended,403640,26705263,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Upravda,Amazing game! Builds on the strengths of the original Dishonored and offers more variety. Had no problems with performance. Looking forward to taking a different approach in the second playthrough.
76561198188668746,Recommended,403640,26761902,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,freezinggrey,its snazzy10/10 would play a fourth time
76561198000062853,Recommended,403640,26531357,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,badgamer54,"Only played for for 20 min but so far my fraps are 60 and game looks good.  Running on i7-3770k oc to 4.2mz, 32gb of ram at 24mz, 1070 nivida.  I will maybe give another review after I played more."
,Recommended,403640,26547716,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,MyNameIsDavey,"I teleport around and strangle dudes, it's cool 8/8Seriously though, I'm not getting any of these issues that people are complaining about, I'm loving it.SpecsIntel i5 3470 @ 3.28gb ddr3 1033mhz ram1x gtx 970.I'm playing smooth 60fps on ultra.."
,Recommended,403640,26606750,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,xSatvrn,"I put on countless hours on Dishonored 1 on the Xbox, have merch, done many school projects around Dishonored, basically studied the way StealthGamerBr plays, and many other fanboy things to do.My hype for Dishonored 2 was real, and It lived up to it.So far, the story is great, and the levels aren't as linear as the first. The levels are acutally very open and give more options. I'm on my first playthrough right now, High Chaos with Corvo. The options seem endless.I, like many others, can't run this game on Ultra at the moment. I have a GTX 970 and struggle with it.I switched to medium and see no difference, running the game at 60-50 FPS now.Honestly, put the optimization aside and buy the game.EDIT*Optimization is better, still buy."
,Recommended,403640,26698364,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,d0t,"I'm going to recommend this game though, with some caveats.1. The optimization is not all that great and the controls are a bit rough. I have a GTX 770, 16GB of RAM and a i7 4770. On medium, I was barely scraping 25 frames in some parts of the game. In others, I may have upwards of 50-60 frames.2. The game is interesting, but it gets a bit repetitive towards the end, maybe thats just me.I'd say get it when a patch comes out and play it.. if the patch comes out. If you liked the first game, you'll like this one, but don't expect it to blow you away like the first one."
76561198097584957,Recommended,403640,26760684,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Chingchangchong,"I LOVED DISHONORED ONE SOO MUCHHH!!! Which makes this even more heartbreaking and demotavating.Unfortunatly I was not able to even play dishonored 2, I had assumed due to the smooth play of the first game number two would have similar adjustments to help people who cannot aford more expsensive computers to be able to play. I was wrong, and I am not even able to get to the main menu of the game. I am not rich and saved up a while to buy this game. I cannot convey how sad and dissapointed I am. However I wish to surport this franchise and I do believe that this game make thousands of people happy. I simply will not be one of them. For this reason I will reccomend this game, hope you guys manage to play this and have as much fun as I did with the first one."
,Recommended,403640,26974722,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Frumpe,"It's a fun game, don't let your poor performance stop you. It's deep and immersive"
76561197973395167,Recommended,403640,28236758,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Exodeath,"After waiting for a number of weeks for patches I installed it last night and am presently surprised by how well it runs on my system. I'm getting solid 60hz on my Acer Predator 4k g sync monitor, dropping to low 50 at times, but smooth as silk overall.  Want sure this would run at 4k but so far so good 👍Running at 4k on very high setting.My system 3570k @ 4.2ghzMSI Gtx 108016mb ramWindows 10I know I haven't played much,  but so far looks amazing and runs well. I'll update as I get more into the game."
,Not Recommended,403640,28145987,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,InsaneFrenzy,"Tested update 1.3 beta and performance is still horrible. My desktop cant keep steady 60 fps or even 30 fps and my laptop can just manage 45fps most of the time still better than my desktop thanks to intel CPU and 3Gb of video ram in GTX 870M... But still cant get the game look nearly as good as the first one and not getting no where near as good fps as the first dishonored was able to get, and i tried to set everything low/ultra low but still i get low fps also.Laptop Asus G750JSIntel I7 4710HQ 2.5GhZ Turbo 3.something Ghz?GTX 870M 3Gb8Gb Ramgame is installed on ssdDesktopAMD FX 6300 OC @ 4.0GhZ turbo 4.2GHzNvidia GTX 670 2Gb Stock8Gb 1600Mhz DDR3game was installed also on ssdVoid Engine indeed all my fps is lost in it"
,Recommended,403640,26692310,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Simbiat,"I have not experienced any performance issues, and even if I had, I'd probably just lower the details and that's it. I like the atmoshpere, the minor details here and there, stuff that you can miss, but that can slightly change the world around you (or at least your perception of it). Nice stealth and good combat system. Can't say it's that much different from original game in that regard, but I did enjoy it."
76561198066669307,Recommended,403640,28239549,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Cancer Man 558,"By far one of my favourite games! The gameplay and combat is well designed and also challenging! The story is well planned for both Corvo and Emily. Thankfully, I experienced very little problems with FPS however, on a couple levels at random points the game would crash...There are very few things that I dislike, one being that the stealth (go undetected in missions) is very challenging and some of the skils hardly help with that until in the late game."
76561197970648243,Recommended,403640,28520633,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,ChelseaBlues90,"If you liked the first one, you'll love this one. I never had any of the technical issues others experienced but from what I understand patches have made a big difference. Must have!"
76561197990682936,Recommended,403640,28520888,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,jefftoaster,"This game finally gave me an excuse to upgrade my old video card to a GTX 1060 (not the latest and greatest, but I got it for a decent price).  While I was at it I upgraded RAM to 16GB.  After those 2 upgrades, the experience went from ""meh"" to amazing!  The graphics are fantastic, and the gameplay is as good as or better than the original.  I waited a good long time, despairing that there would never be a successor to Dishonored, one of the best games ever.  Dishonored 2 definitely lives up to my expectations every time I play!  And, if they release some DLCs - icing on the cake!"
76561198043674400,Recommended,403640,26583986,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Corvo The Assassin,Are you talking to me? Buddie if your asking me how good this game is well... all I have to say is that THIS GAME IS ♥♥♥♥ING AMAZING!! I mean if u played dishonored 1 then u should just know this game is going to be good... Only probblem about this game is that if your pc is not decent u will not run this game at 60 fps or higher.
,Recommended,403640,26515630,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,rai_hikari,"Holding steady 60 FPS at gorgeous ultra, 1440p with i5 4690k overclocked to 4.3 gHz, and gtx 1070. When I have frames unlocked it moves between 70 and 90. Game runs fine."
76561198210349525,Recommended,403640,28598433,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Bulletman,So fun and the ability to combine both powers creates so much chaos. A real improvement from the first one.
76561198054956778,Not Recommended,403640,28989681,Posted: 3 January,all,Incredulous,"It pains me to write a negative review as I LOVED D1, but even after waiting 6-ish weeks after the bad launch it still won't run for me regardless of settings changes or anything else I try.  Game crashes either during the opening cut scene or in the first room. At current patch as of Jan 3 it won't run for me without crashing. I read another poster who indicated issues with the AMD R9 3xx, and I can confirm the issue is not yet fixed. No other game I have has any issues, just this one. Very disappointing. Considering a refund rather than waiting for a fix."
,Recommended,403640,30988491,Posted: 6 April,all,hexgaming141,"(WARNING I HAVE NOT FINISHED THE GAME, IF SOMETHING MAGOR HAPPENS THAT CHANGES MY OPINION I WILL CHANGE THE REVIEW! Also im right now for my first playthrough playing as Emily, doing high chaos, then ill do Corvo on low chaos.)I would rate it 8.5/10 for being an amazing game, but being poorly potimized. I have a GTX 860M, and an i5 processor, and I can play the game on high indoors with 20-30 fps, but out doors is where it gets bad, and I mean real bad.Also the combat and stealth I think is way more enjoyable than the original dishonored (and that game had some good combat and stealth) its also more satisfying. Did I mention you can play a Corvo (protagonist from the first game) or Emily, your daughter. And Corvo has the same powers (though they have evolved a bit)  the first game, but Emily, she has some real cool new powers, among others I think the coolest one is called shadow walk, where she turns into a shadowy being wich is stealthier than regular emily, and the shadow being has some pretty cool leathal and nonlethal finishers.The story, taking place 20 years after the original, whales are getting rare from every one hunting them for whale oil, and whale oil for running the city is also quickly going away. Some people though are finding it easy to use wind to power some things. The rat plague is pretty much gone, but with that leaving now this new species of flies have come in their place, called blood flies, who make nests in freshly dead corpses, among other things. Also there are more decisions that effect the story than in the first game.So again I say the game diserves an 8.5/10 (it would be 10/10 if it were not for the poor optimization)."
,Recommended,403640,30989599,Posted: 6 April,all,Bluesnarf,"Still some minor performance issues, but those can be solved through manually tweaking. Some of the heavy hitters being hbao+, environmental detail, and shadows (tweak to your liking). Outside of that, gameplay is great. It feels like there are more routes you can take to manuver around, you don't feel limited to 2-3 paths. Being able to choose between two different characters, power sets/play styles, and wether or not you even want powers are all very nice touches. I'm only 9 hours in and taking my time at the point of this review, but I do see Dishonored 2 as a worthy sequel and look forward to the rest of the game!"
76561198130593784,Recommended,403640,26565787,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,jackmobob,Im running it with a 960 on medium and its doing a pretty constant 60. but if you go higher than that then prepare for 15fps. Pretty bad pc port but overall the games pretty good. Harder stealth and new abilities.
76561198087196734,Recommended,403640,26594908,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,EmeraldCandy,"Personally, I have not seen any of the issues that others have apparently been seeing. I have been playing since the first in the franchise and have been yet again impressed by the amount of work that is put into these games. it quite definitely feels like it belongs in the dishonored franchise. However, despite this I must agree that the game is a bit unoptimised for PC, and even though I own a mid-high end PC, I cannot run at full graphics. /Do not let this dissuade you!/ Even though the graphics were turned down simply from Ultra to High, I barely noticed a difference and gave my frames an amazing boost and had no other problems throughout my experiencePros---------------------------+ amazing graphics+ Impressive art direction+ In world lore and exploration+ Fluid gameplay mechanics+ Immersive+ Maps feel open and give many options to your destination~ Both characters have different powers (I personally wished i had corvo with Emily's powers)Cons---------------------------- Unoptimised- Some items do not block enemy vision, despite blocking yous~ After a short while, its apparent that dialogue cycles with the guards~ Still cant explode people with superpowers (just kidding)So all in all, its not perfect but its still a great game. Not quite eight. Not quite 9... I give it a:8.5/10"
,Recommended,403640,26564716,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,bearsdenred,Plays perfectly on my AMD 8350.
76561198035986397,Recommended,403640,26528093,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,psycroptic30,"Dishonored 2 has been pretty good so far. I love first person destruction, but I was hesitant to purchase because of all the bad fps reviews. I gave it a shot cause I wanted to see how my pc handled. The only bad reviews i've seen so far are ""My pc sucks, it can't handle this game!"" This is 2016, if your not using at least a gtx 970, don't expect much from many games moving forward. We chose to be pc gamers and pc gaming is expensive. I'm using a gtx 1080 and it runs flawless maxed out. I love pc gaming as opposed to console so its goes with the territory. It has a great story, and gameplay is definitely replayable due to the different modes you can go with to take enemies out. You can stealth through or take everyone out. It doesnt really matter cause there is no real bonus for clearing every enemy. You can render people unconcious or brutally murder them; it's all choice. I pick and choose based on who contains loot. No problems so far and i'm enjoying myself. With all the work that goes into creating these types of games, it was definitely worth my 60 bucks. I choose to support good developers because my life would be dull without. Don't purchase yet if you have a sub-par machine - end of story. Everyone dreams of running every game at max, so baby your machine and beef it up!"
,Not Recommended,403640,26527796,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,hard,stop it
,Recommended,403640,26528630,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Addy,bad fpswould only recommend if you have 4 gtx 1080's as well as 9 monitors you can set up in a 3x3 square so you can still only get 30 fps on low settingsprobably has a good story too bad i cant make it out of the tutorial
,Recommended,403640,26594940,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,---------,"I had to do some system updates in order to be able to play but otherwise the game takes a lot from Dishonored 1 and then runs with it. Solid sequel and worth a purchase, but make sure that you will be able to run it when doing so."
76561197997671579,Not Recommended,403640,34796557,Posted: 7 September,all,Clegg,"The game was great until a crash corrupted game files.  Can't recommend it in this state, even on sale.  Too bad they don't seem interested in fixing it, and are now pushing out a DLC."
76561198099498538,Recommended,403640,26530347,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,TheAngryWalrus15,"This game is a masterpiece and a great game overall, a lot more freedom with how you play and a great story."
,Recommended,403640,26545358,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Deschain,If you dont play on wooden pc game runs great and its amazing
76561198091854581,Recommended,403640,26545420,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,F4TASS,"the game itself is great, the optimisation right now is dog♥♥♥♥♥♥but there will be a patch to (hopefully) fix the issues."
,Recommended,403640,35016494,Posted: 17 September,all,Zaney,gameplay 9/10optimization 10/10:D
76561198096096048,Recommended,403640,28715777,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,my name chef,<3
,Recommended,403640,29211273,Posted: 12 January,all,Spartan,Kicking people off ledges is fun.
76561198201944043,Not Recommended,403640,28818663,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,twitch.tv/ButtcheeksGaming,this game is amazing one of the cool games bethesda has made i luv  alot of their games especially skyrim but when i play dishonored 2 i get little freezes and games audio cuts out the game. whether this is a bug or not i have the requirments to play this game no problem. i hope bethesda wont be lazy and fixes this if this is gone than i will LUV THIS GAME. but right now i cant play this game with all these freezes especially in combat or i might have to refund this game no offense bethesda i luv this game and i luv ur other games as well but pls fix this pls this game as potential and i love sneak games.this is the only problem im having with this game so pls fix the preformance spikes becuase everything is already at low quality. so pls fix the issue and make a patch!THANK YOU BETHESDA
76561198011402245,Recommended,403640,29630028,Posted: 1 February,all,▓♠♣Hisoka♦♥▓,très bien
76561197998712242,Recommended,403640,28763261,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Ne0ne,GG
,Recommended,403640,28683789,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Rudshaug,Love it! The people complaining might just have bad PCs because I have no problem at all
76561198119576247,Not Recommended,403640,29024667,Posted: 4 January,all,RymRyu,a gtx 1080 gets about 30 fps. NOT WORTH IT RIGHT NOW
76561198079066578,Recommended,403640,26911562,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,EpicHusky,"They changed the outsiders voice/personality, he used to be way cooler. ♥♥♥♥ that. Also ♥♥♥♥ the new store system, Now to buy or make things you have to go out of your way to find a shop. The old system where you just had 1 person(Peiro) sell you♥♥♥♥♥♥was much better and I think what they did was a comletely unessecary. Other than that, the game is great. Oh and play as Corvo, Emily's powers suck imo."
76561198350702602,Recommended,403640,30578576,Posted: 17 March,all,Animemorelikeanigay,"To put it bluntly, Dishonoured 2 is a more than worthy successor to one of best stealth games of all time. Taking place 15 years after the original, the empress of the isles, Emliy Kaldwin is overthrown by none other than Delilah Copperspoon, the main villian of dishonoureds two fantastic DLC's. Thus it is up to Emily or her father Corvo to take back the throne by going to karnaca, where Delilahs insidous allies lurk and taking them out, how you see fit. First off, the gameplay has been shined to a mirror sheen, combat is fast-paced and suprisingly difficult, seriously, a new player taking on a small group of enemies is basically suicide without a proper plan of action. The combat is shown of the best any time you fight one of the clockwork soldiers, which is one of the best enemy types i've had the joy of fighting in any game ever.Movement is also overall a lot smoother and many peoples biggest complaint has been fixed: there is now non leathal combat, with almost every attack, from counter attacks to drop assassinatons getting a non-leathal version. Level design is also the same high standard as the original with many paths open for reaching your goal, with the trio of levels ""Edge of the world"", ""The good doctor"" and ""The clockwork mansion"" being the highlights for me. Even the powers and bonecharm systems got updated, with each power having it's own mini upgrade tree instead of just a level 1 and a level 2 and being able to craft your own bonecharms and the introduction of black bonecharms.The replay value is high on this one aswell, with the two different characters getting completely different powers and even their gun and crossbow being different. There is also choosing low and high chaos playthroughs that effects someparts of the levels as well as the overall ending and choosing if you want the outsiders mark or not, meaning that you would have to play the game 8 different times to see everything it has to offer."
76561198071932294,Recommended,403640,26681338,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Zeewolf,"9/10 after last update.I'm playing on my third storyline because I go for powered version of both Corso and Emily then decide to start over to try no powered version of Emily. Story, gameplay, music everything is perfect. I wish they f* delay two weeks and give us a patched version. What are they thinking? This is a solid game and they ruin it's reviews by pushing early version. I don't understand Bethesda.."
76561198045453813,Recommended,403640,30010176,Posted: 18 February,all,Tazio,Its good almost in all aspects.
76561198039250275,Recommended,403640,31618927,Posted: 7 May,all,ajmoore0351,"Such fun, much replay."
,Recommended,403640,31605369,Posted: 7 May,all,"\(""O口O)/",nice game
,Recommended,403640,29130753,Posted: 8 January,all,Lucky | SuperiorServers.co,"Next to Sleeping Dogs, this is the best game I've ever played. The story is rich, the combat and stealth are both extremely well-made, and it has immense re-playability. People keep crying about frames but I have a 970m and it runs perfectly on mine, plus I use the highest settings. This is a great game and I recommend it to anyone."
76561198135261807,Recommended,403640,28835606,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,N7 Fury Operative,"Good game overall, loved the new powers and level design but the story felt short and lacked any real depth. The ending was also very weak with no real emotional impact like the first game. I was expecting more from the story, just felt over so quickly compaired to the first game. The twist was alright but I honestly thought there would be more, maybe they focused too much on the graphics and abilities than any plot twists or story elements? Still best game this year."
,Recommended,403640,31058181,Posted: 10 April,all,CasualGuster,"First of all: !#¤% YOU  BETHESDA.The game is pretty much fixed, the launch should've been sometime in march instead of in november last year.In terms of gameplay its basically Dishonored 1 but with better graphics.YES it is playable with 8gb of RAM as long as you play in 1080p.9/10"
76561198046086036,Recommended,403640,28724416,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Kian | Aeyxa,"I beat the game twice, one with powers and one without powers both with Emily so far, I had no issues with lag or game freezing, I definitely recommend it. I recommend playing through the game without powers first as it makes your second play through with powers way more fun. Knowing where to go and just flying around the map with Emily's far reach and Corvo's bend time abilities was a lot of fun.i5 6600k gtx 1070 and 32GB of DDR4 - played on max settings no lagThere is one major issue, I recommend doing a manual save before each mission. You cannot restart missions and if you are using quicksaves, it overwrites your previous save. This means if you do something you didn't want to do, but didn't know or realize, and then quicksave, you're now stuck with that decision. Your only option is to restart from your last manual save which may be a long way back if you were mainly using quicksaves."
76561198010392762,Not Recommended,403640,32378784,Posted: 12 June,all,Triage,"This game doesn't work. The sound cutting out every few minutes breaks the immersion of the universe. It makes the game unplayable. Even if the game just stuttered visually i'd be ok with that. I need to hear things to be a stealthy badass assasin. This game is incapable of delivering that experience. Please patch this nonsense, so I can play the sequel to one of my favorite games. Thank you!"
76561198058800006,Recommended,403640,28796827,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Ace Skym,By far an amazing tale with amazing details and secrets hidden around every corner. This has quickly (and easily) become one of my favorite games.
,Not Recommended,403640,33298759,Posted: 5 July,all,40s & Blunts,It's true: crappy framerate.
,Recommended,403640,29277661,Posted: 15 January,all,TrollAndAHalf,UPDATE STEAM REVIEWS PLEASE!
,Recommended,403640,28874543,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,froppy,"Better story than D1, 2 great protagonists, better action, and more open levels, love it.9.5/10"
,Recommended,403640,29262502,Posted: 14 January,all,Spookyhort,"I know a lot of people have had issues running this game, but I never experienced any issues at all. It's a great Dishonored game and really expands on the first one including the DLC's and seems much more polished with new abilities and a new story. Easily one of my favorite games from this year. If you are worried about performance and you want this game, try it out and if you have issues then return it. If it works for you you wont be disappointed."
,Recommended,403640,29264917,Posted: 14 January,all,Papey Jon,good♥♥♥♥♥♥bro
76561198034572564,Recommended,403640,28869547,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Spriggantom,A worthy successor.The music is quite catchy.
,Recommended,403640,30645887,Posted: 20 March,all,Yip1991,sdsds
,Recommended,403640,29138972,Posted: 9 January,all,No. 39,"Was a little hesitant with all the PC issues reported, but I didn't experience any major issues with this! This is another great stealth based game! Started off with Corvo and it felt like the original Dishonored. Played the game with no kills and no detection; felt ever satisfying as ever. For anybody who've played the original Dishonored game and just want more... I have no hesitation on recommending this to you."
,Recommended,403640,29814221,Posted: 9 February,all,MissGeekalicious,"The game is great, but its very buggy. No matter what settings you have it on. Every so often during certain actions being made, there would be a great fps drop. I have to admit, some of the bugs I've come across have had me in tears with laughter, but it can still be very frustrating, especially when you're trying to do full stealth mode. I like the fact that there is now two playable characters, I love Emily's shadow power. Honestly my favorite power in the game. I do wish the beginning sequence when choosing your character had different cut seens instead of the same ones. I was honestly disappointed to see both of them have the same cut sceen, I thought they would at least change it. The Game is indeed a recommended, but you will need patience, because it is a somewhat buggy game."
76561198023994859,Recommended,403640,32731305,Posted: 24 June,all,Yohako,Every Dishonored is worth the money!
76561197970515822,Recommended,403640,33969414,Posted: 2 August,all,MADdog,I love the first one this one is STUPID NO Clues on what the HECK to do. The Mansion and ALL the trap doors Where do i go. The Mecanical soldiers take ALL your Weapon supplies to kill. So glad i got this for 20$ it not even worth that. Have played the 1st one 10 times the second one MAYBE 2 times in a year when i have forgotten on how bad this game is. Nice in 4K and for 20$.
,Recommended,403640,29142629,Posted: 9 January,all,zinthesis,"apart from level design, this game improves on the original in every way."
76561198137314256,Recommended,403640,29126360,Posted: 8 January,all,BonelessSushi,"Let's be honest, dishonored 2 was probably one of the worst launches of the year.It was riddled with massive frame rate drops, faulty AI, crashes and textures that ended up looking like a static TV. However,since the fix everything has changed. The city of Karnaca feels extremely rich and alive with its unique oil painting style and use of diverse AI (enemies or friendlies)The game still carries it's classic use of its supernatural steampunk universe. The gameplay is all in the hands of the player, whether you want to kill everyone in your path in combat, or stealthily slip by and neutralize enemies as if you weren't there at all.Your powers can achieve different ways of completing small to large tasks.Every small victory will define the outcome of the game.This is a must pick if you are interested in great games,great stories and great gameplay.It's impossible to not fall in love with such a game."
76561198030090690,Recommended,403640,29511464,Posted: 26 January,all,<3,Loved the first game and this gave me the same joy!
76561198127506000,Not Recommended,403640,31582629,Posted: 6 May,all,YEESHI,"I played the ♥♥♥♥ out of the first one trying to get as many achievments as possible doing it without any powers (except blink of course) and I just had a really good involvement with that game. When this one was announced I bought it immedietly. I had been waiting literally years for a second one. When it finally came out I was instantly dissapointed in the way the void engine run. I have a very compatible computer for a game like this and barely being able to run it at low pisses me off. They patched it a little bit to the point I could run it without any lag and I really didn't like the way the story was built. First of all I think the whole two characters to play was kind of stupid casue corvo was literally the same as the last game but had the most annoying dialogue ever. second of all if you are going to have two characters make the stories just a little bit different and make the endings actually bareable. I tried playing it again recently and whenever I load in I lag, when I try to change some of the settings it kicks me out of the menu and when I try to load another save It sends me back to the begining. This game had a lot of promis but unfortunatly It never delivered. BE CAREFUL ABOUT PRE-ORDERNG GAMES!!!!!!!!!!"
,Recommended,403640,29127323,Posted: 8 January,all,chrisfilo,The story and game mechanics are a repetition of what was introduced in Bridgemore Witches DLC for Dishonored 1. The final mission is almost exactly the same! If you played the DLC you might not have that much fun. Otherwise it's a great game (just not very original). Kind of like Star Wars Episode VII.
76561198066069976,Recommended,403640,29177127,Posted: 10 January,all,Evolution gone right,"Very good game, still seeing people ♥♥♥♥♥ about the settings, i question if they just using poor♥♥♥♥♥♥pcs.im running everything on ultra 4K settings, runs perfect, only problem is games quite short like the firstone, but very enjoyable!"
76561198126748222,Recommended,403640,28755296,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,f Normies WEEEEEEEEEEEEEE,The best game I have ever playd and I did not se a single frame drop or gich. The stoey was good and they got evry thing rigt I have. The game has alot of replay abilyti I have playd the camain twise and it still was fun. If you get the game i rekomend carvo atano to play as if you play it stelth.
,Recommended,403640,33264514,Posted: 5 July,all,𝖀𝖇𝖊𝖗~𝕺𝖓𝖞𝖝,"Such a good game but sadly I could not funish it due to the poor optimization and framerate I was getting. If you have newer hardware go for this game, it will be a blast. If you have anything older than a pascal architecture grade card then you must steer away unless you can handle low framerates at 1080p or lower resolution."
76561198203194192,Recommended,403640,28831826,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Eimiaj,Dishonored 2 has the same charm and inticacy of the first game. I had just as much in Dishonored 2 as i did in Dishonored.
,Recommended,403640,32786098,Posted: 25 June,all,renod,"Wow, very good!"
76561198052095477,Recommended,403640,29313272,Posted: 17 January,all,raserdude,Not As Good As 1st Game But Main Quest Story is Too Short but Really Good Game.
76561197979928405,Recommended,403640,31070934,Posted: 10 April,all,JINAK,"First, this actually feels like it should have been DLC (which i have to say i really hate and think is the most incredibly stupidist idea anyone has ever had in the history of stupid ideas) and it plays like it too.  While the powers got an upgrade, somewhat, in a few area's and there were improvements to play in the game as well as the interface it really didn't feel like a part 2.  Far far to short and really the story just seemed like a jumbled mess. The main villian really wasn't all that tough in my first go through. Also the story for each is basically the same. The idea of playing as either one or the other is really a good idea but you could have at least provided different tasks for each!  Instead we are left with just swapping out the character name and voice-over lines.There were plusses in the game but sadly the con's took more away.  A couple of the levels were really well done but when you only have a few it really doesn't help.If you plan on purchasing the game I wouldn't spend more than $20-$30 max.  Frankly it's barely worth $30.  Hopefully the next one, if they decide to do one, will actually be a full game."
,Recommended,403640,28241705,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Beholster,"This game is ♥♥♥♥ing amazingAs someone who has played 70+ hours of Dishonored 1, this is a fitting addition to the series, most llikely the last."
,Not Recommended,403640,29286362,Posted: 15 January,all,Wo'ulf,"Great game, sadly as of writing this about 2+ months after release perfomance isn't well."
76561197995902388,Not Recommended,403640,34221891,Posted: 13 August,all,kronesr,"Did not find the story entertaining, which ruined the game for me. The whole choice/consequence element of the game is weak. You can go route A, or you can take route B which is slightly longer and more difficult but gives you a better ending (?). Nothing really beyond that - no thinking is required. Just follow the navpoints, don't get spotted (or do) and that's pretty much it.The gameplay itself is okay and I didn't stumble on any bugs, which is nice."
,Recommended,403640,28663810,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,CarltonD,"System Specs:GTX 9708GB RamAMD FX-3600Consistently running above 50fps at 1920x1080 with no crashes as of yetDishonored 2 is a worthy successor to the original and seems to be objectively improved mechanically, with as compelling a story as the first entry. 8/10"
76561198362983103,Recommended,403640,29974679,Posted: 16 February,all,LZJ_19,为什么 我刚开游戏不久后就崩了  再进游戏就显示缺失可执行文件   有哪位大神 帮帮我
76561198000344010,Recommended,403640,33347983,Posted: 7 July,all,nessie.dan,"Good game and an improvement on the original, but 2 minor problems.1)	No real difference between playing as Corvo or Emily2)	Even shorter gameplay than the original.Would certainly recommend it when on sale."
,Recommended,403640,33888166,Posted: 29 July,all,Muhammad Avdol,"Firstly, most of the people who say this is unoptimised crap are either playing too high for their computers or are just those people who hate everything Bethesda releated. Sure, some people have problems with this game, but most don't.  The game is a great stealth game where you can either not kill or kill and I like it. Would definetly rate this game 95 out of 100, just because some people have problems with this game. Recomented"
76561198151215427,Recommended,403640,29090282,Posted: 7 January,all,Stavarin,"Good game, i dont have the frames issues and other performance issues that some people have, but on the larger levels it tended to drop to 45fps but after i murdered the bad guys there it went up again. (970, i5 4690k OC and 16gb ram)If you are on the verge of buying this and haven't played the first one, play it before this, cheaper and better, one of the best games i've ever played imo.Dishonored 2 felt a little lackluster in comparison to the first one and how much time it had on development, really wanted a longer story and more diversety in areas and more enemies to fight etc. But it's worth buying, absolutely. You're gonna have a blast no matter how you approach it, stealth or combat :)"
,Recommended,403640,31383958,Posted: 26 April,all,donutdog,good
76561198166145637,Recommended,403640,31043475,Posted: 9 April,all,sharkzoomer,"Welcome to the final mystery, Jindosh !"
,Recommended,403640,32656056,Posted: 22 June,all,[  Nanaz ],"Ilove the story , but 1 is better i guess , recommend it for gameplay wise"
76561198048017504,Not Recommended,403640,34904274,Posted: 12 September,all,dutchman,"Very disappointed. In keeping with the game specs I upgraded my RAM from 6GB to 12 GB just so I could play this game, only to find that the game froze on the loading screen and then crashed immediately on the copyright screen. The game also spontaneously uninstalled itself, I had to reinstall it to my Steam library. This is rediculous, I have no problem playing any of my other games, and I can't even get D2 to load the menu. I requested a refund and do not recommend this game to anyone who runs anything except the newest and most powerful gaming PCs. Someday I will try again because I love Dishonored and really want to play D2, but it will be quite a while before I can afford a system that can support the game. Rediculous. I cannot be more disappointed with the gamemakers."
76561198065183915,Recommended,403640,27123088,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Waluigi,"I haven't had much trouble with performance other than while in open areas the game appears to slow down while looking at massive structures, which is a shame because the game is a masterpeice other than the poor optimization. So if you are interested in dishonered mabye wait till the game is fixed up a bit."
,Recommended,403640,27123108,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,RainbowDash,Addicting and fun game.
76561198246570810,Not Recommended,403640,30824465,Posted: 29 March,all,RhyMzy,"I can not even enter this trash with a brand new Alienware 17 R4(GTX 1070), whats the point in spending 60 bucks on some thing u can not even open? i donno does this game have to be run on 1080?"
,Recommended,403640,26518149,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Pie,"Works well on my PC, allowing for around 50-60fps.Fun story so far."
76561198068767984,Recommended,403640,29261682,Posted: 14 January,all,The Man in Black,"Fun stealth game with many different paths to tackle the objective, after the latest patches i have had smooth performance on ultra settings"
76561197970261987,Not Recommended,403640,35117765,Posted: 21 September,all,gregcindy,Game play started to be drudgery.
,Recommended,403640,33799487,Posted: 25 July,all,=Axton=,"16hrs for the first playthrough, non completionist, low chaos.  A bit short for the asking price but I think it's because they expect you to play it through at least twice, once with each character.This series has some of the best storytelling I've seen, D2 builds on the first games' story so make sure you've finished it before starting this one.Visuals are top notch here, probably better looking than the first game.  If your PC cant handle it maxed out, don't worry, there's plenty of settings to adjust it down, I had no problems getting 60fps most of the time, but at 1440p it's a bit of a struggle sometimes, especiually the level where youcan see back in timeGet this on sale, or $25 max."
76561198007847377,Recommended,403640,33933167,Posted: 31 July,all,Doom,"Updated details:I've replayed the game second time to get High Chaos ending and the results are quite disappointing. While the game managed to add few elements near the end that actually hit home, the differences between high and low chaos weren't as pronounced as I expected, and the main problem is that the ending sequence is incredibly short. It also fails to cover multiple side characters in the ending sequence, which was done in original dishonored. So, I'm not sure if replaying it for the second time was worth it.Still, as I said it is a decent game, worth checking out.--original review--I've finished the game without killing anyone or being detected.It is a decent game that is worth checking out. BUT.After playing Dishonored 1, Prey and Dishonored 2, it is quite obvious that all games made by Arkaine suffer from the same problem: The studio puts a lot of effort in developing environments, lore, characters, backstories... which are quite well crafted. And then after all the hard work they add gameplay that is not very good and is not very fun, or couple of mechanics with the same issue. I SEE what they're trying to do with their games - providing more or less unique experience with out come dependent on user's action, but it is handled in awkward manner.Issues in case of Dishonored 2:The story is not very good, and introduction cutscene is downright idiotic.Enemies have tunnel vision of a hawk. They spot you from very large distances effortlessly, but if you climb up 2 meters above the ground, you're invisible.The game gives you large array of fun murder tools, and then punishes and berates you for using them.Speaking of which, ""high chaos"" (killed a lot of people) and ""low chaos""  (didn't kill a lot of people) system is odd and feels arbitrary. The change in environments and reactions to you is too abrupt. The very first mission includes massive slaughter that was not done by you, but apparently if you kill 10 people or so, this makes a difference so massive that people will behave differently in another location and certain npc will treat you as some sort of horrible monster.Amusingly enough, non-lethal eliminations of some targets are incredibly cruel, to the point where a death might've been a more humane choice. So, I suppose the point of non-lethal path was to be a hypocrite?There's a bug where if you drop an unconscious enemy and they even touch specific type of window blinds, window blinds shatter and the person in question immediately dies, even if contact with the object was slight. At the same time, tossing them 2 meters away does not kill them. This one cost me a lot of reloads.Due to level design and enemy placement, you're pretty much encouraged to save-scum.Dispatching enemies is a chore. In games like Hitman series (maybe except the latest hitman - haven't played that one), or Thief, level felt like some sort of puzzle and sneaking around was a blast. No such thing in dishonored. It is always patiently waiting for an opening, trying to take out one guard only have someone spot you. Even Deus Ex stealth was more fun.There's an optionally available power for pulling enemies towards you. The problem is, the power is supposed to pull them towards you so you can kill/choke them out, but in practice it often throws enemies in a completely random direction, smashing them against the ceiling, for example.Non-lethally knocking out people is also a chore. In Thief 2 you had a ""blackjack"" (mace/mallet) which could knock out people with one bop in the head. In dishonored, you  need to choke them out for several seconds, meanwhile you're prone to being spotted. This gets tedious after a while.On occasion I had several npcs fight each other in a neutral terriotory... except the fight registered as them detecting me.On a positive side, environments look nice and the world feels more believable than it was in the last game. So, visually it all great. The game also performs much better than its demo. Mechanically, though, it could've been better. Still, the game was more fun to play for me than Prey."
,Recommended,403640,33934520,Posted: 31 July,all,Galaxy Waffles,LOVE IT SUCH FUN
,Recommended,403640,35226924,Posted: 26 September,all,Sir Joey of The White,"Black people aren't real, the government painted a bunch of kids and remade all the history books and pictures back in the 70's, it all started in 'Nam, the vietnamese ricefield farmers were killing all the 'Muricans so they made the blacks with the help of the entire EU and made the rest of the world bend a knee to the idea, the vietnamese then didn't know what to do when they saw a black on the battlefield so they painted themselves black, immigrated into the US, started gang wars and made their own neighborhoods blacks-only and vandalized and robbed everyone. Now the blacks looked bad so they didnt have a problem shooting them in the field back in 'Nam. The tides turned yet again and the farmers pushed bakc the 'Murcians and they won the war. Go back ot present day and nobody knows about what the goverment did back in the 70's since the backlash would be too strong since the blacks have gotten completely out of control, share this on every review on Steam, on all social media, on flyers you put around your town/school/workplace. LET EVERYBODY KNOW MY CHILDREN, SPREAD THE MESSAGE, EXPOSE THE GOVERNMENT.Oh and the game is pretty cool too, such teleport much assassin."
,Recommended,403640,34905757,Posted: 12 September,all,Sleepy Kitter ... Zzz,"While an enjoyable and worthwhile experience all around, Dishonored 2 falls on the issues of being less than engaging and the classic dilemna of everyone picking a female character in serious roleplay."
,Recommended,403640,26524553,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Squishy,"Pretty, gore, brutal..You can kill important NPC's too.10/10 would kill important NPC's randomly to destress after work again."
,Recommended,403640,26525123,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,tree,"fps drops harder than old people with poliobut when its not, it's ♥♥♥♥ing awesome."
,Recommended,403640,26526757,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,:~),"Just finished the game, guys its incredible, DO NOT REFUND MONEY trust me, this game is worth it. Ive read a few discussions here and solve fps problem. There's no any lags since 3rd or 4th mission. Campaign is just wow, it's very interesting because it's no so easy to complete a mission you should think a lot and see a lot, few ideas is just a wow as well, you'll understand what I am talking about. Btw Emily is so ❤️❤️❤️. I don't need a real life gf, coz I have Emily. 10/10 guys. 10/10"
,Recommended,403640,26752754,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Sergei,"Simply a great game !The story was captivating, the gameplay was smooth and as good as the first one, i felt right at home !I agree there is some lag issues, but it wasn't close to gamebreaking. Highly recommend it if you enjoyed the first one !"
76561198044110213,Recommended,403640,26756497,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,ElevenS,"I have only an i5-3570 and a GTX 670. I of course have the mouse acceleration, choppiness, and soem framerate problems, but for whatever reason my setup seems to be handling the game a lot better than a lot of people with better setups. Go into your nVidia control panel and turn off all antialiasing for the game and the performance will improve at least a little.Game itself is very good. Less subtlety than the first game - your character having a voice takes away a lot of the lonliness and ambience the first game built so well. The level design is just as good, if not better. Guards and other enemies are much more alert and more dangerous as well, this game is no walk in the park even if you play aggressively, unlike the first."
,Recommended,403640,26788721,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Atheris,"The patch fixed the game for me, you still kinda need a beefy pc to play this game ultra 60 fps but it's way better now.If you are wondering if the game is better then dishonored 1, YES! The level designs, graphics, artstyle, gameplay, and STORY are way better.The game's replayability is also way better, I'm really pumped to play as Corvo and see his side of the story."
,Recommended,403640,26799078,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,†V@BBΣR†,Love this gameGreat grafiks and an amazing story
,Recommended,403640,26871390,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,iFASx,8/8 would never stop playing
,Recommended,403640,26904830,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Wagner,its good play it and such
,Recommended,403640,26944844,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Treyvon Obongo,"Besides the preformance issues, is a solid sequel with more than enough replayability thanks to multiple main characters and ways to play out missions."
,Recommended,403640,27026240,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Xenzie,"Better than the first, and that's saying a lot since the first is great. Some really, truely clever puzzles and areas to figure out. And no one right way to do it. Easily my top 10 games. Easily the top 5 series."
76561198001614722,Recommended,403640,27034317,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,[MC] Inotje,"Great game! For the little time I played! 1 negative thing, can't play this offline for some reason.. Oh well.Fix it Steam?-Ino"
,Recommended,403640,26514322,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Taylor,"SPECS:i5-4690k OC'd @ 4.2ghzEVGA 980ti Superclocked+ ACX 2.0+ stock clocks16 gigs ram 1866mhz ddr3the rest doesnt matter..ULTRA settings HBAO+ [ON], Resolution scaling: 100%Max fps (in game): around 200Min fps (in game): it dipped to about 52 looking at one particular spot in KarnacaAvg. fps: ~90-100 seems to be where i sit at 1080pThe game is a bit buggy at times with some texture flickering and there is this weird little sensitivity thing tied into the frame rate....other than that, im only 60 minutes in but it only took 5 to just remember how mesmerized and truly apart of the story you feel tied to.For those of you obsessed with graphics and fps: WAIT for some patching, if you just want to appreciate the game, HELL YES GET IT."
76561198191608835,Recommended,403640,26520440,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,eranmusari1,sli 1080 \ 50~40 FPS:(
,Recommended,403640,26522251,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Toft,"I haven't played that much, but it certainly works 100% and plays like the last dishonered so dont know whats up with all the negative reviews. I'm on an old 2600k with a 780ti and it's smooth at 1440p..."
76561198119641550,Recommended,403640,26523710,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,adamFC1,"Dishonored 2 reviewby AdamsWords on November 10, 2016CommentsDone with DunwallLike the recent U.S. election the first DISHONORED was unexpected, A title that leaped from the shadows of obscurity and grabbed our attention . It's sleek stealth mechanics married with the anthropomorphic , impressionistic artistic styling's of a Camille Pissarro painting helped it stand out from the crowd .Boasting a mature story that tied together espionage and political assassination's with underlying themes of greed and moral ambiguity through it's consequence decision making made this title one of the greatest sleeper hit's of the last generation. Fast forward five years and the game that pickpocketed the best part's from eidos Montréal's THIEF franchise is back and darker than ever. The first thing any newcomer to this series will pick up on straight away is how much this game is inspired from the previously mentioned THIEF right down to having the same voice actors in fact . This aspect can be a bit jarring at first but once you learn to live with your royal protector proclaiming every detail in sight it becomes a welcome addition .With a ceremonious opening that takes place in Dunwall tower the nostalgia kicks in , Within the first minute staring at that brick marvel you recall the wrack and ruin of the decrepit streets of dunwall. As you sit yourself upon the throne ready to rule the colonies a unwelcomed guest arrives bringing insidious gifts , the gift of course is Delilah that some may know from the DLC that accompanied the original game . Now she plays a bigger role as lead antagonist and rightful heir to the throne and is willing to take it from you by force . This is where the game starts you get a split second to chose who to play as and once you pick your protagonist you will be playing only as them for the rest of the game , Corvo keeps all the supernatural abilities he gained on his first outing so if your looking for a back to basics nostalgic playthrough you can take the reigns of the original royal protector who is now voiced by Stephen Russell ( Garrett from thief) . I however picked our all grown up Emily and after a brief scuffle that doesn't go your way you must escape Dunwall tower and flee for your life . Before leaving my chambers behind we had unfinished business to attend to , My first target Ramsey the man that introduced a boot to my face needed to pay . I snuck downstairs to the throne room and saw him walking through the glass doors towards me . Assassinations are now more clear to understand with a icon over your targets head fifty percent of the icon is blue (choke ) and the other fifty is a dark red (kill). I decided the best course of action was to choke Ramsey out and stole back my only precession, a family ring that he stole from me earlier just to add insult to injury I chopped off his fingers . Now driven by blood lust I was ready to embark on my journey. My objective was the docks to escape this place and track down the crown killer , guards patrolled the streets so I knew I needed to be stealthy because as I learnt early on in my play session if you take out a guard who has a friend he will know he's missing and go searching . so I scoured the first area for the safest passage to my escape and thanks to a nice piece of emergent gameplay I stumbled upon the perfect opportunity . A tram was making routine trips to the docks so when the time was right I hopped on the top of the tram car that bellowed throughout the city streets and leaped towards a residential building close by. the owner didn't mind me cutting through since his mutilated corpse was strung up like a Jim Henson puppet . After exiting the building I scuttled up a near by chain that lead me onto a pultruding pipeline , Running along the pipe I could see the boat at the harbour I dove off the pipe into the murky water's below and set sail for the new lands of my kingdom to track who was framing me for the unexplained murders of late . I awoke halfway through our journey to a strange void venturing into the abyss I came across the outsider he inquisitioned me on my actions and proposed an intriguing ultimatum , Do I accept all the powers or say no and sneak through the shadows on this case I chose the former and after that we are back to our dimension . I looked around our new hub that I would be traveling back to after completing missions and found a storage area filled with hidden gems after checking every nook and cranny it was time to enter the new land of Karnaca . A big change this time round is the addition of neutral zones in which you can chat with NPC's and find information on optional objectives. This is the new world of DISHONORED 2 but already I feel I have been here before.Lore and OrderDISHONORED 2 is a game made by individuals that really want to encapsulate their distinct world as such pressing back on the controller will display the map's you have gathered and a few titbits about your enemies, those that really want to become engrossed in this world can read up on the lore and mythology for the ultimate escapism experienceSummaryDISHONORED 2 is the ultimate if it ain't broke don't fix it . if you didn't like the first DISHONORED then you will most likely hate this sequel but fan's myself included can find a solid stealth action hybrid that teeters on the familiarity of it's predecessor a lot like the core pillars of this franchise this game moves along slowly and that's perfectly ok with meGOOD- enjoyable stealth- chaotic swordplay and combat-plenty of collectibles to find- voiced protagonist's add value to the world- Beautiful new engine helps flesh out all the little detail's- New/old powers grant variety to combat situations- emergent gameplay can make for some much watch contentBAD-the whistling soundtrack will do your head in.- some guards have super vision- the fun loving Emily of the original is gone and now she is depressed at everything- feels to much like the originalGameplay (9.6)Story (8)Graphics (9)Sound ( 9.6)Overall Score 8"
76561198167067991,Recommended,403640,26530833,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,I have a wart on my balls,"So heres the thing. I love the game so far. After 15 minutes of it but either way its pretty fun so far. The reason i cant go any farther is of the FPS. I dont have a beast of a computer but i dont have a joke of one either. I run it Dishonored 2 at very low settings and 12 FPS. Run it at Ultra settings. 12 FPS. So pretty much if I get caught, theres a higher chance of me dying that survivng. It was so hard for me to even block Corvo in training bc of the FPS. No matter what I do i cant really play. I definetly recommend it but beware it may be hard to play unless they do a patch that will stabilize bc many people are having problems as well."
76561198004989336,Recommended,403640,26542043,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Infernal Toast,"I like this game a lot.I have spent 12 hours on one playthrough as Corvo, with still much unexplored and many items not collected.I will have to play it 3 times more to see all the endings and explore all the areas thouroghly.Graphics are an upgrade from Dishonored 1, questline is interesting and offers a lot of variation.Well worth the money imo, and I am very much looking forward to the dlc's."
76561198029396840,Recommended,403640,26549227,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,wolex3,"(i7, gtx1070, 16mb ram) Great!!! If you enjoyed Dishonored, then this is an enjoyable and impressive improvement over its predecessor. I was Skeptical from initial user reviews concerning frame rate and graphical issues. I have none of this issues. Settings are at Ultra and haven't had any issues, runs smooth."
,Recommended,403640,26560950,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Val,"Runs well on my 980ti at very high/ultra settings. Very fun game, I'm hooked."
76561198165748805,Recommended,403640,26573737,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,DirectChaos,"On principle, I can't recommend buying the game until they smooth out the FPS issues, however the biggest FPS drops, in my experience, were few and far between since most of the gameplay takes place in relatively confined areas.Once the patch is issued to fix these issues, I would recommend this game to anybody and everybody.Pros:-Improves on the first in every single way.-Story is thoughtful and intreaguing-World is so full of life, teeming with people and animals-Every little fictional device feels like it has a story of it's own-Wonderful level design, either by pure aesthetics, or by gameplay value-Swordplay and Stealth feels refined and intuitive-Pause menu includes a ""stats"" option to see the lethal/non-lethal stats. Useful for knowing if you need to reload a save.-Playing as Corvo or Emily provides varied ways to play the game with different unique abilities-Many different gameplay choices play into what events unfold in the epilogue, which is improves on the original game's Chaos system.Cons:-Can't seem to find a mission select option, if it exists at all, then it is perhaps too easy to miss.-Obvious optimization issues resulting in inconsistent frame rates"
,Recommended,403640,26704229,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,livegolf,"Quick Review: I love this game. There is a game here, it is fun to play, the world has great depth, and it's fun to get lost in. Highly recommended.Bias: I also loved Dishonored. My desktop computer is capable of running this game at higher quality settings.Similar Games: Deus Ex: Human Revolution, Dishonored, Assassin's Creed (2, Revelations)Let's break it down into:-Gameplay-Fun/Replayable-Immersion-Graphics-BugsGameplay:The game play is great! Controls are customizable and responsive. There aren't any hinderences to enjoying the game. There are a ton of paths to take and styles to play. There is a wide variety of tools at one's disposal, and two characters to play. The world has more verticality than the original game.Fun/Replayability:With two characters, each having distinct play styles themselves and having varous playstyles in their own character, a ton of paths to take, enough side quests (not like AC2's collecting feathers), a lot of levels, enjoyable stealth and action gameplay, and a universe with dimension, this game is a ton of fun and highly replayable.Immersion:It's pretty immersive. Throw on a pair of headphones, turn down the lights, and just get lost in the world. I have to keep a clock nearby to see how long I've been playing. It will feel like I've been playing for 10 minutes where actually I've been playing for an hour. A game hasn't done this for me in a long time.Graphics:Stylized. But georgous nonetheless. Granted, I have a 1070, so I don't know how it looks with lower quality settings. This is an icing on the cake, not the sole selling point of the game. There's a great game under the graphics!Bugs:This game shipped with some bugs. Fortunatly, they can be fixed and they're minor, so don't consider them too heavily. One bug is more on the back end: the game is set to 'low' priority, so fewer resources are available to the game (runs worse than it should). Another is visable in game: when using a mouse and keyboard (haven't tried with a controller yet), sensitivity skyrockets making it harder to aim."
76561198079975844,Recommended,403640,26758130,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,McRip,"I see many people not recommending the game due to performance issues, but I haven't encountered any during my playthrough so far. In the first stage, there was a room that was a little choppy, but I haven't encountered anything since then. I've had a great time with the gameplay, and I'm really enjoying the way the story has panned out so far. However, if you haven't finished the first game, along with its DLC, I would recommend you do that before purchasing this one. If you were a fan of the first game, I can assure you that you'll love the second."
76561198159481399,Recommended,403640,27592151,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,poolb21,"Excellent gameplay wise. Sometimes bad frame-rate, but as a game it was fantastic, especially in open areas. Playing in mansions and buildings like Addermire, The Clockwork Mansion, and Duke Abele's place was not as fun as outside. Corvo's powers were more fun."
,Recommended,403640,27607528,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Lucid Machine,"The amount of freedom to approach levels in different ways is really fantastic and encourages multiple playthroughs. There's multiple ways to assassinate or decapacitate each target. Every level is unique and often directly contrasts the previous one. The world in this game is living and breathing and very immersive, it's interesting to look around and soak in the lore and the aesthetics. Highly recommend."
76561198107898094,Recommended,403640,27620049,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Wolfe MacKenzie,"I preface my review by saying that I have not had any of the technical problems others seem to be having.On the basis of the game itself, I reccommend it highly.If you enjoyed Dishonoured you'll enjoy this game as well.  It has the same rich world building, and the same great gameplay, with its own unique additions.  The Arimis Stilton mission is esspecially good."
,Recommended,403640,27850880,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,An Epic Person,"There have been many bad reviews for this game due to its poor pc port. However, I believe this game deserves a recommendation. My PC has the lowest required graphics card and on the lower side of processors, and, with a little bit of graphics tweeking, I was able to play this game completely fine. I think the biggest issue was the view distance and water detail, pretty much everything else I still have on high or ultra.So as for the actual gameplay, its very reminiscent of dishonored. I think its almost like playing dishonored with a ton of extremely well built mods on. The graphics are new and shiny even with the poor pc port, the gameplay feels almost the same but with a new gigantic lore packed playground to sneak around in. One thing I would say though is that the DLC for dishonored really adds to the main story of dishonored 2.So overall I would say if you want more dishonored, this game really is worth it."
76561198061685657,Recommended,403640,28193013,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Morphin,"Pretty great game overall. Just a little of an anti-climatic ending, as well as the story being too short, in my opinion."
,Recommended,403640,28210645,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,SamBob001,I love how the AMD users keep on ♥♥♥♥♥ing cause of framerate issues
,Recommended,403640,27394999,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,࿈ནDasWulveཎ࿈ TRADING,"I'm a huge fan of Dishonored 1 so I bought this almost immediately after release, even after seeing all the reviews about the horrible optimization. Starting my Emily/Ghost/Clean Hands playthrough yielded next to zero issues with any aspect of the game, including FPS. Playing Dishonored 2 felt like playing Dishonored 1 + better graphics - all the coolness and mystery The Outsider had.̶ ̶A̶l̶l̶ ̶i̶n̶ ̶a̶l̶l̶ ̶w̶a̶s̶ ̶v̶e̶r̶y̶ ̶p̶l̶a̶y̶a̶b̶l̶e̶ ̶u̶n̶t̶i̶l̶ ̶I̶ ̶g̶o̶t̶ ̶t̶h̶e̶ ̶b̶o̶n̶e̶ ̶c̶h̶a̶r̶m̶ ̶""̶S̶t̶r̶o̶n̶g̶ ̶A̶r̶m̶s̶""̶.̶ ̶T̶h̶i̶s̶ ̶i̶s̶ ̶a̶r̶g̶u̶a̶b̶l̶y̶ ̶t̶h̶e̶ ̶b̶e̶s̶t̶ ̶c̶h̶a̶r̶m̶ ̶i̶ ̶c̶o̶u̶l̶d̶ ̶h̶a̶v̶e̶ ̶g̶o̶t̶t̶e̶n̶ ̶w̶i̶t̶h̶ ̶m̶y̶ ̶c̶l̶e̶a̶n̶ ̶h̶a̶n̶d̶s̶ ̶p̶l̶a̶y̶t̶h̶r̶o̶u̶g̶h̶,̶.̶ ̶E̶x̶c̶i̶t̶e̶d̶,̶ ̶I̶ ̶i̶m̶m̶e̶d̶i̶a̶t̶e̶l̶y̶ ̶u̶n̶l̶o̶c̶k̶e̶d̶ ̶b̶o̶n̶e̶c̶h̶a̶r̶m̶ ̶c̶r̶a̶f̶t̶i̶n̶g̶,̶ ̶a̶n̶d̶ ̶s̶t̶a̶c̶k̶e̶d̶ ̶i̶t̶ ̶f̶o̶u̶r̶ ̶t̶i̶m̶e̶s̶ ̶w̶i̶t̶h̶o̶u̶t̶ ̶a̶n̶y̶ ̶n̶e̶g̶a̶t̶i̶v̶e̶ ̶s̶i̶d̶e̶ ̶e̶f̶f̶e̶c̶t̶s̶.̶ ̶A̶s̶ ̶s̶o̶o̶n̶ ̶a̶s̶ ̶I̶ ̶c̶h̶o̶k̶e̶d̶ ̶o̶u̶t̶ ̶m̶y̶ ̶n̶e̶x̶t̶ ̶e̶n̶e̶m̶y̶,̶ ̶t̶h̶e̶r̶e̶ ̶w̶a̶s̶ ̶n̶o̶ ̶p̶o̶s̶i̶t̶i̶v̶e̶ ̶e̶f̶f̶e̶c̶t̶,̶ ̶i̶n̶ ̶f̶a̶c̶t̶,̶ ̶I̶T̶ ̶T̶A̶K̶E̶S̶ ̶L̶O̶N̶G̶E̶R̶ ̶T̶O̶ ̶C̶H̶O̶K̶E̶ ̶P̶E̶O̶P̶L̶E̶ ̶O̶U̶T̶ ̶W̶I̶T̶H̶ ̶S̶T̶R̶O̶N̶G̶ ̶A̶R̶M̶S̶.̶ ̶T̶h̶i̶s̶ ̶i̶s̶ ̶m̶o̶s̶t̶ ̶d̶e̶f̶i̶n̶i̶t̶e̶l̶y̶ ̶a̶ ̶g̶a̶m̶e̶ ̶c̶r̶i̶p̶p̶l̶i̶n̶g̶ ̶b̶u̶g̶ ̶f̶o̶r̶ ̶m̶e̶,̶ ̶i̶ ̶c̶a̶n̶'̶t̶ ̶f̶o̶r̶c̶e̶ ̶m̶y̶s̶e̶l̶f̶ ̶t̶o̶ ̶p̶l̶a̶y̶ ̶u̶n̶t̶i̶l̶ ̶t̶h̶i̶s̶ ̶i̶s̶ ̶p̶a̶t̶c̶h̶e̶d̶.̶Strong Arms bug and most of the bad optimization is patched, now a full AAA must have game.Dishonored 1 will always be better though :)"
,Recommended,403640,28213709,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,V2.0 Tippy Nation,Great Game
76561198208874997,Recommended,403640,28293034,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,LukaJosic,Yess yesss 👌🏻👌🏻
,Recommended,403640,28398617,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,philivox,"A good sequel that was deserved. I bought this game further on after the launch since it was plagued with bugs and framerate issues. Luckily I only suffered two crashes in the entirety of my game, and being a Bethesda game, I knew to frequently hit the ""Quick Save"" button. If you've played the first Dishonored, then this is just more of the same stuff. Polished, refined, and with an optional character it's well worth the $60 price tag to me. If you haven't played the first game, there isn't a lot of context for you to know what one of the characters had to go through, so it'll be a bit lost on you, but if you just like stealth games, I'd say this is a good one to pick up.The drab color pallette can get pretty depressing at times but it fits the aesthetic overall. The other complaint that goes along with that is some enemies are hard to spot from far away, especially when they're not moving. You might get spotted when you just didn't see someone sitting on a piece of furniture.One last thing is, I've heard about the New Game Plus feature that's coming, I would also wait to see if that's worth it. Dishonored made a name for itself by giving players a wealth of options with which to go about assassinating or incapacitating enemies. It comes back in full force here, and with the New Game Plus feature, you'll be able to use both Corvo's and Emily's powers in either character. I think this will add a whole heck of a lot more value to the replayability of this title."
76561198074057803,Recommended,403640,27141126,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Armadon,"This game has developed alot already since it was released, patches and♥♥♥♥♥♥helping it. It was good from the beginning but its getting better."
,Recommended,403640,27158047,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Indra,"AMAZING GAME!!! I couldn't even play it for a few days after i got it, I run with an AMD Radeon graphix card, and it just could not handle the game. (First game I've ever had issues with) However, a patch has been released that entirely fixed it, and get this, its still in beta right now. By the time you're reading this, the patch should be live, and the game should run incredibly, its beautiful, very story driven, but at the same time you drive the story with your choices, a true action/crime thriller. Someone has usurped the thrown that you inherited from your deceased mother(The Previous Empress), or your daughter depending on which of the two characters you choose to play the game with. You and a handleful of friends that you make along the way are going to throw a coup to overthrow the coup that overthrew you!!!! What will you do to get the crown back, or to put your daughter back on her thrown?"
,Recommended,403640,27200088,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,hawk.,f cdcdcdcdc
76561198011933217,Recommended,403640,27246255,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Tommytola,"Amazing game, a bit simular to the first game. But non the less amazing, touching and mindblowing. Gameplay, grapichs and dialogs are great. What could have been better is the story, it builds up trough out the game, and in the end you are left with alot of questions, which I don't like. Any way, 5/5 game, 3rd time i play it trough now!"
,Recommended,403640,27372641,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,KAOSx1NxAxCAN,"This game is absolutely stunning, it uses mostly the same mechanics from the first game, while also reinventing them and creating new ones with the new void engine. This way it tells the tale is absolutely beautiful, it continues from the first game's dlc, it then shows you just what it can do. To anyone who absolutely loved the first game, i don't doubt that you will love this game as well. It is artfully crafted with tons of different endings compared to 2012's two endings, so please take that lovely sweet time of yours and give it all to this game, it is worth more than 60 dollars and it deserves to be played again and again."
,Recommended,403640,27434529,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,I'mWatchingYou,Awesome Game
,Recommended,403640,27540131,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,rallen747,spectacular gamegreat gameplay and story
76561198025581192,Recommended,403640,27545921,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Bomtaker01,"A Few people have said they are having issues with the Pc port. I Personally havent had many at all, if there was a gripe that i have with the game it would be the mouse sensitivity, its very slow. I usually like to play on a lower sensitivity but even all the way up it still seemed, too slow for my liking. Gameplay and story wise though, LOVE IT. I prefer this one to the first game so far and this is after doing a high chaos run as Emily which took around 6 hours. If you like your first person stealth games then this is one for the wishlist, would i play full price for it? maybe. I did and despite enjoying the game, i feel like £39 is a little bit steep. £29 seems fair to me. Definately pick it up if its on sale and you liked the first one, plus as a bonus Corvo got a voice actor...STEPHEN RUSSEL if you dont know who he is, you need to go buy the original three thief game, cant wait to start my Corvo Playthrough"
,Recommended,403640,27621147,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Molag Bal,10 jindosh mansions/10
,Recommended,403640,27872398,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Smexy,"Super grateful I didn't have performance issues. Amazing game, it's a must-get & 10/10 for me!"
,Recommended,403640,28102129,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,FailedMuffin,Well now that this game is working I feel like I can give it an honest review and it has met and surpassed my expectations in nearly every way giving a fresh new visual and storyline to the already fantastic gameplay of the original game
,Recommended,403640,28127169,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Spicy,"I like this game. They took all the good parts of Dishonored 1 (minus the level select) and improved upon them. For example, in the first game for each power/ability you would buy it and then upgrade it once to make it slightly better. In Dishonored 2 you can buy a power/ability and then it has branching upgrades that you can choose in invest in. The general gameplay is also a lot nicer than it was in the first game and the game has a lot more playtime. The story isn't revolutionary but it does add to the rich lore behind the Dishonored universe.That being said, it isn't perfect on the PC as of the time I'm writing this.The devs are working to fix it though and have been very active with the community in keeping us updated (unlike those who made Arkham Knight, who went radio silent when the pc port was atrocious). A working game at release would have been great, but ¯\_(ツ)_/¯Overall, I'd recommend this game, but maybe wait until the performance issues have been fixed."
76561198295299686,Recommended,403640,28169672,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,ImpersonalShow,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VeFcX9iDTmk&list=PL-yTJcI-0teE0Bgj4-m_m20RIyGS5Nl6v&t=2s&index=3
,Recommended,403640,28216765,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,The MAdd HAtter,"Loved the first one and the sequel is just as good as far as I've seen so far, havn't gotten too far yet. One down side is thatits not dependent on how you played the first, not even in simple cut scenes at the beginning."
76561198009417997,Recommended,403640,28266441,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,tobyriches,"I don't know what all the fuss is about with PC optimisation. I ummed and ahhed for a while before picking this up in the sale last week after it had been patched. It runs great on my 970m laptop. All settings high or very high, and looks absolutely beautiful. Game is fun too!"
76561198083648524,Recommended,403640,28268059,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,semaJ,"Dishonored 2 follows almost the exact formula that made the original great. Clever level design with difficult enough gameplay make for an overall enjoyable experience. Emily's new powers are fun and refreshing. Story is basically exactly what you would expect. Nothing special but entertaaining enough.In terms of performance, I had no trouble running the game on medium settings on my fairly dated PC. Load times were a little long at points, especially when the game first starts, but i managed 50-60 fps throughout the game.My only real complaint is that the story is a little too short. I personally would've liked to see a few more missions. This is made up for in the replay value of this game which, like it's predecessor, is very high. I will certainly be giving this another few playthroughs in the future.All in all this is a fun game and if you enjoyed the first Dishonored you'll enjoy this one as well. I'm gonna give it a 4/5. Great game."
76561198120881329,Recommended,403640,28356026,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,chiaroscuro_mosaic,Lovely scenery. Lots of creative ways to use your powers and the enviroment in both stealth and combat. Lag seems to have been patched out for AMD.
,Recommended,403640,27286323,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,disciple,Steam I want my ♥♥♥♥ing ark survival refund plz
,Recommended,403640,27382187,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,ت,They fixed the performance issues
,Recommended,403640,27458121,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Tokyo Sexwhale,"Looking past all the bugs and glitches on release, Dishonored 2 is objectively better than its predecessor in terms of its gameplay, graphics, worlds/levels and characters.But the story...Oh god, is the story abysmal. No backstory to the event that gives our hero/heroes their goal. Events have no flow, probably worse than in Suicide Squad. And the low chaos endings are probably even worse than the first game.Unless, you play on Very Hard difficulty that is. Very Hard difficulty is how Dishonored 2 is intended to be experienced. Very Hard in Dishonored 1 was a cakewalk, so when I got into this game I was expecting much of the same. I was proved wrong when I had to Quick Load in the first 3 minutes. Getting detected is much easier. Enemies can spot you while behind cover. What I also didn't notice was the leaning distance was reduced as well, which I never noticed until I did a second playthrough on a lower difficulty.8/10"
,Recommended,403640,27607508,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Gary The Snail,GREAT fOR PEOPLE PEOPLEN LIKE MIGUEL MARTINEZ
76561198062242400,Recommended,403640,28102335,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Aerolin,"This game is amazing! I don't get all the bad reviews. Admittedly I have a high end system but I am playing in 4k and achieving 40fps on average. If your only playing in 1080p I don't see an issue at all.Gameplay is amazing, story is amazing. The only issue is whether your machine is up to the task. If it's not then that's not a reason for a bad review. Either upgrade or go buy a PS4 instead of slating what truly is the best, most enjoyable and challenging game I've played in a very long time!"
,Recommended,403640,28195606,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,MrStumpson™,"I purchased this game when it first came out and it was ROUGH.I quickly returned it.I bought it again after they updated it and was extremely happy with the purchase. If you were a fan of the original dishonored, this will be a return home for you. 8/10"
76561198030786436,Recommended,403640,28399295,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Son.Of.A.Mitch,"Great game. I love assassin/stealth like games that offer a chance to go full out warfare. I know it doesn't make much sense, but it's exhilerating nonetheless.The campaign only takes about 10 hours, and it can probably be done a lot faster if you're really good at stealth or just mow everyone down with precision.One of the best improvements over the first iteration: Bonecharm crafting. I don't have any of the expansions for the first one, so it's possible it was introduced in those, but this is my first encounter and I loved it. It can make you a little OP, but you might have to sacrifice potential skill unlocks for it. ALSO, if you don't want bonecharm galore, you can desconstruct the useless ones to make extra runes. It has a lot more customization than the first.Unfortunately, I struggle doing more than one playthrough or playing for more than an hour at a time. It doesn't keep me glued to my keyboard as you might expect from such a highly praised game.Overall, I give it a 7.75/10. (It's a fantastic game, don't get me wrong. But I really don't feel like putting more than 15-ish hours into it... It get's old)"
,Recommended,403640,27367882,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,floral,hell yeah I'm giving it a 10/10 on my blog!
,Recommended,403640,27372113,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,I EAT FLESH! AND PANCAKES,love this game!! so fun
,Recommended,403640,27512246,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Crimson Knight,best stealth game of 2016
76561198014783175,Recommended,403640,27586338,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Zenji,"This is a positive review, but as the game stands right now, I can only justify that by stating how great it could be, if only it weren't so buggy. It's like listening to a great song, but the performer keeps hitting the wrong notes. I understand that its perfomance and optimization are terrible, but that hasn't been an issue for me since I have a fire-breathing rig. However, I have not been without issue; there are numerous bugs besides that. Little things. Sometime's Emily's Far Reach sends me flying way past my target position. Some bonecharm effects don't work. I just went to run and jump off a balcony, and insetead Emily went to attempt to vault the balcony rail as if it were an obstacle, causing the game to crash. It's sloppy, and that seems inexcusable considering that this game was delayed for 6 months due to quality issues."
,Recommended,403640,27590499,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,ConjureGanja,"Great game. Just beat Dishonored 1 right before it was released because it came with the pre-order. I love how I can go through the whole game without killing anyone. But I am totally slaughtering everyone I see the first playthrough, grat game thumbs up 100% worth. Ye."
76561198037599173,Recommended,403640,27607835,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Tekunjo,Wish it worked
76561198203388383,Recommended,403640,28231397,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Dingus,"the games runs on ultra on my i7 nivida 980 16gb ram-really fun gameplay, love the chaos and stealth-got it on sale!-u can play through it several times going for different outcomes-i only wish it was longer"
,Recommended,403640,27961657,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Chris gamdom.com,"Good game, but bad optimalizations :/I really would like to love this game but with the current optimalizations that is a hard task. I reccomend the game as soon as the game gets an update."
,Recommended,403640,28108018,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Insayno,"Good game, bad launch."
76561198080402014,Recommended,403640,28367881,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Nabroleon,"This game is plagued by optimisation issues which make any graphical setting above medium run like an obese quadrupal amputee. At medium I get a smooth 60 FPS with the occassional dip to 30 when an area renders. However, I don't feel like having it on medium is a massive detriment and the art style alone makes the games visuals more than acceptable.So far I'm halfway through the game so while this review is tentative, the first 4 missions are an absolute blast to play and offers a scratch to an itch that's been plaguing me for sometime, just like when I learnt about my local STI clinic.Stealth games have been somewhat neglected for the past 10 years or so, making Thief, Dishonoured and maybe one of the♥♥♥♥♥♥creed games among the only major players in the genre. Learning that a game that I thought was pretty decent aside from the random zombies they chucked in to make me♥♥♥♥♥♥myself like a five year old who got into his dad's diuretics stash. Not hyped, but somewhat hopeful.Unfortunately this hope was shattered when Bethesda pulled a quickie and decided to not dish out review copies, making everyone in the room roll their eyes and prepared to make inevitable EA 2.0 comments. So here's the bad news. They pulled a fast one due to aforementioned chugging. The good news is that the gameplay is actually ♥♥♥♥ing sexy. The stealth feels satisfying, you don't get punished too harshly if you have to shank up  a few guards because you ♥♥♥♥ed a blink up, and level design feels more polished and memorable than the first game. Without wanting to spoil anything, one of the first levels into the game you're in a dark gothic asylum on an island searching for a murderer as well as an old friend. Bam, the type of setup that could carry a whole game. One slight issue I have is that they push forward the ""play it your way"", but right from the start they tell you that if you feel like shanking everyone in sight then♥♥♥♥♥♥s going to get ♥♥♥♥ed up. That and one level involving ♥♥♥♥ing robo guards makes stealth more of a necessity than an option. Regardless, so far it's felt satisfying, varied, and focussed. Right now I'd say be prepared to refund it due to running issues, but if you can get it to work reasonably then on sale I'd call it a must buy."
,Recommended,403640,28461604,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Jack Reaver,"Haven't really had problems on a technical level.I want to give this a neutral thumb but ♥♥♥♥ it.Imagine it as Dishonored V2. The skill system has been improved a lot, even the old perks and skills have had a facelift.Crafting bonecharms is REALLY useful. There are a few missions that are really unique and some pretty difficult puzzles.What I find unfortunate though, is bloodflys, basically for us who have played the original, flying rats. Except you will rarely find yourself in a situation where you can use them and they are pretty easy to kill. A little disappointing Emily didn't have a Bloodfly skill but whatever.Depending on your chaos level the dialogue of your character will changeNow there have been a few things removed, like a mission select, no replay. Unique dialogue of Emily and Corvo, is suspiciously similar at times.The autosave is completely terrible, keep your finger on the quicksave button, after beating a mission it won't save so don't put any trust into the game."
,Recommended,403640,28474319,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,young nut fan aacount,Its a really well made game and all of the bugs and fps problems have been fixed (for me atleast).But its pretty much Dishonored 1 but with some more gameplay features and more open levels.
,Recommended,403640,28171933,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Kiaos,Game of the year for sure. Nothinng about this game is wrong except my system not being able to handle this game at top speed. I hate to order a processor I wasn't planning on buying cause I want my system to reach recomended requirements. Plus if your system Is dated your gonna have lots of gltiches and this will suck if your system isn't ready to play it.The game is so fun and has huge replay value. Although as always non-leathal ghost is boreing as f*ck. They need more non-leathal powers. Or silencers on pistols for ghost otherwise bullets are usless on a ghost playthrough. Like when you do a non-leathal take down it makes the body invisible.  The Heart doesn't help me chose my targets very well to control chaos. So I never know if my targets I kill are gonna keep my chaos low enough. The heart needs to tell me more secrets to make the decition easier. Bone charm crafting makes charms fun to use. But You still need to gather many diffrent charms and you can't learn charms that are corupted. Which means you can't get rid of the ill effect when the effect is good. I haven't finished the game and I don't read the letters in books in the game. But im sure that bethdesa and Arkane did their job in flushing out the story in the game to make it seem more real. So i have no qalms with that. I have two saves going Non-leathal Ghost and Leathal Corvo.  Im gonna save my last campaign slot for emiliy  but I don't really know how I should play her. I don't need to finish the game to know that this is my game of the year.P.S. The performance isssues on the pc and the buggyness is common with pc realeases when they have console games out. So it takes time. My game crashed to desktop several times and its the save that gets corupt based on how you play you can get a game save that crashes alot. Just restart your current mission playthrough or go to a privous save before Second mission area and restart the game. It should be crash free.
,Recommended,403640,26521775,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Nani?!,"Im not sure about the performance issues, it works marvelously well for me, played through the first mission (Ghost) game looks really well, the pc controlls will take some getting used to but alas buy this awesome game.I run at 60 fps, with some very minor dips when it first loads the level, specs are : i5 6600 and a 1070I suggest a wait for patch, because of the persistent issues with fps and  performance"
76561198003655844,Recommended,403640,26515895,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,McGooseFillet,This is how to make a game!!! It is not a radical change from Dishonored 1. Why change cotton candy when it tastes good? But what is going on is that its they somehow added 42 cups more of sugar and kept it cotton.
76561198041468892,Recommended,403640,26542001,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,mcgehee1986,The game is great. I have not run into any of the tech issues of other people. Using a GeForce graphics card.It had slow down one time in 6 hours.
,Recommended,403640,26566910,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,mmm delicious smores,"This game is far better in terms of gameplay and story than Dishonored 1. If this review is the first thing you're seeing, go buy this game now and play it. But, be warned, the PC optimization at it's current state is complete garbage. 30-60 frames on a high end GPU for me, not at all what is acceptable for me. After I followed some reviews on the steam store about how to optimize game performance, it's running very well for me. The game, is about 15-20 hours long. I finished the game in 15 hours, mostly to the part because I cracked the lock in the Dust District mission without getting help from the factions, which I regret. You could honestly just buy this game for mission 7, which has you going back and forth in time. Choosing either Emily or Corvo will give you an entirely different gameplay experience, same with going as a ruthless killer or stealthy assassin.My final rating is 6/10, which would be a 10/10 until the optimization is fixed."
,Recommended,403640,26515925,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Craftypiston,"The goodThe game looks, sounds and plays great. The art style is maintained and even upgraded in this new engine. The bonecharm, rune and power system also has seen a makeover with (some) new tiered powers and craftable bonecharms. The way to manage your maps, lore, books and all that jazz has been redone too, it's now much easier then before. The story so far seems interesting and the new setting makes it exciting to explore. Fans of the first Dishonored will be pleased with this game.The badThe game can run great at times but in some areas it can go down from the high 120fps all the way to 30fps(!) And keep in mind that this is on a beefy system. The movement or mouse input can feel a tad unresponive at times, not sure what this is about.Pc specs - game settingsI7-980x 4ghz, 24gb, Gtx 1080sc.All settings on ultra @1440p (dynamic resolution @100%)Driver: 375.70, no DH2 update/patch installed."
,Recommended,403640,26516115,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,end2draw,SO far so good here.
76561198193179579,Recommended,403640,26520542,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Senruc,"Loved the fist one and this one has started even better, but im struggling with cusor delay and not sure how to fix it."
,Recommended,403640,26522309,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,charissa1404,"The tutorial was awesome. No framedrops or freezes while learning to be a good assassin. Love my dad!Should you suffer from a flickering loading screen start the game in windowed mode and then in game change it back to full screen.So far so good, on my second mission right now"
76561198076371927,Recommended,403640,26543209,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,PuffTheDragon,"To everyone having framerate issues or input lag: Your are just a simple google search away from finding the solution to all your problems. After following some simple steps online, I haven't had a single issue running this game on a GTX 970/i7/16gb of RAM. No stuttering, no FPS drops, nothing.The game is beautiful, and so far the story up to the Mansion has been very immersive. I enjoyed the first Dishonored immensely, and this game does not fall short of that bar.Yes, there are some transient technical issues, but don't raise your pitchforks just yet. This game is great, and is not nearly as broken as many steam reviews make it out to be."
76561198017202884,Recommended,403640,26580088,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Lerukesh,"Dishonored 2 is all I wanted it to be and more. If you liked the first one at all, then this one is for you. The level design is top notch, the new powers are interesting and everything is beyond gorgeous. Definitely recommend it."
76561198008750603,Recommended,403640,26908408,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Time Muffin,This game is the john wick of video games. They messed with the wrong royal family and the sweetest empress is going to flood the streets with blood.
76561197963291070,Recommended,403640,26908750,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,-=SuPeRNeT=-,"Just like thief but larger, you feel free to do any thing and much more detailed!"
76561198040811656,Recommended,403640,26949619,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,gdizzle815,"This is seriously one of the best games I have played recently. I just finished my first playthrough as Emily and fully intend on doing a couple more playthroughs.Performance: other reviewers have wrote about performance issues that need to be fixed. I experienced these at first, then I downloaded the beta patch from steam and the performance issues went away. Ran just great on the beta."
,Recommended,403640,27060199,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,I'll be your Rezan,"Dishonored 2 is a lot better than the first one in many ways, some of the ways is that its a lot easier for the enemies to now detect you so it makes it a lot more difficult when you're trying to do stealth. The new powers and such that let you do bonecrafting and so on is a really nice feature as it can add a lot more into the game. This game compared to the last one has a lot of more in-depth level designs and such where you're able to explore a lot more of the map and there are a lot more options for where you can go to get to one place which I also think is a very nice thing."
,Recommended,403640,26520479,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Rotten Egg,"Graphics is amazing.Story is good.Gameplay is amazing.Day 0 port is average as with every ported game. Its not ""unplayable"" but it will see improvements over time.Its Dishonored... 2. Its what I expected it to be and more. Its game you'll want in your library.For anyone if they actually care:Win 7 Premium 64bitGTX 980i5-4690k16GB RAMAuto graphics runs most things on high or mdeium settings bar a few shadow settings, gets about 60-80 FPS on average. Game still looks absolutely amazing though despite this.Only thing i can even SLIGHTLY grumble about is the clipping. Some assets in the world aren't aligned properly giving some transparent clipping in places like docks and cliff sides, but its not abundant or extremely noticeable."
,Recommended,403640,26551810,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Doriphor,"I love this game, it has great gameplay, it's a lot of fun, even though the AI can be a bit too perceptive at times. If you loved the first game, this is just more of the same goodness! On the other hand, if you're looking for a game with good dialog and plot, you may want to skip this game, as those are slightly worse than even the first game's."
76561198038565448,Recommended,403640,26567257,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Shade,"Jsust going to the task manager and changing its priority in processes fixed most performance problems for me (defaults to lowest priority every time its launched so have to change it every time you start playing, hopefuly its changed to normal or slightly higher priority when the next patch hits.)And once those annoyances were out of the way its alot like the first Dishonored, starting with dislike and moving into love the more you play and the more you see the diffrent paths to get around (otherwise usualy a annyance in stealth games where it often feel like theres only 1 way to sneak by things and sometimes 1 alternative route, here there are often many).The there are a few bugs, mostly related to npcs pathing and routes, most pathing things when they're stuck somewhere is temporary and loading saves fixes them, guards watching keypoints and falling off the ledges if they are interacted/alerted in anyway does ruin any attempt at no-kills for that playthough.... and the thing that bothers me perhaps the most is the lack of players model, personaly i prefer to see the charatcers feet atleast to determine the distance to the edge im standing on (more of a visual thing, you'r very unlikely to fall of ledges in dishonored) when sliding you have a model and its nice but as soon as you stand up ""you"" disappear again, you don't even have a shadow. looks hilarious when doing a chokehold on someone infront of a spotlight so theres clear shadow (singular, not plural here, you dont get one remember?).So overall: If changing its priority fixes the performance= Get it.if it dont: Refund it or wait for a patch or something."
76561198062522665,Recommended,403640,26550997,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Crazyman1717,"I am very confused on the negative reviews because my rig is nothing special and im getting 60+ fps in most areas. its at the very least playable and looks great even on medium. On high it can stutter a BIT but still pretty playable but I am also confused on why it ran better for me with v-sync on then off. My rig is nothing special (reitterating this),gtx 960, i5 6600, 8gb RAM, plays perfectly fine so I do very much so reccomend this game, looks to be hit or miss with your download but still im bedazzled on how im runnimng this well when kids with 1060's/1070's can hardly get 60 fps on high. there is a patch that will most likely come out by monday and hopefully it comes with more optimization so I can see if I can FOR SURE run this on high but im almost completed emily's playthrough and it never dropped below 50 at the very least. for sure playable and absolutely has some replayability with each area having multipler objectives and little side missions you can take on. Combat feels phenominal although I have seen a couple funny bugs like characters walking into a wall constantly and not figuring out that theres a solid object blocking them. Nothing game breaking tho. As of right now its a 8.5-9/10 for me and I am very excited to see what DLC they put out for this game as DH1 had some great DLC as well. If this game was somehow co op it would be a 10/10 in my books but it doesnt NEED co op either. Still confused on how im running this off a 960."
76561198083517066,Recommended,403640,26571460,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,riley,emily kaldwin is a lesbian
76561197984600529,Recommended,403640,26697459,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,jan,"I've played the game through once, as Emily, and I've enjoyed it quite a lot. It's a worthy successor to the original Dishonored, which is one of my favorite games of all time. The new powers are interesting and make for some varied gameplay. As always, there are multiple ways to complete the missions.I think the game is a bit harder than the original. Playing on the normal setting, I found it more difficult to do a low chaos run. And more difficult to maintain complete stealth. But that might just be down to me learning the new areas.The story is interesting, although I think not quite as compelling as the original. It's a bit harder to empathize with Emily now that she's the Empress, I suppose. And Corvo isn't the outlaw anymore. In fact, the named Dishonored doesn't fit so well with this story. But it's still a good story, and the environments have a lot to them.The graphics are upgraded nicely, everything looks really good. The AI is a little better too, with your enemies acting a little more intelligently.I'm on my second play-through now, doing it as Corvo this time, and working harder on getting a low chaos result.I highly recommend this game. It's a keeper."
76561197983681400,Recommended,403640,26521541,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,mwebby,so far works flawlesslyAAA title that oozes qualitythe reason for this premature review is to counter all negitiveity
76561198060492546,Recommended,403640,26544246,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,kerrbox,"I3 6100, ddr3 1733, AMD fury x, crimson 16.11.3, freesync 60hz 1440p, very high graphics. #60fpsNo bugs encountered, solid performance."
,Recommended,403640,26544269,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,optixv11,I was hesitant to purchase this game after reading the reviews in regards to performance. I'm happy to say that I have not had any performance issues at all. The game runs very smoothly on my particular set up.2560x1440 synced at 60fpsAll settings are maxed outMSI GTX 1080 Sea Hawk Xi5-6600knVidia Driver: 375.70Just really starting to play it but the gameplay and story already seem leaps and bounds ahead of the first. Excited to get more into it!
,Recommended,403640,26555627,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,The Shekel Collector 9000,"THEY FIXED IT. UPDATE YOUR REVIEWS BOYS.*Old Review*Pros:Just as good as the last (Maybe better)Nice level design.More character development.Improved AINot ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ AIAIThe AI still accidentally kill eachoter, which is always funny.Nice graphicsJust an all out good game.Cons:Dark vision is now like shoving a shotgun up your♥♥♥♥♥♥and pulling the trigger.9.3/10"
,Recommended,403640,26566362,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Imgonna Nutt,"When people run away from you, they sometimes trip over objects on the floor making it easier for me to catch up to them and cut all there limbs off with one swing of my sword before using their diembered limbs to throw at other guards.Corvo Attano/Gravity: 1Innocent civilians: 09/11 wouild brutually slaughter innocents again"
,Recommended,403640,26567084,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Heugin,you
76561197970641048,Recommended,403640,26573145,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,mgall8961,No  performance issues at all on ULTRA settings. But it sucks that you should have to need these specs to run the game the way its meant to be played. I feel for some of the players here who have great systems and are having issues. I hope they fix it soon so this game can start being reviewed on gameplay and not optimization. Its been great so far.GTX 1080I7 5820 overclocked to 4.532GB DDR 4republic of gamers 144hz monitor1440p on ultra settingsSteady 75-90  FPS
76561198167743862,Recommended,403640,26577097,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,wow,The game runs perfectly fine on medium settings and still looks stunning with perfect map layout and gameplay incorporating and innovating the original dishonored. I have a dtx 960 2gb and I run the games at 60 almost all the time occcationally dropping a few frames and they are fixing that so I would give the a 9/10
,Recommended,403640,26580027,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Joosh,"I'm enjoying the game. I realize others are having trouble running it, or their standards are extemely high and the game's performance doesn't meet that, but I'm able to play it and I'm enjoying it."
,Recommended,403640,26585860,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Ape.dll,"First thing you see is my thumbs up. I do like the whole game with the story, gameplay, mechanics, graphics but it does perform very bad, and my framerate doesn't increase very much even on lowest settings.I'm using a GTX 1070 with i7-5820k so i shouldn't have any problems with playing on high or very high, yet i'm getting 50 fps in some cases. When they fix those FPS issues, the game will be awesome!"
76561198085839240,Recommended,403640,26590629,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Yomemi,"Everyone having huge problems with the game so far but I have been happily playing away for hours now with 0 problems whatsoever, the stealthy assassinations feel as nice as they did in the first game and for the powers, well playing as emily I will just say I wasn't disappointed with them at all. I loved the first game and I love this one so far just as much, just sucks that a lot of people can't play it fully or at all yet. Hopefully the patch sort it out.10/10 For my personal experience so far."
76561198052093969,Recommended,403640,26593152,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,scoorp7,Lots of fun and runs greate for me. (gtx 1070 and an i5 4690k still at stock speed and 16 Gb of ram)
,Recommended,403640,26593285,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,D0ubl_3,"The sequel to the beloved Dishonored, Dishonored 2 takes you back to Dunwall for another adventure. Your choices matter in this game, as they determine the overal ending and the way the game plays out.Unlike Dishonored, in Dishonored 2 you have a pretty awesome choice. Play once again as Corvo, the Royal Protector and character you play as in the original game, OR Emily!. The little emperess has grown up and is ready for her shot in the spotlight.Each character has their own specific powers given to them by the Outsider.Main Villian is Delila, If you played  the dlc's from the original you know who she is.Just like Dishonored, there is Low - High Chaos rating.Also, at least in my opinion, game is a lot harder in terms of being stealthy.Also, those clock soilder things, ARE SO ****ING OP. - If you are trying to be stealthy - Stun mines, you need like 2 or 3On my first playthrough, I played as Emily.Few things to note.-She is a badass-Kinda who you want to play as firstI went for the Low Chaos and got the good ending.Best Part I would have to say or at least the most interesting, was using thetime machine device, that to me was so fricken cool, sad that they didnt do more with it.Overall Rating 10/10Sidenote - You cankill sokolovif you really want to.Hope they come out with some dlc with daud!"
76561198069703440,Recommended,403640,26549158,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,LapiDot,"My god i just finished one of the possible endings, music is good, gameplay is great, more balanced than dishonored one, the difficulty is finally much harder than dishonored one, those who complain of the difficulty do not have the skill to complete it. Good game, I recommend it, though it is bethesda, come out with multiple DLC's so much merchendise."
,Recommended,403640,26589609,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Sophie de Lalalie,"++ had fun+ looks nice ... has its own style, though+ runs very good on ultra (at least on my computer ~55fps)+ i had no bugs at all in my playthrough+ gameplay is as good as in the first game+/- i completed the game in ~22h ... okayish+/- story is not bad, but a little too simple. i missed that ""oh wow"" twisty moments from the first game+/- missions are a little repetitive (eliminate this person, eliminate that person, ... with little variation)+/- few sidequests- limited savegames ... you end up overwriting when you tend to save often- no endgame content. im frustrated, that i cant replay missions/go back to levels e.g. for collecting stuff- atm i have no interest in playing it again ... even with the other character"
76561198040101517,Recommended,403640,26531984,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Reymorsiles,"Performance isn't perfect but still very enjoyable, Loving the game!"
76561198098819454,Recommended,403640,26515934,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Timmeh,"I would put this game up there with one of my favorites IF -it didn't have such terrible performance issues. I've played around 1 hr and 30 minutes of pain and agony of my FPS dropping out of nowhere. When I look at a white wall I get a good 90 FPS. If I look out into the city? Drops into the 40s.If this game gets a patch that fixes it's issues, I'll gladly restart and try the game again. Until further notice, do NOT buy the game unless you don't care about low framerate. Otherwise, wait until I or other people edit our reviews and say that they fixed it.Please fix it Arkane D:EDIT - I've changed my mind. I've put in 4 hours instead of a measly 1.3 and so far... I've been simply dealing with the FPS issues. I put everything on very low and my resolution on it currently is 720. It's awesome. So much fun, I love it.If you can deal with the FPS issues and get past the low graphics, you're in for a lot of fun :). Otherwise, wait."
76561197998787805,Recommended,403640,26517283,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,lucifers_darkangel,"I am loving the game so far, It scratches that stealth/adventure itch rather well. It is running great on my system but I know a lot of people are having trouble with it right now so I'd say those with lower end systems wait a while before picking it up. as is it's a 7.5/10."
76561198048418304,Recommended,403640,26525966,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Zeyph,"I just wanna throw this out there I have no issues at all with this game. I do not understand these plebs who cannot run this game, my rig is litterally a basic 900$ Hp with a 970 thrown in.Love the gameplay. im only on the fourth mission at the time of me posting this, but the game feels really good. 11/10"
76561198041335580,Recommended,403640,26736410,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,mandrewf,Great game a bit of lag but overall really cool with great replayability.
76561198306133155,Recommended,403640,26518244,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Belfryo,"GTX960 - graphics are good, performance almost perfect.The only problem with this game - can't change voice and subtitles languages separately.Nowaday it is must have feature."
,Recommended,403640,26518301,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,OCCVLT,"This game is f.u.c.i.n.g awesome.....there really is no more to say ...if your having problems I feel sorry for ya son I got 99 problems but this game ain't one....ALSO some PPEOPLE ARE MAD ABOUT DRM....I say f...,u...c...k thoughs people cause your freinds can't pirate it lol...cause you gotta pay money ...get a  f...,.u....c....k.e...n job r.....,e......,t.....,a.....,r.....,d......,s ....oh thats right 8 year old f....,.u......c......k. can't work and your daddies won't buy you the game ....ya f......,u......,c......,k. you all.....anyhow great game .."
,Recommended,403640,26519099,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Metrolink,"Runs good for me with a 970, i7-4790k and 8 GB DDR3 RAM. Like the first game it's beautiful and have no apparent framedrops."
,Recommended,403640,26525445,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,AJmods,"I played high choas so much I killed my framerateSo ignore the negitive reviews, they killed there framerate in high choasalso if you choke people in Low Choas, your frame rate will choke too.10/10 would kill/choke (non-lethal) my framerate again"
76561198173373137,Recommended,403640,26563388,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,D3VILHUN7,this game is super dope i amm liking it quite  bit form its predecessor story is interesting just one thing the pc performance is keeping me from enjoing it
76561198062343982,Recommended,403640,26514964,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Shalaurimm,"If you have the computer specs for it I would definitely grab it! I personally am playing on my gaming desktop and while there are some fidgety moments, (playing on high graphics) it hasn't had an effect on the gameplay. The gameplay is magnificent, improving upon everything that the original game lacked. There are now more options to play non-lethal playthroughs, multiple characters to play, and an even larger diversity of ways to play the way you would actually like to. 9/10 currently and 10/10 when they fix the frame rates up!"
,Recommended,403640,26516807,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Gecko,So far ive lost myself in the game when i said ill only play for 30 min that turned into almost 4 hours...will update later.
,Recommended,403640,26517323,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Stickfiddler,"I don't know why people are complaining about the performance, the game runs fine for me. Pretty damn good-looking and awesome! and definitely recommended if you liked the first Dishonored. Seem to be a few minor bugs but it's not a deal-breaker. I'll probably update this once I finish the story.sidenote - if anyone's having issues on an AMD graphics card, make sure you update your drivers to the latest version (16.11.3). I took care of that yesterday before the game unlocked and it all works great, so I possibly saved myself from any problems I may have otherwise encountered. Same rules probably apply for Nvidia cards, but I couldn't say since I don't have one :)Update (11/14/2016) - Beat the story on low chaos as Emily, and I had a lot of great fun. Currently going through a second playthrough as Corvo, also low-chaos, and simultaneously working high-chaos Emily in the third of the three game save slots. However, there are some certain caveats which aren't quite so nice, but not deal breakers.The story doesn't really seem to change much if you choose Corvo or Emily. They say some different alternate lines of dialogue here and there, and shed some unique light on their backstory in the cutscenes, but the differences - particularly in dialogue while playing the game - are minimal and it overall feels like a cut-and-paste job. This is fine, just a bit disappointing since the two playable characters were a major selling point in Dishonored 2's marketing, and they don't really do much different. NPCs react in pretty much the same ways. So the only notable reason to play the game twice, with Emily and then with Corvo, is if you want to experiment with their different powers.(I do recommend Emily as your first character since the story really belongs to her - even though the difference between Emily and Corvo is minimal in how it serves the story as I said, it does make more sense coming from Emily, considering it's her throne being stolen, and she narrates the opening cutscene.)Blink feels as good as ever, Far Reach is a bit... haphazard. It's cool, and it's pretty awesome - particularly when you upgrade it to yank enemies into the air - but it feels a lot less precise than Blink. Which is kind of the point. I haven't had the opportunity to test out about half of the other powers, but they all seem very cool. That's the only real tradeoff I have issue with, but depending on how you like to play Dishonored, your mileage may vary.My stance remains mostly the same, I've still not had any technical issues with the exception of an occasional random crash. Hopefully that gets fixed in the upcoming patch.However, I don't like the fact that the game rarely autosaves, forcing you to constantly remember to save the game yourself. Once you get used to this, not really an issue, but if for you the norm is to expect generously placed checkpoints and to only have to save your game when you decide to stop playing, it will get very annoying. The other major con is that, unlike in the first Dishonored, there is no menu to replay missions. You will have to manually dig back through your save files if you want to revisit a mission, and the game will automatically overwrite any auto or quick saves with the newest ones, so only manual saves are retained and you'll have to remember to make them in the first place. This is quite frustrating, since the missions menu in the original made it easy to go back to a specific mission and experiment. I'm disappointed that Dishonored 2 does not support this as readily as Dishonored 1 did.Overall though, I love it. 8/10"
76561197997517759,Recommended,403640,26517339,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Utiti,"I am surprised to read about the fps problems people seem to have with Dishonored 2, and the crashes for that matter. The game runs perfectly for me, and I don't have a beast PC at all, bellow recomended. Maybe people have the recording options in the Xbox app active? I have no idea.I love the game, find it great. Haven't played through the game yet, just got started, but mostly wanted to inform people that (for some at least) the game runs as it should. I am not playing on highest graphic settings, but I've had zero problems, I am thinking of raising them (most people seem to have problems at even medium, and I am running a mix of medium and high)."
,Recommended,403640,26525089,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,HarassmentOnion™,"Within minutes of starting the game I already remember why I loved Dishonored so much. The first cutscene had me excited, and then when I got into gameplay, trying out all the inventive ways of killing I could, brought back good memories from the original, and I hope I can have as many great moments in this one!"
76561198119017641,Recommended,403640,26525518,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Combustible Lemon,"This game is very enjoyable and presents a challenge if you wish for it. the bad reviews for this game consists mostly of framerate and lag problemsbut i think the issue will be resolved quickly since this game has not been officially released yet. they will probably fix the lag issues in no time at all if not neccesarily immediatly. maybe wait a day or two to see if they patch the lag issues before posting a negative review. and if you have already written a review, consider rewriting it so that others wont feel discouraged to play this masterpiece."
,Recommended,403640,26590454,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,DaBushWookie,"great game, builds on dishonored 1, non lethal is actually fun, performance sucks but should be fixed soon and isnt unplayable, just not ideal."
,Recommended,403640,26593859,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Captain Sylus,"I've played through twice. High and Low Chaos. The game is incredible like the original. I had to use a program to set the process priority to high permanantly, but it ran smoothly for 20 hours straight.GTX 960, 8gb DDR3 RAM, Core I5, 1TB HDD"
,Recommended,403640,26757739,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Solid,"This game is great, performance was♥♥♥♥♥♥but I stuck through it, played through the game and beat it. Now they came out with the new 1.2 version that fixed all performance issues, so I'm doing another playthrough. This game is just as good as the first in my opinion, and has a lot more powers and even story to it. I had a bunch of fun playing and I'm satisfied with the game so far."
,Recommended,403640,26780368,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Mr. Pickels,great game
,Recommended,403640,26794675,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Irish,"Amazing game, runs smoothly since install and only 1 performance hick-up so far.Story is similar to first game but carries a distinct identity of it's own. Level design is brilliant as per the first game.10/10 would buy again in a heartbeat."
,Recommended,403640,26818353,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,bumbd doident,Its pretty fun I guess
,Recommended,403640,26821564,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Sergeantula,Enjoyed with much fun. Playthrough 1 - Stealth No kill = fun. Playthrough 2 - Kill Everything = Fun. Games fun
,Recommended,403640,26849357,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Blurocks von Habsburg,"Its.... amazing, Just tough through the optimizations, which are supposed to be fixed now. Havent played since patch"
,Recommended,403640,26854396,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Maxo,Be MeNo PowersNo PistolNo CrossbowJump down from roofSlaughter whole streetStray rock hits meDead11/10 would repeat mission again
,Recommended,403640,26857261,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Terra-Phi,"I was introduced to Thief with the X-Box release of the third instalment of the series, was immediately gripped by the announcement of a fourth game, and ended up buying Dishonored to tide me over while I waited for the for the project to be pushed back and delayed and mired down and ultimately released to a chorus of “Oh… really?”.Conversely, take the Bethesda released spiritual successor, a story of corruption and deceit immersed into a stylistic, industrialised fantasy world which drew a lot of the artwork from a cancelled Knights Templar themed game. It had stealth, it had action, variety, choices, tension and a dark horror that make it sound like a near-complete rip off of the original Thief series with better graphics and cool magic powers. And it was so good!https://geekoutsw.com/2016/11/15/review-dishonored-2/"
76561198006326821,Recommended,403640,26882398,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Ubul,Got my own squad after last night.
,Recommended,403640,26903587,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,H a r r y,"Despite the framerate issues which i sorted out, this game is outstanding, a great sequel and my goty"
,Recommended,403640,26914204,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Kalkan,the game has its quirks but really adds to the games mechanics and wellbeing
,Recommended,403640,26950137,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Ogre,"I think this game is a blast to play, even if you are playing it again as the alternate character. Eventhough the missions remain the same for both of the options at the start of the game, the different abilities still make the game very enjoyable."
,Recommended,403640,26954661,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Nick_ (zBON3 BR34K3Rz),Fix the game already...i7gtx 960m16gb ram
,Recommended,403640,26969728,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Grass Crest Shield,"Others have had performance issues but my game has ran perfectly. The game itself is incredible and looks beautiful. The combat is great and the stealth is even better. When deciding whether or not to get this game, please remember you can return it through steam if it doesn't run smoothly."
,Recommended,403640,26980653,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Hawke,Great game !
,Recommended,403640,27017872,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,The Fightin' Hemingways,"It's a shame the launch created so many problems for people on all sorts of builds, but the 1.2 patch on 11/21/16 appears to have stabilized things for most. That being said, the game itself is fantastic. The powers, level design, characters, and enemy variety are all big steps up from the original, and that's saying something. The game is still built from the ground up to be played multiple times while sinking hours into the levels exploring every nook and cranny. If you enjoyed the original at all, Dishonored 2 won't disappoint you."
,Recommended,403640,27019676,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,POSITION 5,"Dishonored 2 is exactly the kind of sequel I , as a Dishonored fan, wanted. From the very first mission, Dishonored 2 felt like a Dishonored title; from the subtle vignette while in sneak mode to the subtle yet trademark sounds of your own movement. This feeling held true throughout, and while I feel there was quite a variety in quality between missions, they all held themselves up to a standard that kept me engaged. Dishonored 2 excels at stuffing every nook and cranny with detail, which affords this game a nearly endlessly explorable world, and maybe a history book's worth of collectible  lore. Perhaps an improvement in level detail wasn't at the top of your list of hopes after playing Dishonored, but it was for me, so I am happy to recommend it."
,Recommended,403640,27019768,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Agraywitch,"Quite fun, even though there are some very prevelent lag issues. With the new patch that Bethesda just put out i would definitely give this game a thorough playthrough."
,Recommended,403640,27038863,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Old man genkai,I've had no issues playing the game.Emily's skills are fun to play with. Far reach can be used to catapult yourself over obstacles and crash down on unsuspecting foes. Playing the game with the goal of never being seen really ups the tension and is a lot of fun.
76561198062168254,Recommended,403640,34928228,Posted: 13 September,all,Alyotic,good x2
,Recommended,403640,26889832,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Assail,"Dishonored 2 is a great sequel to an already insanely great gameA lot of negative reviews has been written about this game, but the most of them are about the early launch optimization, which WAS non-existing.The game takes place 15 years after the events of the first game and hereby allows you to play as Emily Kaldwin (Of course you can still pick Corvo as well). This allows for a lot of new approches to some new great map designs that works really great with the new abilities and the new upgrading system.Overall I really loved this game as a sequel9/10"
,Recommended,403640,26891583,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Entrail Intruder,"Don't let the whiners dissuade you. They have significantly fixed the performance issues, and definitely seem like they are continuing to make it better."
76561198231547012,Recommended,403640,26909171,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Charana,Dishonored 1 with everything cranked up as high as it can go
,Recommended,403640,26959831,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Voodoo,"In a weird state revolving around Dishonored 2, I have to say between a horrible launch -- extremely poor optimization (if any) -- a unfriendly consumer review change policy -- and 3rd party DRM. Yet, between all of that is a seriously fun game. Its a huge shame such a title is plagued down by the cons but sometimes that is just how it has to be.If you do not care about any of what is listed, then go for it, buy it. Great game, engaging gameplay, interesting story, amazing universe. The new powers featured are pretty fun but Emily is where it shines. I wish steam had a ""Neutral"" button but until then, since the recent patch has fixed a lot of the problems, it will go under as a Yes, I do recommend this."
76561198095736981,Recommended,403640,26967881,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,dude1146,"Ignoring the PC port which is now alot better, the game has:- An engaging journey (really abrupt ending like D1 unfortunately)- Solid stealth (AI detection is random at times tho)- Great combat- Powers that are actually useful and that make you feel strong (requires you to scavenge all the levels though)- A choice to not use any of those powers and to choose between 2 characters with very different power sets- Excellent levels and level design- Replayable (But it still doesnt have NG+ or the option to replay individual missions, it's replayable in that you'll want to go through the entire campaign again)I'd recommend the game if you enjoyed the original, it's a good sequel and it's a shame it had a horrible launch. Arkane are working on fixing the game and bringing new features that are needed. Why the game launched without the ability to play individual missions or with NG+ boggles me but the game itself is still great."
76561198107171516,Recommended,403640,26971357,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,SherLoch,Actually a really good game despite the optimisation issues. Best level design i've seen to date in a smooth and well controlled game. Much smoother than the original and the levels are much more interesting and vertical.
76561198072761037,Recommended,403640,27001701,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Ain'TEEZY,"Turn off the VSync. It limits your fps to like 30 or less. You can then put your fps limiter to 60 and adaptative resolution to something like 50. This way, it runs pretty smoothly. You will have a bit of screen tearing, but its way better than playing a stuttering game.Does this work for you guys? Try it!"
76561198130907638,Recommended,403640,27003053,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,CreamyMemey,"Yes, it is a well known fact, that this game feels like its beeing run by a hamster on a wheel, BUT! The gameplay is absolutely wonderful and I do recommend you buy it... Just not until they fix it."
,Recommended,403640,27035768,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,[əɴ] Noon,"hey, that's pretty good!"
76561198046399719,Recommended,403640,33156475,Posted: 2 July,all,MrPwnage,Fantastic game!
76561197994855724,Recommended,403640,26514809,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,MeoWheeler1,"(This is Not the best, most detailed review.. This is just my experience & opinion....)So far I've enjoyed the game...TL;DRI never got to do a straight playthrough of Dishonered, but I like to think I got to play enough (on this account & also not on steam) to be able to say that imo I think it's a decent follow up, (so far...)But, I haven't gotten too much time into it. I mainly am only still up (I go to bed early & wake up early..tmi) because I saw how many people had framerate drops and other issues that affected overall unplayability, which worried me. So I was hoping that if I had any issues rendering the game unplayable, I could take care of them tonight so it wouldn't cut into my play time tomorrow. Anyways, my point being, I preloaded the game & then upon release did the little ""update"" to unlock the game, and then after fiddleing with the settings (mouse sensitivity & turning specs up not down) I still had a minimum of 45 fps-75 fps on average. The lowest point dropped to about 28fps (during loading right before it transferred off the loading screen) but then it also peaked above 145fps at a few different points. Now I dont have a PoS computer, but I also dont have a state of the art Beast of a gaming rig either lol. (I have 2 laptops & 1 desktop so I'd have to look up the exact specs for the rig I'm playing on if needed)"
76561198115813976,Recommended,403640,26515911,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,HappyHappy,"I have played only for two hours now, but nevertheless I wanted to share with you that I absolutely adore the art style and the level design of this game. Half of the time I just forget the mission and admire the environment. Atmosphere and ambient sound world is spot on.I love this game, also loved previous Dishonored and the sequel is true to the original.No performance issues.My specs:i5-6400RAM 8GtGeForce GTX 960I have only love for this game <3"
,Recommended,403640,26532536,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Argnog,"My fps did dip from time to time but still playable! This game was x10 better than the first. The city  of Serkonos is beautifil, especially the mountain and the dust district. Storyline was amazing and the dialogue wasnt bad either. One of the best sequels of a game ive ever played"
76561198051223513,Recommended,403640,26543232,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Zapekk,Game is awesome and fun so far but if you don't have really good pc do not buy this yet.Im running i7-4770k 4.2Ghz and Gtx 1080 Overclocked to +2000 Mhz. Res 1080p 144hzMy FPS is jumping between 80 and 200 by just looking in certain direction and i know 80fps sounds good forbeing min fps i get but it doesn't feel like it. It also makes sensitivy jump from very slow to very fast.FPS difference between Very low graphics and ultra is about 10fps...No matter what settings i have the game is using 99% of my GTX 1080 almost all the timeStill for me this game is playable but annoying.I couldn't change Dishonored2.exe priorities to from idle to normal so i don't know if that fix works.Waiting for the patch.Still positive from me.
,Recommended,403640,26555791,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Goregasm,"This is my first game review, So imma be straight forward.I freaking love this game so far. Only on the 3rd mission so far but voice actors, graphics, difficulty ect. has been greatly improved from Dishonored. This has easily became one of my top favorites. I highly recommend, I maintain 60 fps at ultra settings while exploring around, entering brand new areas drop me to low 50's but only for a second.Playing on GT62VR Dominator Pro"
,Recommended,403640,26561092,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Dagdah,"I was a little reluctant to pre-purchace given the influx of frame rate issues people seemed to be having but I took the plunge any way and was not disappointed.I run a GTX 1060 with i5-3330 CPU and haven't had any issues so far; my FPS has held at a steady 60 (and much higher in some areas of the game), even in the more populated locations with the majority of the settings turned to very high the frame rate has still held.I've played through the tutorial and first 3 missions and have been loving every second of it; there is much of the original Dishonored gameplay and mechanics which I loved but there are also enough new features and additions to keep it feeling fresh and interesting. The new powers you acquire from the Outsider are a lot of fun and give even more options when it comes to play styles. The game has a very different feeling from the original; Karnaca is a lively, populated city  with a lot of character, a stark contrast to Dunwall. Civilians and guards roam the streets, keeping you on your toes and ready to call out for help if you seem suspicious or are seen comitting crimes. The story feels engaging and well thought out so far, definitely a game I would recommend to existing fans and new players alike."
76561198096873304,Recommended,403640,26621684,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,xckoolaidman11cx,Great game. Same style as the origanal dishonored but adding new elements. This is a decent sequel
76561198076265348,Recommended,403640,26704581,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Pamela Voorhees,"Loved the first game and this does not disappoint one bit! Really holds true to the spirit of Dishonored, especially with how the world changes based on your reactions. After looting everything that wasn't nailed down for a couple of missions, it gave me a great laugh to pick up a newspaper and see it describe reports of a mass wave of robberies across the city! Would absolutely recommend to anyone who enjoyed the original game and is looking for more Dishonored action!"
76561198035367075,Recommended,403640,26732108,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Afjell,Good game but it runs poorly. my specs are slightly over minimum
76561198083907704,Recommended,403640,26735496,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Renegade_197,"Despite all the negativity, I've found playing this as enjoyable as the first. Yes, there is a lot of demand on your computer's GPU which is a downside and causes a few frame drops in some areas (even more for others with lower specs). Running through in low chaos and high chaos has been extremely fun and I'm still running back through the game due to the achievements.The only problem I would address at the current time is that the audio in cutscenes becomes very distored and out of place in several areas which is very annoying as the cutscene could be about to finish but the audio is only halfway through, thus cutting out pieces of dialogue. I am aware that a new game will recieve patches to fix these issues, however I thought this one would be on high priority and even around a week after launch it still hasn't been resolved.But if you have high specs and enjoyed the first game then you should have a lot of fun with this one too!"
,Recommended,403640,28381822,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,danny_dodgeball2001,"I'm going to ignore the crashing and frame dropping problems, because enough has already been said about that issue. I'm going to write a simple review, not saying anything about that, because without that, this is an amazing game. The combat system feels fluid, the sheer amount of collectibles make multiple playthroughs worthwile, I'm going to give it a positive review, but I'd recommend waiting for patches, as you need this game."
76561198150648422,Recommended,403640,34989071,Posted: 15 September,all,Chodey,good game
76561198171036587,Not Recommended,403640,35054338,Posted: 18 September,all,gentlemen,"i loved the first game but this one will not start, it boots up but will not load into the start screen and leaves me with a black screen and i need to Ctl-Alt-Delete and sign out to escape if this is fixed i will change my review accordingly."
76561198086763467,Recommended,403640,29791931,Posted: 8 February,all,jaysunsphone,Great game
76561198023049455,Recommended,403640,34252925,Posted: 15 August,all,Yusufu,"I was wondering where all children went, but when I saw that most women were enrolled in the army, I understood."
76561198015813024,Recommended,403640,27337953,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Golem765,"What happened? Game was running good before recent patch, kinf od 30-40 fps on very high, and after updating it is 10 fps on very low! Have someone encountered such issue?---Figured it out, had to reinstall nvidia driver, if someone meets this problem - this might be a  solution"
12321241241241212,Recommended,403640,29911891,Posted: 13 February,all,Coolboy92,WoW ThAt WaS SoMeThInG
,Recommended,403640,30878301,Posted: 1 April,all,Dycerius,"The game itself is good. As a long time fan of stealth games I found Dishonored 1 to be a lot of fun, but somehow during Dishonored 2 it became less fun. I suspect my personal reason for this is due to the level design (which in many aspect is amazing due to different routes) and cluttered environment. There is so much items and details that I suspect it is too much for me, and I found it annoying to know where to go time to time (despite alternative routes). Another thing is probably the need for running after hearts and bonecharm to survive better, I would have prefered them as a mission reward back at the boat to ensure a fair consistent progress in ability and bonus. I know from a design perspective it is meant to increase playtime and encourage exploration but I do not think important gameplay element such as these should be part of the exploration gameplay. For that reason I didn't finish the game, I still have 3 mission left (I am at 7 and there are 9 I think) but I decided the enjoyment wasn't there despite loving stealth games there is something that turned me off from Dishonored 2, compared to Dishonored 1. So rather than forcing myself through the game because I love the stealth aspect, I uninstalled it and moved to something else. That said, the game itself is amazing and engaging. However, for me it felt short and I really do think it is because of the level design/environment design, not the gameplay. I completed Hitman not long ago and currently playing Sniper Elite 4, and enjoyed them both. I highly recommend the game for any stealth fans but it did fall short for me this time."
76561198129817336,Recommended,403640,30885617,Posted: 1 April,all,achih,"I don't know what's with the whinin from people, The game ran flawlessly with my rig and game was absolutely fun without any glitches or optimization issues. Story IS indeed very short, but fun nevertheless! don't let all the haters and trolls take you away from this game, You'll enjoy it!"
76561197971073368,Recommended,403640,31066786,Posted: 10 April,all,Chocolate Hobnob,"Well it's dishonored ...2....it's the sequel.If you like 1 you will like it.I can't say much more...I enjoyed it. I liked 1. If you like 1, you will like this.stop making me type more...just buy it if you like the first one.Seriously. It's a bit like that but a bit better. Like Cherry Coke, like coke, but better.It's like popping cheese on a burger, still yummy, but a little bit better."
,Recommended,403640,26526415,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,t0d3s3ng3l,the game is awesome i love it and on my gtx 1070 no stutter at all its smooth like butter.... love yyou bethesda has always
,Not Recommended,403640,34698458,Posted: 2 September,all,Rooster,"Still is plagued with performance issues, at least on my setup. The issues consist of random framerate drops, stuttering, and poor frame time. My setup is as follows:i7 3770kGTX 107016GB RAMSamsung Spinpoint 1TB HDD, 7200 RPM"
,Recommended,403640,27356339,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Bankruptcy Infotapes,Great level design and emergent narrative make this my favorite AAA game this year.
76561198093363183,Recommended,403640,33757878,Posted: 23 July,all,Smackm0nk3y,Even better than the first IMO.  Awesome stealth and extremely fun game mechanics.  No performace issues at all.Feed my army of rats!
,Recommended,403640,32960718,Posted: 28 June,all,Webhobo,Amazing game! Not going into depth but perhaps even better than the first one!
76561198071471233,Recommended,403640,33760093,Posted: 23 July,all,Julipuff,"If you like DIshonored, you'll most likely love this game too.You can pick either corvo or emily this time and it is fun to see different interactions.Performance issue is still there somewhat but it is defintely playable.I highly recommend playing low chaos emily for first run and high chaos corvoe for second run. It fits the lore better."
76561198041819645,Recommended,403640,34960340,Posted: 14 September,all,ImperialFish,"Threw a fish tail at a guy on the first level. Detected immediately.One of the last levels, after upgrading with runes. Threw a fish tail at a guy. Killed him.Play as Emily, the game is clearly made for her with Corvo as a bonus. The story is made for her, and her powers fit the levels a bit more.Pros:- Graphics are nice and really set the environment well- Level design is simple enough to let a player traverse easily (if you play as Emily) but not so easily it isn't fun (if you play as Emily).- Some of the characters are neat.- The player feels more connected to the plot (compared to the last one). Instead of somebody telling you ""Go eliminate this guy because I decided he shouldn't be around without consulting you,"" it's ""All of us are working for the same goal and together decided that this is the next target.- Emily's powers can be used in really creative ways that let you have fun with it.- Bloodflies are slightly less irritating than rats- Most of the levels are designed simply enough that you can memorize the layout to your advantage, but not so simple that they are all easy.-- Even the gimmick level (A Crack in the Slab) is awesome, just because of how seamless they handled it. It's so cool. I want to gush about my feelings about this map, but that ventures into spoilers.- Non-lethal eliminations are creative as ever. The non-lethal ones are often even more satisfying than a lethal one!- Bonecrafting is helpful, and it lets you customize how you play even more. You know, it helps you ghost clean hands better, because I doubt anyone plays this game loud and lethal.- We learn more about The Outsider- New game plus is a great feature so you can play as the other character without totally starting over.Cons:- Maps still are pretty linear. Point A to point B, you might find a rune or some bloodflies or something on the way.- Game is stupid easy with Corvo's powers. Levels are built to give Emilys a challenge while keeping it fun, but a Corvo can sprint through the whole thing and still ghost and clean hands a level. I mean, the player can deliberatly take it slow, but at that point you're doing a chore, not having fun.- You move locations so much that it is sometimes hard to keep up with the story and some characters.- Enviornments look better, but characters still look downright weird. I don't think anyone has ears that look like that.- Emily is not good at hiding her identity. she just covers her mouth. She's the Empress of all The Isles, Corvo mentions that she sneaks around and hides out almost daily, but her best way to disguise herself is to cover her mouth with a cloth? Still running around in the probably pretty fancy noble clothes she wore to a formal event as Empress?- The final boss was a bit lame to ghost.- The extent of most sidequests are ""You can rob the black market."" Which is in every level with a black market. That's about it if you don't count the ones that set you up for a non-lethal elimination.- Corvo's existance in this game is purely for nostalgia for those who played the first game.- It's downright illogical that Corvo can walk around with that terrifying mask and civilians don't care. I'd evacuate the neighborhood if I saw somebody in that.- Just like the last game, you'll find two or three powers that suit your playstyle, a couple passives that don't hurt your playstyle, and you will then accidentally start a rune collection, because you'll still keep collecting them even though you have no use for them.- What we learn about The Outsider doubles the questions we had about him.- The boat-driver is impossible to like and puts complete shame on the angel that is Samuel and all other boat-related professionals. Her attitude is psychologically built to make you want to ruin your Clean Hands run.- There is a plot twist, just like the first game, but it is neither as cool or as important as it was in the first game. Takes you totally of guard though, which was good.- None of those stupid music boxes that take away your powers for no good reason.- I played on hard, and it was not that difficult. Play one difficulty higher than you wanted to be- Pretty sure Emily's hair is made of plastic, or that hard frosting you put on designer cakes.Pretty good though. I haven't found a lot of replayability in this game or the previous one, but I think that's just me."
,Recommended,403640,28300725,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,PsychøTrønics,"The story, the characters, the stealth, the combat, the weapons, the supernatural powers.  Everything in this game is amazing.  The Dishonored franchise is a first person role playing game series like none other.  If you have a PC that this game can run on, I don't see how you could NOT love this game."
,Recommended,403640,29937448,Posted: 15 February,all,i shot the sheriff,Used Domino on 4 people then pulled them all off of a tall ledge to thier deaths 10/10
76561198236049394,Recommended,403640,29936222,Posted: 14 February,all,ivonnangelus,"this is truly an amazing game, inheriting all the good feathers from previous game dishonored. If you are interested in an immersive first-person stealth game with heavy steampunk structure, this is the best on the market.the performance may vary from good to stuttering, tho i never understand the hate around it, even the launch version"
,Recommended,403640,31012547,Posted: 8 April,all,The Scientist,"Let me be clear, this game has the full potential to really screw up. If you have a mid range PC or anything lower, dont bother. Spend your money elsewhere.That being said, if your PC can take this game and if you dont mind occasional frame rate dips in more open areas, this is a great game. It is not better then the original, which may be my favorite game of all time, but damn does it come close.This game acts as a straight upgrade from the original, bigger and better, even with voice-actors for the protagonists! Too bad their lines are♥♥♥♥♥♥There's literally a scene where Corvo just says ""The world is full of secrets"" for little to no reason other then the writers trying to be all philosiphical). That being said, some of the crap Corvo says during a high chaos playthrough will give you a chuckle due to the abruptness and absurdity of his lines. Ive no clue if that was intentional, but I liked it anyways.Ive nothing bad to say about the gameplay. Its great. It takes what dishonored did and does it better. The powers have multiple upgrades as opposed to the one upgrade you could get in the previous game. Melee combat is fluid and the guns have a nice kick to them, plus almost all enemies pose a threat. My only wish is that there were more, but seeing as this is a stealth game I can see why they didnt want to fill the maps with enemies.Speaking of which, the stealth is also improved upon. Enemies detect you quicker and take longer to choke out. More nonlethal options are present as well. For example, instead of just ripping out the enemies jugular you can smash their skull in to knock them unconcious. Though not a lot has changed, I think they did change the right aspects in this game.Finally, level design is excellent, but also less excellent. In the first game, there were certain levels that seemed like a chore to me. In this game, the only level I dislike is the first level as it is rather tedious, seeing as you dont ahve any of your powers yet. Thankfully, after that each level is enjoyable, there are no levels that feel out of place. The first 5 levels are by far the weakest, though still very good. After that, each level is beyond fantastic. The Dust District presents you eith a vast array of options, while Stilton's Maner goes all Doctor Who on your♥♥♥♥♥ then comes The Grand Palace, which is absolutely dripping with atmoshpere and is a marvel to modern game design. Finally comes the final level, which is a fantastic callback to the first game. Other then a couple items out of place and one case where I managed to Time Travel my way out of the map, the level design is some of the best Ive seen in a game.To conclude, this game has flaws. And some of them are big, big flaws. As someone who preordered this game, do some research on these flaws and then deduce whether or not you think this is worth it. For me, though initially disapointing, after a couple updates I came to truly love Dishonored 27.5/10"
,Recommended,403640,30970797,Posted: 5 April,all,Least Weasel,"I've not had any of the performance issues some people have talked about. Game looks great, has an interesting story and multiple ways to play it. I'm really enjoying it.I played through Dishonored 1 and its DLCs but it never really grabbed me. D2 is much more interesting so far and a lot of fun."
76561198136950460,Recommended,403640,34331404,Posted: 18 August,all,Hipper,100hours feel good :)
,Recommended,403640,32048587,Posted: 29 May,all,csgoroll.com Skritty,Love The Story
76561198032621738,Recommended,403640,32051254,Posted: 29 May,all,^4Sons ^3Of ^1Odin,BEST GAME EVER!!!<3
,Recommended,403640,30578766,Posted: 17 March,all,OLco,"Basically Dishonored 1, but even better."
,Not Recommended,403640,30973963,Posted: 5 April,all,yssuP gnipmaC,"This game is buggy as hell.FPS will always flucuate like somebody are humping something on the bed.Graphic is top notch but in the same area, u walk to some object, FPS will drop for no reason.Online DRM is a real pain the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.Everytime you starts the game, it will calculate some ♥♥♥♥♥ for like a minute or more(everytime!)Result from ♥♥♥♥♥♥ DRM, the game will sometime crash to desktop and you have to recal. its DRM again......Developer just dont care about PC, it's been months after released, still no real patch to fix many major problem.No matter how good the game is, these kind of problems is unaccept-♥♥♥♥ing-able.Even at 50% sales still feel like someone stolen your money.I might consider purchase this garbage pile of buggy♥♥♥♥♥♥of a mess when they discount to 75%.Oterwise, stay the ♥♥♥♥ away from it, until they really patch this♥♥♥♥♥♥up!!!"
76561198028161693,Recommended,403640,34446935,Posted: 23 August,all,Ottimista,"Absolutely worth every penny I spent on it. Amazing artwork. Predictable, but well recited story. Nice control and overall game flow, One of the most exciting and outstanding things I'd want to mention (and this applies to the 1st game also) is the voice actors contribution and the beautiful ambient music by Daniel Licht. God rest his soul..."
76561198146359786,Recommended,403640,34445856,Posted: 23 August,all,loles9783,Its ♥♥♥♥ing lit
76561197991344744,Not Recommended,403640,29487878,Posted: 25 January,all,fleetst1802,"the 1st game was brilliant but this isn't, my biggest issue is i cant play as Corvo but i could at first, that onscreen option is now missing because it gives me Emily only.....it was there at first so it must be a bug.the gameplay itself is very similar but the maps are compacted leading to a messier gameplay, there are too many annoying Witches in it and very silly Clockwork soldiers, the game feels too busy and hectic..... they've spoilt it.Daud's DLCs  were excellent in the 1st game, but this 2nd game is trying too hard, it's not as enjoyable or as stealthy !"
,Recommended,403640,28329073,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,MaxusCorkus,I have to say I enjoyed this game and the overall experience was a good one. I played the Emily side of the game. don't know how the Corvo story compares but Emily's side was pretty compelling.big improvments on the first game :D
,Not Recommended,403640,26512276,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,SunSun,Framerate drops constantly!
,Recommended,403640,26756579,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Ｆｌｕｇｅｌ,Now that they released the patch. This game is amazing. The only reason it is mixed is because of the optimzation error the week of the release. Give the developers a break. Love the game so much!
76561198182140383,Recommended,403640,26566573,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,plantver,">>>SIMPLE FIX FOR NVIDIA CARDS<<<1. Open NVIDIA contral panel2. select ""Manage 3D Settings""3. select Dishonored 2 under ""Program Settings"" tab.4. set ""Maximum pre-rendered frames"" to 1.Game works perfectly on my GTX 970 after above fix."
,Recommended,403640,26759431,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Samsplosion,"People complained about the laggy frames and bad audio, but ultimatley it effected my gameplay only a little. I set the settings to very high instead of ultra and frame lag went away. The audio problems (heard enemies 8000 miles away and your own footsteps not stopping when you do) persisted and were annoying as hell, but it stopped bothering me after a bit. Generally, I'd give the game an 7/10 with the issues stated, but disregarding them I'd say it's a solid 8.5/10. The level design is amazing."
,Not Recommended,403640,26755229,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Under,Putting time into this game is bad for me and my computer.
,Not Recommended,403640,26534738,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Mrmumudk,"I can now say that i have played this game to the end, and oh boy was it a dissapointment. Despite all the bugs and poorly optimisation the game was still bad.The ending was proboly one of the worst endings i've ever seen. It wasn't even a good fight. It was just a matter of how fast can you go hide and kill. No good dialoge to the ending either, just kill her and nothing.When you then finally beat the last stage, you then get an option wether or not you wanna take the throne. But if you take the throne then what was the point of Corvo going through all of this, and saying the stuff he said about him wanting Emily to have the throne.I'd wish i could unsee everything. I do not consider this game to be a part of the Dishonored world.i would recommend you to NOT BUY THIS GAME."
,Not Recommended,403640,28400848,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Moisture,Even after 2-3 patchs that are stated to fix the performance issues. The game still runs like crap to the point it is not enjoyable to play at all. btw I have pretty damn good specs.
76561198026611863,Not Recommended,403640,32772104,Posted: 25 June,all,NeoNamberg41,"I can't reccomend a game that can't be started. Gotta love Bethesda for being one of the biggest names in the industry, and somehow still managing to make a game that doesn't work."
,Recommended,403640,26550085,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Adolf Titler,"♥♥♥♥♥pc, 15-21 fps still beat it 9/10"
76561198088607949,Recommended,403640,26681537,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Million Ants,"This game improves upon everything in the first game. From level design to story this game is great. The combat is a little bit exploitable but I'm still having alot of fun. The graphics seems like an issue to most people. I run at a usual 45 to 50 frames, no matter the setting, but I don't mind. Maybe the pc master race needs to get off their high horse and enjoy a video game for what it is."
76561198083443682,Recommended,403640,26607035,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,ozgraffix,"Genius level design,  amazing art style,  tons of replayability, flawless performance on ultra settings and more of what I loved about the original Dishonored.  10 out of 10 ."
76561198221411468,Recommended,403640,26626817,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,ajglauer,"I've never posted a review before, but given that this game is only a mixed, I felt I had to for one simple reason, the game is fun. I'm aware it has some graphic issues at current, however, once you fix that (or the patch does whenever it comes) the game is simply amazing. Combat is smooth, stealth is fun, and the game keeps itself entertaining through new gameplay every level. If you were a fan of Dishonored, you'll love this one. all to often today we see sequels be nothing more than what the first game with minor tweaks, and not much else. Dishonored 2 breaks this mold by taking everything the first did right, improving it drastically, and fixing what was wrong with it. In a day where so many games get a sequel and the devolopers change nothing, just capatalize on the success of their first game, it is saddening to see a game that improved so much get so much hate for the laziness of devolpers on the port.The bottom line is the game is fun, extremely so, if you like stealth games or even action games with some different mechanics, as you really can play the game either way, pick this up."
76561198026613309,Recommended,403640,26612668,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,cybrggame,Just here to say I'm not having any issues at all... Neener.8 GB RAMRadeon R9 390i5 6600KGame seems cool so far.
76561197988693069,Recommended,403640,30989827,Posted: 6 April,all,Jupman,"Just got this today, hope this ends up as a top comment or is sorted correct.Game works great,AMD A10 3.70 APUNVIDIA 700 series12GB memoryOnly a few graphic bigs notice gone with setting change.This may be a hit or miss on optomization depending on your machine.The gameplay and story are great so no cons in my book."
,Not Recommended,403640,32051533,Posted: 29 May,all,[LYF]Bobbossa,Still runs like♥♥♥♥♥♥ will update this review when I have a machine that can play it at 60.
,Recommended,403640,26743854,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Mei Ling Zhou,^^ I rate this game . ^^^^ Story : 8/10 ^^^^ Presentation : 9/10 ^^^^ GamePlay : 8/10 ^^^^ Performance : 9/10 ^^
,Not Recommended,403640,32594358,Posted: 20 June,all,6372776E6B6C6C72,"too short of a campaign, as usual. Dodge this game unless you can get it for free."
,Recommended,403640,26517038,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Non Economic Profit,"The current problem with Dishonored 2, is its optimitation on AMD and its large lean on GPU. I as an owner of a fx-6300, and a gtx 1080, can attest to this. Far cry 4 struggles at 30, but the witcher 3 never leaves 60. Beware, very GPU intensive, as far as I can tell. The game itself, is brilliant. Just what I was looking for and missed these few years."
76561198038401702,Recommended,403640,28144198,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,dicer,runs nicely. good game.
76561197992113626,Recommended,403640,26566530,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,stefandid,"The first game was one of the best I've played and this one is even better ! I didn't run into any performance issues at all, but to all of you that did, wait for the patch, and play this to the end, because it's amazing !"
76561198028537887,Recommended,403640,26604541,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Do Drugs,"I understand all the negative reviews but for my setup and and playstyle i have been overall happy with the game! I loved the first Dishonored and it wasnt without its glitches. I have read other people claiming the game ""unplayable"" but despite one or two drops to 30 fps my GTX 1080 has been running it on ultra fine. Granted it is NOT optimized well  and should run at consistent 80 fps. I play with an Xbox contoller and therefore haven't experienced the mouse smoothing issues. I also play the game stealthily, but i can see how there would be problems playing ""run-and-gun"" style. I would recommend it now to those with high end PCs who really enjoyed the first Dishonored, and to anyone once they patch it up and have a sale!PROS:Fun new mechanicsGreat story continuationFun and dynamic stealth playFun level designCONS:Poorly optimized (40 fps avg on Ultra with GTX 1080)Story dependent on first gameMouse smoothing (I use a controller, but seems to be big problem)"
76561198076496419,Recommended,403640,26566632,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Persik,"This review is written shortly after completing my first playthrough, which I played as CorvoDishonored 2 is damn near everything you wanted from a sequel to the legendary Dishonored, even if it might have it's own flaws. With it's updated engine and new technology available to the devs, the visuals and physics are absolutely stunning. Each mission now has even more ways to go about your goal (not more ways to deal with key targets, that still either lethal or nonlethal) and lots of tiny little details and side-quests scattered throughout. Everything from the level layout to all the tiny little things make this game absolutely stunning, and well worth the wait for fans of the original game. On top of all of the way to tackle a mission, there's an entirely new character with new powers to do it all again basically doubling the playtime you would've gotten anyways. That is not to say, however, that the game does not have it's flaws, albeit tiny ones. Honestly my biggest complaint with this game was it's sound design, as it just felt so much weaker than the first game's. The pistols no longer have that meaty explosive sound to them, and instead sound like somebody put a silencer on a real-life flintlock, a shame considering the spark effects from the firing of the pistol are glorious to look at. Also related to the sound design, and this might just be Corvo, but your character will occasionally (actually quite frequently) make a little jingly noise as they walk. This of course being everything they're carrying, but it's super distracting and I mistook it for a guard many times. These however, as I mentioned, are just tiny things. Another problem I had was that it seemed they removed the special assassination animations for specific targets. No matter who the key target (mission objective) the animation is always you stabbing them in the shoulder, snapping there neck, and then removing the blade. In the last game each target, even the optional ones, had their own cool assassination animation. Once again a tiny thing, but the kills don't feel as special as they did. One other problem I had with the game was how SHORT it was! I get that they're putting a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of detail into these levels; writing journals and books, hiding secrets, making sidequests, and polishing it all around, but the game is only 9 levels long. This was the same length as the first game, regardless of the much larger hype and budget behind this game! My final grite with this game would be the odd lack of the Clockwork Soldiers (the big robot dudes invented by this game's Anton Sokolov/Pierro Joplin esq mad inventor, named ""Kirin Jindosh""). They spent so much time talking about and describing these dudes before launch, yet you only see about 9 of them (not an exaggeration) in the entire game, 7 if which are all in the same level! Again, these are just tiny problems, and that didn't stop this from being one of my favorite games to drop this year. It's a definite return to the amazing gameplay of the first game, and I can't wait to play my second playthrough as Emily! Once they fix the performance issues (Of which I had none) this is a MUST BUY for those who enjoy anything about the last game, or stealth in general."
,Recommended,403640,26607029,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,koosh,"HOW TO FIX FRAMESThis wont fix the game completely, but it did put my frames from 10 to 30. The video is only if you already have the game, dont buy the game and depend on this fix to help you.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nj_zNXhLD7AREVIEW: The game itself is pretty fun, I have not played dishonored 1, so I have nothing to compare it to. But so far this game is extreemly fun."
76561198030780638,Recommended,403640,26604475,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Gingeraffe,"I would like to start off this review by saying that I am a long time fan of this series.  I bought the first dishonored when it came out and have played it countless times in a myriad of playstyles.  This may bias my review for some people, but I believe that it gives me a better understanding of the game.  Now onto the review.The Good:I would 100% recomend this game to anyone who is a fan of hardcore stealth games.  It carries over the amazing gameplay from the first, with tweaks and changes that only add to the enjoyment.  The two player characters (Corvo and Emily) have very different sets of supernatural powers, with advantages and disadvantages to each.  The addition of a second character also lends to replayability, as the second playthrough(at the least) will be fresh and new.  The replayability is also enhanced by the various choices present throughout the game.  Many levels have multiple paths and choices, with a lethal and nonlethal approach to everything.  Some choices can even considerably lengthen or shorten levels, adding extra weight to any choice you make.The level progression, in terms of chracter powers, seems right on the money.  You start out with very little to your name, with almost no powers and very little ammo.  As you progress this picks up at a pace that seems to match the games progression and works perfectly in tandem with the levels.  The stealth mechanics are mostly okay, with some wonky encounters and BS reactions by NPC.  For the most part this is not the case, but it does break the immersion when it happens.  Overall I would say the stealth gameplay mixed with supernatural powers is waht shines, as they work fluidly and perfectly in tandem.The Bad:This game will run on my computer, but not at an amazing, high quality 60fps.  I understand that for some this is a deal breaker, but for many this is not the case.  If you are worried that it will not run due to the glitches and bugs mentioned in other reviews I would wait for future patches to come out.  Otherwise this game runs well, as I have not run into many visual or gameplay glitches past startup.Sometimes the stealth and spotting mechanics get wonky, as I have occasionally been spotted when I shouldn't have been, and sometimes characters won't notice me doing obvious things.  Overall though this is not a problem.  The combat mechanics are not the best, but as this is a stealth game that isn't the main focus of gameplay.  As for content wise the game is fairly short, me being 75% done at the 7 hour mark.  That isn't taking into account the replayability, as this game has a myriad of choices.  Overall I can't find much wrong with this game.Overall:In my opinion this game is amazing.  It is everything you could want in a stylized stealth game full of supernatural twists and turns.  For anyone looking for an Assassin's Creed style ""I'm gonna kill everyone in combat"" type of game this isn't for you.  The combat mechanics are jerky and annoying, but if you play stealth that never is really a problem.  If you are worried about running the game wait for further patches.TL;DR:I think it's a good stealth game.  Very much like the first one.  If you're worried about frame rate wait for further updates."
,Recommended,403640,26515456,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,ShavedScarab99,Loved the first one and this one just improves on what was great about it.Runs very smoothly on my GTX 9708.5/10
,Recommended,403640,26623316,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Mithril,"This game is awesome. They have really used IDTech 6 (modified) to its potential in this one. It is really good looking. The art style is reminiscient of the one Bioshock Infinite have. Although the game is linear, the maps are large enough to offer multiple ways of dealing with the levels. Take note though that the game invites violence, and that will in turn increase your chaos level. If you play like I did on my first run.. the ending will be darker. So getting a nicer ending actually is harder. I will try that later, because the violence path is oh so rewarding. The outsider sticks it to you several times (without disclosing anything) on your chosen path. The AI is much better in the sequel.. it will look at places where a bottle is likely to have been thrown from etc.. So be prepared to move. This one is much less forgiving when it comes to tricking the AI. The story is engaging and fun to play.. but like most games, is isn't top notch story telling. But then again, you don't really play this type of game for that reason. Then again, there hardly are any story based games these days. I grew up with text based games, that required you to use the brain. I know.. horrible right? Thinking.. pffftt. ;) Seriously though, if you liked the first one, or (or even 'and') like this Steampunk style.. then I think you will enjoy this one greatly. I think this is one of the better games released this year... and you should pick it up if you can. The developers sure needs to be rewarded for this type of effort. I think it is bad luck that they were placed so close to BF1 & the latest CoD installment. It must have hurt them... but do try to get this game and play it. It really is that good."
76561197970507375,Recommended,403640,26625980,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Squake,"I have played this game with both Corvo and Emily.  Corvo reminds me of the first Dishonored and was a blast to play.  Now l am playing at Emily and find her style fun as well, but find myself less willing to kill everyone, lol.I just got a GTX 1080 video card and I have not had any of the video issues most people have had.  From time to time the mouse issue does pop up, but that has only happened a couple of time when FPS dropped below 60.Over all great game and glad that I bought it."
,Recommended,403640,26751500,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Pototo,"Very good game. I will begin by addressing the performance issues, however. And this review is coming from someone who idolizes the first game, Dishonored.My specs: Zotac GTX 980 Ti Amp! Edition, 8GB DDR3, running on a 1TB Seagate Barracuda 7200 RPM HDD, and an i5-4460. The game at first suffered low performance, sometimes reaching 25 FPS. In the past week, though, I have not noticed significant framerate drops, even when I increased the graphical quality in the menu. Performance issues have been fixed for me, and I can usually hit 60 FPS.The game is definitely not a disappointment. The main issues noted with Dishonored- a simple and easy stealth system, a lack of nonlethal options, and awful dialogue- have been fixed. The characters have more connections than in the previous game, and I found myself very saddened near the end of the game in a particular scene. The stealth system has been made more difficult; you can no longer safely lean around a corner and remain unseen. This is especially noticeable when you play without any supernatural powers- it's very challenging to stay undetected. The nonlethal style has been made easier to accommodate this, though, and you can execute a drop-assassination style knockout as well as choking enemies in combat. So the low chaos side has been well-developed and improved in many ways. The two characters have distinct comments, very different kill animations, and very different powers. With the new skill-tree-type system for powers, runes are more abundant but it is still not possibly to fully upgrade every power. There are many new choices for a playthrough of this type.In general, if you liked Dishonored, you will enjoy Dishonored 2. Every bad point of the first game has been changed now to be made much more entertaining, and it has suffered very little simplification."
,Recommended,403640,26648758,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,BBQ Chocobo,"Despite the performance issues everyone's mentioned, the game is incredible.  After some tweaking, the game runs just fine on my 970. Gameplay is great, a lot more challenging than the first game and some of the best level design of gaming in years."
76561197966070806,Recommended,403640,26676517,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,krank,"Excellent game, a worthy successor. This is a superb continuation of the storyline from the original game, so if you liked that, don't hesitate.I have an old PC, and had no problems running this.Will start my second playthrough immediately."
76561198109593335,Not Recommended,403640,28332516,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,沙力Van,"Fuok the BUG Strong Arm ,It fuoking slow the speed of paralyzing enemy . Fix it and I'll make a recommodation"
76561198031693862,Not Recommended,403640,28414503,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,oh-FANSY,"I played a little bit and honestly story and everything such as graphics and sound are below average quality. AA settings are awlful, everything looks mushy, and without AA its even worse. I can't believe reviers are giving positive reviews for this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥game. Dishonored 1 was really awesome but this one is crap. Its just that.Ai is something from 2004, guards standing like statues and talking to themselves. There is no immersion at all. I think single player games are just dying. Multiplayer games are the future."
,Recommended,403640,28827286,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,FasterThanFTL,✔
,Recommended,403640,28648902,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,EEM,the game is literally amazing.
,Recommended,403640,26533837,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Kepri,"Solid 60+ FPS the entire playthrough, loved the game, it was even more amazing than the first especially since you get to run the story through the eyes of two different playable characters that both have alot of meaning in the story, overall beautiful game!"
76561198026582353,Recommended,403640,28157136,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,formerSLO,"After the betapatch 1.3 this is becoming quite a good game. The storyline was always awesome. The poor optimisation was causing problems.Except for the high crash area in the centre of Karnaca, everything else is quite awesome.Can't wait for more patches :)"
,Not Recommended,403640,28264904,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,SPUGATTI,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fn9-Oee6-m4
,Recommended,403640,26520179,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Prince Hal,"An improvement over the typical Bethesda release, the game is playable as it stands, however could do with optimisation.story is fine, though laughable at some parts-tutorial interactions between Corvo and Emily sound like something that belongs on a daddy kink website rather than in a Steampunk fantacy game-Corvo talks to himself far too much, its painfully noticable.controls are far more fluid than the last game, though I've had a few problems using the hotbar.overall, would recomend, all issues are easily fixable in the next patch"
,Not Recommended,403640,34533424,Posted: 27 August,all,Hush,"The game suffers from numerous strange glitches including the inability to not launch in true fullscreen (which presented another problem with my 4k monitor where the game launched in the corner of my monitor), random audio cuts, massive frame rate drops, and random freezing (happened to me in the middle of combat). The game is proper decent, when overlooking these issues. I know this isn't a popular opinion amongst PC elitists, but I would much rather play this on console because it feels the engine wasn't meant for anything but the latter."
76561198323308924,Recommended,403640,26623465,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,silentscout9909,Good game with a few bugs. Very enjoyable with some new powers.
,Recommended,403640,26531463,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,breakbeatzen,I have no frame rate issuesMax Settings2560x1600EVGA GTX 980 Tii6700K16 Gb  RAM60 FPSGame has been awesome so far.
76561198026153592,Recommended,403640,26594008,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Yrth,"As others have noted there are occasional glitches in the graphics - low frame rate and such.  However they are seldom, and to condemn a game outright for an issue that's liable to be fixed in the first patch is idiotic.  There aren't any SYSTEMATIC problems - just fine tuning.  I say that up front to just get it out of the way.Beyond that, there aren't any issues to speak of.  As games go these days, getting one with so FEW issues is kind of like a cool breeze on a hot day.  You just wish it would last forever.  Kudos to Arkane for not spinning out under the pressure.  Good job, guys.  Predictably, the 'serious' gamers who think lots of power is a panacea are whining that doesn't play like a rigged demo at top resolution.  Suck it up, princesses.  I don't even have to liquid-cool this thing and the game works fine.There are a number of puzzles.  I'm still working on some of the solutions, but some of them are positively fiendish.  Of course, if you've played Dishonored, you're familiar with this.  It's one of the game's draws. What's even better is it still PLAYS like Dishonored.  So many times original games get a sequel and the entire feel of the game goes sideways.  This is Dishonored, alright.  A few new things, a few fixed bad old things, a stack of new content and story-lines, but there's no mistaking the game.  Thanks for that, Arkane.  What worried me most was that I was paying for something that would turn out to be other than what I bought - like paying for a new watch and finding out it looks almost exactly like a sauce pan.There are a few things that I still don't care for much , but they've always been part of Dishonored, so it's part of the feel of the game. I've come to regard them as bonus challenges, so if you want to do it the hard way, it's REALLY hard.  It's things like that that kept me coming back to the original.  It doesn't matter how many times you've played, there is always something else.I dare not say much more for fear of spoilers, but if you liked the original - buy this.  If you didn't play the original - buy this anyway.  You'll doubtless find yourself picking up the original, too.  If you didn't like the original, well, there's no accounting for bad taste."
76561198082327108,Recommended,403640,26567729,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Battlegamer54,i Know the game has had pc issues but the game ran fine for me anywy the game is great better than the first in my opinion graphics are great gameplay is great with 2 characters I recomend this game just be sure you have a good pc
76561198032685706,Recommended,403640,26682914,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Obsidian Gryphon,"I'm fortunate I had a smooth experience. The game is excellent. Plays almost the same as Dishonored I but better. I haven't explored all the variations of combat in my first plathrough as Emily on low chaos as I wanted to find out what the story is about. I'm looking forward to exploring those in the second PT, again as Emily since I like this character.There's one aspect of the game that could use some improvement. Whenever I tried to target something that's long range and below, Emily's right hand with the sword blocks the view. I can never tell whether I have acquired the target. It's mostly guesswork as I watched the flicker of the long reach beam. Most of the time, it's a fail and I have to reload."
76561198160015581,Recommended,403640,26754050,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Ẕ.ωΘlƒ,"I have no idea why your games aren't working, but mine works just fine. The game is beautiful non the less staggering how they brought the amazing story of the first game into the second."
,Recommended,403640,26650294,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Uzen,10/10
76561198049638242,Recommended,403640,26523112,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Proxidist,It runs fine for me lol
,Recommended,403640,26518439,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,neverlivetosee,"So far I just put a few hours into the game and I play it really slow. I like to explore and so far it looks like Dishonored 2 gives me the opportunity to do that. I can't say how good it is cause like I said, Im playing it really slow, but I like the game so far. I'm with Emily cause I wanted to explore the new powers but so far I just got a few of them. I don't really feel that they put too much extra gameplay mechanic to the game, so far everything is the same, except it runs way smoother (though choking from the front is really usefull).Also I don't really have any technical issues with the game, though in the loading screen i  experienced serious fps drops, why there?Anywho, I will update this as soon as I beat the game.Recommended?Yes, if you have a newer rig to run it properly. If not, wait for a performance patch."
76561198318337286,Recommended,403640,26701059,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,AnimalMother,Love the game. Much more creative and interesting than the first game.
76561198050541116,Recommended,403640,26542795,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,infideltfo,"Game allows you to play non-lethal stealth without a magic and it's much harder than non-lethal stealth in Deus Ex. Enemies are tracking you and it's not enough to just run away and wait in a dark - they will come and you will press F9. Some cases cannot be solved without luring enemies to a trap with a noise. Sometimes you have to listen for footstep directions, because looking with Q and A buttons is not safe.As for plot I don't feel myself solving some mystery or seeking for a revenge (just first few minutes during the first mission). Just moving forward from point A to point B. Deus Ex was much more engaging.Bugs: not seen. Just one issue: I have no idea how to equip ""heart"" (game asks for it every time I am near runes or other staff). I've seen it only once: during first void trip, where I rejected the mark. Controls have not key for it.Generaly game is nice with excelent art work and creepy blood flies (realy scarry). If your have decent hardware - give it a try."
76561198000315155,Recommended,403640,26614228,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Lunae,"Everyone is giving this game a lot of crap at the moment because of framerate problems, but I had no problems running it on ultra with good FPS, albeit on a lower resolution than some are trying (1600x900). The graphics are really stunning, I dont understand all the fuss.That being said, if you enjoy the gameplay of the first game and if you enjoyed scouring the world for information, eavesdropping on the NPC chatter and exploring every nook, you will love this game so much. They took everything we loved about the original, improved on it and added more stuff that just makes the game amazing. There is so much replay value, so many options and routes you can take. I really enjoyed it, 10/10. My only complaint is that it's not longer."
76561197970429767,Recommended,403640,26757275,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,*Gen*HeroCrusher,Steady 60 FPS with vsync at 3440 x 1440 resolution.Combat is challenging but enjoyable!Happy with the purchase so far.i7 4790k / 980TI / SSD / 16 GB RAM / 375.95 video drivers
76561198039544278,Recommended,403640,26568790,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Jack Napier,Great game story and gameplay. Also my game is running fine with no frame rate issues using ultra graphics.
76561198055837109,Recommended,403640,26511317,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,ThroneX,"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RuSr83ILdRQThe game is very good, nice atmosphere, good gameplay, decent graphics.___________________________+ The atmosphere in this game is really good and amazing. (Stay in the night and listen all the sounds in any location)+ Good optimized. (I played very well on my GTX980 | over 40+ FPS)+ The gamplay is good but the stealth system is little bad.+ The story is nice.+ The Art and Design of the world is beautiful.___________________________- Stealth system is little bad.___________________________Rating:► Story - 90► Gameplay - 85► Graphics - 85► Sounds - 100► My note - 90___________________________Note: 90/100-------------------------------------------http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=796702708"
,Recommended,403640,26597236,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,nikklenikkle,Havn't had any game breaking problems. Some frame drops but nothing that takes away from the overall frustation. Amazing game with a better story! Def worth a buy and if you loved the orginal and don't mind some annoyances then you will love this. They improve on everthing from the orginal but don't change anything to drastic.
76561198253185516,Recommended,403640,26595242,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,yousef,a very addictive game even better than the first one and working high settings with no problems on gtx1060 .
76561197975436638,Recommended,403640,26595322,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,D3ηŁση,"Yes it's poorly optimised, yes it takes a beast of a pc and some tweaking to get a solid(ish) 60 fps. But that said it has some of the finest level design Ive ever seen in over 30 years of gaming. If they patch it to run properly this is a masterpiece, if not then this a more of a wasted oppurtunity than mafia and human revolution put together."
76561197983296903,Recommended,403640,26528135,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Prothvar,CPU: Intel Core i5 4670K @ 3.40GHzRam: 2x 8.00GB Single-Channel DDR3 @ 800MHzMobo: MSI B85-G41 PC Mate(MS-7850Gfx: 4095MB NVIDIA GeForce GTX 770 (PNY)Been lucky and have no real problem i mean it crashed once before loading but other than tahat no real problem.
76561198237283412,Not Recommended,403640,32772410,Posted: 25 June,all,mlgspiderpigxxx,"Still unplayable, spent 2 hours trying to find a fix, none of them worked."
,Not Recommended,403640,28911313,Posted: 1 January,all,inasuma,"Runs badly on PC. Not worth playing yet. - Jan 1, 2017"
76561198084921207,Not Recommended,403640,28689156,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,hemorrhoidhurts,"This will be more relevant to people with modest hardware;here are my specs for reference:OS: Windows 8.1 64-bitGPU: Nvidia GTX 860MCPU: Intel Core i7-4710HQ @ 2.50GHzRAM: 8.0 GBI'm pretty disappointed in this game's performance after playing the original Dishonored at a silky smooth 1080p@60fps on high settings. I purchased D2 on Christmas day, hoping that the recent patches had fixed the performance issues a lot of people were reporting. Sadly, I've spent more time tweaking the game settings and my graphics drivers than I've spent playing it. I've tried four different versions of my GPU's firmware and scoured the internet for tweaks and fixes to no avail. Although I can get a somewhat consistent framerate if I cap it at 30fps (sacrilege, I know), it feels really sluggish and doesn't look as good as its predecessor despite coming out four years later. Only way I could get a smooth-ish framerate in Karnaca was by changing my resolution to 720p or lower @ low/very low settings. Ugly as sin.If you have a mid-range machine like I do and haven't played the original Dishonored, you can cop it for $10 with all of the DLC right now. As much as I want to play D2, I'm going to get a refund and stick to replays of D1 until things get better.D2 runs half as well and looks half as good as D1 on my hardware while costing four times as much. Not worth it IMO."
76561198238929510,Not Recommended,403640,28897126,Posted: 1 January,all,titusfirero,Maan I was really excited for this game. Won't even start.
,Not Recommended,403640,33538269,Posted: 14 July,all,Big Smoke,I dont recommend this game because i think the game is boring and the first one was alot better
,Recommended,403640,32695839,Posted: 23 June,all,Hamood,uhhhhh can I get a boneless pizza
,Recommended,403640,29330848,Posted: 17 January,all,UrdnotHawke,"Played 60 or so hours of this game and found it to be one of the best games I've ever played. Experienced crashing issues but updated my drivers and everything is fine. As far as the game goes, it builds upon the first very well. New powers, 2 playable characters. Ties and refences from characters you may remember from the first, and gorgeous level design. The only issue I had is that it doesnt really matter what you did in the first game because the choices being played off of are predetermined to create a new story. Overall, its a 9/10 game and worth the time and money."
76561198090098385,Not Recommended,403640,34669237,Posted: 1 September,all,DENDI,"Well, 970 can only run this game in low quality at about 25FPS?"
,Recommended,403640,26518461,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Zurv,"So far so good. The game is running well. (i'm playing 4k @ 60fps).What a richly created world. If you like to sneak around, search every room, read all the books. Get this. There are always multi ways to get to were you need to go too.If you don't meet the recommended specs - don't expect the game to run well.https://youtu.be/-An29-Ip5KQ"
76561198069076478,Recommended,403640,26548467,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Bev181,"Game has been fun so far, have not had one performance issue yet"
,Recommended,403640,26571854,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,APPLEMASTER,"i love Dishonored , i even finished the first game almost 6 times . Of course i was looking forward to the sequel ! Preordered it and goddamn i love this game already . Only problem is , the performance . Even though i have only 4GB RAM , i still can play other 8GB RAM games without a lot of lag . Haven't been playing much of D2 cause i cant enjoy the full of it with the lag . I have a♥♥♥♥♥♥laptop (getting a new one soon) but i know this game is big , and i just cant give it a thumbs down . Please fix this , thanks . <3"
,Recommended,403640,26577231,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,TheMasterWiener,"AlrightyDishonored 2♥♥♥♥ Clockwork robots0/10 IGN;)Just finished my first playthrough of the game as emily non-lethal, ghost.Gameplay: Some missions were great, some got me a little angry but that was just me screaming at a clockwork robot to drop dead.Optimization: They're gonna fix it calm your♥♥♥♥♥♥ Only had three problems with the framerate ♥♥♥♥ ups; Very start, escaping the starting mission, and the final-ish boss room. Other than that smoooooth riding.I give it a 9/10.(spoilerz)Story time(two stories b cuz am nic gui):There is a mission were you get a time device to work your way through a spooky mansion.I made it through about 20% of the mission all while my volume was cranked up with no lights besides my moniter when suddenly my phone blared techno music through my ear buds(blue tooth was still hooked up).Needless to say I screamed louder than a hog in a slaughter house.storeh #2Prior to entering the spooky mansion here is a hard enigma that you CAN do without any help or you can side with the overseers/gangsters who will help you find a way in/give you the code. I did not know that last part.I spent three hours (in real life ) trying to figure out this enigma. I asked my whole friends list for help and we still struggled.♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥in a can was not fun while listening to six other ninerteen year old men shouting at eachother over a video game riddle.10/10 would yell about a ♥♥♥♥♥s' red hat again."
76561198119295199,Recommended,403640,26607219,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,eV0lUt10N,"With priority set to realtime the games runs at 100 fps maxed out! And it's a good game, from what I can see"
76561198090092422,Recommended,403640,26552719,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,HEY BROTHER,PC SpecsCPU - i5 6600k 3.9 GHz.GPU - EVGA 980ti SCMB - GIGA z170 sli.RAM - G.Skill Ripjawsv red 2x8gb ddr4 2400mhzNo issues at all.So far this game is awesomeVery enjoyable
76561198032023737,Recommended,403640,26665110,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,DevilSpeed,"Disclaimer: I have not yet completed the game, but I think I am more than half-way through, and have seen enough to easily qualify this game as a masterpiece with some kinks that can and should be ironed out in early patches.Negative:- Framerate is a much discussed controversy with this release, and rightfully so. For me it was noticable at times but not so bad, though supposedly others can have pretty bad performance.- Due to the above, the game feels a bit unresponsive and sluggish, which is really bad for a skill-based game like this. I needed to set my sensitivity very high to feel like i could be more mobile.- The several warnings and logos at the beginning of the game are unskippable, which I personally find annoying.- The quick access-wheel is not so quick anymore. In Dishonored (1) changing weapon or power could be done blistering fast which was an important aspect to high-level gameplay, now the wheel takes like half a second to load. This might be my biggest grief with the game, since it can feel very disruptive to the gameplay, escpesically on high chaos.- The outsider has changed so much in all regards, that it dont feel like the same guy. I dont understand this, everyone else we knew from Dishonored (1) are more clearly maintained and feels consistent. This is a bit nitpicky though.-EDIT: Why the hell; when loading a savepoint, have they chosen ENTER to continue into the game? When you are working on a hard bit of a level, you find yourself loading alot, and you want it to feel fast. But while you have your hands on the mouse and the WASD-keys the game asks you to press ENTER?? Why not SPACE?! But whatever, its usually a console->PC port issue...Positive:- Consept, lore, atmosphere, tension, level design and game mechanics are just some of the factors that make this game a piece of art.- The mission ""A Crack in the Slab"" might be one of the best gaming levels amongst all games in all history of gaming. Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ So tense and interesting. Mind blown...- Except the issue with the quick-wheel, all the things that made you love Dishonored (1) are still here and for the most part in a better and perfected form. The game feels solid and well-thought-out, and it is certainly not just an easy cash-in on a previously successful title, like so many other publishers do. *coff* Assassins creed *coff*...- This game is very challenging on both a skill and intelectual level. Low-chaos playthroughs are so involving and intricate now, which together with the superb atmosphere and ambience makes for a truly otherworldly experience!All things considered this game makes it straight in to my top-10 list of all time! This assumes some upcoming patches to fix or at least improve on some of the performance issues though...EDIT: And just as I posted this I saw that the first patch is already beeing rolled out now, focusing on performance and mouse code! Jolly good, as it should be:)"
76561197970319737,Recommended,403640,26755437,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,chefpignons,"My review is 9/10, the gameplay is fantastic !!!if you forgot the performance problem at the beginning, with version 1.2, I finish the game without too much technical problem"
,Recommended,403640,26994279,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,500 SKELETONS...,"The PC release for Dishonored 2 was garbage. We all know this. It's unfortunate, and thankfully Arkane is aware and actively trying to fix this. This review will not be talking about the garbage PC release, this review will be discussing the game itself. I refuse to doc points for an issue that has nothing to do with the product as intended. I played Dragon Age: Inquisition at a literal 5 frames per second, with dialouge constantly freezeing, stuttering, and repeating itself. All on a laptop that cost me $200 and was 4 years old at the time. It was not what Bioware intended at all, and I loved the game regardless.So - needless to say, I'm not very picky, and I enjoy suffering. (I do - however - recognize that while DA:I wasn't truly broken, Dishonored 2 is. I have a computer that is within the reccommended specs and yet it crashes, without fail, before the Bethesda spash screen, and therefore I had to commendeer a computer belonging to a family member that would Actually Run The ♥♥♥♥ing Game, Thank You Very Much.)SO, for those of us lucky souls that can actually run the game, here is my review:Dishonored 2 took everything that I loved about the first game, and everything I didn't love (like, at all. I'm looking at you, Delilah's Coven) and made it better. My playstyle for Dishonored is non-lethal, adaptave stealth (meaning that when♥♥♥♥♥♥hits the fan, as it often does for me- because I am bad at video games, I run and get up to the nearest point where the enimes won't care about me anymore). Throught my run of Dishonored 1, this meant a lot of sitting and watching, learning guard movements, abusing Dark Vision, and hoarding sleep darts. It was a painful process, seeing as how I have little paitence, and the atmosphere of the game always sucked me in, putting me on edge, making me one jumpy ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.It doesn't help that I spook easily.Dishonored 1 showed us a world with rich, lush lore, an intriguing story, and poor Corvo, who literally didn't deserve any of this. Dishonored 1 gave us a strange, slightly evil, but mostly neutral deity. Dishonored 1 gave us a lot of things, and I'm going to assume you know the rest of the super cool♥♥♥♥♥♥Dishonored 1 gave us, and get on with it.Dishonored 2 keeps with its theme of ""Play your way"" - to the point of giving us the ultimate option of choosing our protagonist, and even choosing if we want to go with supernatural powers or not. (My utmost respect to those who have already done Clean Hands and Ghost runs without powers - you're all heros.)Speaking of powers, DH2 gives us even more powers, in the for both Corvo and Emily. I have yet to do a run with Emily, (a shame, I know, mostly because I'm still exploring with Corvo) but let me just say, I am extrememly excited to see what shenanigains I'll be getting into with her powers.Bonecharms and runes are craftable items now, after purchasing the ""crafting"" abilitiy from the Ehnancements section of the Powers tab, and while I didn't much experiment with crafting runes, I did make the most of the bonecharm crafting, and found myself enjoying it quite a lot, espically the new, rare black and corruped bonecharms that you can find scattered about the world.More new things in DH2 include: non-lethal weapons and combat mechanics, enemies, bloodflies, and the Outsider's voice.I found myself so, so happy to find that there's now the ability to non-lethally dispatch guards during a swordfight, once you block them and get them off balance, you punch them in the throat and choke them out, which, Ow, but hey, it's better than death. In DH1 you were allowed 10 sleep darts, and I found myself disappointed that in DH2 we're only given a maximum of 5, but then I quickly got over it after finding the new Howling and Stinging bolts, which blind and cause enemies to flee and forget, respectively.Drop assassination now also has a non-lethal counterpart as well. Actually, everything I can think of has a non-lethal counterpart now, which is fantastic.New enemies include Clockwork Soldiers and Elite Guards, both make you rethink your strategies that might've worked on your regualar enemies. Both are satisfying to take down. Bloodflies are gross, and really annoying, and as Corvo I find the best way to deal with them is to just blink past them. However, setting them on fire is good too. Also, much more satisfying. (Burn, you ♥♥♥♥♥♥ bugs!)The Outsider has a new voice actor, and I found myself to be very... saddened by it. I loved the voice actor in the first game. But as I played on in DH2 I grew to really, really enjoy this new side of the Outsider. This new voice, these new mannerisims. He gets up in your space, chastises you, and genuinely feels like the 15-year-old turned Void-God he's supposed to be. Human emotions, inhuman perception. A lot of people hate it, I respect that, but I also feel that maybe, just maybe, it's because they turned their noses up too quick. (Or, they genuinely dislike it and that's a totally valid opinion! I can respect that. I thought Lush was really good as the outsider too, I just happen to feel that Taylor rocks it as well.)I love, love, loved this game. I love a lot of things about this game. I love the characters, I love that this game made me cry, made me feel for these characters. I love that we got more context on the Outsider, saw a deeper part of him. I love that this game is fun as all hell, the controls feel good, everything about this game just Feels Good.There is, however, one thing that I hate.I hate that it's so short.That, however, is proabably a good thing. That this game makes me want more, makes me crave more.Replay value for Dishonored 2 is very high, even for someone like me who has a hard time rereading books, or rewatching movies because I already know the ending, and I get bored with it.TL;DR:Dishonored 2 is my personal GOTY, and I give it a 9.5/10. The half-point is docked because, while I love it, I felt some aspects of the story were a bit rushed. (I'm looking at you, introduction sequence. I'm looking at you.)"
76561197990785685,Recommended,403640,26514490,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,MattSch21,"gtx980 Ti 1080p everything on ultra solid 60 fps with nvidia fast sync on, though I had 1 crash shortly after an autosave. Gameplay wise its great, an evolution of the first game. The elimination animations are goregous."
,Recommended,403640,26561622,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Dibza,"The game is really good, the frame dips people keep talking about are because the game boots as a low priority, just change that in task manager and it runs fine. If you liked 1 you'll love 2 :)"
,Recommended,403640,26582047,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,blixsauce,"Having completed the game, I have to say that it is incredibly short for a €60 AAA game. I've read almost every letter and book I found and explored pretty much everything, including different paths. Still, the game only lasted me 12 hour play time (it tells you ingame, steam hours isn't actual playtime). On top if that the optimization is... okay... I have not had any of the massive FPS drops that some other people are reporting. I did however have some drops while looking at certain objects, for example a boat in a glass cage the FPS would jump from 60 all the way down to 25-30. Weird.Pro's:-Lots of different ways to complete objectives.-Very cool mechanics.-Emily's skills are a nice breath of fresh air from Corvo's abilities. For example the blink, if you jump right before you blink, you launch yourself in the air. This has also killed me numerous times though...-Very well crafted levels with lots of secrets. The clockwork level is just awesome.-Voice acting is exellent.Con's:-Short. If you rush it in the slightest you'll be done before you hit the 10 hour mark.-Lots of places to get stuck with blink. You can always blink out of it but still. Annoying.-The game is rather slow in letting you assassinate NPC's stealthly, when you blink to a NPC you have to wait a second before the game lets you stealth kill them.-Story was kind of lackluster.-Later levels become very easy with all the powers. Would've liked better/stronger enemies in late game.-Optimization is rather poor.All in all, it is a very fun game with an okay story and in pretty much every aspect a upgrade from the first one.8.3/10.Setup:3440x1440 resolutionAuto - Very High/Ultra with TXAA x1i7 2600k@4.5GHzMSI GTX 108032GB Ram55-60FPS with rare drops to 30ish"
76561198060133104,Recommended,403640,26609578,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,FloofDePoof,"So far this is a great game,alot more challenging than the first.Also for you guys who have framerate issues i recommend that you do not return the game because bethesda is releasing a patch within the next week or two to help fix it,on the other hand if you are like me.you can run it at 60 fps no problem.SPECS:cpu:amd fx 8320gpu:nvidia msi gtx 960 4gbram:16 gbIt seems to run fine for me like most games but some of you have over kill pc's which dont always make a game better.sometimes they make them alot worse"
,Recommended,403640,26652601,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,A Thoughtful Fork,"People! I don't know what you did, but this works wonderfully on my not-so-good computer.A quick fix that (maybe) will help you.1. Open the game.2. Open task manager.3. Go in the details tab ( the sixth on win10 ).4. Right click on Dishonored 2 and set the priority to high.Mine was low when I first launched the game, the first loading took 20 minutes. Then after this it worked perfectly fine.LIKE THIS GODDAMN MESSAGE SO PEOPLE WILL STOP COMPLAINING! THIS GAME IS ♥♥♥♥ING AWESOME IT'S A SHAME PEOPLE SAYS IT'S WORKING LIKE HELL!I think this is exactly what everybody wanted from this sequel. Arkane studios is to be watched closely in the years to come because I think they figured out how to make games. Will surely buy Prey when it comes out!"
76561198168583416,Recommended,403640,26652783,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,aarayyis1,"I have an average gaming PC (GTX970, Asus z170 pro, 16gb RAM, decent SSD) and I've been playing on ultra graphics for 6 missions with no issues whatsoever. I don't know what everyone's talking about.As for the game itself, I cannot give my full opinion right now, but so far I'm really impressed. Gorgeous graphics and  exceeds the first game in terms of AI, the complex world, the atmosphere. Everything amazing so far, but there are a few minor issues I hope are addressed:1- I sometimes get the wrong item from the action wheel when choosing2- I am occasionally detected through solid walls or even cealings even while perfectly stillAll in all, I highly recommend this game."
,Recommended,403640,26663944,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,ToXS,"I enjoyed playing this game. It has a decent story explaining why you are sneaking around taking people out. Some of the non-lethal solutions for the assassination targets are crueler than just killing them, yet just. Enemies seem to be able to spot you from over the horizon but the default difficulty was too easy. If there is going to be a Dishonored 3, I’ll buy it. I wouldn’t have written a review except that I am amazed at the number of complaints about performance.So, my performance issues story follows. My PC met the recommended specs except for my graphics card. I had a R9 280X which did not meet the minimum specs. That card allowed me to play most of the games in my library on ultra or very high settings so I figured I could get by. With settings set at very low the game was mostly playable. It had mouse problems that were very frustrating in combat. The game got unstable and I had to save, then restart the game to keep playing. You can insert most of the performance complaints from the negative reviews here. I then bought an RX480 (the recommended AMD card). The settings defaulted to high and I had no problem finishing the game. All my junk is AMD, there are 5 NVidia employees listed in the credits before the voice actors and I had no problem finishing the game."
76561198047909180,Recommended,403640,26664051,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,DarkMatter,"Patched! Brilliant 9/10Public Patch is alright. Runs kinda slow maxed the crap out as too be expe3xctedknock out the entire vilklage, kill entire viullageU decideOnly 40 FPS maxed out 4K  :(   Jindosh won't talk any more in his sleep death.Must have it on a fast (as in defragmented 100MB/s+ read speeds or an SSD) drive with lots of free space, like some online games. Turn up DPI on mouse.The game runs fine at Ultra on High End systems, looks fantastic, has great stealth gameplay and a good story as well. Dishonored 2 was built from the ground up for PC with a new customised engine by an excellent team of PC gamers.You can turn OFF Adaptive Resolution and set it to QUALITY.Lower the resolution if you have a low amount of VRAM. Works on 2GB VRAM systems now (apparently, though I would expect at Low settings maybe)."
76561198170938834,Recommended,403640,26703936,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,monsterkind,"I just finished my non-lethal / full-stealth play-through, and I have to say I absolutely loved playing it! It was nice being able to take on the role of Emily and have a different point of view, and use different powers - I look forward to seeing things from Corvo's side on my next play-through.The story itself is enjoyable to me, and I think it blends into the original setup well.In some missions, the 'alternative' route isn't so obvious so that's a nice aspect. The environments are also really nice; some areas are truly wonderful to explore and you really have to keep an eye out for the sweet loot. The concept of The Void and The Outsider is also expanded a bit - the in-game world generally feels larger after adding this game to the first.Personally, I have had NO performance issues, so I can't really comment on any of that. No problems with framerates, lag or controls, or anything, so I'm not sure what's going on for other people there, but I hope it can be sorted out because this is a really fun game to play."
76561198094758104,Recommended,403640,26728252,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,crimewave,"maybe im just lucky, maybe people are just super picky, either way the game hasnt crashed once, and yeah very occasionally the fps goes to around 48 for a few seconds here and there. Which IMO is completely playable. I am running the betapatch but even before that it was running the same. Gameplay has been pretty damn good so far, story has been alright so far, I havent gone that far in...well ive spent 14.9 hours walking around in the crouched position collecting literally everything in each mission so far, so im taking my time. but yeah, so far the story has been alright, not super engaging but not bad, i expect it to pick up soon.I run the game on the very high settings. i keep forgetting to switch to ultra just to see if my pc can do it. probably can because from what i understand there isnt that much difference.tldr: i recommend getting the game. it runs perfectly fine for me, usually at 70+ fps with not a single crash yet. (just watch after this im gonna get all the issues.)my specs are:gtx 970i7 4790k16gb ddr3and an ssd.so what i believe is currently a mid-high end pc, idk anymore i havnt kept up with pc hardware since the 970 came out.also I love how they have made it so you can choke people in combat. only problem i have with it is, if youre choking someone and you get attacked they die which counts as you killing them, thus not a pacifist playthrough."
76561197973022623,Recommended,403640,27789783,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,quitomax,"I mean what can I say... You feel like a friking ninja while playing this game, of course i recommend it"
,Recommended,403640,26512643,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,zombi anon,"first off it TURN OFF HBAO for if you have frame drops. (not saying it'ill work but for every one i know it has).dishonered 2 looks beutiful as ♥♥♥♥ and stays true to the old game story style, if you liked the dishonored 1 you'll most likly like this one. The two diffrent skillsets of corvo and emily are fun to play around with."
76561197997106078,Recommended,403640,26530959,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Haynotchy,"""Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥this actually worked! Running everything on Ultra on my 970M with a i7-6700K. Buttery smooth ~90 FPS constant. Was basically unplayable before this.What you gotta do: Download Process Lasso, designate Dishonored2.exe as a gaming process, go to NVIDIA Control Panel, go to Manage 3D Settings, go to Program Settings and for dishonored2.exe, change Man pre-rendered frames to 1 and also change Virtual Reality pre-rendered frames to 2. Turn off VSYNC and God Rays in-game. Turn up all textures/models/environments to Very High or Ultra. ENJOY.Granted, this is a ridiculous workaround for a $60 PC title that should've been optimized properly in the first place, but if you're itching for whiskey and cigars like me, hope this helps you out."" - Credit to Steam User: Axe Raider"
76561197970752300,Recommended,403640,26578458,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Vaultboy101,"Its a great game and another beautiful game from Arkane. I accept that there are some major optimazations to be made but the game is a work of art. Really amazing. Go for it. Great sequel to the first one so far. Arkane and Nvidia and AMD will iron out the poor performance. My performance was okay and im running an Intel i5 4690k CPU, 16GB RAM with AMD Radeon RX480 8GB.But of course im sure it can be better than this over time. I managed to get a mix of very high and high settings to give a solid framerate."
,Recommended,403640,26603085,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,WaterBoyGaming,"Runs great for me with only slight stuttering. 1080p high graphics at 50-60 fps. CPU: AMD FX-6300, GPU: GTX 970, 8gbs of  ddr3 crutial MemoryNote: It does drop to around 30-40fps in largly detailed areas such as Karnaka"
76561198060787984,Recommended,403640,26603349,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Black Espionage,"Awesome new powers, played as Emily Kaldwin, lots of different ways to play it however it would be nice if we were allowed to replay the game without resetting the powers as the same happened for both part 1 and 2 i.e. we were not able to master all the skills... Nonetheless awesome game that is worth buying.Awesome/Fun areas:Lots of new skills (Emily Kaldwin)New gadgets (Stun mine, Howler bolts etc)Enhanced graphicsLonger game playFlaws:Fell through the earth once by accidentFree floated around once when I used Far reachUnable to master all skills"
,Recommended,403640,26606467,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Dork,"First. The game is short (around 8h for me, and I was slow). But like the first one it has a great replayability!The gameplay is insanely satisfying and feels rewarding. Like the first oneNot running perfectly that's true (for now) but beautifull as ever!Very nice story!I recommend it strongly; for me it's already a classic for stealth games"
,Recommended,403640,26624324,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Curtisonetwo,"Absolutely amazing, a great sequel to a great game. I highly reccomend the performance issues are annoying, but they should be patched soon so no worries there, Dishonored 1 ran amazing to say the least I expect once they polish this one It will do so aswell."
76561198273509545,Recommended,403640,26625008,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,_14Mx0rD,"Patch is coming any second now, many patches are already streamlined... GO FOR IT.Is unacceptable for a game to be this incompatible on launch, but moist system specific issues are worked out.Just remember, Fallout 4 started out (almost) this bad out the gate as well.It's has gone from unbearable to playable, to enjoyable since pre-launch. Incoming patch will fix the performance issue bit not feelings apparently...I have about 5 hours good play in. Regret pre-ordering, but not buying."
76561197970886599,Recommended,403640,26608602,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Snarke,"As many of the reviews on this page indicate, clearly people are having performance options. I seemed to have been one of the lucky ones, as I decided to give it a try and haven't run into any issues in my few hours of play.As for the game itself?  The levels are large and intricate, with many options and hidden paths for approaching a given situation. That being said, it isn't breaking the mold set by the original either. It seems to be more of the same, but whether that is good or bad will depend on how much you enjoyed the original. For now I feel that, performance aside, I'd easily give this game a strong recommendation.If you are still on the fence, wait for patches to clear up the issues that people are experiencing. Or perhaps you might take a gamble and see if it runs well for you. Remember that steam does offer refunds if you find it not to your liking."
76561198093536326,Recommended,403640,26608245,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,LemonSnax,"Dishonored 2 is a lot like dishonored in playstyle in that the only real limit is how you feel like playing. Want to sneak around everyone and only interact with the main target? Go right ahead. Wanna barrel through each level slaughtering the hapless guards you run into? Perfectly acceptable. That being said, the game isnt perfect. On PC it has a few framerate issues and the motion blur can be a tad distracting. Overall, Dishonored 2 definitely lives up to the fame of Dishonored. It has expansive levels with great narrative and limitless gameplay. This game takes all the great parts about Dishonored and throws in even more."
,Recommended,403640,26608178,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,crabeeee,"Very good game, just as the first part.  Not complicated or twisted, but still good story in the fancy world. Excellent art and level design, like in the first game, but graphically it looks wa-ay better. There are some good gameplay finds, especially that mission with time traveling, but basically all remained the same as in the first part - all the good things many people have loved.Seems like I'm gonna play this game again and again. Especially since there are two charaters with different skills.About PC version troubles: a had some problems with frame rate at the beginning of the game, but when I had changed graphics settings a bit and had been playing for hour or two things became may be not really good, but game was absolutely playable and enjoyable. I played on Very Hight-Ultra settings. My build is asus gtx970 and i7 4790K."
76561198062814190,Recommended,403640,26556121,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Spiderpop,"Performance isn't great, but the game itself is fantastic. One of the best games of the year for sure."
76561198049734195,Not Recommended,403640,33666042,Posted: 19 July,all,Frodo Baggins,"As a fairly big fan of the first game, I cannot recommend this game, I played 4 hours of it and I had to force myself to play them. I played the demo and enjoyed it but felt it was rushing me, thinking maybe the full game would be different, I bought the full game on sale. The game still feels like its rushing you. Thats one bad thing, the story is also not very good (so far) mind you, I have only played 4 hours but I think the fact that you can play two different characters kind of watered down the story, I feel nothing driving me to play the game. The game also lacks the charn if the first. The combat is fun and the graphics and sound is nice. I would recommend playing the demo if you're thinking of buying the game"
,Recommended,403640,26693527,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Crazy,"First of all, if you liked the predecessor of Dishonored 2 and it's playstyle you will definetly have a good time in this prequel. The story is alright and the game itself pretty fun. You will encounter two playable characters who are Corvo Attano with the powers that we already know from Dishonored and his daughter Emiliy Kaldwin with new powers.My first playthrough was with Corvo, still prety fun but got slightly boring towards the end. This playtrough was just for fun and to experience the story, but now i started my second playthrough with Emily in which my goal was to finish with:Low ChaosFull Stealth, never to be seenZero killsOn the second playthrough a lot of bugs were to be seen, making some achievements unreachable.The slight problem there is, that when you get into the fifths mission you get a way to disable the main character to non-lethaly finish this mission- slight problem:If you activate the machine, 1-3 bad guys randomly die.I noticed this and decided, because i used my equipment to knock-out every enemy there is, to put them into the room with the machine, quicksave again, and see which of them die. Quicklyyy noticed the same witches turning dead and into a pool of blood without me doing anything. Like a killswitch from the game.♥♥♥♥♥♥like that needs to be fixed quickly, and shouldnt go unnoticed in playtesting."
,Recommended,403640,27338482,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,zany,pretty neato
,Recommended,403640,31926715,Posted: 23 May,all,:(){ :|: & };:,Good♥♥♥♥♥♥good♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198028749413,Recommended,403640,26564528,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,technoboy21,"Although reading plenty of bad reviews, I couldn’t resist myself and bought this game.My rig is mediocre – i5 4690/GTX 970/8GB RAM. Most settings at the moment are ultra (besides shadows and view distance) with all extras ON.Yeah, some areas definitely not get me 60 FPS, however, to be honest, the game runs still pretty well (40 FPS at some points are OK). Seems my standards are a bit lower that others’.Game itself is amazing and truly fun. I do hope it to be patched to get clean 60 FPS, however, people who liked the first one (not only), should buy it anyhow. Recommended!"
,Recommended,403640,26595007,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Gwynbleidd,"Performance issues aside, the game is brilliant. A strong contender for GoTY"
,Recommended,403640,26565023,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,ZZZZZZZZ,"This is a worthy sequel to the first game. More of the same, but with enough new stuff to keep it interesting. Having the option to play as two different characters and alter your playing style gives the game added longevity. My only gripe about the story is that Emily's character is a little bland and forgettable.As for performance, I have played it on two different rigs and found it perfectly playable on both. The first was a system that exceeded recommended requirements (see below) and I virtually no problems maintaining 60fps at the settings below. A couple of times, the game crashed to desktop when switching Dark Vision on and off and on again very quickly, but apart from that, very stable.The second rig I tested it on barely met mimnimum requirements (i5 4670k, GeForce 760 and 8gb of RAM). Obviously, I had to switch the settings to low and reduce the resolution to 1200 x 800, but after half an hour or so, I barely even noticed the downgrade in graphics. The game was still fun and very playable.GPU: nVidia Geforce 980tiCPU: Intel i7 Intel Core i7 5820K running @ 3.40GHz (OC)RAM: 32gbOS: Windows 10Drivers: nVidia Game Ready 375.70Game settings:Anti-aliasing TXAA: 1xBloodfly Shadows: OnBloom: OnDecal Quality: HighDepth of Field: OnDisplay Mode: Full ScreenEnvironment Details: Very HighFog Quality: UltraGod Rays: OnModel Details: UltraRat Shadows: OnResolution: 1920 x 1080Shadow Quality: Very HighTexture Details: UltraView Distance: Very HighVolumetric Lighting: OnnVidia Multi-Frame Sampled Anti-Aliasing: Off"
76561198271954943,Recommended,403640,26564753,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,J.,ive watched some gameplay and it looks like and amazing game unfortunately however i cant start it up due to my crap♥♥♥♥♥computer
,Recommended,403640,26595037,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,The Bartender,"I have been a very big fan of the Dishonored game since it came out. Allowing players to take multiple different styles of play to the maps and levels that they had made. So when Dishonored 2 was announced I was hyped, but after seeing the reviews I thought this game was gonna be just a crappy cash grab. And to be honest I'm disappointed in all these bad reviews.I do have to acknowledge the fact that there are some big issues with framerate and optimization . In fact I had instances of extreme lag in parts of the game, and I'm some high mid-tier to top-tier parts in my setup. Thing is for us pc player, WE GOTTA GET OVER IT!!!! This game was obviously meant for console, and you just got get off your high horse and deal with it. Controls are sensitive? Well duh, play it with a controller if you hate it. Don't want too? Well then change the controls to how it fits you...Patches will come, that's how pc gaming works. The game has just released for crying out loud. So let time pass a bit before you bombard it with bad reviews. They will fix it. They always try.Now onto the actual review, game is a good game. I love it. Definitly lives up to the first game. Maps are big. Your actions control the ending. Different ways of playing, all just like the original. Controls are the same, which I will say sort of sucks but keybinding to the rescue! Basically a bigger, even better looking version of the original game, which I love.Now what did they update or change? Well to begin with, abilities. New set for Emily and same set for Corvo. Emily's set of abilites are amazing, very unique abilities allowing for very interesting was of taking down foes, but still allowing players to play any way they choose. Corvo's is the same so nothing really to say. Now, the upgrading of the abilities is was really stands out, you can upgrade your abilities based off what you want. Just know. stopping time is great for planning tactics. So get it for Corvo's Blink (Just like Daud's Blink, YEAH BABY!!!) and Emily's Far Reach. Everything else, do as you play.Maps have dramatically increased in size overall. Which you'd think would make it easier to stealth, right? Nope it's harder because of how open it is, and that is pretty cool (Also enemies are more perseptive, even at normal difficulty, so watch out for them if you're playing stealthily). Added bone charm and rune crafting, awesome. Great way to amp up play styles. Also made keeping specific Chaos levels easier. which is nice when going for a low chaos run.Overall it's a good game. If you're not a pretentious snob, who expects godlike perfection right out of the box for a pc port. Then I'd recommend it, for the snobs. BTFO UNTIL IT MEETS YOUR STANDARDS. Then play it."
,Recommended,403640,26595103,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,papaStuds,Please fix PC port... otherwise cannot complain. Great gameplay and story. FPS drops are the only concern.
,Recommended,403640,26568802,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,MrSpwn,"Dishonored was by far one of my favorite games I've ever played and I was excited for Dishonored 2 to come out. I was not disappointed. The game maintains a lot of the great aspects of the first one as well as adding some additional features which are great. For example, the new skill trees for both Corvo and Emily are awesome as well.There are some aspects I don't enjoy as much. I honostly don't really enjoy Corvo speaking haha. Also, the lean is pretty good, but I would have liked to have it toggle on the same keystroke to undo the lean. For example, pressing Q would lean left, then pressing Q again would stop leaning, rather than having to press E to stop.Overall, I love this game so far and I already see myself wasting several hours of my life playing it.As far as the performance issue everyone is complaining about, I have yet to face it... I am running high settings at 1080p and have no issues with framerate.Specs are:AMD FM8350 8 Core CPUAsus GeForce GTX 750TI32 GB RAM"
76561198068519335,Recommended,403640,26599083,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Valseran,"Technical - I'm not sure what everyone is complaining about, i assume that people are telling the truth about the pc port being subpar but i didnt notice any issues other than a few frame drops when entering a couple busy areas of the game. I played with mouse and keyboard and never had any issue with the controls, although i did change the mouse settings around early on. Just mess around with the bars, there is a good match.As for the game itself i loved it, beautifully done, it felt like the first game where it mattered and improved upon it well. I ended up getting around 20hours on my play through, I certainly could have stretched that to 30 and there is a lot of replayability. Im confident I couldnt have shortened it quite a lot as well, which i think is a good thing. The game is really tailored around letting you play how you want to play.Obviously I'd recommend the game. No doubt the port for pc will be fixed very soon, again, i never experienced any issues but I'm sure they are working hard on fixing any issues.EDIT: I should mention I am running this with 2 980ti's on the highest graphic settings (ultra i believe) and barely ever noticed any framerate drop. So it isn't a broken port that's unplayable as many seem to suggest. (Although yes i am aware that most people do have as high end a computer which is why i clarified)"
,Recommended,403640,26599883,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Pvt. Whitmore [42ndPA],"I don't understand all the negative reviews here.  I have a GTX 970 SSC, 16 GB Ram, and an I5 processor and I built the computer myself never having built a computer before...I can't run this game at Ultra like I can a lot of other games I play, but if I set everything to High or Very High I get between 50 and 60 FPS with no issues the entire time.  I personally can't tell the difference between 50 and 60 fps on my 144 hz monitor."
76561198084935483,Recommended,403640,26531793,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,iMSaiyan,"Surprisingly I have had zero problems with the game - I do have a pretty fast computer though I7, running 980 GTX's IN SLI so I have not seen after framerate drops or lag at all. The game overall does not disappoint, it brings back memories from the first Dishonored - but this time you have the option of playing as Emily - back are the powers and the combat is fluid and flawless in my opinion. I haven't gotten very far into the game but I am definitely enjoying it. The story is great and the ""puzzles"" that they have implemented in the game isn't incredibly hard but it's just enough to challenge you so you don't get bored straight killing everyone like I've been.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zdeso7-XPcc&spfreload=10"
,Recommended,403640,26530278,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Kid Buscemi,"There are so many weapons and abilities to choose from.  Silently kill enemies with your crossbow, go loud and guns blazing with your pistol.  Maybe you enjoy possessing the minds of your enemies, or tricking them with your doppleganger.  So many choices, yet there is one weapon that beats anything in this entire game.  It is, of course, the Serkonan Guitar, the deadliest and most useful tool used by Emily and Corvo.  No one will stand a chance against the horrid strums that are plucked from its fine strings.  Never again shall your enemies gather for whisky and cigars that night."
76561198149661406,Not Recommended,403640,28713935,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,NimChe,luckily i bought this on sale... still would prefer it if it worked!
,Recommended,403640,32878628,Posted: 27 June,all,Batimon,just killem all
76561197991711827,Recommended,403640,31147626,Posted: 14 April,all,serk,"There is so much good about this game I dont know where to start. The combat is outstanding and at 50 hours I'm still figuring out new ways to kill people. The locations all have something special going for them.The negative reviews seems to be people buthurt because they need to run the game at ""low"" with their 5 year old GPUs."
,Recommended,403640,29324101,Posted: 17 January,all,GAMMA,pretty gud but it is one of the shortest games i have ever played
76561198149558394,Recommended,403640,29327399,Posted: 17 January,all,23rydogg,Great sequel. They definitely improved on the gameplay from the first however the story is mediocre.  Tons of replayability especially with the addition of new game plus. Highly reccomend this game and cannot wait for DLC.
76561198040449989,Not Recommended,403640,34878592,Posted: 11 September,all,Killpower,"Weak game, the only good parts were copy pasted from dishonored 1, and then it was pasted badly. The levels are repetitive, the story is poor. And with a heavily overpowered pc I still got a fairly poor performance from the engine. Was sorely tempted to ask for my money back."
,Recommended,403640,28629041,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,You will nazi me coming,"the game works fine. everyone else complaining didn't even update the game. no fps drops, no crashes, no sensitivity issues with mouse (the menu feels a little slow but thats just personal preference). So update your game before complaining that it doesnt work."
76561197980071577,Recommended,403640,31168923,Posted: 15 April,all,bmac1191,"If this game doesn't run well for you, it is time to upgrade your hardware and/or do a fresh install of Windows.This game run flawless for me at 4k with a 1080ti and 7700k."
,Recommended,403640,28649076,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Reverie,"Nowadays, I still remember what Dishonored brought to me. It's really astonishing, those steampunk art designs, smart enemies, various assassination methods. That's why I pre-ordered this one. To be honest, optimization was truly annoying, but can be fixed obviously, may be took few times of patches. But I believe Bethesda and they did it. That's why I didn't wrote review at beginning. Here is my recommend review, wish more or less improve overall review, and let more people know about this game. I hope there will be Dishonored 3. Good Luck Bethesda."
76561198216658409,Recommended,403640,32731724,Posted: 24 June,all,Boocester,dishonored is good dishonored 2 is also good
,Not Recommended,403640,28686744,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Gothbert,"Using NVidia GeForce GTX 970 card. Got main menu to load once, but get black screen during all other attempts to run game. Tried recommended optimal settings, lowest graphic settings, re-installation. Nothing works."
,Not Recommended,403640,33417528,Posted: 9 July,all,DiamondMiner74,Great game.That is if you can stand the constant lag spikes.
,Recommended,403640,29346519,Posted: 18 January,all,Darkwhen,Thumbs up
,Recommended,403640,28662975,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,10/10 TriHard,awesome !!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,403640,29226981,Posted: 13 January,all,BaasKaas,It's Dishonored 1 but more of it and (imo) better too :P AI is much tougher and there are many more different possibilities to reach your objective than the first too. Get it if you liked Dishonored 1!
,Recommended,403640,32357768,Posted: 11 June,all,Tech,one of my fav bethesda games my fav action/stealth game still holds true with this game must buy plz i rec u love it and also new dlc out soon cant wait
76561198152336000,Recommended,403640,26525104,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,minty HITMAN  hatton,PLAYS AMAZING ON MY SET UP RADEON R9 280X 16 GB RAM AMD BULLDOZER  CPU BEAUTIFULL
,Recommended,403640,26516439,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,gestalt,"I have played the campaign 4 times, and still haven't even touched Emily yet.This game has immense replayability with routes I am STILL discovering, blueprints to find, stuff to loot, etc. Different playstyles, choices, everything, make this game definitely worth the wait and worth the price. Arkane lost their minds and said ""let's factor in every possible choice they could make"", and did it. A worthy successor to a game that I've spent far, far too much time in, this is sure to keep me busy for a long while."
,Recommended,403640,26619977,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,TheKrimzonDemon©,"This is a review of the actual game, not its optimization issues on various, primarily AMD, builds, though I will say that mine is total AMD, and I have very, very few issues.I've been playing around 8 hours, as of this review, and this is what I think as of now.It feels like Dishonored. That really sums it up.Many sequels, the developer tries to ""move forward"", or something like that as far as gameplay and design. Dishonored 2 is a true continuation, not, to my mind, a sequel. The game play feels the same, to a point, the appearance, the mechanics, it just feels...right, what I expected.I love that you can play as Emily or Corvo, that they, over the course of the game, fill in those missing 15 years, explain just what led to the circumstances of the second game, you may have to pay attention, but it's there.Dishonored 2 is, to me, actualy much harder than Dishonored, even on the easy setting. I'm doing virtually no damage to anyone, but I'm currently on High Chaos. Enemies detect easier than they did in the first game, but, at least on easy, go back to what they were doing quickly. Being detected or having bodies found really counts against you. Compared to other games, though, the fact that its harder doesn't bother me, I actually appreciate it, and understand why.My biggest problem with the game: I had to relearn to look UP. Lol. My second biggest problem with the game: I'm once again losing whole hours in what feels like the blink of an eye. :pMy first playthrough is as Emily, and while I expect things to change when I play as Corvo, I do not expect how I perceive the game to change, except to possibly get even better.I hope this helped someone make a decent, informed choice on buying the game.Also, oh my god, visually, this surpasses the first game, and it was completely stunning. This is...this is unreal beautiful."
,Recommended,403640,26530072,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Stalker Artyom,"A very great continuation from Dishonored, I enjoyed it through and through. If you enjoyed Dishonored, then you will also enjoy Dishonored 2."
,Recommended,403640,26531007,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Celery Man,"The game is great, a little lacking in optimization but still great. The only place I could really notice it chugging was the clockwork mansion but other than that it is perfectly playable on a GTX 970 on medium settings"
,Recommended,403640,26542726,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,DarkPenguin,"I'm really enjoying this game, but like a lot of others, I'm having massive frames drop when there really shouldn't be. I've got a 980ti, 16gb ram, and a overclocked i5 4670k that runs most games beautifully on their highest setting while Dishonored struggles well below what Geforce recommends.The game itself is great though. I'm just confirming that even those with better PC's are having issues."
76561197985622802,Recommended,403640,26548411,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,NeZZeR,"Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ I've waited for this so long.The gameplay is One of a kind just like DH1 you will love it. Even more brutal this time.The graphics is really good, however it's not the best graphics out there.The story is dark, brutal and just what I wanted.The performance is bad, running on:6600k16gb ddr4970 oc strixSSDPlayable for sure on high settings however the quality control for triple A cards like 970/1080 etc should be ALOT better, a big ♥♥♥♥ you there arcane.Buy it? ♥♥♥♥ yes!"
76561198068069068,Recommended,403640,26548487,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,HomeIsWonderland,I do believe that they are going to fix any and all problems with the mouse and PC version in general. Such a diverse set of characters. I am loving this game. I'd say more but I'd much rather be playing right now... Give it a shot!
76561198127770203,Recommended,403640,26557550,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Emush,Great game overall due to recent patch. The ending is pretty underwhelming tho and some of the scripting isn't very good.
76561198046015574,Recommended,403640,26560301,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Ahab,"PROs:-world art and design are top tier;-gameplay is a refined revisitation of the first game, so it's pretty good;-the story is strong enough to keep you engaged to the end...CONs:-...but just enough. The beginning, in particular, feels rushed, and some antagonists clichés.-While I found it playable (i5 6600, 16GB DDR4, SSD and GTX 970), the game doesn't run as smoothly as it could and should.8.5/10, will increase when and if performance issues get fixed."
,Recommended,403640,26562794,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,isRyan,"The game itself is magnificent, buy, buy, buy. (After they patch the performance issues of course)"
76561198054343639,Recommended,403640,26594429,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,disturbedmitchell,♥♥♥♥en skits m8
,Recommended,403640,26638262,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Dunkdun skinhub.com,Great game!... just dont tab out... it crashes if u try to tab back in
76561197971118907,Recommended,403640,26702936,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,ALPSMAC,"Disclaimer: I don't like stealth games, but I love the universe Dishonored has built... played the first game and am enjoying the second thus-far.Thoughts so far:- Pretty (graphically)- Plays like the first game only w/ less ceremony- Just as frustrating... I really don't like stealth games and probably won't finish this one... wish publishers would come through on their promises to allow players real options in how to play games.- Lots of folks complaining about poor PC optimization, but I experienced no significant problems at max settings (my rig: i7 4930k, 32 GB RAM, SSD, GTX 1070).Overall I recommend the game if you really can sink your teeth into a very stealth-focused game for hours on end.  For me its not quite my cup of tea, but for gamers who love stealth its hard to go wrong with this one."
76561198305693463,Recommended,403640,26733585,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,benyusuf99,"Better gameplay, equally great narrative, more replayability... yes i have an erection."
76561198049748908,Recommended,403640,26755017,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,RIPPER,"Not sure why all the negativity for this games preformance, my experience has been good. I am getting at my low spots 40fps, but typicaly its running right at 60fps.sli 1080s and not getting 30 fps? yea ok.....pc spec- (1) evga gtx 970, 16 gb ram, cpu i7 4820k, and ssd on windows 7"
,Recommended,403640,26765463,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Mystical Mark,good gamenever had any problems that most ppl seem to have(Nvidia GTX 980ti AMP 6Gb dedicated with intel i5-6600k and 16Gb of ram 64bit system on windows 10 if that helps)hopefully this large 4Gb patch fixes those video performance issues for everyone else is experiencingpick it up when you can (but waiting for a sale never hurts)solid 8.5/10 imo
,Recommended,403640,26531099,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,:^),"If you've played Dishonored, this is an excellent game to play. You get to see some familiar faces and new characters. The artstyle is beautiful, and the new system that includes more nonlethal takedowns is excellent for anyone doing a no kill or low chaos run. However, the game's engine seems to be geared towards PCs with higher end graphics. Even my PC (brand new desktop assembled myself less than a year ago) has framerate issues whenever I first boot up the game. Hopefully, however, this will be fixed in a patch."
76561198098707920,Recommended,403640,26557416,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,lebron jaques,"Great game, poor optimazation.I played as Emily, finished the game in 13 hours, but there are so many ways to play this game that'll last atleast 50 hours.Story was great, but the change in Outsiders voice bothered me."
76561198019034709,Recommended,403640,26560321,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,iTzGriggs,If you can handle the bad performance then get the game it is still really fun and is great to play.
,Recommended,403640,26560359,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,HopeAndGlory,"unique art direction and atmostphere, intriguing story. gleeful, tactile combat with satisfying finishers. Worthy seaquel to one of my favorite games.I'm running this on an RX 480, 16gb ram and i7 3820. i've got the settings on high at 1920×1080 (there is v high and ultra above this). no framerate porblems, looks great."
,Recommended,403640,26574212,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Awkward Bunion,Awesome Game. Better & Longer than the first. No preformance issues here.
76561197970384883,Recommended,403640,27960818,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,FHDA,83%
76561198006657755,Recommended,403640,28253646,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Jackyboy,"What can I add that nobody else hasn't already said?First of all this game runs for me well above 55 fps with everything on ultra. I'm one of the lucky few appearently.With that out of the way, here are my 2 cents:This is a truly worthy sequel to Dishonored. It adressed two of my major complains: the game is no longer too easy, staying out of sight can be challenging expecially on very hard. You will need to master your powers in order to outwit or outmatch your opponents. And even though a full frontal assault approach is still viable with the proper character build and equipment. stealth is still my favorite way to go.Also now you have the option to play the whole game without any super natural powers, which adresses the other major complaint I had about the first Dishonored: the main character is too powerfull. Now instead of signing a contract with the devil you can just try to beat the game as a simple human. That makes it a completely different game all together: you are no longer the mystical demi-god of death, you are just a man. Your only advantages on the many many things that are out there to kill you are: gear and brain, it really feels like thief.Everything else is there: huge stages that feel like places and not levels. Characters that feel like people and not targets. If you liked Dishonored you will love the sequel. If you didn't play Dishonored... well go back and play that first. It's awesome.Plenty of drunken whalers on this side of the ocean too. And what do we do with the drunken whaler?"
76561198060969985,Recommended,403640,27913610,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Pig Prince,s
76561198048484143,Recommended,403640,28090382,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Noodles&Co,Many complain about how it works on their computer but if you can get past that it has an amazing story. It does the first game justice.
76561198126042450,Recommended,403640,28125555,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,crobertsonscott,bugs fixed really good
76561198088158046,Recommended,403640,26517296,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Keep The Change..,The Game is working Fine !
76561198149457006,Not Recommended,403640,35055364,Posted: 18 September,all,XtraCrispyChicken,"first game a lot better but this is ok. feels kinda short for me, didnt like the story line."
76561198204055520,Recommended,403640,26545665,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,SnowWalker,"Loving it! Shadow Walking is AWESOME!I don't know what everyone's complaining about??I don't have a beast for a PC and my game is playinglike a gem. No problems whatsoever. The loadingscreen is sometimes slow, but that's it, and so far,having a blast. The story is intriguing."
,Recommended,403640,26549863,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Poopsock,"good game,♥♥♥♥♥♥frames 7/10 fappable while squinting"
76561198229916748,Recommended,403640,26560067,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,DidYouAssumeMyGender,"This game has a lot of potential, it's sad the framerate is complete garbage . Hopefully with a patch this game can show its full potential ."
76561197970734047,Recommended,403640,26574183,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Already Dead,"D2 brings solid controls, great stealth mechanics, and powerful upgrades back to the genera in an absolultely breathtaking clockwork world with 100% more third-rate voice acting than the original. Not too many sequals top the original, but I think this is going to be one of them for me.I am not experiencing poor performance with my machine (GTX 980ti / i7-4790k  / SSD) at 1920x1080 on Very High (recommended defaults). It might not be hitting 60 FPS -- I haven't measured my FPS -- but it's very smooth and completely playble.I'm also not experiencing spongy or unresponvive mouse control that is a problem for some people, but I did need to turn off Mouse Smoothing and I had to bump the sensitivity up to my preference. But that's typical for any FPS.The software is very solid on my machine. No crashes, no game breaking bugs so far."
76561198040655629,Recommended,403640,26574278,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,D3S0,"Dishonored 2 Runs fine for me, all settings on Ultra, V-Sync off. at 1920/1080, Have Not had to use third party programs to stabilize the playability.GTX 950MWindows10 64biti7-4720hq 2.60gz16gb ramIn terms of mouse sensitivity I think it will be different for everyone and just needs adjustment via the in-game settings, for e.g I have mine set to 0 smoothing and 25% sensitivity but that may be unplayable for someone else's mouse ( I'm using a ' GM-Force M7 ' mouse, it's not an expensive/high-tech mouse.GAMEPLAY:Overall 9/10... really I think this game is mesmerizing and infinitely playable, versatile, the story is amazing and optionals are great. visual quality and "" enviromental interaction "" of this game make it captivating especially if you are a fan of the Dishonored lore/story.If you played/enjoyed the first one, regardless of the negative reviews people are putting up you must realize over-time it will be fixed permenantly, either that or the fault is on your own setup, a big issue alot of people don't think about is conflicting drivers for e.g Nvidia with Geforce experience doesn't work with everybody, I use Nvidia but I do not use Geforce experience as it causes clashes in settings for me, the same for Intel HD/Nvidia settings & game settings VS nvidia's control panel ( global ) settings.I haven't finished the game yet so I am unsure of how the story for Dishonored 2 will end, either way all I can say is I hope there is a                                           -                     Dishonored 3 !!!                     -"
,Recommended,403640,26581631,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,KrayzieStiles,i7 6700k and a G1 980ti. Haven't dipped below 60fps on very high setttings. Game is awesome. I'd wait if you have a lower end system.
,Recommended,403640,26588376,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Necromancer,"TL;DR: a lot of fun with great semi open world, combat is fluid, stealth is even harder but even more rewarding now. Over all a solid 9/10 worth your money.a lot of people are saying they have bad FPS issues. And while i do believe them. i cannot comment on things i have not myself experienced.So, Dishonoured 2 is a fun game at its base with plenty of replay value. The world is fleshed out with great visual, graphic and sound design. The world feels like one that could actually exists and is not just there to facilitate us as players.Combat, while never the main focus of the game is fluid and resonance making it a joy to play violently and massacre entire legions of♥♥♥♥♥♥head guards. stealth this time around has gotten a MAJOR upgraded with NPC now acting for more realistically investigating previously closed doors if left open, the multitude of alternative paths and ways you can complete your objective are interesting and give the game a nice sense of scale."
,Recommended,403640,26591989,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,BoltActionReapr,"Not a problem at all running this game at 60+ fps on ultra. Awesome game, everything I hoped for in a sequel.Nvidia GTX 1070 8G16G RamIntel core i7 6700k 4.0Ghz"
76561198043750607,Recommended,403640,26594418,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,corbinwiese12,"Over all it works fine on my pc, could use better fps but it doesn't bother me as much as the other reviews I've read. I'm getting 30fps on ultra, AA off because I'm playing in 4k. I'm playing with a xbox 360 controller, can't say anything about the mouse problem. Nothing short about the story and the game it's self. It's just as good and fun as the first one. I will contenue to play it."
76561198052304979,Recommended,403640,26607320,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Dat Boi,"Best game this year, no problems with performance"
,Recommended,403640,26611005,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Mexican Man,"Was kinda short, but I rushed through it quite fast. Graphics were a bit rocky, but I heard that they're gonna patch it. It didn't click with me (emotionally) as much as the first one, but it was still pretty good. There were a couple things I missed (faster mana regen, faster choke, etc) but most of those were probably just bone charms I missed. There are many more collectables in each level, so you could easily waste an hour collecting all the bone charms and runes in a single level. Personally, I think they could've made the non-lethal options more apparent, but they were always there. Really open world, on this one. There was never a situation where I couldn't go somewhere I wanted to.Gameplay - 10/10Story - 9/10Replayability - 10/10Open Worldness - 10/10This is one of my favourite games ever."
,Recommended,403640,26623301,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Shades,"There is kind of one major issue that gamers are having, and that's the framerate.Yes it drops at certain intervals, but a patch in the future should be enough to change that.As for me, the game runs fine on a GTX970 and I'm having a great time with it. Stealth runs or high chaos,this game has so many options with every run feeling different, especially since you get to pick betweentwo sets of powers at the beginning.♥♥♥♥♥♥s gud yo"
,Recommended,403640,26702474,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Mighty Banana,"I really enjoyed this game, it has the same dishonored vibe that made the previous dishonored so special to me.I loved two of the levels, found them very imaginative and enjoyable, all the other levels were a bit less inovative but no less fun.I didn´t have bugs during my first playthrough, nor fps problems, ran everything on ultra with a 1060 without fps drops and steady 55-60 fpsAlso to note, the replay value of this game is over the roof."
76561198085224232,Recommended,403640,26540607,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Corndoug 12 :/,No problem with fps on ultra. Game seems amazing so far. Sorry to everyone else who are having fps and that sort of problems. Rip
,Recommended,403640,26545914,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Speiserman,"I haven't had issues with performance, I am playing at 5760x1080 with a gtx1070 and i5 3550.Great gameplay and the story is engaging so far."
,Recommended,403640,26545933,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,ChinHo,It's good.
,Recommended,403640,26547257,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,No.Name.Bagu,"i got this a day early, so i got to experience the performance issues. But apperently a patch is coming to fix that soon so time to assess gameplay.If you wanna check my original dishonored review; do it. because i go in depth as to why its great. This game is great in the same ways and more. theres the great story that makes you think all the way through, the far mor vast areas to explore (way way less linear than dishonored, and that was considered very open) new powers even if you play as corvo, and for once fighting is just as fun as sneak."
76561198008678206,Recommended,403640,26547681,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,hampstah,The game runs well and I only had to adjust mouse speed.
,Recommended,403640,26548574,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,NoSkillNoob,"So far throughout the game it has been better that I expected. the graphics and art style are amazing and make the game feel more alive and in place. The story is simple to understand but if you want you can check all the sorces of lore from letters left around and have a portal into the story of this world. the amount of dialouge makes the game feel alive and all the people within it unique and the gameplay is better than what I expected, I am playing Emily, and it brings back a great feel from the first game with a new element in it."
,Recommended,403640,26552300,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Entropic Desolator,"ALright guys lemme give you the big ol scoop if what you can excpect from this game. honestly you can expect to murder tons of people in ♥♥♥♥ed up ways. like if you felt the jitters or skitters from stabbing people in the first instalment of this game then holy ♥♥♥♥ make sure you clench ur sack everytime you kill somone so ur balls dont get up and walk away from all the discomfort. tldr: you can stab/kick people in the balls so hard they just die riht then right thur. also ur aunt is a ♥♥♥♥♥ make sure u kill her pronto. also you get to be a time lord and that really just ♥♥♥♥s with my mindthe first time i did it i kinda callaposed reality around me.PS, ♥♥♥♥ ANYONE THAT DOESNT RECOMEND THE GAME BECAUSE OF ""POOR FPS"" REALLY IF YOU SAY THAT THAT JUST MEANS UR COMPUTR IS FROM THE 1800's and is got the proccessing power of a single ant.PSS my 970m gets 60-80 fps on medium just go in task man and change from low prioty to normals"
76561198116263133,Recommended,403640,26563352,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Teshub,"Hello, dispite the framerate issues others are experiencing I have not run into framerate drops except during the first mission, after that I have not noticed it. My computer is low end and i'm only playing on medium graphics. Amd graphics card and drivers. With the obligtory graphic disscussion out of the way, lets get on to the actual game.GameplayEmily is fun. Distinct from Corvo in Dishonored 1, I haven't played Corvo in Dishonored 2 yet. The gameplay is a little more difficult than I remember, the added difficulty feels rewarding and is more a result of me not having done much time for gaming in a while. The missions all have a unique feel to them and the unique features you find in missions are well explained and don't feel tacted on.StorytellingTo preface this, I won't talk about the main story. Worldbuilding feels excellent and expands on Dishonored 1, The lore has the same charm it did from the first game. Some of the new aspects I have noticed is that the world feels much more lived in. From pickpocketing a note off a guard talking about killing Emily and covering it up so that a group of guards will split the bounty to the little details in apartments that make them each distinct. All of these details feel much more prevalent from Dishonored 1 and also are much more unique. Another new feature is how your actions have weight with the sidequest setup. Robbing a Blackmarket story and then the next one mentions looking into hiring guards because they heard of a break in.ReplayablititySidequest feel very ambient in design, some can be missed completly if your playing through quickly. This makes it easy to run into something new each time you play through each time. Mission design in general is well done, multiple ways approachs in each mission and the world's wonderful  environment make it easy to miss little details.OverallThe game so far has been really fun, feels like Dishonored but better and I will update this further after I complete the game."
76561197971029222,Recommended,403640,26563617,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,sk8,"First game I've pre-ordered in many years and look what happens...  I only pre-ordered because the original Dishonored ran so well the day it was released.  I mistakenly thought they took PRIDE in their flawlessly smooth gameplay.  High smooth fps>fancy graphics.  How on earth did they think Dishonored 2's level of performance was even remotely acceptable?!   Really wish this was on id Tech 6.  Would have been legendary!Technical difficulties aside, the game is amazing! Incredible art style and story.  Gameplay is epic!  I'm able to achieve mostly stable 60fps.  Mouse can be jerky at times.Draw distance set to very low.SHadows on low.DOF offHBAO offeverything else ultraI7 3770k16gb ramgtx 1070Hopefully the coming patch will actually fix things.  Especially the mouse control.Game itself has been enjoyable enough not to refund."
,Recommended,403640,26563793,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Huffa Bubba,"I love this game, I have had no issues with running it at all and the gameplay is overall very smooth. There are two things that I'm iffy about, 1 being that your character talks casually about the situation which kind of takes the ""Badass silent assasin"" thing out and make you feel like you werent in complete control like the first game. 2 is that the level design is still really good ""play your way"" and all that but the majority of the game isn't in dunwall so it kind of loses it's sad undertone for a bright sandstormy setting (which they still made depressing it's just got a weird feeling to it). Those are the only two things that I am not sure about but the rest is great, the story ties in with the first one and Knife of dunwall-Brigmore witches(Which was really cool when you find out who your partner in crime is). There are some pretty cool things hidden on the side to find. The new upgrade system for powers is really cool, you can upgrade your powers to do a number of things (such as stoping time when holding blink like Daud but on Corvo). Corvos powers are the same and there is bonecharm crafting system which is pretty helpful and easy to use. Emily's powers are a little hard to get used to but once you get past slingshoting yourself into the sky and dying from the fall, it's pretty cool.Definetly a good game to pick up if you think you can run it.My specs: Quad core i7 4.0 GHZ16gb RAMSaphire r9 270x"
76561198195207917,Recommended,403640,26566905,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Gay Pedophile22,"first time i've played a dishonoured, i enjoyed it though the graphics aren't what i hoped so since i feel like all these games have just downgraded on graphics, like six siege graphics, great, gta v great, jc3, great fallout 4, great, the division, good and games from early this year or b4. Mafia 3 graphics bad, watch dogs hasn't improved but let's stop talking about graphics, although its better the water looks like cancer and some what like fp mafia. anyway the story is great for the time i've played and the gameplay, pretty good although im not used to it yet."
76561198088527548,Recommended,403640,26568328,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,keepitinbetween,"Ok, so I like the story of the game and everyting. Holy crap though, the lag is TERRIBLE! I have a pretty decent desktop and it lags so much even at a lower graphics quality. Its basically un-playable for me. Its sucks because I spend $60 on it, and now I cant play it."
76561197970832722,Recommended,403640,26569563,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,s.shickell,"GREAT game, not as big as the first, no side quests, well sort of but very limited. Still worth getting, but the ending, they could have put a lot more effort into that, what a load of rubbish.Game ran fine on max settings on my I7 laptop with GTX960, on an ultra widescreen monitor at max resolution."
,Recommended,403640,26576278,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,ermers,"Wonderful game. If you enjoyed Dishonored, you will absolutely love this game."
76561197971095068,Recommended,403640,26587348,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,K-Shard,"I'm running the game with a GTX970SC, quad core i7 and 16Gb gaming ram and its running flawlessly on high settings. Was concerned based on the earlier reviews but the problem with the framerate does not seem to be affecting my rig.Storyline is really good especially if you've completed the original game and DLC. Only played as Corvo so far, no tried Emily but its doesn't take long to start getting your powers back and being able to jump around and link in some awesome kills or (non-lethal) takedowns.Was originally concerned with start game lack of powers but its not an issue and you soon get back into the swing of things. Good references to the previous game at various points.There also appears to be a lot of good side quests and opportunities of diversion from the main story which is good, with the building up of a sort of base (not spoiling it).Very impressed and living it so far!"
76561198031204307,Recommended,403640,26587596,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,sykik,works fine for me
76561198141833191,Recommended,403640,26588378,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Bella Swan,"Great game, deep story, unbelievable scenery and atmosphere. Lots of people having issues with the port, but everything is good on my part.I don't know how people with 1070s and 1080s are having issues. Running on ultra and 4k with a solid 60 fps, lowest was 54 in very visual-rich areas.Anyways, patch is coming soon, so you should REALLY get this, at least after they fix the issues.1070 8gb, 16gb ram, SSD, i7 6700k, win10, updated drivers."
76561198018095495,Recommended,403640,26594341,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Z Dark Forces,"Played and beat the game. It has a good story and interesting gameplay mechanics, but man does it hate no kill runs. About  90% of your no kill run will be spent keepping bloat flies from eating those you knocked out. Keeping guards from shooting one another or cutting down ther friend only to spout their you will pay for killing them line. Whale oil containers will sometimes spontaneously explode killing the body you stashed nearby. Sometimes the guards will walk off of a ledge falling to their death. There is also an amazing number of bugs that can cause the ending not to play such as the final boss spawning outside the map, and triggering the end cutscene by placing what you need to only to have it simply sit and not play the final cutscene. Another great bug is if you make about 20 saves in a play through your top one will be rewritten everytime you hit a checkpoint, modify your runes, or craft runes.The game can be played at medium graphics for 60fps which puts it on par with the origional dishonored.Really wanna like this game and it would be great if there weren't so many bugs that it turns a 8hr run into almost 12 because off all the stuff you have to redo due to glitches and bad AI. The story is good and it handles a mechanic from bioshock better than bioshock did. If you are gonna buy it wait a few weeks for all the patches to roll out as is common with PC games nowadays(sadly)."
,Recommended,403640,26600085,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,SignorDeVazquez,"After the 11/21/2016 patch, the game is completely playable on my specifications.FX-6300 CPUR9 290 4GB VRAM16GB RAM.Great game. First playthrough on Ghostly and Merciful took 20 hours to complete with heavy exploration, but I could have gotten more out of it if I would have been more patient.Second playthrough is now with Corvo. <3Replayability is insane."
76561198037993008,Recommended,403640,26605801,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Guilty,For those who are new - Dishonored 2 is a stealth action game with some magic that you can choose to take or refuse it and play with only your trusty sword and crossbow. Dishonored 2 is set in an industrialization age filled with poverty and corruption where you must re-take the crown you lost by eliminating your enemies. How you do that is up to you and that is what makes this game great.Re-playability - I don’t think this game has that much re-playability because once you have completed the game you have a sense of what path to take next time when you decide to do your low or high chaos run. Sure you could take the left path instead of the right path like you did in your first run but the end result is the same one of the paths was just easier to take.Length of the game – That all depends on your play style and how good you are at stealth games. For me when I tried to do a low chaos run which means not killing anyone and trying to not get spotted took me about 12 hours to finish the game.Not working for everyone - About the frame issues I don’t know what everyone is talking about I was able to play the game on high settings and stream it for a friend with no frame loss. There are a couple of small areas in the game where I did feel the frames drop but I only experienced it three or four times. If it helps I am using a GeForce GTX 750 Ti.Complaints – Each mission feels the same with some differences but I feel like they has some really cool ideas but they did not use them enough. The last thing I want is possibly a new game+.If you can’t play this game right now then I hope you will be able to once they fix the issues you are having because it is an amazing game worth playing. If you are hesitant about picking up the game because you don’t know if your computer will run well with it and you don’t have deep pockets you can always wait for it to be fixed or pick it up and give it a shot steam has a refund button if it does not work out for you.
76561198027714399,Recommended,403640,26594622,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Dust,"First, didn't have optimization issues, game ran fine. Consider that as you will for your own system.Fun classic Dishonored game, new powers to mess way, stealth around, accidently kill people in a myriad of ways while trying nonlethal...Interesting ways people accidently died:~Fell a stove, burst into flames~Foot touched a campire, burst into flames~Was sitting on third story railing, fell to their death~Shadow grabbed a dominoed guard, other guard flew off a cliff~Shadow grabbed a dominoed guard, other guard bounced around an elevator.~Shadow grabbed a guard, missed the catch...~Shadow grabbed a guard, and they hit a low hanging cieling...~Accidently fired pistol instead of chokehold...~Doing chokehold on a guard, other guard shot/slashed~Random crossfire from guardsYou two can experience the wonder ways of accidental deaths in Dishonored 2!Final Note: Last mission kind of weird and broke the pattern of the previous ones, otherwise good game. Took 23.2 hours for a playthrough with lots of reloads and a few incomplete sections."
76561197973623260,Recommended,403640,26599100,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,SlIdEr,"Haven't had any of the problems others are having, this is a fantastic game.The story is good and the puzzles and many different ways to complete missionsis so much fun. I have to recomend buy."
76561197971297614,Recommended,403640,26606149,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,tolaanto,"Works just great for me, mostly high settings on a GTX 960, going quite steady around 55 fps. The game seems totally awesome so far, I recommend starting at a higher difficulty than you usually would, just to get the most of it."
76561198044509914,Recommended,403640,26620078,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,tomavaly,"Great game, works good for me on a an i7 3770. gtx 970 and 8 gigs of ram, i'm getting stable 60 fps on ultra 1080p, and arround 45-50 fps on 1440p with txaa 1 disabled. Solid stealth, flawless combat, good story(not amazing) good replayability. Highly reccomended, although i feel sorry for the people that encountered issues with the optimization, a èatch is comming soon as announced by Bethesda."
76561198086000998,Recommended,403640,26620114,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,blueeyedsamurai,"I had issues with it day one but since then it's been running great for me on Ultra spec and 4k resolution (3840x2160), that is at a steady 30fps. I will notice some blurriness here and there but only for a second or two. My rig i7 6700k, GTX 1070, 16gb RAM. I will be changing the setting to 1080P and aiming for 60fps and see how well I fare with that but given the amount of reviews saying 60fps has constant drops and issues I'll probably switch back to 30fps at 4k since I've had very little issues.Issues I had:The mouse tracking was just awful when I first launched the game, it felt very lagged and made for a terrible time. I had some muddy textures and such but nothing to extreme on that note.Also do NOT use the Geforce Experience app to optimize the game, it usually launched to a black screen and when it would launch properly the game ran so much worse, more mouse lag, more noticeable texture drops and just weird hiccups while trying to play. Not sure if many other people use that app but I'll be staying away from it from now on.That being said the game is amazing especially if you're a fan of stealth games and even more importantly when it works so I highly recommend it BUT would advise you to wait for the patches to come through and for confirmation that the patches fix the issues before you buy."
76561198046624416,Recommended,403640,26638525,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,LocalBuffalo,Alot of people seem to have issues with the game right now. But for me its working ok besides the frame rate.Its a really fun and exciting stealth game. I have only played a little bit but i still think it is really good. Hopefully there is a patch that will fix the issues everyone seems to be having. I think its good but if you still have not bought it you should wait till the patch that they will hopfully release.
,Recommended,403640,26651660,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Sanya V. Litvyak,"i7-4790K, GTX 970, 16g DDR3, run the game at mostly medium setting with high texture and model detail, FXAA low, average 60~ fps at 2560*1080. So the game actually worked fine imo. This is more of a id's engine issue I think. But around 60 fps is definetly playable for my concern, in this case I just turn v-sync on.Speaking of the game, its great. If you used Corvo the gameplay wouldn't be that much different from the first game, which was good enough already. And for Emily, her abilities were really fun to play with and the character development was deep and convincing. But there weren't many differencies on story between the two characters, they follow excatly the same route but some slightly different dialogues. Took me about 18 hours to beat the game the first time with no kill never spotted on Emily, and roughly 5 hours on high chaos with Corvo."
,Recommended,403640,26678108,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Tophatikiss,"Performance for me, on a gtx 980 ti, was perfect 60fps at full settings, so must be fixed uo now!Absolutly amazing follow up to a great game. Adds to everything, is beautiful, fluid gameplay, everything you could want from dishonored 2! If you liked the first game, you'll love this."
,Recommended,403640,26735634,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Autopilot,"UPDATE: Nominated this game for the ""Most Deserving of a Second Chance"" awardI'm going to do my part in giving this game a thumbs up since it breaks my heart that two of my favorite recent stealth games have been given mixed reviews on Steam.Dishonored 2 is a FANTASTIC game. We all know the problems with the performance and I certainly don't approve of how they handled the game's PC launch; however, now that I've installed the beta patch and begun playing it runs buttery smooth on my GTX 970, and the gameplay is absolutely sublime.The biggest drawback of the game in my opinion is the story, honestly. Perhaps I just haven't gotten far enough in it yet, but there doesn't seem to be as much of a sense of revenge building up in the player throughout the game like in Dishonored 1. In the first game, you initially want revenge on Daud and the Lord Regent, but then you're betrayed and your lust for revenge gets even stronger. In this game, other than wanting revenge on Delilah, there isn't much that drives me.However, what DOES drive me is the gameplay and level design. Both are expertly crafted, with power usage responsive and allowing for even more creative ways to deal with your opponents than was possible in Dishonored 1, which was already an enormous number. Add that on top of Emily's powers, and this game has a lot of replayability.If it didn't have the initial performance issues, it would be a 10/10 from me. But alas, I'll have to knock one point off.9/10 - DO BUY if you're into stealth games or anything like them"
76561197970616312,Recommended,403640,26860105,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Martin,"dishonered 2 i believe has multiple pros and cons. it is a beautiful game with brilliant storyline and great game play. however it is poorly optimised and lags greatly, the character whom you choose for the campaignt speaks which i believe destroys some of the emersiveness.I would definately recomend to a friend however as it is still a good game and a 4gb patch has just been released for it which will hopefully fix the lag and optimisation issue."
,Recommended,403640,27003688,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,LordAbaddon,Great game with great story but could optimize the PC version more. 8/10
,Recommended,403640,26512648,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,kidknes,damn good !
,Recommended,403640,26545898,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Link Shadowelf,This is an amazing game and I hope to continue it. It feels exactly like dishonored. If you are considering buying this: DISREGARD ALL REPORTS OF LOW FPS assuming you meet the minimum requirements. This computer's specs are slightly lower than the recomended and can still run the game on mostly high settings. I encourge you to try this game out.
76561198023011469,Recommended,403640,26558007,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Jimbobski,"Gameplay is pretty much the same as the first Dishonored game. So far there doesn't seem to be much of anything new. If you liked the first one, you'll like this one too.Not having any perfomace related issues at all. Getting any where from 45-100 FPS. I was reading some person's review where they stated that lowering the settings made things worse. I am running everything on Ultra. I will change/add this if things change.AMD FX 8350 Black EditionASUS M5A99FX PRO R2.0NVIDIA GXT 1080 Founder's Edition16Gb RamSamsung 850 EVO SSD"
,Recommended,403640,26562453,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Daydreamer,"Very good game, pretty much the same game as the first one. Fun to play and i would recommend it."
76561198050782592,Recommended,403640,26587571,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Tykenn,"What you actually need to know.Is that dishonored 2 is an amazing game, and if you liked the first one you will love this one. It improves upon every fault of the first one and then some. While it may not be perfect, no game ever is really. This is a giant leap into the right direction in terms of gameplay and listening to the community.I can't tell you exactly how long I spent just walking around with the heart and listening to what everyones story was. A tough yet gentle fisherman offered me advice on how the guards treat new comers. So I thought he was a good guy. Yet the heart gave truth to his actual nature; a liar, a cheat, and a killer. And then not five steps away from him was another fisher. Sitting on the edge of the dock trying to catch a fish. The heart spoke of how ever since his wife died, he stays up with his daughter reading her stories until she falls asleep. Every, single, night. -- It makes you feel like there's a whole world going on around you. That these people actually matter, you don't want to seem them come to harm. As you do whatever it was that you were doing.The guards(I play on very hard. which is the highest I believe.) spot you like how you would think someone in the real world would see you. I rattled my sword against a metal gate to lure some of them away then made my way into the locked door they were guarding. Once they came back, they tried to open the door to see if it was tampered with. After they found it to be unlocked, they alerted every other guard in the vicinity that this happened. they even get alerted when one of their squadmates don't come back from patrol in a timly manner.While this is the first iteration of upgarding powers and the like. I wish they really changed how you would use that power. Instead of it being a straight upgrade. Bonecharms however, seem to fix this issue. The corrupted ones at least; for example, there was one that made Far Reach be able to stealthily pull someone at the cost of needing more mana to cast.( I believe you still need the upgrade however.) things like that really change the way you play. Suddenly I couldn't spam Far Reach anymore, but it gave me this new option to deal with enemies.I wouldn't recommend buying dishonored 2 right now until the optimisation patch comes out. But when it does, you are in treat for a real gem of a game."
76561198042296435,Recommended,403640,26741579,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,AtlasHands,"Currently I am running an i7 4790k and a gtx 970 ssc and while i do think i should be able to get higher settings, by setting the game to automatically select the settings im getting acceptable framerates.I played the game at high chaos and while you could notice some fps drops in full combat it was not game breakingWhile it really sucks that there is no optimization, the game was fantastic and i would recomend it to anyone."
,Recommended,403640,26754828,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Allistaar,"UPDATE; New patch out!The new patch has fixed a lot(!) of the issues i've had with this game performance and the horrid mouse smoothing/Acceleration, it doesn't fix the various stuttering and FPS drops that happen due to larger areas sadly.I HIGHLY reccomend trying a ""kill everything in fancyfull ways"" run, however, try it with a twist. Introducing JUDGE DREDD mode, these are the rules:- Every civilian isolated somewhat must be judged by the God-empress of the Veil (The heart)- If civilian is found guilty of a violent crime or a possible crime is divined, a sentence must be passed.- The sentance would range from; Throwing off building, flinging into water, death by bloodflies, or the good old sword through the face.- Any civilian who is deamed guilty of a non-violent crime, or being a general numpty or ruffian, she/he shall be knocked unconcious promptly and displayed publicly for naming and shaming.This provokes some interesting and slow progression where you spend alot more time soaking in the wonderfull atmosphere of Dishonored.Now, for my Review;It's excellent, buy it.(refund if it runs like♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,403640,26784221,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Spoopy Snek ™,"Spectacular game. Reeeeeally bad perfomance issues, but what the hell. I have fun playing it even at 20~25 fps.THAT's a good game.I loved every single bit of Dishonored 1, and i'm feeling the same thing by playing this game."
76561198079714496,Recommended,403640,26824255,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,abdustar,Not perfect but playable and so fun
,Recommended,403640,26540227,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,DucreuxMeme,"Amazing story, and love the way I can play how I want.  Corvo is a bit boring though..."
,Recommended,403640,26516843,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Dimitri,"Great game, has performance issues that im sure will be fixed. But great game!"
,Recommended,403640,26517478,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Benj1248,"Don't worry, spoiler free. I am enjoying it very well. Movement is much more smooth, I love the new abilities (I'm playing Emily), the story is off to a bang and is holding my interest 4 hours in (minus 1 hour for technical difficulties). The only reason I chose not to avoid day 1 was that I also wanted Dishonored Definitive Edition. I knew I'd eventually get it, so two games for 1 seemed like a good deal. And I'm glad I did. Once I got the streaming figured out (love to stream) and the flickering blackness figured out I haven't had any issues. Don't know who GeForce wouldn't broadcast it before, but it is now. Guess cause it was opening and closing, even though I stream my desktop? No clue. But despite the issues, not only is it a great game so far but I have no regrets buying it day 1. (Honestly, I needed something to fill the gap before FFXV and this is doing it nicely).As a side note, the kill animations have yet to repeat themselves and I'm playing sneaky (but lethal cause...well the story warrants it from my character in my opinion. No Mercy! Unless this is overwatch in which case.....always go Mercy, unless your not me cause someone's gotta do the actual shooting).Edit: Don't worry about late reviews. I'm not far, but I already want to play a second time to try Corvo and a different approach. The mechanics seem very solid. Unless the story goes off the rails or there is an escort mission that lasts an hour with ridiculous AI, I'm not the least bit worried. However, I do think it is a stupid Bethesda policy for single player games."
76561198133397829,Recommended,403640,26540221,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Bizarroquai,STUNNING! I have 135 hours on dishonored 1 and this is an amzing sequel!!! IM IN LOVE
,Recommended,403640,26516666,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Suga <3,"Dishonored 2The game that was hyped to Dishonored fans and caused many others who don't even know Dishonored to pre-order it so as to play the game earlier and also get to know a little back story about the first game.Me? I was a huge fan of a Dishonored. The moment I knew Dishonored 2 will be coming out, I was hyped. Very hyped.Dishonored despite being a single player game, I've replayed it countless and countless of times, the game was simply just too fun to not replay.So let's go onto Dishonored 2.Being a huge fan of Dishonored, I obviously pre-ordered Dishonored 2, got real excited and hyped to play the game the moment it came out and here is how it turned out: (IT WASN'T A NO MAN'S SKY)At the start, the downloading and loading screen were a huge disappointment, downloads and downloads, over and over again, all taking quite some time. This is not the game's fault.When the game finally was downloaded, it crashed. Crashed repeatedly.I solved the problem and wen in game. The FPS was just 5-10fps.Pretty sad am I right?I did some stuff and forced it to 20-30fps.Ok, that's playable. Time to finally try out the game.Oh boy, fun. Fun. Fun.Graphics are good.Gameplay is good.Story is good except for(A little spoiler)You had to choose between Corvo or Emily and the other just gets turned to stone, I mean, that's kinda of a let down. I kinda wished it was like what the Developers said, that super different perspective what not, disappointed by this as I kinda wished they were like working on their own thing at some different place and have different stories, welp, suck it up, the gameplay makes up for it.The plot twists, weren't really plot twists, so the story gets a little boring and in the end, the ending.The ending wasn't as impactful as Dishonored's endings. It felt a little off. That doesn't seem right.When I played Dishonored 2, I felt something strange.Like my soul had some kind of void.As though somehow, this wasn't what I had expected. What is wrong?And then I realised.Dishonored 2, can never, never ever replace the original Dishonored. The classic you could say.The flashbacks in Dishonored 2 never really meant anything to me, they weren't nostalgic or impactful of any sort.They just made me feel like replaying Dishonored again, even though I'm like only half way through Dishonored 2.Somehow, deep inside, so what if we get Emily? Yes, she has different powers, but it isn't a whole new gameplay style or anything.For Dishonored 2, I give it a 8/10.If you like cool stealth FPS gameplay, get this.If you are a Dishonored fan and loved the classic one, get this.Want to be a cool♥♥♥♥♥ninja? Get this.My friends all said Dishonored 2 would be the ninja stealth No Man's Sky of this year, well, they don't understand. This is no where near No Man's Sky. This is much better, it ain't worth your refund, it's worth your time.And now, I'll just wait for StealthGamer to go make this game a 10/10 somehow."
76561198028548503,Recommended,403640,26524665,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,ZetsubouSensei,"In response to all the comments about the graphics: I can run the game at 4k & ultra settings just fine with a gtx 980 ti. It'll stutter from time to time, but its not terribly noticable for me.As for story and gameplay, it seems very good so far, only dissapointment is its a lot less sublte with the moral debate going on. Everything seems pretty abrupt, and the game assumes the worst it seems."
,Recommended,403640,27359354,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,vVv Samona,Love this game so far but i wish it was a weeee bit more optimized and didnt crash my comp after certain cercumstances
,Recommended,403640,27506915,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Veuren,This game runs quite well despite having a mediocre computer. Definitely recommend to any fan of the Dishonered series.
76561198088773142,Recommended,403640,27590422,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,YOLOMZ,it is good
,Recommended,403640,28188371,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Apεх,"Was okay, I had to upgrade to a gtx 1070 from my gtx 960 2gb because i didnt have enough vram..Pretty short game but very long missions. In total there was 9 and each lastest atleast 1 hour+Not as good as Dishonored 1 tho :)"
76561198256387426,Recommended,403640,27432258,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,MayaNcー天使,"There has been a lot of blame on this game for performance issues, but i got it to work easily, and i can say that the game is very fun and captivating!"
,Recommended,403640,27858200,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Tommy Jarvis,Good stuff mang like yeah mang teleporting to people and killin em and stuff mang fun kills or maybe not mang.
76561197983071662,Recommended,403640,28531921,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,MegaGamerLukis,"Technical issues aside ( unstable framerate at times) this is a very good game with an awesome setting and awesome gameplay. Story not as good as in the first game, but still more than addequit and interesting. Steampunk( whalepunk?) + HP lovecraft, LOVE it."
,Recommended,403640,28278943,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Callahan,"Good game, great sequel. Still a bit buggy and a bit choppy here and there, but not enough to be bothersome on a high-end rig."
76561198067285420,Recommended,403640,28330773,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Beauregard Quitman,I have to give Dishonored 2 a lukewarm thumbs up. I am a big fan of Dishonored and came into the sequel full of high expectations. While it is a solid game with some nice new twists it actually feels less of a game than the original.The original Dishonored began development as an action game and the stealth features were largely tacked on as the game design evolved (per the devs). Dishonored 2 was promised to have better stealth development as it was built into the game from the outset. Unfortunately the physical stealth mechanics (ignoring powers for a moment) are actually pretty simple... croutch and get high. Darkness doesn't help much and getting under tables doesn't help much. But croutch in a transom and you are well nigh invisible. The stealth mechanics in the original were simple more fun than in the sequel.The tweaking of Corvo's powers a nice but as I was going for a shealth build not really ground breaking. The ability to switch control from animal to corpse to human was welcome but I found myself not using the power as much as I did in the original game. The reason is that rats are much more squeamish in 2 so are harder to get ahold of to control. Add in the relative lack of rat tunnels to navigate and the stealh usefullness of the power diminishes.The Princess's powers are a VERY nice addition. I went with a more lethal/high-chaos build for her and linking NPCs together for kills is great fun and the shadow form made for really creepy kills. In fact her powers were the high light of the game for me.One thing I was really looking forward to was the difference in the environment when playing low chaos vs high chaos. The original game did this well. I didn't really see any environmental changes at all between the 2 states. The ending chanbged but that was to be expected.Dishonored 2 is a solid game and is totally enjoyable by Dishonored veterans as well as players new to the franchise but the developers got lost along the way and missed too many opportunities.
,Recommended,403640,28368303,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Alcantizaar,Ignore the negative comments and buy this amazing adventure. You won't regret it.
,Recommended,403640,28530655,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,GeT_HaRd,"Awesome game, I think it's a 8.5/10, which is a decent score. The only reason I won't give it a 9/10 or 10/10 is because it can be a bit wonky at times. For instance, I'll be fighting and the enemies will move to fast for me to turn around, and they do a lot of damage. Sometimes, it'll look like you're a bit underwater- somethings get blurred and lighting isn't clear sometimes- but when it doesn't look like that, it looks FANTASTIC. I wouldn't say nearly as good as bf1 or battlefront, but there are some moments where it looks so realistic, you just wish the whole game was like that. Another problem is the framerate. I manage to get 30-40 frames on high shadows and high textures, everything else on medium, with a GTX960. I know they'll fix this, and the many other bugs, as they're releasing patches FAST, likely worried that they're losing fanbase quickly-which they are- but I want you to know this. The gameplay, the story- they're all great. It's the stupid bugs that ruin things for us. The bugs aren't even Arkane's fault, as suppossedly they were forced to make a new engine quick by Bethesda. Once they fix most of the bugs, which I haven't even encountered, and the graphics problems, than I know this one will be revered as an amazing, fantastic game worthy of the Dishonored title. But as it is, it's undeserving until they fix the bugs and errors.I reccomend this product because of the gameplay and story, and the overall feeling you get from it."
,Recommended,403640,27463108,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Mistre Mazafucker,"Dishonored x2 - x2 lags, x2 characters, x2 graphics, x2 price, x2 everything. (compared with the first dishonored)"
,Recommended,403640,28210844,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Suit One,"This game is awesome in many, many ways. The game is stunning, the combat is unique, and fluid, and the story is very interesting. I could go on and on, and I've only played an hour. This may become one of my favorite games, and to think that I may have skipped over it because of people with potatoes experiencing performance issues because they didn't read the minimum requirements, and complained, and blamed. I run the game at a SOLID 60 FPS, my specs are listed on my profile. Please, do NOT skip this over like I almost did. Buy it, test it. If it runs bad, refund it, no problem. Please don't make the mistake I almost did."
,Recommended,403640,27253920,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,TripleBriple,Cool Game!
76561198022850630,Recommended,403640,26587358,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Horatio Nelson,"I can't understand why everyone is complaining about this game.Yes, there are some issues, but this game is intriguing. I haven't chance to spent a lot of time on it, but i really like it.If you are comparing this game with The Witcher 3, just remember - there where a lot of crashes during release, and it was fixed during several patches, so just give a change.P.S Much better than Mafia IIIMy configuration:- NVidia GeForce GTX 980 ti- 32 RAM- i7-6700KI have my GTX 980 TI and, and i'm able to have almost stable 60 FPS on ultra."
,Recommended,403640,26594312,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,ogresav,"I really don't understand what problems people are having. It's smooth as hell for me, geforce 960 Ti and quad core 4GHz intel. I'm running windows 10.It's an absolutely awesome sequel. It's what Thief should've been, even has the Garrett's voice! It really is the Thief we should've had, clockwork steampunk magic stealth game. Absolutely fun to play, and very difficult on high difficulties if you actually try to play stealthy and get the bonuses for it.Highly recommend this if you trust you won't have performance issues (I have seen NONE)"
76561198268042988,Recommended,403640,30879047,Posted: 1 April,all,Papa Johns,"This is one of the best games I've ever played. It's just as good, if not better than the first dishonored."
76561198048508397,Recommended,403640,30862410,Posted: 31 March,all,GOT YOUR AK!,"Everyone talking bout preformance problems hahahahah... its a demanding game you best have a good rig i got a 1070 on amd 9590 and it runs great and have little to no issue.  Overall i have played tons of rpgs stealth games ect, chek my library if you want.  This game is worth every penny they only improved on the last iteration of this game.  I deff give this game a 10/10 i have many hours in it and the original.  Also tons of replay ability with new game + system.  I dont understand how anyone could not love this game the story is so in depth taking place 15 years after the original, so dont let these few bad reviews change your mind this is a tittle worth the 60$ price."
,Recommended,403640,29171971,Posted: 10 January,all,Glury,"Great game! Great level design + story, play it painstakingly to not miss ""little events"" and places to go and explore. Never had any fatal optimization problems, just a few crashes.Still 10/10 game"
76561197971300630,Recommended,403640,26519884,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,fmarvan,Just a few minutes in. It looks and plays brilliant !
76561198093812308,Not Recommended,403640,29538173,Posted: 28 January,all,Elrohir,Tried playing non-lethal. Enemies instant detect you and gladly kill eachother in combat. Spend 3 hours retrying mission 1.0/10 would not waste time trying not to kill again.
,Recommended,403640,26512071,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,kethlin_mil,!
76561198120157926,Recommended,403640,26533236,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Derequara,"Amazing game, love the new AI and powers of Emily"
76561198040853804,Recommended,403640,26544412,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Battlewrench,Great game that I wish I could play....the stuttering and fps drops make it unplayable. Patch coming we all know but better testing should have prevented this.
,Recommended,403640,26886912,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,LoganGreenJeans,"Sure, this game has *horrrrible* performance issues, but I'm here to argue that this game is great despite the many, many, many, maaaaaaany complaints of lag.I'm one of the lucky few that can actually run the game (Somehow with a very old computer,) and I have to say, Arkane has outdone themselves.Pros -Smooth combat.Fun mechanics.More of the dark, grim, and sometimes hilarious antics of those NPCs.Beautiful graphics, even on the lowest settings.Black markets.Fantastic lore, some answers, even more questions.Great questions on your morals, desires, curiosity, and how they shape the world around you.Cons -Horrible PC port/Performance.An *okay* story.When the game stutters, the mouse gets a little weird.Overall : Wait for patch, unless you want to try it and see if you can run it, then if you can't refund it."
76561198103446629,Recommended,403640,33287836,Posted: 5 July,all,Goldin,BethesdaDishonored 2Enough said.
,Recommended,403640,28261774,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,SNW,Best 30 fps experience I've ever had the honor of playing
76561198131816133,Recommended,403640,30988658,Posted: 6 April,all,bruntov,"The Game works better than it´s predecesor in al most every way. I enjoyed every second of it yet Corvo being able to speak and doing so often takes away the mistery behind the character, it is my one and only complaint.If you are looking for a fun, fast pace, one of a kind stealthy game with a  ton of replay value and good story, look no further ,I would most defenetly recommed this game to everyone!"
76561197969078157,Recommended,403640,35014047,Posted: 16 September,all,Aroma,awesome game! best stealth game out there
,Recommended,403640,26568951,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Kawaii_MC_Ride,"YES there are performance issues in this game that Arkane is working on AS WE SPEAK. Ignoring that though, this game is fantastic.The story, the level design, the Art design and gameplay are all stellar in this sequel to my favorite game ever, Dishonored.I do have some minor complaints though, sometimes the sound in the game is way off. For example I gaurd will sound like he is right behind you when really he is 4 floors above you. Also the game gets a little easy towards the end.This game is really good, but wait for them to patch all the issues out. As it stands now it is a really good game, if you liked the first one and can get past the performance issues, it is absolutley worth your time!"
76561198277381422,Recommended,403640,26757434,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Taco Supreme,"Ok lets begin. This is my first Steam review but I felt like making one for this game was a must. First off I was one of the people that bought the game from day one, so I know how bad it was optimization wise. But recently the newest patch as of 11/22/2016 made the game quite stable, more than playable, and damn right enjoyable. The story is better than the original dishonored and on par with the dlc IMO. The game is much more difficult then the first, which is amazing since I love a challenge. My rig consist of an i3-6100 and a gtx 1060. So I was experiencing some bottlenecking with the i3 but if I had an i5 I would have been able to play at almost max settings at 60fps. SO BEWARE THOSE WITH AN I3. Btw those without the right hardware.... it's not the developers fault your rig sucks, they even warn you with the recommended system specs so if you are one of those ppl who are like ""MAN THIS GAME RUNS SOOOOO BAD"" but has a gtx 660.... thats on you man.Story 8.5/10Gameplay 9.5/10Replayablity 9.5/10Balance of enemies 9/10The feeling of stabbing that A55hole in the back just bc he was taking to long to get into a vunerable position 15/10"
,Recommended,403640,26757345,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,DarkMyth,It's just as good as the previous Dishonored with a lot of mechanic improvements.  A lot of people have complained about performance issues I am glad to say that I have not experienced the issues they are talking about and have thoughly enjoyed the game.
76561198205054671,Recommended,403640,26757367,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,tearsdrps,"A wonderful sequel to an awesome game, bringing everything i wanted, awesome graphics, Dishonored style, good mechanics, awesome challenge in term of dificulty, (going on a no detection/kill run on max dificulty) have to reload the games more times that i would dare to accept. Loving every single experience even those annoying pin down moments, if you loved the first game, dont take my word for it, but I'd say you will definetly love this one. I have an invidia 970 and 16 g ram and it works wonderfully no crash lag or problems whatsoever. Now I'm heading back into the game to continue enjoying this wonderful dark world"
76561197970529873,Recommended,403640,26757406,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,edkamo,If you liked the first you should like if not love this one.
76561198133118278,Recommended,403640,26567372,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,tianiero,This game has improved a ton from the last one. It makes it easier to play the nonlethal game which I prefer to play. The only downside about this game is the bug with the strong arm charm. It is essential to a nonlethal gameplay and if you eqquip it and stack it then it just makes the chokeouts longer. Once they fix this bug I will be so happy
,Recommended,403640,28292465,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Ｇａｂｂ.,"Bought the game a few days after release, I've had no problems on my playthrough. And damn, I've got to say. I loved this game as much as I loved Dishonored 1, played the game without dark vision, hard difficulty and low chaos which made the game challenging (imo).I'm gonna keep this short and just say I recommend this game to anyone who loves Dishonored 1 or just stealth games with different ways to play the game that impact the story.Good story, the gameplay is enjoyable, new areas to explore, new characters and new mechanics!Dishonored 2 is a must-play, imo atleast."
76561198029544387,Recommended,403640,26524799,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Evil,"I think the negative comments about the graphics are a bit over exaggerated. I have a 970 and runs fine on ultra settings. Of course the fps could be more stable, cause it's fluctuating between 100 and 35 but mostly around 50-60 and far playable. I observed some texture problems e.g. when the wall and the floor meets, there are sometimes a white gap, which is a bit disappointing, but not very disturbing. You get the absolute mood of the first game with better graphics and a great story. So nothing special, that a patch couldn't solve, so I can just recommend this game. If you don't like to see lower fpss turn off the FRAPS, or buy a console... the game is GOOD!"
76561198011831380,Recommended,403640,26632571,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,DarthJJ777,"This game is incredible. It saddens me to see all the hate towards it because of the performance issues some people are/were having. I have a Nvidia 970 / 16G RAM and have had 0 noticable framerate problems running on Ultra, but maybe I am just one of the lucky ones.Dishonored 2 is the pinnacle of game and level design and I personally haven't ever been able to find a game anywhere near this genre that matches the experience and immersion that this game provides. Its most certainly GOTY for me. 10/10"
76561198063026869,Recommended,403640,26532136,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,tanguy.piotto,"People are just sooo harsh on this game, focusing on the graphics rahter than the actual gameplay or story... I personnally was a little surprised too that I had to lower my settings (from ultra to very high) but now the game works just fine. The story is amazing imo. Hope other people can see that, too. 55% positive reviews on this game as I write this -- unfair much?"
76561198065124829,Recommended,403640,26538467,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,markus.d.jaeger,Just make sure to set process priority to above normal in task manager and you wull enjoy the PC version. Its great!
,Recommended,403640,26679400,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Gigotdarnaud [Fr],"I don't understand the global reviews for this game. As I loved the first Dishonored, my expectations for the sequel were very high, and yet somehow the Arkane and Bethesda exceeded them.The gameplay is fluid as ever, and the freedom of action is real. I'm taking my sweet time exploring everything, so I've yet to clear the game, but so far I've only felt like being railroaded once - and it was to introduce something so amazing the devs had to forbid the player from using their powers, because otherwise there would have been far too many possibilities. And I do mean ""too many"".Oh, and as if the open gameplay wasn't enought, as if the choices weren't enought, you'll get to play the game twice, as Corvo and Emily. Different powers, different interactions... The replayability is real.Finally, on the PC port: it's actually very good. Controls schemes can be easily changed, and - joy! - there's native support for non-QWERTY keyboards (Fallout 4, I'm looking at you...). Graphic options are detailed, and not locked down like many ports, which brings me to the last point: the framerate.I have an i7-4930K and a GTX980Ti, and if the other reviewers are to be believed it would mean I'd have to play it at 10 fps on low. Surprise! That's not the case. I did have to bring water quality and shadows a notch, and leave AA at the first level, but otherwise? It's full ultra at 1080p at 30+fps. More importantly: it's STABLE. I've had ZERO crashes so far, and the only 'bugs' I've encountered were linked to the open-world nature of the game (notably, I managed to trap myself with the walls of the Clockwork Mansion - well played me!).So, is it worth 60€? Hell yeah. Bethesda games are usually amazing even when they're bugged to the core, so just imagine when they actually bother to hire betatesters beforehand!"
76561198048379243,Recommended,403640,26764248,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Cepheus,Game is awesome but not very well optimised. Buy it if you don't mind playing in 1600x900 if you have to have higher wait for patch
76561198026606572,Recommended,403640,26545206,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Gurkunov,"After using the fix Feg suggested I have so far run into no problems, seems like its exactly what I was hoping for in DH2. Think Corvo's model could have used a bit of work though."
76561198129694266,Not Recommended,403640,32662202,Posted: 22 June,all,DaBorneLaser,"VERY disappointing game. The missions (besides the clockwork mansion and the intro) were painfully dull and forgettable. Story wasn't that good, pacing was off, the hub area is boring, characters are lame, choices weren't so consequential as the first game, their weren't as many creative ways to kill main enemies, the two protagonists play very similarly and nothing is really different story wise depending on who u pick. The only positives are the graphics are better(even on lowest settings cause my computer could barely run it)and the gameplay is still great. Dishonored 1 is my fav stealth game ever and this was a huge dud to me especially after hearing critics praise it. REplay the first game and its dlc. 4/10"
,Recommended,403640,26646464,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,HELLA BREAD,"This game has large performance issues, but it is still playable on low settings, and the low settings are worth it for the amazing gameplay and level design. However, I appreciate that it isn't playable for everyone, and that it needs to fixed asap."
,Not Recommended,403640,35009693,Posted: 16 September,all,Notice Me Senpai,"Runs like♥♥♥♥♥♥ 2nd time being burned by the most recent steam summer sale. Both Wolfenstein and Dishonored 2 both just run so poorly.I'm sick of this♥♥♥♥♥♥ Dont bother releasing your game on pc if you aren't going to support it well. PC gaming is great, but bad ports like this are it's biggest bane.For reference:i5 4690k stockr9 380 4gb8gb ddr3 ram.My system isnt the highest speced but its def not bad. I should be able to get 60 fps on low settings 1080p. I do, but it drops sooooooooooooo much. Lots of stuttering and frame dips makes this great game hard to enjoy. If you own a game console just buy it on there where they give a♥♥♥♥♥♥Edit:I also tested this on my gaming laptop. My Lenovo Y520 w/ an i7 7700hq and 1050ti 4gb had terrible performance with this game as well. I'm beyond fed up with this game. Ports like this are why I'll never buy a steam game for full price."
,Recommended,403640,26527439,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Konrad,"For the little time I have played, I have noticed some inconsitencies in FPS. A bit poorly optimized, but runs OK on my GTX 970. I haven't been to the infamous second act yet.One thing I don't like is that movment just doesn't feel as good as in the original game. It feels much more stiff and harder to control. And honestly I prefer the graphics in the old one. I've noticed that AI seems to have a few challenges,  however the update to detection while being in stealth-mode is a welcoming change.Also, this game contains two of the hardest questions in life. Especially on the first playtrough. Corvo or Emily? Low or high chaos?EDIT: After getting much more experience with the movement and the game in general, I would say that movment and graphics are much better. Looking forward to the optimization patch. I can't thumb this game down, it's way to good. Shame it had the opitmizationproblems on launch.EDIT: EDIT: Well, game of the century."
,Not Recommended,403640,30987311,Posted: 6 April,all,Benjamin,"Worst performance I've ever seen on a game and i have the best specs money can buy utterly a broken mess, rip. What a disgrace"
,Not Recommended,403640,32802016,Posted: 25 June,all,Spooky McSilenthill2,"Dishonored 2 is a mess.The dialogue must have been written by a sixth grader, as every character emotes like a rock slab with half the animation, and each one has lines ripped straight from the world's most awkward children's panto. Emily Kaldwin and Corvo Attano have finally reached the pinnacle of boring protagonists, right there with Master Chief, Nathan Drake, Marcus Fenix, and every other generic white-bread protagonist simmering with nonspecific rage. Neither character has any kind of relatable/believable goal that isn't outshined by literally any other character. I speak no hyperbole when I say that Emily is the most boring, one-dimensional character in a Dishonored game (and that's saying something). Corvo and Emily could easily have been replaced by paper cutouts with frowny faces drawn on them, and there wouldn't have been much difference. Emily comes across as a petulant teenager (her poorly written ""diary"" entries spring to mind), and Corvo feels alternatively like a tired dad and a generic Strong-Man Savior trope. Fun fact about the antagonist: her driving motivation, the reason why she orchestrated a coup to overthrow Emily, is becauseEmily's mom was a ♥♥♥♥♥.That's the caliber of writing you can expect from the entire game.Aside from the story, the difficulty is completely ♥♥♥♥ed. Bethesda, work-shy ♥♥♥♥♥ that they are, elected not to balance their own game, and instead left it completely up to the player. There's an in-game menu that lets you tweak every possible factor that could potentially stand to challenge or interest you in any way, from ""Enemy Chase Tenacity"" to ""Elixir Strength"". That's not to say the game is easy - it's not, because the game is woefully inconsistent with its horrible difficulty system. The Clockwork Mansion, coupled with the clunky Blink replacement they gave to Emily, made for a lot of anger that I'd really have preferred to direct elsewhere.Speaking of the funky Blink replacement, Dishonored again shows its one and only strength: worldbuilding. Horrible characters and bad game design aside, the world of Dunwall and Dishonored in general is very engrossing. I could spend hours getting lost in the extended fiction of the world - and this makes for a much better story, too.Truthfully, I can only recommend this game to a huge Dishonored fan - one who can get over all of the dumb♥♥♥♥♥♥that drags it down. Even then, it's hard to want to play in and know more about this world when all of the characters we're supposed to care about are essentially identical to early Arnold Schwarzneggar roles with sillier accents.Don't bother. Buy Hitman: Blood Money instead."
76561197981601743,Recommended,403640,26538605,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,TheRavensNest,So far I'm 5 chapters in as Emily and the game is fantastic. It looks great and feels great to play. The AI is really improved over the previous game and I've been impressed more than once by it. If you loved Dishonored you'll love this.
,Recommended,403640,26754455,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Socky61,"The game is amazing and beautiful. I really love Dishonored. I am slightly dissapointed by Emily's far reach(blink) its strange but I guess I'll get used to it.All the reviews you read about performance are true. Regardless, I am glad I pre-purchased, and I cant wait for them to properly optimize the game.People cry about performance, but I was able to complete the game, as Corvo, on the hardest difficulty, 0 kills and 0 detections, so the game is definetly playable. The small fram drops are just annoying and relatively frequent, but the game is still playable.Anyways 10/10, always a fan of Dishonored."
76561198156464406,Recommended,403640,26653141,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,DryFilms,"I see a lot of people complaining about there not being a patch and how many PCs can't run it. However, I didn't have this problem with the game running at all, infact I found the game extremely fun and the lore is fantasitic. I highly recommend the game to anyone who is interested, it's definetly worth it."
76561198273323851,Not Recommended,403640,26752877,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Jack the Ranger,"""Amzing"" 0/10"
76561197971365812,Not Recommended,403640,26722091,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,jurgen_kutscher,Frustratingly difficult even for an exprienced gamer. Would not recommend this.
76561198055411235,Recommended,403640,30949058,Posted: 4 April,all,"I am a Scrub,","Contrary to popular belief, this game is quite good.The good stuff's just hidden under mountains of performance issues."
76561198072074687,Recommended,403640,26635387,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,41 | Syntax,"The story is kind of lacking, but the level design is absolutely fantastic."
76561197989554549,Recommended,403640,26536304,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Stone,"great game, runs fine on my 970 outside of a little wierd mouse behavior.Don't believe the entitled masses who just review every pc release negatively."
,Recommended,403640,26759269,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Suh,"Wonderful game if you look past it's optimization issues. Fascinating story, enchanting graphics, and delightful gameplay mechanics. If you loved the first game, this one is the perfect sequel. The addition of another playable character bolsters the replayability, which I feel was the only downside of the original game. If you haven't played the first Dishonored plus DLC, I would suggest that you do so before picking up this title. I say this mainly because it introduces you to the lore and world of Dishonored. On the other hand the first game is amazing anyways, and I will always suggest that title. Bethesda and Arkane have done a splendid job on this sequel, and replicated the feel of the original game flawlessly while still keeping it fresh."
76561198033213426,Recommended,403640,26603016,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Dicta,Just amazing :') !!! Remindes me a lot of The older Thief games. <3
76561198327852840,Recommended,403640,26547889,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,branson,"After spending more time with the game, the lag issues seem to be gone. There is still some graphic issues but nothing like how it was when I first got the game.I cannot recommend this game enough it is simply amazing. If you haven't played the first one you should and then play this game."
,Recommended,403640,26637123,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,dextar,"GTX 1080, running at 1440p on ultra, consistent 60fps (w/ vsync on, ~70-90fps off).  It feels like it could be smoother somehow but it runs perfectly to play and enjoy sofar."
76561197993379367,Recommended,403640,26687688,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Lord Traust,If you loved the first one you will love this one.  While some people have reported having graphical performance issues I have not noticed any at all.
76561198099079229,Recommended,403640,26626382,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,SHDW,"Performance has been the crux of this game's current rating so let me start with the hearts of my computer;CPU: I5-6500GPU: GTX 950Ram: 8gbShould a $60 triple-A game be released poorly optimized? It's kind of insulting when it's done to a certain degree, but I understand there are more variables to consider than when it comes to console. And besides, aparently Bethesda is on it.I'm not saying that the small number of quirks it has right now aren't annoying, but... I'm loving the game. I don't think my frames ever go over 50-ish where it counts and my settings are certainly dialed back around medium-low. The game is simply awesome, engrossing, and immersive. I've had a blast so far despite performance.That's just the kind of pc gamer I am at the moment. Sure, again, it's a little annoying. Probably MUCH more so to a pc owner of a rig worthy of extremely high expectations at a consistant level. But as a mid-ish range PC owner, it hasn't bugged me in the slightest when I'm drawn in as much as I have been."
76561198023530787,Recommended,403640,26761784,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Mimosa,"I know much people are raging about the bad performance. First of all the game itself is at least as good as the first part. The story is solid, logical but not perfect. The gameplay is even better than in Dishonored 1. The game gives you so much options to master the level; to kill your target or to find a non-lethal solution.Now a few words to the performance issues. There is a beta patch wich fixes most of the issues. Dont get irritated by all the negative reviews here, they are mostly because of the bad performance."
,Recommended,403640,26567526,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,FF_T0,Shall we buy this game tonight?Never Daud It.
,Recommended,403640,28465077,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,-I-_R4MBO_-I-,"I tried Dishonored 2 for an hour, and I can say that this game is awesome. Just a minor problem about the framerate in some circumstances. Well, I'm gonna refund this game and wait until sale off to get it. Btw, you could also get it when nVidia released 1180 and the game would run flawlessly. If there was a game that deserved Mixed, it would be Watch Dogs 2, not Dishonored 2."
,Not Recommended,403640,34493579,Posted: 25 August,all,SuicidalHamster,"The performance is still absolutely ♥♥♥♥ing terrible, I can barely crack 50 on low settings with a 390x. Dont waste your money."
76561198139819278,Recommended,403640,28877149,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,guymine123,AWESOME! 11/10
76561198340608171,Not Recommended,403640,33720092,Posted: 22 July,all,Private Glubhub,"Meh. To be honest, I thought this is one of the most disapointing games i've ever played, The graphics are incredible,  but the gameplay is wonkey and fractured, In the first game, you could turn around the corner and no one would see you, but even if you put the option as completely hidden you'll still be found. The storyline itself just felt sooo cliche and not original.  LIke thise random girl(unless you played the Daud dlc) turns the entire Empire against you by just saying a couple words? And the world, I hate so much, Everything in it just feels so bright, and somehow like Assassins Creed Four. I miss the old gritty feel of the first game so much, and I can't find here."
76561198039465359,Not Recommended,403640,31555129,Posted: 5 May,all,KoF SirCed,this game is far overpriced for the amount of play time given.it is a fair game though.
76561198009530859,Recommended,403640,26520216,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,joechip7,"Amazing of course although due to familiarity doesn't have quite the impact of the original. Make sure your PC is well up to spec though, I hope mine is, haven't reached the areas causing problems for some people.>>>O-M-G ! !<<< They have taken joypad preset number 4 away ! I *always* used that ! ! Now I have to push L-stick in for run ! Can we have preset number 4 back please ! ! ? ? All us loyal, dedicated Dishonored fans who preferred preset #4 ? How can we take back what's ours ?"
,Recommended,403640,26533947,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,(PG)RuntCaustas,"Edit: Now that it is no longer 4am, I will write a better review.Dishonored 2 starts several years after Dishonored 1. New dangers threaten the Empire and you get the choice of playing as Corvo Attano (Main Character of Dishonored 1) or Emily Kaldwin, who is the Empress. The main story takes place in Karnaca, which is on continent to the South of Dunwall. Using Mystical powers given to you by the Outsider you can choose to quitely and carefully go through your missions, or murder everyone in your way. Your choices will determine if Karnaca will remain standing after you are done.If you enjoyed the first game then you will most likely enjoy this one as well. While the DLC for Dishonored 1 is recemended for a bit of backstory, it is not required.I have a I7 with a GTX980 and had zero problems with graphic bugs or fps drops. Then again, I was playing with the auto graphics settings because I don't care as much for graphics."
,Not Recommended,403640,28220142,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,OaZipfeklatscher,"It kinda gets boring, I dont know thy but after a few hours the repetitive aspects become extremely boring."
,Not Recommended,403640,28436480,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Just Martin,"[POTENTIAL SPOILERS]tl;dr – Great gameplay, excellent level design, beautiful graphics. All let down by a poor morality system and a terribly unsatisfying ending.First of all, I am reviewing this game as it is today – everyone is aware of the technical issues it had and they have mostly been addressed at this point.The game is great for the most part. It has good pacing for your usual revenge checklist plot. It’s plot is not hugely engaging but it certainly isn’t bad; it never interferes with the gameplay and it provides for the great backdrop of Karnaca.The level design is inspired and it makes you feel like you have a much larger space to explore than you really do. There are side activities to discover that can be easily missed. Exploring each area feels very rewarding and I never once felt like I was put into a corridor.Despite some serious technical issues in the first few weeks, the game looks incredible and finally seems to run decently. Karnaca is beautiful and the period art style looks better than ever.However…Like the first game, Dishonored 2 invites you to make moral decisions that affect the final outcome of the story. It gives you the tools to be the deadliest assassin you can imagine and challenges you not to use them. This, for me, is where the game falls a bit flat and is something that I cannot shake off. There’s no shortage of games these days that challenge you to make moral decisions and change the narrative on the back of those decisions, and with games like The Witcher 3 offering multiple variations at its conclusion Dishonored 2 feels massively outdated.You are scored on whether or not you choose to kill or knock out your enemies and whether or not you remain unseen during the games missions. This alone would be sufficient if Dishonored 2 didn’t also offer multiple ways to eliminate the games ‘bosses’. You can either choose to kill them or incapacitate them in some other non-lethal way. When you are making these choices they feel important and far reaching – you wonder if they will affect the outcome of the story. They don’t. It comes down to did you or did you not choose to kill. The game has two endings, good and bad, and whether you choose to kill one ‘boss’ and spare the other only really tips the scales in one of those directions without any specific consequences. For instance, I chose the non-lethal approach for every ‘boss’ in the game, but I tended to kill a lot of the guards. In the end, I finished the game with the bad ending because of this. So instead of making meaningful decisions, the game says I killed too many guards therefor I am ‘bad’. It just feels weak and outdated. Why make those decisions if they are only ticking one of two boxes?One of the bosses I despatched in a non-lethal way by basically lobotomizing him, however he appears in the games 30 second (seriously, it’s 30 seconds…) ending cut scene as though everything is fine. It just feels like the decisions they challenge you to make were never fully realised and in the end the whole experience is binary and unsatisfying.It is for this reason that I, very regrettably, won’t recommend Dishonored 2. I had a great 20+ hours with it, but in the end I feel as those a lot of my time was wasted because of the truly poor ending to the game."
76561198080546169,Recommended,403640,26558417,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Dust,"Very very pleased with this game, everything has been updated, the gameplay is better, there are more abilities..more runes to find..the bone charm system is better too.  From what I've played so far it may essentially offer 4 playthroughs As well, 2 as high and low chaos Corvo and 2 as low and high chaos Emily, thats plenty of value for money, and to boot I haven't encountered any of the graphical bugs everyone else seems to have been getting. Get it if you can."
76561197994010631,Recommended,403640,26574130,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Jl,"Just finished the game as Corvo, next week - Emily.I am a poor writer so will just say that it was incredible and I can't wait to play it again!"
,Recommended,403640,26552060,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Miles Dingus,"There are performance issues, but before the patch I am running it at ultra 1080p 60fps with dips to 45/30fps in larger areas on:i5 6500 3.2GHzGTX 1070 founders16GB DDR4The devs are working on a patch that should make this game run even better.This game is awesome, it builds very well on both the story and gameplay of the original. I'm looking forward to playing this game more smoothly after it gets patched."
76561198072131069,Recommended,403640,26571370,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Cyber Ninja,IHave a GTX 1070 and I5 running it at max 60 fps no problems for me.
,Not Recommended,403640,31668226,Posted: 10 May,all,drowZebra,"Would rather play Dishonored (1) again than give Dishonored 2 a second try.There are probably only about 2.5 levels in Dishonored 2 where I thought the game was pretty good or just starting to get good in terms of new mechanics and level design, but the game does a poor job of building off of the previous levels or introducing anything in the way of new stealth mechanics.The story is super boring, as there is little in the way of meaningful character arcs or plot twists. Everything in the story ends up being the same as it's introduced and lacks depth and nuance.The biggest mistake Dishonored 2 makes is lacking level design on par w/ even the first game and failing to build off of Dishonored (1) in so many ways. It's the same as Dishonored (1), but somehow more boring.I finished the game and said, ""That's it?! Wow, that was BAD."""
76561198141889014,Recommended,403640,26631339,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Xz_NoVa,first off all this is a must buy to all the people that played the first game.The game has a great story great combat and an overall great feel to everything.The only problem is was the frame rate issues i have some how fixed (dont have clue how i did it) but the game runs 10x better.im currently doing a full stealth no kills playthrough and the stealth is 10000000x better than the first game
76561197977663001,Recommended,403640,26631013,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,jparb02,"Just finished first walkthrough. No issues, worked well and looks fine.Really a nice game and a lot more open than the first one. A real pleasure."
,Recommended,403640,26636582,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,WingBro,"I definitely reccomend this game, alot of people have been having issues with the performance, which I have as well, but was able to fix it by setting it to high, V-sync enabled, mouse smoothing off, and 1080p, HBAO+ off.Specs:GTX 980 4gbIntel i7 5820k7200rpm HDD"
,Recommended,403640,26763974,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,naytoo,"dishonored 2 , as the slogan says take back what's your's, does that mean i can take my money back bethesda."
76561198035596876,Not Recommended,403640,30968813,Posted: 5 April,all,Captain BallArms,Mhmm gotta love that stutter
,Recommended,403640,26694209,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,camelcloud,"Regardless of the state the game was in at release, it's now playable and enjoyable with the beta patch being available.980 Ti5820k16 gb ddr4850 pro, 850 evoHave fun, stop crying."
76561198093404819,Recommended,403640,27337436,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Nani!?,Much Frame rate
76561198075302696,Recommended,403640,26574563,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,DaPyro438,"NOTE:This review is for people who want to know about gameplay. If you want to see people ♥♥♥♥♥ about day-1 optimization, then keep scrolling.Summary:This game is the sequel to Dishonored (wow shocker nice observation there santa), and it sucessfully brings back most of the gameplay functions that made the original so great, and even managed to improve on some. This time, you get to choose one of two protagonist, the royal protector, Corvo, equiped with the powerful abilities from the original, or the emperoress herself, Emily, with a brand new array of equally-devestating powers. The chaos system still applies in this game, meaning your actions (killing or sparing enemies) will have a drastic effect on the world that surrounds you. Each level has great level designs which has several secrets, side quest, and different methods to complete the level.Changes from the Original:The following is a list of changes I have noticed (sorry that its in a random order).+The overall movement system feels both faster and more fluid, allowing you to transverse the rooftops with even more ease.+The new ability system adds more passive abilities, such as the ability to block/deflect bullets, and the new system even includes a new branch system to replace the original 'Tier 1/2' system. This system allows for specific powerups such as Daud's freeze time blink, summoning multiple rat swarms, and more.+Getting a 'perfect block' is harder, but even more satisfying with more dynamic, epic executions!+Even if you end up in a fight, you can now use a KO as a way to nonlethally deal with enemies+As mentioned above, you now choose between 2 different characters, each with different abilities and thoughts on the situation+There are far more citizens in the maps, which both adds a layer to life in the game, and another threat (they will call for guards)+The new black market allows for upgrades and different items allowed to be purchased+Bloodflies are the new rat swarms (with wings!)+You can now select a rune / bone with the heart to see even without the heart equipped+They kept the 'currupted bonecharm' function from the 'Knife/Witches of Dunwall'+You are now able to craft your own bonecharms+Optinal gamemode which removes all your powers+The original 'Dark Vision' is now a squirmy pulse instead of the solid white filling, feels more balanced+Picking up a bottle to throw now stays in your right hand instead of floating in the middle of your face+You can now set timers on clocks for timed distractions+Peak system now allows you to peak over things as well as around-Peak system is a toggle, which feels annoying after replaying the original's hold system-Guards don't constantly say 'Shall we gather for whisky and cigars tonight?'-Has the good old rusty Bethesda polish, with its wide array of bugs and glitches-Has one of the ugliest menu's I've ever seen in a game-The game looks horrible on low settings (more so than others, to the point you can barely read writing on objects)Suggestions:-Optimization patch (given)-Allow the option for 'hold' peak like the original game, for the 'toggle' feels weird-Bring back the 'Favor' system that was in 'Knife/Witches of Dunwall'-Bring back the 'ChokeDust' grenades which were in 'Knife/Witches of Dunwall'-I feel like this is a missed opportunity for a 'Cross-Game Save Data' system, changing the game's initial chaos setting based off the previous game-Considering you get to choose from one of two characters, it would be nice to be able to do some co-op with a friend-Suprised they didn't think of any new gadgets, like shock arrows or gas minesOverall:The gameplay is an amazing 8.5/10, however I'm going to drop it to a 6.5/10 because its optimization is pretty bad. If the game releases a patch which fixes the optimization, I will boost it back to a 8.5/10.Hope this helped 'on-the-edge' gamers, and shall we gather for whisky and cigars tonight?"
,Recommended,403640,26565166,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Justo,"I've played a lot more of this game since my initial review and my opinion has only grown more positive. Arkane is making the best games today, delivering deep experiences while so many developers simplify and whiddle down their presentation and playability.  There is so much to see and do and so many details to touch and interact with. This is about the penacle of true gaming. This is what I want my games to be like. Deeply playbable and fully explorable."
,Recommended,403640,26611115,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,uno,This game is awesome !!!
76561197987509829,Recommended,403640,26642573,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,BrAxY,"Great sequel to one of my favorite franchises. However, after i thought i wasnt havent any framerate issues I started to get them a few hours in. I really hope they fix this so it doesnt hurt a very good game. The story is good though kind of familiar in a way to the first. I love that they have voice acting in this game and not have a silent protagonist like they did in the first. Nothing bothers me more in a game that has a character that isnt customized in your own way but yet has no voice. I understand games that have that and why they dont have voice acting but in games like this its unacceptable. BUT they fixed that in this game and i must say both Emily and Corvo's voice actors were great. The art is tremendous and so different from others. I will say however that both their abilities seem to be the same just different looking. All and all it was a great game and none of the negatives really out weighed the positives. So Please do yourself a favor and buy this game."
76561198323732083,Not Recommended,403640,32042990,Posted: 29 May,all,Lucky Quinn,I feel sick
,Recommended,403640,26719352,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Dead Pixel,"Yes there is performance issues but if you care for dishonored there are ways around it however DO NOT BUY THIS GAME WITH OUT 12 OR MORE GIGABYTES OF RAM. To get performance in this game i had to dig out another 8GB of ram which near enough doubled my framerate from my original 8GB on ultra then i had to download another program to get dishonored to take full advantage of my cpu.In terms of a game it is probaly my game of the year, i would say the combination of powers with different playstyles lets you play the game however you want, want to kill, then kill, want to never touch anyone and sneak without ever being found do it. want to play without powers, go ahead you masochist. Story; an amazing combination of story without getting in your way with acompelling plot with a enemy who just despises you makes for an amazing gameplay experience. I have been shocked by how the story adjusts to your play style whilst playing as emily, she talks about how ""corvo taught her restraint"" if you are playing a merciful playthrough yet she will talk about how corvo taught her to ""leave no one left alive"" this subtle change allows you to play with total imersion.Now I'm a big fan of resident evil and i love how in those games you can learn to play quicker and quicker with subsequent playthroughs whilst playing with fun game mechanics and to be honest dishonored is just the same different playthroughs let you experience a whole new character and the prospect of story dlc is just exciting.TL:DR if you like dishonored get it and just deal with the issues, if you like story with great mechanics get it because its one of the best single player experiences of the year"
76561198049955812,Recommended,403640,26707699,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,BlindingPhoenix,"With a few bugs marring the experience, Dishonored 2 is a really good game.  If you liked the first one, you'll like this one.  I've noticed some minor performance issues, but nothing major."
,Recommended,403640,28846687,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Fraz,"Damn it, I need to pee..."
,Recommended,403640,33059279,Posted: 30 June,all,Vicky,"It is Dishonored, just buy it already"
,Recommended,403640,26664567,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,UndeadKiller,"Amazing game! Got it a day early and ran a little ♥♥♥♥♥♥. Played through as Covo and had a blast. The mechanics are smooth and play well like the first game. Wished the story was longer though. But great successor, bethesda has done it again."
,Recommended,403640,26725841,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Lt_Pyr0tek,"Play as Corvo, a stealthy assassin where you can use your powers to quietly eliminate enemies without being seen.orPlay as Emily, the fine lady who can go rambo style and fire up the area with your trusty dopplegangers."
,Recommended,403640,26582007,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Redkhur,"At this point, I'm about 5 hours into the game....and it's awesome. Great extension of dishonored in terms of gameplay and story.I was super hyped for this game and it delivered. I can't wait to wither my life away playing through this game as High Chaos Emily, then Low Chaos Emily, then High Chaos Corvo, then Low Cha(wait that guy♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off! KILL THEM ALL!)...then again trying to do low chaos as Corvo and getting♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥and just killing everyone...then maybe actually doing it on low chaos.IN TERMS OF PEOPLE HAVING A BAD EXPERIENCE WITH THIS GAME:Runs great for me. Specs: FX-6100, GTX 960, 8 GB RAM"
,Recommended,403640,26724298,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Carface,"My excpectation is not as high as many of these down voters, I am more cautious, because a lot of these games are very complex to made and people behind these games work so hard to complete it. Thankfully I didnt play this game on the first day, so I never encountered the major performance issues. A day later after the game came out, I decided to play and I was surprised with a huge update, took nearly 5 hours! I got curious about this monster update and I learned a major problem with ""game breaking"" issues with framerates. There's another catch, since im still using windows 7, the game refused to launched! it turns out my DirectX 11 needs upgrade to 11.5. My PC is really old, but it had been recently upgraded,  it comes with Intel Core i7 920 2.67 GHZ with 18GB memory. My video card is a single GeForce 970 GTX with 4.8 GB. This is far from a high end gaming PC.The game was automatically set to ""high"" and the framerate is reasonable. When I reached Karnaca for the first time, I had noticed a very slight stutter, its not really the game breaking people had been talking about earlier. The 6GB upgrade, along with driver upgrade from NVidia, fixed most of these nasty problems. I completed the game (logged 42 hours ) with no major issues, except for a bug that might tarnish your non lethal playthrough, but a workaround is available from message boards. I only encountered a single CTD, I considered this a hiccup rather than a fatal one. The plot is not Oscar worthy, but it is compleling enough to keep you playing, the visuals are amazing and the gameplay is superb and the control is fairly responsive enough I was able to escaped several sticky situation. The level design is excellent and the clockwork mansion and the time bending stage is quite innovative. The overall experience is not as strong as the first one, but I still  had a great time playing it. I recomended this game for experienced PC gamers, who does their own homework.Pros:- Visuals- Level Design- Gameplay- PlotCons:- Optimization issues. You need a PC like mine to run this game reliably. The game may not run reliably on minimum requirment.- You might be a little underwhelemed, if you had played the first Dishonored."
,Recommended,403640,26569807,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Uncle Ben,"Didn't have any performance or FPS issues.Seeing all those negative reviews, can't say it was a very good move to use users who pre-ordered this game as beta-testers.But, despite all those problems - it's the same good old Dishonored.After finishing this game I didn't change my mind at all.Awesome level design, interesting story and beatiful graphics.If you liked the first Dishonored (or if you like stealth games) - you're gonna love this one."
76561198145323047,Recommended,403640,26636830,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,queensnowflake,"Honestly, this game runs very well on my computer and I've experienced none of the issues that other people are talking about. I LOVED Dishonored 1 and I love this one even more."
,Recommended,403640,26532732,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Zany Zman,"My life today has literally been nothing but this game. Played on Corvo, nonlethal/stealth, on hard(I raged on V.H. a few times so I toned it down) the whole shebang. This game runs like♥♥♥♥♥♥ No lie there. I bet there some ini file tweaking that you could do , but I dont think we should have to. At any rate, if I wanted to rate things based on purely visuals, I'd go to a mueseum, Not saying mch considering this game is a piece of art. Perfect game, albeit the performance. Once the community, or the devs, come up with something for improved compatability , this game should have 0 problem being at least a 9/10. It's harder, yet longer, and more challenging than the first. Only complaint is that one boss is a bit too nostalgic(if you catch my drift) and theres this♥♥♥♥♥♥tier like assassins creed one audio underneath the water-bridge at dunwall tower. Bone Charm crafting is incredibly op, abuse it lol. Buy this game and love it, but be prepared for some ugly visuals."
76561198011942575,Recommended,403640,26724560,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Bohij,"Results may vary with your performance. Mine was a lot worse than I was expecting, but agreeable if the game was good enough.And damn, was the game good enough.This is the only real way to do a sequel to an already amazing game: You can't revolutionize the concept if the concept is already A+. So we get more of what was good, improvements where possible, and then legacy improvements to AI and environment.This game is easily worth 4 playthroughs, each of which are distinct enough to give you something worth your time. The level design is terrific, the music and world art is amazing, and the game is fun as hell."
,Recommended,403640,26599353,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,DIABLO258,"This game is fun. Pure and simple. The voice acting is iffy, Corvo talks too much. So does Emily. They will talk calmly as you murder people, or get killed. The movement feels stiff compared to the first game. My mouse has faired very well, no issues there.The framerate on my computer is stuck on 45FPS outside when on Very High. When on Low I am a constant 60 FPS. The difference is noticable, as when it drops to 45FPS it feels much worse, it stutters, it chugs, and it's annoying.But luckily my computer can handle it to a gegree so it's playable. For anyone with lesser specs, not so sure.CPU: I7-4790K 4.00 x4 CoresGPU: Nvidia GTX 970 4gbsMemory 16 gigs"
76561198174071537,Recommended,403640,26700446,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Roomaar,Shall we gather for whiskey and cigars when optimisation will be better?
76561198167529883,Recommended,403640,26639118,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,port.of.adia,"Amazing!!!!Not going to go into it too much as I would hate to ruin the story for people but...If you played the first one and somewhat enjoyed it, this game is an absolute must!!!From start to finish it was incredible. I played as Corvo (HARD) for my first go. I didn't want to rush through it and i took plenty of time collecting as many of the coins/runes and bonecharms etcAs for all the negative reviews?The game runs perfectly for me. No lag, stuttering or crashes. Well worth every penny!"
,Recommended,403640,26640183,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,heyayush,"Amazing Gameplay!The one best thing about this game is its amazing AI. If the guards see the door is opened now, they will be on alert and stuff like that."
76561198012960467,Recommended,403640,26752314,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Brave Galliant Knight Stevos,"Right im sitting here and reading all the bad reviews and yeah i agree about the performance issues, when i first got the game on my 560ti it couldnt cope! The developers let the side down on that one.But as for a game its awesome, played the first many time and really enjoyed it and just couldnt wait for this one.So much so i did have to upgrade to a 980 GTX to experience it properly, which isnt right.But hey i needed a new GPU anyway!!!No the patch is out hopefully people will give the game the credit it deserves, although poor that the developers released it on the pc as it was at first.Enjoy"
76561198035956387,Recommended,403640,26559722,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,RoyMasters,"This game, so far, is exactly what it's supposed to be, the sequel to the first game. It seems like the developers actually paid attention to the fans and took feedback to heart. The controls are just like the first game, which is one of easiest things to get wrong if this was a port (Fallout 4 was a port and this is nowhere near as bad as that game's controls and performance).Look I don't have the most powerful computer available.Intel I5 core processorNvidia GTX 970Windows 7Yet my performance is far from being broken. Sure the fps may drop here and there but does it ruin the game for me? No. Am I playing on max quality? No, I'm playing at the quality level it determined for my system and I can't complain; the game looks gorgeous.In most other games, like Witcher 3, Dying Light, and Skyrim SE, my system easily gets a smooth 60 fps. Here, I'm not entirely sure what the number is, but frankly it's high enough that I can still enjoy the game.My only gripe with the game is the voice acting sounds flat quite often. Also Level of Detail isn't very effective at times and popping is easily visible sometimes.Overall, this game is a must for any fan of the first one and I highly recommend it."
76561198043791841,Recommended,403640,26578075,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Senchou Vicho #duck,"Game is honestly great so far, I'm running a 1070 with ultra settings and it runs well, but I do understand that people with lesser rigs could be annoyed by the performance issues. If we judge the game on an actual story and gameplay basis it is great and I doubt anyone would argue that."
76561197991853186,Recommended,403640,26596871,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,rselbo,"The world of dishonored is awesome and the gameplay is similar to the first dishonored.It runs smoothly at 60 fps for me. Win 10, i7, gtx 970"
,Recommended,403640,26600234,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Forsaken_Symbiont,havent had time to play much but so far its great.runs very smooth without any fps drops (60 constant with VSync all settings maxed).it seems put heavy load on the CPU on startup (i7 6700 stock at ~ 70% [before the main menu]).GPU did not exceed 60°c (custom fancurve 980ti from gainward [other games like GTA V are runnning at ~70°c).
76561197971241515,Recommended,403640,26607715,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Vern,"I have to edit my review to let everyone know how utterly fan bloody-tastic this game is!It has jumped straight into one of my all time favourite games ever made!Mission 7 blew my mind! the people responsible for this piece of masterstroke should be very proud of themselves! CAN NOT recommend this game enough...brilliance in a nutshell.--------------------------------------------Fantastic follow up to the ledgendary first 1!this feels polished and have fixed the nigglies and problems from D1Such a pretty game to look at too....i lose myself, checking out the wonderment of the maps...runs a treat on very high setting...bit framy when ultra is selected but im well impressed with the porfrormance..(i7 & GTX980)ive only gotten started but i KNOW this game will have my coming back time and time again to unlock all the achievments. sneaking about with a few new powers and gadgets is great fun...ps. love the new ""haunted eyes"" sounds...its the same as the extra-terrestrail signals from the film CONTACT.bEAUT GAME... looking forward to the patch so i can run it on ultra"
,Recommended,403640,26624519,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,♥CRABCAKEZ♥,"Very, very good gameplay but quite short and preformance issues.Was hoping for more length, but it's pretty good for what it is.Buy when preformance issues are settled."
,Recommended,403640,26684439,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Jungkook,i have a gtx 1080 and it runs fine
76561198158621950,Recommended,403640,26590910,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Noxx,everything i wanted but even witha  1060 there is studdering in the open world parts
76561198117271178,Recommended,403640,26666218,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,trenthwhite,"Like the first one this is a great game.The graphics are amazing and the steam punk world is spot on.I recommend playing all out stealth,hiding bodies and trying not to be seen.Loved it."
,Recommended,403640,26621917,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,StainlessSteelRat,"EVGA Geforce GTX 980Intel i7 (about a year old)16gb ripjaws RAMSATA installationMost recent driversI have some weird performance issues in loading screens, but gameplay is rock solid.PC performance is always finicky.Other than that, it's pretty cool. I'll update when I get more time."
76561198080990326,Recommended,403640,31068014,Posted: 10 April,all,Slayer_Grant,"Sick, awesome, best game ever!"
,Recommended,403640,26626223,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Pvt. Partts,"The game so far is a fun experience just like the first installment. Of course the FPS issue is a nuisance, but hopefully in the coming week Bethesda and Arkane will fix this. Other than the FPS it's worth the money 100%"
76561198031867840,Recommended,403640,26668577,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Captain Lazor Cock,"Amazing game, and I haven't seen any sort of issues at all. no crashing, no slow framerate, etc. The game is absolutely worth the price and they are working so people using weaker pcs can play it.I've played something like 30 hours in the 4 days I've been able to play since it came it, which is almost unheard of for me."
,Recommended,403640,26692928,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,The_Real_Jupiterrr,"game is pretty good gameplay wise, but runs like♥♥♥♥♥on 2x 970'x and a 4790k"
,Not Recommended,403640,33275207,Posted: 5 July,all,ForeverRain,DONT
,Recommended,403640,26521142,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,~~mR.K,"yes i recommend it, good game, good sequalbut no, its not optimizedmy settings is ultra, graphics card is 980mthis game is 60+ in doorsbut once i get outside the fps can drop to 20"
,Recommended,403640,28177737,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,ShadowLucifer,Ok so idk why this game is getting bad reviews I have played this game almost 9 hours in the past 24. So for all you guys writing bad reviews you are trolls. This is a great game awesome gameplay and graphics and cant wait for the second play through.
76561198085821195,Recommended,403640,26515346,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Vitamin Water,unstable fps. bad pc port.i7 6700kgtx 10803440x1440frames drop to low 30's with everything on ultra and nvidia shitworks turn offotherwise pretty good game kinda like bioshock inf. 6/10
76561198054909698,Recommended,403640,26560979,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Art,"many people complain about game, low fps, bug....i have no problem, 60fps lowest i reached, in game 100fps averange fr me whit ultra settingsi like dishonored 2 more than dishonored9/10"
76561198128976353,Recommended,403640,30967886,Posted: 5 April,all,드래곤본,harder than dark souls 3.have to load every 20 seconds
,Recommended,403640,26595060,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,FredTheRed437,"Fantastic game so far. Some fps dips but other than that; great story, great gameplay, great lore and overall backstory make you feel immersed and the characters are well animated and fleshed out. has the same great creativity thing that made the first game great. ( I attached a springrazor to a severed leg and threw it at a group of guards then summoned a doppelganger to throw off suspicion.) Also playing as emily really switches things up considering there is another whole palette of powers to play around with. better options for non lethal and more gameplay options overall make this a worthwhile entry. 9/10Also worth noting, i'm playing this on a controller."
76561198072052987,Not Recommended,403640,33148856,Posted: 2 July,all,< blank >,"First review ever, but I can't remain silent about this plot.Well, I really loved Dishonored. I had both fancy gameplay and nice story. I can't say the same about D2. The story is flat as a flounder: first appearence of the antagonist is classic ""diabolis ex machina"", no twists (except that confession by one ally which is just stupid and has nothing to do with the plot) and a lot of borrowings through the whole game. Yeah, that last one can be said almost about everything, as everything was made up before, but others are not so obvious and predictable. The nly character I like in the whole game is the Outsider - that guy is the most human character there.I maybe banned for the next paragraph asa some one may find it's racist. It' really not, but everyone is so afraid of being racist these days, so it maybe found this way.Tolerance has come to town. Call me racist or sexist or whatever, but it's just illogical to have a black girl be a captain of a ship at the mid of 19 century. Actualy it seems like publishers or other big bosses just gave an order to add a black key character and thank you, writers, you weren't fool enugh to make black duke or alchemist. But maybe thats because they are (at least partly) negatve chars. That girl was the best choice in that case.As for the gameplay - well, little has changed since he frsst part and I don't think it's actually a con. It's a stealth action, goddammit, what radical changes do you want?! Ability to craft runes and charms, new abiities for Emily (yeah, spoiler, you can play as Emily, like nobody knew it) are nice.I can't reccomend this game. If you love Dishonored 1 fr it's story, it's characters and so on, I tell you this: don't wait for it in D2 and you won't be dissapointed. It's not a bad game, but it's worse then the previous part.""The death of the Outsider"" is coming out this Fall. I dont think I'll buy it after D2."
,Recommended,403640,26640901,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,vicariousWrath♏,"To state immediately, I ain't going to ♥♥♥♥♥ or complain, nor ignore the optimization. Instead, I'll say this. Despite  the slight bit of tearing and slight lag at small moments, this game has thorougly gripped me with it's story, gameplay, graphics, and even controls. The game feels quite familiar to the original with a few tweaks and finishes upon the original. Yeah, the slight drop of 5 frames every now and then feels a bit off, but I know that it'll be fixed in the future, and rather, I should focus on having fun with it. Coming from someone who used to run CSGO or TF2 at around 20-25 frames a second, I'm rather used to this form of performance, and rather found it comforting, actually, but even then, the game felt beautiful in all other regards. While i've yet to finish the story, I've found it quite well crafted that has you feeling that you need to return to the original for.I do recommend this heavily, even if it does take a bit of a wait to fix the problems. Fixing a problem isn't immediate, and it can take quite a bit of time to, and I can understand that. It's better to be late, than never arrive at all. So in terms of grading, overall?8/10,  but with the patch to come, this is a temporary verdict."
76561198039625908,Recommended,403640,26643347,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,sassninja,"Dishonored 2 takes everything that was good about the first game, refines it, and then adds in new features that further improve the experience.The most striking element of the game for me is the world design, both in function and aesthetics. The environment of the game is fantastic, and each individual level is surprisingly complex and dynamic. The various unique features of each ensure that gameplay doesn't get overly boring and repetitive. This is also balanced out by the well-thought collectibles and lore placed in various corners of the world.The art direction is fantastic as well, and although the steampunk aesthetic is prevalent throughout the game it hasn't prevented a nice variety throughout different locales. **SLIGHT SPOILER my favourite was the decidedly modern architecture of the Duke's palace against the 19th century backdrop**Gameplay is nice, and Emily's abilities provide a nice variety in gameplay. At times it feels like the limited mana bar was stifling proper use of the various abilities in combination, but I am admittedly very conservative when it comes to resources. Stealth play is definitely encouraged and very enjoyable.One playthrough down, more to go."
76561198108414707,Not Recommended,403640,28739864,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,FloppyFishie,cant take a single step without my frames droping to 1. playing with everything at the lowest setting. im running duo 7850s.
,Recommended,403640,26614019,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Kmantium,"Despite many, if not most, people being unable to play this game for lack of hardware or game optimisation, it is an incredibily good succeser to the original dishonoured. It keeps all of the original game mechanics and adds more. The levels are bigger and feel more open, and the environments are absolutely gorgious. The AI has been massively improved, and game actually lets you do more for both lethal and non-lethal. Furthermore the difficulty has been bumped up to an eleven, so theres even more reason to want to do multiple playthroughs, besides being able to choose two different characters.To conclude I highly reccomend this game to anyone that liked the first one, provides you can actually run it, or when they actuallly optomise it. I am however blessed with a high end pc and the capacity to optomise the game myself so I am having a blast."
76561198049256630,Recommended,403640,26545468,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,NotronGame,"Dishonored 2 is a great game! Many people are having problems with running the game, but for me it runs fine. Well I did put the resolution down to 720p but don't let that keep you away from a VERY good game! :) (P.S. I can even play on high settings but still have to play on 720p, but the gameplay is soooo good)It is a great game, but only if you turn down the resolution/graphics :)"
76561198044337852,Not Recommended,403640,29260521,Posted: 14 January,all,McDonalds,bad writingruns poorlyfix your game
,Not Recommended,403640,34433101,Posted: 23 August,all,a helpless tramp,"Unskippable introAlso, kinda boring compared to the first one.I keep forcing myself to try to go back to it, and I just can't finish it.I think part of that, is that the achievements work against it (why not cut out half the gameplay, to get the self-righteous ""flesh and steel"" cheevo)And another part is just how much it tries to bludgeon you with ""be good, or else"". The first game did that too, though. And in the end, and I wasn't allowed to progress with ""clean hands"" because of an accident early on. Which has lead me to do a full blood run through of this one (leave literally nobody non-critical to the story alive)Corvo, and the heart really keep trying to drive home the ""oh, I'm meant to be good"", which is just made fun of by the fact that I'm murdering literally anyone I come across, and the story/tone just doesn't seem to fit.The one thing that seemed cool before I started the game were the clockwork soldiers.But coming up against them in the game pretty much forces you to sneak.They are a nuisance and a half. And don't really fulfil what I think their original role should have been, which is innovation on the game's part.Overall, though, I just see it as a further stagnation of the story/world.The whale oil /occult stuff initially seemed cool. But the achievements / I'm too cool for this game seem to be driving you away from the fantastical part of the story. So whatever."
,Recommended,403640,29317175,Posted: 17 January,all,ZiCell,Three easy steps to become a godlike traceur:1. SHWA2. ??????3. PROFIT
76561198075488445,Recommended,403640,29320602,Posted: 17 January,all,golfthonywangtano,"'Dishonored 2FPS' is a brilliant game because of the many things it does right compared to other single player titles, for example:Provides the least fps compared to mostChanged the least compared to mostNo online gameplay compared to mostHas a female protagonist that isn't sexualised a single time compared to most (not ironic, you're better off watching porn, trust fam)Compared to most, compared to mostAnd most of the most it came with a free copy of Dishonored 100FPS which was pretty good yes vry nyce.For the scoring I would give it a 60FPS at max graphics with a 1070 is not what I want to hear/10."
76561198171859737,Recommended,403640,31342201,Posted: 24 April,all,Rake,"DEMOS great!  if you forget ALL ABOUT THE story, and play the game, it's great!  the story?  L A M E ! how you can take this long for a sequel and it sucks!?  it would be as if hilliary walks into the WH and says i won you leave donny, and DONNY LEAVES!?  AND ON HIS LAST DAY!!  this is actually a better story, without clinton AND donny but as ridiculous. i recommend the demo and free!! thumbs up!!   the game?  thank you steam for allowing returns!  i had Z E R O pronblems running this game, and since everyone brags about how their PC is so great, i buitl this 2 and a half years ago and my GPU is almost 3 year olds, because its rebranded.AMD A10-6700 Richland Quad-Core 3.7 GHz  OC'ed to 4.216 gig RAMWIN 7 64Sapphire Radeon R9 280 Dual-X OC2 2 TB seagates HD1 1 TB seagate HDactual knowledge of how PC's worki just D/L'ed BF 1 on origin for 10 hours free, no issues,Rise of TR,Dues EXPAYDAY 2R6Far Cry PrimalArkham KnightDishonored 2Crysis 3SWBFWitcher 3HITMANetcetcetcnot a game this PC cannot take on and play, and not OC'ed. Mayve because everyting i have is AMD?!not piece meal intel, smasung or corsair RAM, nviada junk!?"
76561198124261876,Not Recommended,403640,29506158,Posted: 26 January,all,greenspleen17,"I can run it at 60fps ultra, but its boring as ♥♥♥♥."
,Not Recommended,403640,30047457,Posted: 19 February,all,Hera,"Story,The story takes a backseat in this installment. It is unsatisfying and a rehash of the first game. You are again dishonored and you need to get the throne back. If want a good story, you are out of luck.Engine,The game runs alright, granted my system is high end (6 core i7 and a 1080).Visuals,The game looks washed out - blurry event at resolutions above 2K. This won't win any awards in visuals. Crysis 3, from 2013, looks a lot better.Gameplay,The gameplay has not changed. It is fun and good. The replayability is there. You can be stealthy or go full chaos.Conclusion,As with Deus Ex: Makind Divided, the issue is not the gameplay - it is the story and length."
76561198361568096,Not Recommended,403640,29965355,Posted: 16 February,all,mickael_vezina,"The game objective tell me that I have to go talk to a guy, So I go.  I shoot a sleep dart into a guard next to him, and then the guy curl into a ball and become impossible to talk to... objective fail... what ♥♥♥♥ing idiot tought that if you neutralize the guard then you shouldn't be able to talk  to the guy.This game just feel repetitive the level  are always a very maze like mess and you got no map so you just end up following an arrow and hopping you get where you want... This ends up getting very redondant. The way the gameplay is made incite you to always use the same spells and cause an overall meh experience.I played on very hard and It was not hard at all,  its hard to not be spotted, but every guard is very easy to deal with if you don't care about killing them. Most of the time you try and  find clever set up to avoid behing detected for a while and then some stupid♥♥♥♥♥♥happen and you end up killing all the stupids guards you tryed so hard not to kill. And its so easy to kill them you never feel like you accomplished anythings. The only thing thats very good in this game is the environments/concept art. They are very good looking, the rest is meh.I would only recommend to buy it for 30$ or less."
76561197970364000,Not Recommended,403640,30302102,Posted: 3 March,all,newtyng5,"Whats not to like. It's great.If you can play it, it freezes every 20minutes. I could set my clock when its going to freeze. And although it seems a great game, i cant play it. If by chance the game dont freeze on you, then ignore this."
,Recommended,403640,28840610,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,ur mom,"im the villain, i dont wanna be the villain, but things just kinda ended up this way and i cant really stop anymore"
76561198063468272,Recommended,403640,33429710,Posted: 10 July,all,khloode,.
76561198170189959,Recommended,403640,29326901,Posted: 17 January,all,p_sok0,It's a super fun game and I haven't encountered a single problem despite being a few hours into it.
76561198031351340,Not Recommended,403640,34197199,Posted: 12 August,all,cdobson,"I thought I was being smart by buying this during the Summer sale instead of at launch. Surely they've fixed the bugs, and it's only $20! Even at that price point, this game stinks.Fundamentally, it's a stealth game where even on normal difficulty, the AI is part-bloodhound with incredible vision, tracking you down from 100 yards and behind a stack of crates. Once the alarm sounds and fifteen guards converge on your crates, the framerate drops and you're left watching what's essentially an animated cut-scene that occasionally reflects the choices you've made on your controller. Fun!Maybe the AI being the world's greatest trackers wouldn't be so bad if it was balanced by good level design to go with good production design, but multiple levels involve jumping around open city blocks on beautifully clear afternoons. It makes a player miss the fog of generations past, when it made sense that the AI only had a visibility range of about 10 feet. And why isn't your player character smart enough to go out at night?Full disclosure, I didn't get too far into the game; when a guard's response to his mate not being at his post was a full-on panic that led to him finding and killing me, I decided Dishonored 2 just wasn't for me; I don't need a game punishing me for doing its stealth out of order. If it's going to be that anal-retentive, I might as well just watch somebody else do everything in the proper order."
,Not Recommended,403640,33002960,Posted: 29 June,all,FRANK,It's Dishonored 1 but everything's worse.Just buy the first game.
,Recommended,403640,26530540,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Vehementius,"Same Dishonored I enjoyed during the first game, much improved in the 2nd."
,Recommended,403640,26530512,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,TheRoot,"Ok so I am ~2 hours in,Let me start off by saying I am brand new to the Dishonored series however Dishonored 2 looking good so far so hell I'll likely play the free Dishonored: Definitive too.Now many may think my roccmendation is a bad idea. I will get there however the gameplay is really good and the fact a patch will be added probably by next week means I do recommend it.Graphics: From screenshots and stills of actual game play and hell idling in the game look really good even with your settings have to be low key, However they get majorly docked because forget HBAO and forget 4k even on 1070 and 1080 (if you have a titan x pascal, yeah $1.2k yeah but even after that steep price you're not getting value. You're getting adequate expectations) I personally have a 1070 which paired with a brand spanking new 4k display. Ouch. Anyways PC masterists don't get on me 10-20fps increase and guarenteed ultra settings for 50% price didn't interest me, Back to the review they added just fine options but horrible optimization and sadly they will get away with that with a patch (why they couldn't add 2 weeks like Watch Dogs 2 is beyond me. Bet they barely had spent anything on PC testing) Point being horrible even with Vsync on, HBAO off, yadada it will be fine 60fps when I am stealthing and or low occurances but put a loud n' proud battle and it skinny ♥♥♥♥♥ yes I said skinny $#!ts to 30-45fps. You had one job Bethesda and frankly your investers can wait 2 weeks so your game can have better reviews, sales, and outlook.Gameplay and Story: This is great I absoltely love it, after first 2 chapters. Not gonna spoil but they do it well. It gives me a nice, healthy craving like the slightly longer than AAA game it is with hints of openness in hubs. But not a total obcession like Skyrim or Fallout.Enviroment and Level: This is also well done. Although it is kinda funny where there are obvious stuff placed to say ""Hey, Use this♥♥♥♥♥♥mate!"" but other than that thumbs up. I like the black market placement. I enjoy the hubs you get let loose on to ♥♥♥♥ up a civilian's day then to buy contraband ammo and annhilate some coup guards.Overall Integrity: This is a great game in aspects of a game a console player would only care about, But dissapointly Bethesda goes for modding the hell out of an aging engine and we don't get new tech and we get the results of horrid optimization and the result of ignorance towards testing ALL ports, 7/10 because this whole old engine and not adding 2 weeks to make sure your game is ship-shape, Don't tell me that would cause an issue with Watch Dogs 2 in timing. Watch Dogs 2 is coming Nov. 15 for console and Nov. 29th for PC. They could have gone for Nov. 24th for this PC port and have all at least less of a♥♥♥♥♥♥fest. Bethesda- Bethesda never changes,"
,Recommended,403640,27360726,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Lugsy,"Neccessity for Fans of Dishonored 1, no big changes for people who it wasn't their Cup of tea."
76561197993492635,Recommended,403640,27852628,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Jimbob,"Dont be swayed by the early issues, this is a n excellent game."
,Recommended,403640,28531871,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Tox Gondii,Dishonored reloaded.Overall great game. Some performance issues which I really did not notice all that much - on a high end PC however. In the last chapter several crashes and some tedious reading before I found out a fix to the bug (running the game in windows 7 compatibility mode).The variety of options how to solve the game is very nice. It is these options that are responsible for the high re-play value. Great voice acting. Great atmosphere. Very nice feature to play the game with different characters with different abilities. Totally recommending this game to anyone who enjoyed Dishonored I.
,Recommended,403640,27570384,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,The Wock!,Good story broken story.
,Recommended,403640,26922183,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Calas Typhon,Would recommend
76561198084966268,Recommended,403640,26530910,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,seannekic,game runs fine. not seeing any of the problems others are talking about.
,Recommended,403640,26557833,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,JAL69,"Great stealth game. Great story so far.  Great sequel.  Patches will hopefully improve performance.  Mileage obviously differs depending on PC and graphics card.   >30 fps seems fairly common despite performance problems and results in a game still enjoyable for many.  FPS varies, naturally.  But game is overall enjoyable for me.If you're someone that can't play non-competitive single player games at less than 60+ fps, you're probably better off waiting - or if you're hoping to play the game on a more moderately powerful/older PC, you're probably also better off waiting a little.   But it's a great game.  You definitely don't want to skip this one unless you have to."
76561197987501726,Recommended,403640,26558251,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,chaos,"just finished the game with no issues at all other than a few places with low fps, but nothing that ruined the experience for me.very good game and a very good sequel."
,Recommended,403640,26610558,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,CraziiNate,"Idk where all these negative reviews are coming from? I haven't had any issues with the games frame rate, or visuals. I get a constant 60 FPS. Love the story and gameplay."
76561197991569708,Recommended,403640,26532624,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Mr_Hyde101,"From a performance perspective, yeah, they need to optimize. And there are some bugs (my tranq darts occassionally kill people).But it is everything I would want in a dishonored sequel, well done :)"
,Recommended,403640,27046318,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Sultan,Great Game.
,Recommended,403640,26531531,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,LukeNoFurther,I'm not having performance issues besides small FPS drops. Guess I'm luckyIt's a great game btwLots of fun
76561198073138024,Recommended,403640,26551899,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,FeelsBadMan,I would say this game is very Good for what it is if you liked the first one. I would suggest playing the first one first so you can understand the story a little bit better. The game does explain alot of the first one. I beat the game in 8 hours I didnt collect everything I could I would say theres another 2 hours of just collecting to max out my charcater. Theres is alot of chances you get to change the ending and you also get to play 2 charcters that change some dialogue.
,Recommended,403640,26557696,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Benito Mussolini,very good game but there is some performance issues. hopefullly theyll fix them in the next patch
76561198168199358,Recommended,403640,26571997,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Larryccci,"I really like the art direction and attention to detail in the game.  I have played for 3 1/2 hours and intend to keep playing, wondering what will happen next and even interested to find out, which has not been the case in other  recent games.  I have played more of this campaign than campaigns of Titanfall 2 or Battlefield 1 which in all honestly makes this a pretty darn good game!  I have read a lot of reviews complaining about the frame rates, I don't really notice any problems.  I am running the game in 4K and have literally everything maxed out with my refresh rate set at 60 FPS, I pull anywhere from about 35 to 60 which I am good with, no stuttering or freezing or crashing, so really no problem in my opinion.  If Bethesda has a patch that improves this - even better!  I am running this on i7-6700K 4.4 Ghz and GTX 1080 Xtreme and have uploaded the latest drivers as of 11/12/2016."
,Recommended,403640,26624949,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,DizzyProphet,"So have had it for some days, and completed the full story now, and I find it fun and challenging . I will say yes there are some problems with the game. And they will have to fix them asap, but if you can look past that and think positive. and just bear with it for now until it get fixed. Then it's a great game, fun, hard, great story, and all the options you have to play the story and the different playstyles. Is really what makes the game great, and a great follow up to the first game. I think you should try to give the game a chance :)"
,Recommended,403640,26639320,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Yukina,"It's really a good game,but I have it eat the ash.   qwq  Awkward....."
,Recommended,403640,26653339,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,shocky97,"Dishonored 2 was just plain amazing. It builds off of Dishonored and gives you multiple unique challenges. The game may not run at pristine condition but that shouldn't be what a game is judged by. Ran fine for me on my laptop. I highly recommend it, especially if you liked the first game"
76561198050684035,Recommended,403640,33185063,Posted: 3 July,all,Sempiro,Masterpice!!! 1000/10
,Recommended,403640,26515492,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Badgerlord,"First and foremost - performance is awful. On a GTX 970, a core i5 4690k, with 16GB of RAM, I can get a framerate from 40-60. Playable, but not ideal.ANYWAY. While I haven't finished the game - only 6 hours at the time of writing this, I can say a couple of things.- the combat is amazing - fluid, fast, and very well made- from what I've seen so far, the level design is fantastic (a lot of thought was obviously put into these levels, as you can essentially play 12 distinct playstyles/games. Those include Corvo - stealth/assault + magic, Corvo stealth/assault - magic, and the same deal with Emily-ultrawide 21:9 support is pretty damn good (some things have black bars on the edges, but all the menus and the actual gameplay works wellI will update this when I've actually finished the story, but until then - I'm having fun so far, and I think if you've been on the fence about buying this, and are not particularly worried about performance, then buy it. It's shaping up to be a worthy sequel."
,Recommended,403640,26605229,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,andrudis,"1) PerformanceWith my configuration GTX 980 Ti + i7-4790 + 32G RAM I have stable 75-80 fps on max Ultra settings (1920x1080) with the lowest fps noticed around 65-68 during massive fights with lots of explosions and fire.2) ControlsThe only issue I noticed with controls is that mouse sensitivity if different for menu and first-peson. I had to set settings to 50% for both axis in menus I use default 1600dpi mouse settings and switch mouse to 3200dpi during first-person to get confirtable aiming speed.3) CrashesAfter about 7h in game and 2 missions completed there were none. Will update and this will change.4) GameplayI replayed first Dishonored just few days before release and I am glad to notice my experience improved when I started Dishonored 2. Some enemies may notice opened doors or guards missing. Some parts of game mechanics were changed and it was difficult to adapt at first, but after I manages to clear 1st mission with 100% stealth and no kills, I got used to it. Overall I am satifsied with this game.5) Bugs and glitchesThere were few. but most of them are not game-breaking.- 1 of 2 alerted guards just dissapear after I hided. I wan not able to locate him on the level, but after reload he was back and issue was not reproducible.- some NPC become agressive if you just bumb into them from specific angle.- not sure if bug, but after finishing mission 2 I had 2 casualties: 1 guard and 1 civilian. Strangely I reloaded game before exiting level and traced back trying to find dead bodies, but all were unconscious, but not dead.Overall:Looks like gambling with performance should be you primary concern with this game: it will either work excellent or terrible depending on how lucky you are with your hardware. If you are lucky - there is really not much that should hold you against enjing this game. If you are not... well, you are better refund now and wait for patches before retry."
,Recommended,403640,26606351,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Lucky Joker,"It's not a particularly good port and most reviews seem to emphasise that so I'm not going to bother going into that side of things. Instead I'll just focus on the game itself, which I was able to play without any issue through to the end and then some.The game is fantastic. It's on-par with Dishonored 1 in terms of pretty much every gameplay aspect. The ability to choose two different characters is a nice little feature, though I always felt the story makes more sense if you play Corvo instead of Emily (which is unusual, since in the opening few minutes you do play as Emily; including in the optional tutorial).It has equally interesting characters, encounters and levels. The levels are slightly larger, though I wouldn't say they're massively more open that Dishonored 1's levels. Still, they are bigger and there seems to be more attention to detail in them.Enemy AI is smarter. They will notice if you leave a door open, if someone goes missing from their patrol route and if on any stage of alert except the basic ""nothing's happening"", they will spot you quite easily if you're in any way in their line of site.It goes without saying that ""killing everything"" is still the easier route to go down, but this time they've added non-lethal combat and more variety of non-lethal takedowns to make non-lethal a little bit easier. Interestingly Sleep Darts seem a lot harder to come by, though perhaps I wasn't exploring the right places.The story is about as good as Dishonored 1's was, but the voice acting of the player protagonist definitely helps add to character. While I was nervous about Corvo being voiced as opposed to being silent as he was in the first game, I was surprised to find out that Corvo is voiced by the same actor as Garrett from the first few Thief games and it fits him absolutely perfectly. Additionally, the way he speaks, reacts to things and thinks to himself really add to the character because the writing really seems to nail down who Corvo is in the current stage of his life. Another nice touch is how you can definitely tell he is an older and more veteran Corvo and how he almost feels to be a successor to Daud from the first game.The Outsider's voice was a mild disappointment, since Billy Lush wasn't asked to return to Dishonored 2 to voice him. While still a fantastic performance, the new Outsider seems more hyperactive than the old one. He moves around, he speaks far more than he used to and he seems a little like he's on a low dose of cocaine; whereas Dishonored 1's Outsider was clearly absolutely impartial to everything, slower in tone and actions and only spoke enough to leave the player in wonder.Other than that, the atmosphere, the music, the improved graphics, the level-design and side-quests all make Dishonored 2 a worthy successor to the first game. It's not better, but it's as good as."
76561198131568465,Recommended,403640,26610682,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Captain_Fubar21,"Very Satisfied with the game overall, loved the traits you can add to your powers, i extremely love how you can choose not to have powers in the first place, I have not Played as Emily yet, because I wanted to continue as Corvo, but I will play as Emily and see what surprises await me in the World of the Outsider."
76561198046401738,Recommended,403640,26612241,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,LotharLive,"Once it is fixed a yes, absolutely! In it's current state a no. As there is something terribly off with the frame rate. It seems to run at a locked 25 fps which really makes it hard to enjoy the game.Reading other reviews about mouse issues I disabled auto-aim and acceleration from the start and didn't have problems with it.But having a very unsmooth frame rate is just not acceptable in this kind of game. Please fix ASAP"
,Recommended,403640,27006024,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,MrBlACkFlIp007,Still needs a lot of work in preformance but still a great game to play.
76561198068045175,Recommended,403640,26554661,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Jeff Bridges,"I play with 2 GTX 1080s so I can't really give any feedback on performance issues because I run a smooth 60fps. Dishonored 2 is a very fun game with lots of interesting lore and great gameplay, however I feel as if they've made completing certain goals (like getting runes) a bit unfair. If you don't have the correct ability you're out of luck. This however is forgivable so my review remains positive. Happy Hunting"
,Recommended,403640,26558632,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,TheJRCade,"I'll write a complete review in the future, but I wanted to share my PC. I noticed that most people are complaining about low FPS while playing. With my set up, on Very High settings I am averaging 90 FPS and if I put the setting on Ultra I am averaging aroun 75 FPS. I notice my FPS dipping when I use Ultra settings, this is the first game I have every noticed doing that with my setup. I very much enjoy the game and want to write a full review later, but I wanted to share my specs and the FPS I get so people can judge whether or not their system can run as efficiently as mine with how the game currently is. Hopefully they update it soon to fix the performance issues. I'd hate to see someone waste their money with a poorly optimized game.PC SpecsCPU: Intel® Core™ i7-6700KMotherboard: ASUS Z170 PRO GAMINGGPU: NVIDIA GeForce GTX 980 Ti 6GBRAM: G.Skill Trident Z 16GB (8GBx2) DDR4/3400MHzPower: EVGA SuperNova 750W"
76561198206744443,Recommended,403640,26558668,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Daft Who,"If you loved the first game you'll love this one!Only issue as of right now is that Its not optimized very well.I run on a gtx 1080 but i can still tell when the fps dips. usually get 130- 60 fps. never lower.Also some weird mouse smothing issue, at least I think that's what it is."
76561198047135754,Recommended,403640,26571404,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Barrel of Sarcastic Nuggets,"Original was one of my favourite games of all time, and I put a lot of hours into it, and can see myself putting many more into Dishonored 2. But lets get into the specificsPros:-Great diversity, Corvo and Emily's abilities are well thought out and fun to use.-Choices make a large impact on the game itself, not just the ending-A ton of customisation with skill trees for individual abilities AND for equipment-Fully voiced protaganists-I enjoyed the story (personal preference)-Campaign took me approx. 13 hours to complete (not rushing but not taking my time either)-Massive replayability with both Corvo and Emily-A no powers mode for the hardcore players out thereCons:-Optimisation is terrible, hopefully bethesda will release a fix soon-Visual glitches galore, again, hope bethesda fix soonTL:DR Amazing game, tons of replayability with a campaign that is fun, interesting and lasts a good while, but has quite a few optimisation issues that let it down."
76561198014321081,Recommended,403640,26580201,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Morf,"I made the huge mistake of reading some reviews before I bought this game, even friends of mine were crying it was a bad port before playing it. So I installed it, turned everything up to Ultra and streamed my entire experience on twitch. Game played beautiful, no fps drops, no stutters, no jitters, game runs very smoothly. I can only assume people have garbage pc's or just psuedo'd themselves on the hate train before making their own mind up.The scenery is magnificent, as is the level design. You can navigate entire levels without hitting anybody or even using your abilities, its very hard but very rewarding. Also some of the labyrinth type levels were something I've personally never seen in a game before, it was brilliant rescuing Sokolov.This game gets a huge thumbs up from me, the storyline isn't anything ground breaking, it all happens a bit fast, ""Yo, im the queen now""  ""ermmm... ok cool"" the entire empire within seconds now hates you lol, but looking past that, there were a few things in there that kept me on my toes and a nice backstory for the villain which we get to re-live and even change. The numerous ways to play out the storyline again are just brilliant.I loved this game, and I've only played it through as Emily, can't wait to do corvo this week.Don't let the cry babies ruin a fantastic gaming experience for yourself."
,Recommended,403640,26609797,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Subcommander,"Solid adventure/action game that I found myself playing for hours this weekend. I have a pretty suped-up system so the framrate issues arent horrible for me, drops down to 50 FPS at the worst with all settings Ultra including HBAO+ on an UltraWide monitor. It's a shame to get so many bad reviews for poor optmization but if it underperforms, it underperforms. Hopefully the fix will work for most..."
,Recommended,403640,26755565,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Jann Lee,Yes Yes Yes! Daddy Likes!
76561198037928627,Recommended,403640,26571814,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Trooper-S96,A Great stealth game with an engaging story that is sadly held back by launch performance issues (such as poor framerate and graphics problems) on pc. Buy this game when the issues are resolved.
76561198041226334,Recommended,403640,26589579,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,POLLSLAW,"This is fanstatic, has the feel of the last one but with more bells and whistles. I can go on and on about how great this game is but I wont because I don't enjoy typing because im ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. The only bad and I mean bad thing about this game is that the FPS drops to unplayable levels. This is what heppened to me.(Being sneeky and♥♥♥♥♥♥ not killing people, FPS drops to -7, have no idea what the fukc is going on, aleart everyone, DIE.)Arkane Studios said they would pact it in the next week. (today is 11/13/16) So we'll see.Wait for it to go on sale if you want to save money, if not buy it in a week or so."
,Recommended,403640,26521785,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Colonel Onyx,"Based on what I have played so far the game looks wonderful and runs great and stable on my system.*Update*Having now spent hours playing this game I am greatly impressed with it both visually and storywise. It is a wonderful game and very much recommended to anyone who enjoyed Dishonored.That being said the apparent major problems some are encountering need to be pointed out as well. Well I do recommend the game please be aware that at the time of this review the game does have issues on some systems.*End Update*My Specs:Win 10 64-bit (ver. 1607)16GB RAMIntel Core I7-4770 @3,4ghz (Hyperthreaded Quad-Core)ASUS Geforce GTX 980 Strix 4GB (Graphics)ASUS Geforce GTX 960 Strix 2GB (PhysX)"
76561198075060889,Recommended,403640,26753015,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,how159,"I have now played the game multiple times and just like Dishonored 1 have really enjoyed the game. Having the choice to play as either Corvo or Emily was a fun addition and the differences in their powers is quite enjoyable. Unlike the rest of the people posting about this game I have not experienced any FPS drops or lag of any kind. I do not recommend playing this game on anything other than a desktop because my laptop could not run this game at all while my desktop handled it just fine. As for the review of the story I was a little disappointed by the lack of changes in dialog between playing the game as Corvo or Emily. Whichever one you chose it will be 95% the same. This also goes for playing the game with high or low chaos. In the end, I still highly recommended this game for anyone who liked Dishonored 1 and can only hope that the FPS problems for the rest of you gets fixed soon so you can enjoy the game as I have."
,Not Recommended,403640,30419419,Posted: 9 March,all,AverageJoe,Artificial difficulty.Bethesda does it again.
76561198219406052,Recommended,403640,26849246,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Casual Gamerz,"Best game i ever played !!! Amazing stroy , Amazing gameplay !!"
,Recommended,403640,27007386,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,caecilius,The game runs like♥♥♥♥♥♥but is still a 9/10. if it ran well it would be a solid 11/10
76561197972515577,Recommended,403640,26541291,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,jsruzicka,"I was apprehensive after reading how many people are having problems with this game, but am happy to say I'm running it on Ultra graphics with no issues whatsoever (Intel i7, 32 gb RAM, AMD Radeon fury). The game itself is a lot of fun. Nothing earth-shatteringly different from the first one, but still nice to play again. Multiple ways to solve each scenario and I'm loving playing stealth so far, though you can also hack and slash your way through if that's your preferred style."
76561198169493970,Recommended,403640,27973450,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Fury,10/10 would date Emily Kaldwin because i would love myself a assassin girlfriend with magical powers.
76561198041681175,Not Recommended,403640,32395565,Posted: 13 June,all,Zero,"i played the first game more than 200 hours and got all the achievements, and i only play 2hours for this one and wouldnt bother with the achievements"
76561198065628500,Recommended,403640,27359026,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,DemeterPRODEGY,"A lot of people don't like this game for its frames,resolution, whatever probs, but I really like it, love it I should  say. I'm one who doesn't care for those problems, I only care if the story is good or not. And I must say it's pretty damn good."
76561198040477610,Recommended,403640,27359081,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,LeCozy,"If you like a challenge, Play on Very hard(guards detect you easier), Try to get Low chaos by not killing anybody, And try to get Ghost by never get detected and Refuse the outsiders gift(you will have no powers).Or Spread Carnage and mayhem my slaughtering your way towards the end. But be aware of the results of your actions and choices. GLHF <3"
76561198045717641,Recommended,403640,26668242,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Backflashs,"Performance aside. It's fantastic. Atmosphere, enemy AI(they notice if you remove patrols or steal something how cool is that?), level design is great. It's like playing Thief for the first time again.P.S. The only difficulty setting to paly at is very hard, AI changes drastically on other settings."
,Recommended,403640,27335503,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,k2z,Real good stuff
,Recommended,403640,26585048,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,The Bright Lord,"Just buy it despite the shaky port, it is an awesome game worthy of a goty title:)I would give it 10/10 damn perfect.Just finished the game and it is outstanding, the beta patch is damn good."
,Recommended,403640,28301239,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,The United States of America.,"This is a great game and it is a shame there are so many down votes.The gameplay is great. The Level Design is solid. The Story is solid and there is pretty much two stories with various endings. Multiple ways to play. Its just a solid game.Everyone is crying about FPS. I have a fx 8350 , Gtx 970, 8gb ram. I run the game fine at its auto settings. i was getting a avg 45-50 frames. Some levels even a constant 60 like the Dukes palace. On ultra I was getting solid mid 30s but it caused my computer to overheat. ((( Also I get BSODS/ Random shutdowns every hour or so on many games including this one but yet I still didn't let that ruin my experience you Cry babies )))The only thing I disliked about this game was the fact they didn't have NG+ on release. Oh I almost forgot and the community.TLDR ( even though not long ) good game."
,Recommended,403640,26568693,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,-=100%Psychopath=-,"I was hesitant to buy because of all the low performance warnings. Only played mission 1 so far and cannot deeply review the game, but I just wanted to report that there are no FPS issues on my not so hot Xeon 3GHz 20 GB RAM GTX 1060 machine. I am using the graphics settings nvidia geforce experience recommends (mostly medium, some high, resolution 2560 * 1440) - game performance is great, load times not bad at all.I played Dishonored 1 on an XBox 360 and was hoping for a similary good game. The second installment seems to keep that promise, I was immediatly drawn into scenery and gameplay again. You can play as Corvo or Emily (I wonder what the differences may be, only tried Corvo so far) and while your way through the missions is rather straightforward you always have several paths to your goals and several strategies (grades of violence, poking around or rushin it) to choose from. If you get killed and have to replay a chunk (and forgot to use the convenient fast-save), it is still entertaining because you may use a different approach and the action is just fun."
76561198061441226,Recommended,403640,26613768,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Skyrider,Great sequel to the original.I did have to change the game's priority settings so that it was set to Always Above Normal but apart from that honestly I didn't really have any lag problems like a lot of others seem to have.
76561198018530890,Recommended,403640,26757507,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Qyr - Anton Larsson,Awsome storySuperb level designNew interesting powers and mechanicsNo problem with preformance or crashes.
76561198322129716,Not Recommended,403640,34850897,Posted: 9 September,all,Schworpe 395,"Poor optimization trash storyline and overall a complete letdown as well as a downgrade from the first game. It is like the developers don't actually want you to play their game because of how glitchy hard to play this game is, and if you want to make any progress whatsoever then you need to constantly break any sense of meager immersion you had to pause and hold F5 for a second, which in all takes about 5 seconds due to how buggy the game is even just when you pause it. 4/10 This game ruined the series for me. It even seems like the chaos level mechanic doesn't work as intended, especially since you would have to have a disability not to figure out the simple nonlethal solution to every mission. I had multiple moments that really struck me with just how bad the game was, the most prominent example being the final encounter with delilah, which even on hard difficulty is completely trivialized by the terrible combat system and storyline/voice acting. I will not be buying anymore games related to dishonored and hope that no more are produced."
76561198099849336,Recommended,403640,26519887,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Ivanic,"great game,awesome"
,Recommended,403640,33513228,Posted: 13 July,all,FireLucet,"Good combat, story, and lore. Highly reccomend if you like any stealth games."
76561198048001693,Recommended,403640,26568503,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,nsandoval_cubed,Another great game from Bethesda and Arkane Studios. I have had no problems at all running this game.10/10 - This game makes Dishonored even better.
76561198042461838,Not Recommended,403640,31906243,Posted: 22 May,all,Jok,"Awful, barely runs on lowest settings making the gameplay slow and sluggish it sould not be my responsibility to complete a game that the game developers the,selves were unwilling to finish."
,Not Recommended,403640,33244832,Posted: 4 July,all,Absolutely Not Fake ScreaM,Thanks so much for great ****** optimisation like what the actual **** cant even play at stabile 30 fps? great gameDONT BUY IT ON PC
,Not Recommended,403640,34032443,Posted: 5 August,all,Bryde,"Bought this game in the summer sales thinking I was making a nice deal for the sequel of a nice game.Well, turned out I was wrong. The game is poorly optimised, so much so that I had to stop ""playing"" it after 5 minutes.Steam is also not refunding this game - which I can somewhat understand as it now has been more than 14 days since I bought the game - on the other hand I think they could very well make an exception if the publishers of this game ripped someone off - which they clearly did by selling a product that is having problems on so many computers (read the other neg reviews, they are NOT lying, why would they). I loved the first dishonored and now I'm stuck with it's autistic cousin. So yea, if you are ♥♥♥♥♥♥ ret4rded and want to waste money on this, I highly suggest you rather buy a nice brick and some 100m of fishing rope, tie it around the stone and let the other end of the rope fall down a building. Then go down and tuck on the line and wait for your death to occur."
,Not Recommended,403640,26690323,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,irerin07,I did not clear the previous game with no elimination just to see you lost your kingdom in a sec Emily >:(
,Recommended,403640,26635161,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,beanieboy,has borderless window optiondishonored 2 > dishonored
,Recommended,403640,26765236,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,AL CAPONE [Androse],"I love this game, plenty of fun, but I did have some performance problems, mainly insane fps drops, one oment it's 50-60fps and the next we drop down to the 20s, it was mostly resolved in the 1.2 betapatch, but the drops are still there. The FXAA and the TXAA cause my game to become blurry and destroys view distance; however, if AA is disabled, the blur is gone.Overall the game is new and is going through patches to fix bugs, glitches, and perfomance issues, which is expected, and aside from that the game is amazing, a solid 9/10. The rating would be a perfect game if the performance issues wern't as bad as they were."
,Recommended,403640,26607722,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,TF2C | L | uopenstein,"Once you get past the performance issues (just set the visuals to ""auto"" and it handles pretty well), the game is absolutely amazing. I played a lot of the original, and this is game is a fantastic sequel. Can highly recommend to anyone on the fence."
76561198123495659,Not Recommended,403640,29053037,Posted: 5 January,all,1oAce,"THIS GAME IS NOT A 60$ GAME!!! Its an 8 hour campaign on the hardest difficulty with no multiplayer component. This is not as good as the first dishonored, NOT EVEN CLOSE! The 60$ dollar price tag coupled with the lack of content is what kills it for this game, IT DOES ALMOST EVERYTHING RIGHT but content is needed for the mechanics to mean♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561197972573433,Recommended,403640,28246925,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,seaners,I am enjoying this gameGTX1080 1080p i56600k liquid both 32gbI get the microstutters and the textures look washed-outI use a controller so the mouse bit I can't comment onFun stealthGlad I got it on sale
,Recommended,403640,26678949,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,giraffelord2000,"Everyone seems to have a problem with the framerate drops and low quality. There is a solution for nvidia users. I know because I had the same problems. You only need to open your nvidia icon, and download the latest driver. It was even in the system requirements. So please don't turn down this beautiful game because of a simple resolvable issue."
76561197998049552,Recommended,403640,26759228,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,FyrN  久,"WIth the patch 1.2, this game finaly shines as the diamond he is. Fantastic"
76561197965361589,Not Recommended,403640,31829852,Posted: 18 May,all,Psymon²,"An embarrasment compared to the first, with no improvements in any respect.Terrible optimisation.Poor level design.Horrible script, badly voice acted, and far too much talking instead of showing."
,Recommended,403640,26626904,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Kiw3y,love it
,Recommended,403640,28659241,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Collations,Game is good.
76561198066090621,Not Recommended,403640,28795457,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Eruner1,♥♥♥♥♥
76561198111264937,Not Recommended,403640,28883935,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,jackwade21,"The movements get stuck while I move. Especially when I walk backwards or sideways. And it's constant, so this game is unplayable as a stealth game because of that. Can't surprise enemies."
,Recommended,403640,28665955,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Late,Runs just fine.
76561197996182747,Recommended,403640,30948910,Posted: 4 April,all,shokizm,"This game is superb - one of the few sequels which lives up to theoriginal!Great gameplay, great story, great graphics, great sound - really great experience overall.I got it on sale but would probably pay full price, after playing it for a while - this is what a AAA game should be in my opinion.NOTE:Not sure why everyone is complaining so much in the other reviews? Admittedly I do have a good PC (i7-6700k + gtx 1070) but for me this game runs Super Smooth all the time - no fps drops at all."
,Not Recommended,403640,34449459,Posted: 23 August,all,beel,"This is a great stealth game, but it crashes a lot. I'm stuck about an hour in because I keep crashing whenever I leave a certain building."
,Recommended,403640,30948970,Posted: 4 April,all,Uber,Recommend to anyone who enjoyed the first one.Really recommend once they optimize.
,Recommended,403640,26751722,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Ghilo,"I'm currently on the last mission playing as Corvo, and it's been fairly entertaining. The story is a bit similar in the begnining of the game but it picks up maybe 2 or three missions into it, so if you're not patient (or if you think it's too much like the first game) then you might not very much  enjoy it. However if you can stick it out you will get engrosed and invested in the story. If you're planning on doing a max difficulty ghost and non lethal run, save save save. I cannot ♥♥♥♥ing stress this enough, if there's one thing that sucks balls in this game it's the lack of flexibility with saving. If you don't make a save in the very begining of every mission, you'll have to rely on the autosaves and quick saves which can both be♥♥♥♥♥♥ especially if you've been spotted once or some guard accidentally kills someone and the game counts it as a kill for you. All of a sudden you can go back to a proper save and now you have to go back two ♥♥♥♥ing missions because the game won't just let you restard the mission... Yeah it♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off, and it will♥♥♥♥♥♥you off too if you don't take the vicarious lesson. Game play is very clean very neat just as you'd expect from Dishonred and Bethesda. Graphics are absolutely gorgeous, I mean just looking out at the city scapes or even just looking at the water, it's really an eyegasm. So if you can play at max settings do it up."
,Recommended,403640,26585065,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,amiko_16,"This is a great sequel. I tend to play low chaos, and it's a little more challenging than it was in the original DH, mostly due to the fact that the enemy AI is more intelligent. Emily has some awesome powers, and a lot of them are great for anyone trying for low chaos, as she has several that are based around misdirecting enemies. The domino power is also extremely useful. Random throwaway thing I liked-- the shrines are actually noted when you use the heart, so you don't have to search high and low trying to figure out where/if there's a shrine. This might have been more useful to me than others, since I can't always be bothered to hunt down every single rune in every mission in an attempt to find a shrine.It feels like this has a bit more replayability to it even if, say, you want to do another low chaos playthrough (or two high chaos, whichever), because Corvo and Emily have different powers, so you can shake it up in how you approach things even more.(Disclaimer-- I haven't reached the last mission yet, and I'm experiencing very little of the framerate issues a lot of people have been suffering)(Edit-- it did start getting choppy at the last mission, but not unplayable, just annoying)"
,Recommended,403640,26676835,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Enviax™,Absolutely love the Dishonored Franchise. At first I was a bit unsure about getting DH2 just because of the known performance issues but everything ran perfectly for me. For those curious about my setup and want to compare; just look at my profile. Overall 10/10! <3
,Recommended,403640,26750405,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,davidbluegarrison,"I have not had any issues with the game, it's been running perfect and my set up is about 3 years old.The game is beautiful like the first and I love that if you take your time and explore, you'll discover a much richer world they've created. The game is worth playing for the art direction alone.It's a must-have if you enjoyed the first game."
76561198050174900,Recommended,403640,26760860,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,jonamundson,"This game has an enriching story and great gameplay. There is high replayability with this one and many different adventerous routes you can take. You can play any way you want, be it killing everything in sight or sneaking around undetected. These options really help make the game fun for everyone and allow multiple playthroughs.Nearly all of the negative reviews I've noticed are because of gameplay issues. A friend and myself have only noticed a couple very minor issues at most and don't believe the game should recieve this much hate from a bunch of people who barely played the game."
76561198160615313,Recommended,403640,26761415,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,ZeKhai.Ng,I am the lucky few to have played the game with little to no problems. Honestly this game is an absolute gem if you like dishonored you will like this even more. What you waiting for buy this game now. 😀
,Recommended,403640,26576055,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,james.kay,"Being lucky to have a beefy enough machine not to have the performance issues of many of the reviewers, I can say the gameplay itself is excellent. I have experienced a couple of annoying bugs though, but nothing game-breaking so far.The new powers are superb, the level layouts insane. An absolute must for any fan of Dishonored!"
,Recommended,403640,26575799,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Pineapples,"This game is very good and looks just the same. The only problem with the game is the same thing everybody keeps getting mad about: the poor optimization. Even with a Geforce 1080 I still got stuttering and low frames. However, I don't think that this problem alone should make this game terrible like everyone else is saying right now. It is a great game with neat powers and abilities along with unique and beautiful locations, along with good voice acting, AI, lighting, and story. The game has many twists and turns with SO many options on how you play the game. The only problem is, again, the pesky optimization. So overall, it's a great game that only suffers from poor optimization that is supposedly being fixed is the coming days."
,Recommended,403640,33272150,Posted: 5 July,all,NACHO,.
76561198126940173,Recommended,403640,28827072,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Philip ptbh razer nzxt,best game ever
,Not Recommended,403640,33633017,Posted: 18 July,all,WulfMaan,"The first Dishonored was absolutley fantastic and really enjoyable to play the entire way through. It was fun to play stealthily and fun to play like a serial killer.Dishonored 2 however is more infuriating than it is fun. The stealth mechanics feel clunky (for lack of a better word). For me, I want to get through the game without being detected and without killing anyone, but it then just turns into a quick save/quick load fest. In the first Dishonored, doing a no detection/no kill run was challenging BUT enjoyable. Doing it for Dishonored 2 just isnt.Not only that, but the performace is very shoddy. Sometimes it will hit 60fps, but most of the time its down into 45-35fps. Which is a shame because the game looks absolutley fantastic, but it would definitley look much better if it ran at a stable fps.So basically, what I am trying to say is that Dishonored 2 is just a frustrating game where the stealth mechanics don't work very well and the performance is bad. I really REALLY want to like this game, and if I end up doing a run of the game where I can just go wild I might end up liking it, but for right now its just a bit of a dissapointment.(also bloodflies are annoying)"
,Not Recommended,403640,34511959,Posted: 26 August,all,mafarus,"Прикупил долгожданную игру в надежде на оригинальность, эволюцию первой части, но, увы и ах.При крайне завышенной цене, как минимум в три раза от реалистичной,  игра мало чем отличается от первой части. Из хорошего - осталась атмосферность и улучшена графика. Это, конечно, прекрасно, но... Все остальное - тупо калька с первой части, включая пусть видоизмененные, но мало чем отличающиеся перки и крафт амулетов.Если ты поклонник первой части, то на скидках можно и прикупить для коллекции. Для всех прочих - покупка откровенно на любителя. Не рекомендую. В общем и целом - разочарование, дешевка, халтура."
,Recommended,403640,30435208,Posted: 10 March,all,Elk,This game is fockin dank and if your expieriencing diffuculties with frames well... idk... fix it.
,Recommended,403640,26524619,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Niner,"Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥those reviews.What is wrong with 90% of those people?“Hey, i have a♥♥♥♥♥♥rig and i expect new releases to get steady 60+fps on ultra“This equals to“i have a ps2 and want to run ps4 games“SpecsGTX980I7-4790K32GB RAM2560 x 1440p  monitorModel Details on Ultra, rest around very high - high.It runs smooth a f, 60+,NO mouse lag, NO lag in menus, NO noticable FPS drops in high crowded areas/stealth - like many idiots reported.If you want to play pc games fine, but stop dragging FANTASTIC releases down with your negative reviews just because you cant run it on your pre 2005 toaster. What the ♥♥♥♥.“Hey i have read somewhere someone with a 1080 and i7-6k+ has problems on high“ ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥T“I have a 1070 and i7 and fps drops“ STOP lying about your♥♥♥♥♥♥rigIf you cant afford a decent PC in 2016, do something about it. Stop randomly hating on stuff you cant have. Jesus."
,Recommended,403640,26518447,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,xo5ox,"Updated review: The story is totally awesome quite the step up from the first game I really enjoyed it, you can play this game at least 5 times with different endings, but IM sad to say that the problems I mentioned in the first review are still there but there is a game update on the way from what I read, but i still say i have no regrets from pre-purchasing and it is still worth it with the problems i mentioned.I'm about 2hrs into the game (taking my time with it), gameplay is great and fun the story continues strong and graphics are amazing, there are a few optimization issues when in the loading screens im sure it will be fixed soon with un update, also a bit of frame drops here and there also expecting a driver update from Nvidia, overall im veryhappy with this game you can wait till these little problems get fixed but other than that I cant see any reason for you not to enjoy this game now."
,Not Recommended,403640,26524056,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,L$D,horrible optimization! I have a 980 and I can only run 60 fps with medium settings! Unacceptable!
,Not Recommended,403640,28213679,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Chewblackka,"Patch 1.3 finally allowed me to play the game. Then, after five hours of watching walkthroughs and reading/doing/eating everything in the first room I'm applying for a refund. I was a huge fan of Dishonored so this disappoints me. It shouldn't be so difficult to get out of the first room but I haven't managed it yet. ♥♥♥♥ whoever made this."
,Recommended,403640,28254931,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Pim #Baby Mario,I love the game so far scales very well with multi gpu systems and good options pc players want currently using the Nvidia driver 375.95 no flickering in 2 or 3 way sli mode pascal series gtx 1080/ titan xp and I like the new updated engine if you are a fan of Dishonored 1 I highly recommend Dishonored 2 pc version. And before you downvote check my sli guide I posted with results showing 2 way/ 3 way does work in this game  just completed the game and I have to say it lives up to the dishonored name beats the first game easy I hope we get DLC added for 2017http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=796921252
76561198054516258,Recommended,403640,26541910,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,david.alltree66@yahoo.com,why can i not play this game its starts up then it get to the loading the gos off
,Recommended,403640,26587757,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,vlund,"If you enjoyed the first one, I highly recommend picking this one up. I feel it's much more challenging than the first, and bone charm crafting system is amazing. Now I just need to build a new system since it doesn't run that well on my potato 0.o10/10"
76561198067274779,Recommended,403640,26601798,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,genry.ten,"Aside from some performance issues, this game is fantastic. No mouse problems at all, either.They've fleshed out the combat system for people who like to play non-lethal, and given you even more reason to explore. The story is great so far, can't wait to finish."
76561198049655874,Recommended,403640,26602564,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,aaron_57,"This is a great game. I loved the first Dishonered and this one is even better. I am running on a 970 video card and I have my settings on high, and this is before any patch (pre-ordered the game). Also, my resolution is 1080. The game is running fine and even better once I installed Process Lasso to make the dishonered2.exe high priority. The story and characters are great and game play is an improvement over the first. I recommend this game as it is the best I have bought in 2016."
,Recommended,403640,26632052,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Joel,With 27 hours played the game is overall amazing. However the lagg and frame rate drops are a big issue. I put my settings on very low to try and get rid of the issue but it still happens.  AI's are smarter than the original dishonored and makes the game more challanging which to me is a good thing but also proves to be quite frustrating. other than these issues i recommend to anyone!
76561198003380019,Recommended,403640,26636403,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Doppelganger,"I understand a lot of people are having performance issues with this game. I'm one of the lucky ones, in that my rig (OC'ed i5-6600K, 980 Ti Strix, 8 GB RAM) is running this game like a champ at 1080p. My review is going to be on the gameplay, story, and game world. I hope you guys get a patch soon!The gameplay is excellent. The core mechanics and game world will be very familar to Dishonored 1 fans. This is definitely a Dishonored game. But almost everything about the game has been improved. Levels are more complex, more vertical, and offer more options on how to progress through each mission. Guards are a little more difficult (slightly easy to alarm, they swarm you quickly when you screw up), but the difficulty curve seems fair. The new enemy type is a good addition to the game and introduces some freshness to the standard gameplay. The game is visually appealing - I never get tried of looking at the scenery as I'm exploring a level. I'm having a lot of fun playing this game.As far as negatives, there aren't a lot non-technical ones. The story isn't as good as the first. It could be that I'm missing the ""newness"" of the I felt the first time I played through Dishonored 1, but I liked the first game's story better. The voice acting was uneven at times as well. Neither the story or voice acting are bad, mind you, but I do think the ""averageness"" of these parts of the game stand out a little because the rest of the game is so well done.I'm playing as Emily and trying a non-lethal, non-ghost run as my first playthrough. I like Emily's powers overall. Far Reach is a little finicky, but most of the powers are fun and useful.Long story short, this is a great game that I don't regret buying at full price. It has my highest recommendation. I can understand anyone not wanting to risk buying this game right now, but if you decide to wait, definitely keep it on your radar for later when the issues get ironed out. It's worth platying."
76561198036096661,Recommended,403640,26725925,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,RynoStewie,"I've been running the game on ultra graphics, and haven't experienced any of the frame drops or other issues players have mentioned.  I will say for ultra the graphics could be a bit better, but that's the only negative thing I have to say after the 17 hours of playing I've put into it.Finding different routes to accomplish a task is my favorite thing to do in this game, thinking outside the box to simply get across a room is very fun.  I adore this game, and can't wait to finish it.  Story is amazing, gameplay is fun and keeps me hooked.  If you're still unsure about picking it up, wait to see if it goes on sale during the upcoming holiday sale.But for me, I don't think you'll be disappointed with this title.  I know I'm not, I keep coming back for more."
76561198025029765,Recommended,403640,26726172,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Myqehl,"I'm not having any of the framerate/lag issues that people are complaining about (2 970's in SLI FWIW).  The gameplay is great on mine.  If you liked Dishonored 1, you'll like this too.  Sneak around and kill dudes or toss grenades everywhere and cause havok.  Some cool new moves, maps are challenging.  I say give them a chance to release a patch to fix the issues people seem to be having and pick it up.  Great game."
76561197966975615,Recommended,403640,26546829,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,gugusfurz,"Gotta give it a go. Optimisation is bad, the AI is dumb and unless you play the hardest mode theres no challenge involved. Nonetheless, i really enjoyed every second so far."
,Recommended,403640,26609035,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Orgasm 4 Jesus,"I have absolutely no performance issues.  I run a GTX 1080, so I have more than enough to handle this game.  The game looks fantastic and runs smoothly.  The gameplay is stellar.  It is just like Dishonored 1, but with a little more added.  The stealth is phenomenol.  The story is also very good.  This is my favorite game of 2016 and I highly reccommend it."
76561198062145482,Recommended,403640,26716727,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Conquer,"Would be even more enjoyable if it only worked bit better, running gtx970 and its very enjoyable. 60fps some times only random drops."
76561198099637301,Recommended,403640,26758470,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Tom Cruise (real),"Dishonored 1 was one of my favorite games of all time and when I heard of a sequal, my expectations were not too high seeing how the sequal to masterpieces usually turn out. Still, this was pretty dang good. The campaign was shorter than the first but offers multiple playthroughs as either Corvo or Emily. My PC ran this perfectly and ultimately I enjoyed the game. Still, I will recommend the 1st over the 2nd but this was still an enjoyable experience."
76561198009981186,Recommended,403640,26541919,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,SirBernhardV,"I loved the first game so I may be a bit biased. Basically it's more of the same, great art style, great feeling in the gameplay and so far an interesting story (about 4 hours into the game atm). I'm playing the game as Emily and the powers seem to be different enough from Corvos to make it feel fresh and new, and the graphics most definitley are better looking than in the original game. There are some technical issues that are a bit annoying, basically the game has quite a bit of framedrops most of the time, I have quite a beefy computer (can play Battlefield 1 on Ultra settings 60fps 1080p) but even turning the settings down to low in Dishonored 2 cant save it from the bad framerates. It differs between 27-150fps all of the time.Basically, if you enjoyed the first game (like me) or if you just want to try out a new stealth/action game set in a steampunk world with superpowers, gadets, a good story and a real cool artstyle, and at the same time can oversee a few framedrops here and there, this is most definitley a great game for you!8/10, would recommend!"
76561198007235534,Recommended,403640,26546915,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,locustgate,"The game looks like an upgraded version of Dishonored's art style, no ♥♥♥♥♥♥ faces.The gameplay is similar with different powers and upgrades, air knockouts and combat knockouts.It runs smooth on my computer, but many have been saying they are having problems with FPS drops.Though I'm not a fan of Emily's sword draw animation."
,Recommended,403640,26562995,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,C1V1L cs.money,"Lets get the obvious out of the way first:Yes, this game does not run well yet.I play on a relatively old laptop with an 870m, but this game stuggles to achieve upwards of 30 frames in some areas with medium settings (yet stays at 50-60 in other areas). Don't go to low or very low settings, the game looks absolutely terrible below medium (but gorgeous at or above medium).That being said, even if the performance issues NEVER got fixed (but they will, at least a little), I would continue to play this game over and over again.It's just fantasic, I dont know where to start. The mechanics are similar to the previous game, but more fleshed out. The game is more challenging, yet it gives you more ways to go about your objective. Collecting all the runes and charms in a level takes hours, yet never feels like a chore (and i've never been a ""100% everything"" type of gamer). The game doesn't do anything drastic to separate itself from the original, but it's a sequel, we were excited for this game BECAUSE we liked the first one so much. The setting is amazing, though I wish there were more open areas, sometimes the paths seem a bit claustrophic.I am encouraged by the response we as a community have gotten from the team about the performace issues. Yes, they seemed a bit patronizing when they gave us some ""tips"" to help (lower the settings? Gee, thanks! Didn't think of that!), but they responded to us very quickly with a promise of a patch in the upcoming days. I would encourage you to wait for that patch before buying if you can, but this game is just amazing."
76561197979913231,Recommended,403640,26580591,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,MoustachePrawn,"dont really know about anyone else but im getting a solid 42fps (not as much as it should be but meh its playable) and the build of the story is great and emily appears as a somewhat complex character even though her motives seem somewhat skin deep so far (ive only played for about 2-3 hours so far) so there will probably be some plot twists and stuff that im looking forward to.on a  whole i think its a good game with a solid singleplayer experience and above than average narrative (again i have not seen all the story i am only judging from what little of the game i have seen so far, if i see anything that changes my mind i will change this review) also they have pulled off the graphic style really well that i think surpasses and still compliments the first game, no it is not photo realism like some people are used to but i think its nice but still gives the much needed attention to detail.All in all definitely worth a buy, i was a little put off by other reviews but after playing a fair bit of the game i can say i am happy with the purchase and if your willing you should just take the leap and see for yourself. :)"
76561198088066856,Recommended,403640,26601408,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,188PabloV,"So, as everyone had probably guessesd already the game mechanically is great, the world is also a lot better and tha art desing is quite nice.And optimization-wise Ididhad a probkem with that, but afterscaling the resolution to max(it was set on 1080 by default and i changed it to 3000), the game started to run smooth as silk. Not sure if it willl help everyone but it solved the problem to me"
76561197976947368,Recommended,403640,26677389,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Kohaegan,"I was a huge fan of the original Dishonored when it came out, in fact it's still my favorite game of all time, so my expectations were extremely high for Dishonored 2. And I have to say, it does not disappoint!! I still haven't completed it, but probably will by tonight, but so far I think I like it even more than the original. It's great being able to choose to play as Emily or Corvo, each with different skill sets. I'm playing as Emily now, but will play as Corvo directly after. I'm excited to use his skills and see the differences in the stories, even if they are just small ones. Definitely get this game if you like FPS, stealth, or just plain great games. Like the developers say, ""Play your own way"". No other game has so many different options on how to beat missions. Also, I'm playing on a six year old computer with a 3 year old graphic card and it runs perfectly and looks great on medium settings."
,Not Recommended,403640,28851913,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,OldNTek,PLZ FIX DAMNIT
,Recommended,403640,26530065,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Rad Sofa King,No issues running this game on Ultra with my 980ti. But it isn't fair to leave a review of a game a day before official release...
,Recommended,403640,28668303,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,youraveragesqueaker69,need a good pc but other than that 10/10
,Recommended,403640,29937641,Posted: 15 February,all,Dysoth,.
76561198113797111,Recommended,403640,26545455,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Psycho,"The game is great. If you liked the first pick this one up.Frame rate issues have been a real bummer though. However, since I've been playing this game for 2 hours (as of this post) and I was still enjoying the game has to be a testament to how good it really is.I'm only giving this a positive review because I love the game and Bethesda said they're working on a patch to address framerate issues and mouse smoothing."
76561198083642457,Not Recommended,403640,31291333,Posted: 22 April,all,Edward Kenway,-Only 9 chapters-end game less than 16 hours-Starting new game but still boring
76561198315078756,Recommended,403640,28911753,Posted: 1 January,all,Memes,I cant even run it it says D3D11 error and ive looked it up and i done everything i can do fix it. I have re-downloaded the game but it still dont work so from my 83 minuets of looking at a error sign i can really critic this.From the first games impression i think it looks like a very good game from trailers and gameplay and i would of liked it anyway because i loved the first game and this looks even better.P.S - Anyone got a solution to the problem?
76561198101939402,Recommended,403640,28921576,Posted: 1 January,all,Ithil-Emmë,So i love this game its one of the best games of last year...I dont see why everyone is going on about the peformance quality being low it was fine for me.Just get a better PC if its not working
76561198053711710,Not Recommended,403640,28687620,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,odisback,needs fix
76561198023566739,Recommended,403640,31036113,Posted: 9 April,all,Addi101_SEALTEAMRICK,dishonored 1 but at 10 fps and the player speeks now
76561198318201384,Not Recommended,403640,34688690,Posted: 2 September,all,Homespuncross54,"I tried to play this but it just froze at the second loading screen before the main menu, please fix it!!"
76561197999341979,Recommended,403640,28645552,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,dimebagrazorback,beat it in 5 hours.... while not bad first one was bit better... hopefully the DLC will make up for it's short comings.
,Recommended,403640,26516854,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,otismo,how do i use moves
76561197986970983,Recommended,403640,27462055,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Orion,You'll have more reloaded saves than money in your bank account11/10
,Recommended,403640,28197425,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Outer Lyrics,Kill peoples half of the city for prove you didn't murdered someone.10/10 must kill other half
,Recommended,403640,28576132,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Kuso baka,allmoust better then the first one
76561198191369046,Not Recommended,403640,30275081,Posted: 2 March,all,HoMoNa,d3d11createdeviceandswapchain... what?
,Recommended,403640,26549986,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Jury,"first of all, this game runs perfectly fine for me and I've never had any crashes or frame drops, so I can't relate to what others are reporting at all. I run on medium/high settings with an RX-6300 processor and a GTX 970 card.this game is very goodI like Mankind Divided better as far as FPS stealth games go but this has a few more things going for it, chiefly knocking people in real-time instead of a takedown cutscene, being able to carry bodies seamlessly from knocking them out, and the Domino ability being a much more versatile version of the double-takedown aug from DXHR and DXMDthe level design is some of the best I've seen, artistically and functionallyfinished it in 25~ hours, it's really good"
76561198065929639,Recommended,403640,26522402,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,[KOFI]Shrexual,The game is great; i was a big fan of the first one and the sequal lives up to the hype. Most people are moaning because performance issues with their AMD graphics card. I have a Nvidia gtx 1080 and it runs  perfectly. Im sure they will patch the game to improve the performance for everyone. Just dont think the game is bad due to the many bad reviews (and just dont buy AMD in the first place XD).
,Recommended,403640,26741577,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,coffeecherry,"if you liked the first game, you'll like this one; if it ain't broke, don't fix it."
76561198036824129,Recommended,403640,26740933,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Johnston,SO far ive only got to play like 10 min of actual game play and its AWESOME.. Unfortunately even with the beta drivers (including its newest ) I still can't play longer then 5 to 10 min with out it crashingIm also running an i7-3820 with a gtx 1080 and 32 gb ram. But HOPEFULLY soon it will run great for me so i can edit my review.I hope for everyone elses sake tho it runs great.
76561198156021248,Recommended,403640,26520639,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,WeeHammy,"i have got to say, this game will take me while to complete but on the other hand, it runs smoothly, looks beautifull, and it definetly delivers the gameplay. i wpuld highly reccomend anyone that was a fan of the first dishonored game to buy dishonored 2. 9/10 for me!!!!!"
,Recommended,403640,26639206,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Gook Nukem,"If you can look past the performance problems, this has been one of the best games of 2016."
76561198072619518,Recommended,403640,26727496,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,hvaleksd,"I guess i'm a lucky person. I was able to do a playthrough without almost any issues. I know that isn't helpful and I know how annoying it is to not be able to play a game because of poor optimization. If makes anyone feel better, I can't play Deus ex: Mankind divided because the FPS dips to single digits in the hub city, but perfectly fine in levels.Honestly, I thought the game was an improvement over the first. AI seems to be smarter (they will look in closets, under tables, and re-act smarter to the environment). The game lets you avoid combat all together (I never used combat, I finished without killing anyone) in true dishonored fashion. The game builds on concepts from the first game (many theories were confirmed in this, and opens up more possibilites for the future of the series). Overall, I like where this series is going and I look forward to replay this game.However, I kinda feel like the game was a bit too similiar to the first, lore wise. You have the same concepts as before. Another coup, a leading person framed for a murder (in this case, murders), a plague (in the form of bloodflies), zombie-esque dangers (in the form of keepers). I feel like the story itself could have been done without being so similiar to the first one, but it honestly isn't that bad when you actually start playing the game.While it is a bit too similiar for my liking, it goes in great directions. Using an egomaniac's own inventions to make him forget how to make robots. Exploring a ruined mansion through two different time periods with the chance to change the present. A beautiful and large modern home that somehow fits into the game world. These kind of things make the game stand out from the first.If you liked the first one, I would recommend this game."
76561197968339722,Recommended,403640,26551991,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,janschelstraete,I play on a laptop with a 980 m and have no issues at all.So far the game itself is very enjoyable.
,Recommended,403640,26589270,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Harold,"Great game! Bad performance, will be fixed soon hopefully."
,Recommended,403640,26609942,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Jew Lion,"To put it simply, this game is amazing. It takes everything from dishonored and improves upon it. The levels are bigger, more vertical, and more intricate. The gameplay has been balanced and improved. There are more guards, civilians, runes, and bone charms, as well as a more fleshed out upgrade system. While many people have been complaining about performance issues, I haven't run into any problems."
,Recommended,403640,26624933,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Socksyyy,Works for me flawlessly. Features two of the best designed levels in the past decade.
76561198055729605,Recommended,403640,26665608,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Vastra,"I love this game.Yes this game can be laggy at times until they release a patch but if you have an okay PC you can play this game on low settings and still enjoy this game a lot. It has excelent challenging levels and a wonderful story, im just sad i cant experiance it in a higher visual quality, but i love this game overall."
76561198109602224,Recommended,403640,26711972,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,ArbitrarySpore,"Personally I dont get Fps issues, because I have a GTX 1080, if you have that or higher than this game should work just fine.10/10 -I suck at stealth (and i'm too lazy to post an actual review)."
76561198078709314,Recommended,403640,26732070,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,principal RJ,Honestly one of the best games i've played this year. I was lucky enough not to suffer any major performance issues but its still clear that this game needs patching. I would suggest waiting a little while longer to get this game just to make sure you get a playable game for certain.
,Recommended,403640,26546663,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Ivan Ivanovitch Ivanovsky,"Did not expect it to be better then the first one, but it really suprised me. The levels are great so many options on how to take things and the story was a bit lackluster, but still really enjoyable."
,Recommended,403640,26609359,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,TheLudwiga88,"For what i was able to play of this game....Two whole missions it was beautiful and good. but now when i load it back up, about 5 seconds into loading the screen just sits there and flickers on a black screen. so just wonderful i cant even play the damn game. we shall hope the patch fixes that"
,Recommended,403640,26665542,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,H u l k a r o n i & C h e e s e,"I loved the first Dishonored and played the hell out of it! Including the DLC's! I've been waiting for a squeal and finally there is one! I'm happy that I purchased Dishonored 2. So far, I love it! Despite the frame rate loss at times the game has some performance issues according to millions of people's reviews, I see that this game is getting a bad rep. But I'm playing my game on Ultra settings and it's running fair enough. Again, there is some frame rate lag and such things and when running around or when blinking around and when opening the weapon select menu & going under water and floating in water there is a rendering problem with the underwater visuals. So far the game has not froze or crashed.  Though I myself and the rest of the people want a performance patch. I'm patient to wait for it! But please Bethesda don't keep us waiting for too long or else your customers will refund your game and your company will lose profit!!!"
76561198121815763,Recommended,403640,26700255,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,WoodStalk,I love it
76561198066474636,Recommended,403640,26703470,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Fwl Good Inc.,fix the pc plesi wanna playdishonured 2just pls
,Recommended,403640,26550042,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,self dstrukt,"Been playing for a while. never had any problems whatsoever. In videos, i have been getting around 47fps plus. gameplay has been rock solid 60. no errors, no texture stuff. no nothing. It's been fun. I don't do the preorder thing because i usually get burned, so i waited for this one. I wasn't really worried thanks to steam refund, but so far, it's been a solid and entertaining purchase. specs for comparison.i7-3820 at 4.5ghzgtx 980 ti16gb ram. Did not close any background  programs.running game at 2k. used auto settings, then set everything to ultra. didn't change my frame rate.give it a try. refund is the worst than can happen."
,Recommended,403640,26552841,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Dire Miralis,More Dishonored.  Can't complain.No issues for me on High settings.
,Recommended,403640,26755242,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,GoiterDude,"The game is fixed for me at this point with 1.2, but i do have a 1070 though"
,Recommended,403640,26550173,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Old Gregg,"I don't know about everyone else. My game runs fine 100+ fps on a gtx1070 on Ultra. Yes there are bugs, I've broken the game and fallen thru the map with the new tether blink many times :D I'm a huge fan of this franchise, and I'm absolutely in love with this game so far. It looks beautiful (most of the time, outsider scenes clippy) and loving the story so far. My biggest issue is keyboard lag. Definitely not as fluid as the first game with the keyboard/mouse lag but I'm assuming that will get fixed. If you're a fan of the series, I highly suggest getting this game!"
76561198045574304,Recommended,403640,26706473,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Double Entendre,"This is a superb game that i would recommend to almost anyone with the computer specs to play it. That being said the performance of the game on computers between the minimum and recommended specifications do not seem to be great, but the game is still playable. If you are having any performance issues with the game i would recommend usingprocess lassoas well as setting your prerendered frames to one in the nVidia control panel (I have no idea how to do this for AMD sorry.)I am able to run the game at a stable 100 fps on mostly high and very high settings with little problem with the  tips above.MY SYSTEM:EVGA GTX 1070 SuperclockedAMD FX-6100 overclocked to 4GHz8gb of DDR3 Ram"
76561198158206711,Recommended,403640,26729141,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Chapter: 13,"Works on every resolution but 1080p, for some reason.  Really weird...Great game, though."
,Recommended,403640,26615076,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Jordan---01,"GTX 980i5 34708GB ramWindows 8.1 (updates up to date)Graphics set to high, Water medium. Left it all on preset except bloom.Game runs great except for hiccup/ stutter very rarely when outside in a large area, its ever so slight doesnt bother me.Actual game is amazing, even better than the first one which I loved.(edit) Playing my second play through on ultra and it has slight micro stutter sometimes, not bad though for my specs"
76561198217952996,Recommended,403640,26569407,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,李舜生,This game has a billiant story build and I the gameplay is so smooth. These magics made me mad and I always wanted to find ways of completing the missions.
,Recommended,403640,28795230,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,ayy lmao,It's ok
,Recommended,403640,33275364,Posted: 5 July,all,Tyler,Amazing
,Recommended,403640,26618407,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Rourobourus,"Well than,Lets take a second and Discuss at this time there are roughly 2700 negative reviews for people complaining about optomization of this game and its overall performance,Lets start, First of all, running this game at 2460x1440p(120hz) resolution on a Single GTX 980, I am getting on avarage about 100 FPS on the ULTRA settings by default with Maxed AA, (Granted this game is a little processor intensive, ) Running on a devils canyon i7 at 5Ghz ( 1.87v) (consumes about 80% of processor use) with DDR3 clocked at 3300hz,So I have a "" Higher end computer"" if you would say,Granted from my personal experience with computers I have quite a substancial amount of knowledge when it comes to the software configuration on top of the hardware to provide the best optimal performance, However,This game does have some flaws with HBAO, and thats ♥♥♥♥ing it, If you dont like it turn it off, I haven't seen a significan't performance difference with it on or off so I have l chose to leave it onAll in all,This game is extremely well made and is a refined product I have had to make no additional configurations to this game , unlike the 2700♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off people that probably spent all of their money on a High end GPU just to be bottlenecked by their Processor or ram, this is quite a global issue and I can not BELIEVE the 2700 negative reviews for this game because people are so ignorant to purchase parts for a computer when they dont even have a vast understanding of how computers work,--- All in all, Now for the game,Granted in Dishonored, the game was absolutely incredible for its artstyle and gameplay value, so this one has a lot to live  up to,And guess what folks it absolutely does, It takes a lot of the key concepts of the first game and lays in on top of the immersive story that allows the user to become completey disconnected with the enviorment around you , and ITS NOT EVEN VR !That is how good this game is , They were able to take the ""Canny"" cartoon like , visual representation of this game to the next level with the updated refined graphics and lighting, They really spent some time on this to provide the user with the best appearence for this game, and I have yet to be disapointed,As you can probably see haven't spent that much time in the game yet to evauluate further on this story, However, I will come back and modify this review once I have completed the game."
76561197994543895,Recommended,403640,26695205,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Korolev,"It's a great game if you love well designed game worlds. The actual main plot line is pretty throw-away, but the world is packed with interesting bits of lore and environmental story-telling. The gameplay is fun, even if certain bone-charms and powers can COMPLETELY break the game and remove all challenge, if you know how to use them.I had a good time with the game - but then again, I'm one of those people who obsessively explore every single bit of a world and ingest every bit of lore I can find and take the time to appreciate the artwork. If you're one of those gamers as well, then you'll enjoy this. Let me put it this way - you can get through a level in 20 minutes easy - or, you can spend 3 to 4 hours per level, depending entirely on how much you explore and how you play. Certain gamers will take the pathway that takes 20 minutes per level and be very disappointed. Other gamers will spend 3 hours per level and get a lot of enjoyment out of this game.Technically it is poorly optimised - it's not ""broken"" - I managed to maintain a decent framerate in most areas - but there is no excuse for the level of optimisation. I can run Battlefield 1 and Titanfall and Tomb Raider on very high or max settings without any issue - this game made me reduce all settings to medium or lower to make it work decently. I can appreciate that if you do not have a very powerful machine, this game may be borderline unplayable - not because it really requires a powerful machine, but because the PC port is just that poorly optimised.I still recommend it, though, if you're the type who loves lore and exploration."
76561198076526825,Recommended,403640,28644832,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,MADD HHATTER,love it
76561198042640478,Recommended,403640,26720806,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Aelian,"Yes, technical issues (at least at the date this review was written). But if your computer can handle it, and you can handle 35 to 65 fps (note that later parts in the game are better, performance-wise) then definitely go for it. Got it on release, paid the full price, and I don't regret a thing. Leveldesign is great, world feels alive, Arkane did great again.Btw... next time Unreal Engine again, if you can? Pretty please? You know, the one that runs next gen graphics at 120 fps? That one."
76561198047479993,Recommended,403640,26521134,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Gameplayer4885,"Pro's:- Gameplay stays the same but has some nice improvements. More runes, bone charms and other collectibles to find, combat and non-lethal options has gotten a great update.- Good stealth, enemies are fairly perceptive and you need to make an effort and play smart to stay hidden.- Replay ability out the♥♥♥♥♥ 2 playable characters, several playstyles, several endings and lots of options and powers.- New game +. You can start the game over with your runes, coins and shop upgrades available at the beginning aswell as access to all powers from both characters, making for some fun opportunity for those interested.Con's:- Story and characters is meh. The characters aren't very interesting and the story is a re-hash of the first games story but a lot less interesting (which is strange since the setup seems far greater than the first game).- Repetitive level design. With the exception of 3 missions (4, 7 and 8), most of the levels feel very dead, similar or un-interesting like we're in the same small town as opposed to a grand city. They try to go for a quality of quantity with 2 missions that are pretty amazing, but it leaves the rest of the missions similar and un-interesting.- It's short. Just like D1, an average playthrough takes 9-15 hours depending on how much you want that hard-to-reach collectible. You'll rely on replaying the game a few times to get good playtime.I wouldn't recommend it at 60$. Maybe 40$. Compared to D1 (if you haven't played it, do it and consider getting the DLC too) it has much better combat, non-lethal options and Emily's new powers are fun and interesting.However, characters (especially Delilah and the Outsider) are at best less interesting and at worst they ruin a good character by creating a half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥backstory. Levels are a lot less interesting besides a few missions though there are a few amazing ones. Exploration is stil a big factor, but replaying through them isn't as good as in D1.It's fun. If you liked D1 and you want more, you'll probably enjoy this even if the story isn't very good but I'd suggest you wait for a sale or until the price drops a bit."
,Not Recommended,403640,28428956,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Eorekan,Game looks really bad on very high settings and has big performance problems. Stupidity and incredible simplicity of the plot also made me want to vomit. Just watch the first 30 mins of the game in a stream and you'll see what I mean. Your character is also narrating every stupid little thing and I find it to be very off-putting. It's like the game is hand-holding you through everything and doesn't want you to think for yourself. They never should've done a 2nd Dishonored.
,Recommended,403640,26759284,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Metatron,"Since we are writing reviews solely based on game performance nowadays, it works perfectly on my computer on Ultra, 60 FPS and never even crashed once."
76561198021296788,Recommended,403640,26750472,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,damitrial_deathmar,The game plays like a dream on pc. smooth running and the fps is stable average of 60 fps though low for what the specs say it should require but all in all it runs good. as for gameplay very fluid and fun. Given choices between two different charictors with so many endings is a blast and gives hours of good gameplay. good work on the game.
,Recommended,403640,26587852,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Philly Wonken,"Playing this unbelievably poorly optimised chunk of awesome for 20-40 minutes finally convinced me to push on and finally complete Dishonored 1. So, despite having gotten a refund (for now), I'm glad I played it and will most definitely buy it again once it's fixed and doesn't cost more than .And I'm definitely glad I finally played Dh1. I always figured player agency in Dishonored was more bound in decision rather than reaction. I also tought the balance between stealth and combat was way off. With stealth being madly difficult and combat being hyper easy. Turns out their both ""am I even playing this right"" levels of easy... Then again the last two stealth games I played were Double Agent and Thief 3 on Xbox1. Which are masochistically hard. On the other hand, when I was 5 years old, as winter slowly crept towards us on a windy autumn dayAs for the optimisation drama? Having played AC Unity and Batman Arkham Knight on launch. I can say it's just as bad as those. But, it's also more tolerable. Slowdown is better than stuttering, I think. But, multiple sections running at 15fps accross all hardware is UNFORGIVABLE.I'm still giving a good rating because optimisation will clearly be fixed a week from now and I don't care."
,Recommended,403640,26562164,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Tyrone,The game is great. I'm getting ~30 fps on medium but thats because my pc is♥♥♥♥♥♥Specs:GTX 660i5 34708GB RAMstill enjoyable though.
76561198086285769,Recommended,403640,26614247,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Rokket,"Beta updates r coolwhile it is buggy and really bad with frames it isnt unplayable i still get a solid 45-60 frames, id wait till christmass to get this game or untill they release the patch, go buy watchdogs 2 or the original dishonored, you wont be letdown by performance by these games"
,Recommended,403640,26765019,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,"it ist mi, Mark.","this is a game that i waited a long time for, and it was worth the time.~POPE BOI"
76561197970380880,Not Recommended,403640,28146162,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,David Bowie,"This game was a badly ported badly optimised clone of Dishonoured 1.  Exceptions being, it has a boring storyline, boring world building, and unimpressive powers.  3/5 overall, I would give it less but that would be unfair.  Uninspired and boring."
,Not Recommended,403640,32457006,Posted: 15 June,all,snag710,"Diahonored 1 was amazing and i loved everything about however every part of dishonored 2 makes me not want to play it especially how long the load time for the main menu is, and this confusses me the main menu is only maybe a couple of 3D models and some 2D art so why the ♥♥♥♥ does the Main menu take so long to load."
76561197972700452,Not Recommended,403640,30980916,Posted: 6 April,all,Mpsoldier83,"I can't honestly explain it any better than, I got bored.  I had no performance issues, that I noticed, but the story didn't grip me.  I don't care what happened.  I don't care what's going to happen."
76561197983108525,Not Recommended,403640,32724944,Posted: 24 June,all,Edgar Lindner,So far I like the game but it runs so poorly on my system that I will refund.It does not even look that great. I can't recommend it because the drops in fps are just too horrible.
76561198287284364,Not Recommended,403640,28883821,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,✪Milk,Read the reviews and they are true. I have a $2500 rig and this game looks like♥♥♥♥♥♥ It literally makes you sick to play after awhile.
76561197983869428,Not Recommended,403640,30108855,Posted: 22 February,all,Lefty,Oh man this game runs like dogshit i7 GTX 980 and fps is all over the place plus very very bad frame pacing just another bad PC port
,Not Recommended,403640,31635809,Posted: 8 May,all,calligrapha,Very bad game design (especially the last mission non-lethal version).Rendering is not optimized; low FPS.
76561198261973914,Recommended,403640,26759352,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,尹大坏叔叔,It is a very good game     I look forward it for a year
,Not Recommended,403640,29076519,Posted: 6 January,all,cheshire.panther,"If you played Dishonored 1 before, you would be pleasantly surprised that it is EXACTLY THE SAME ♥♥♥♥ING GAME."
,Recommended,403640,26560800,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Babo,"This game is amazing to play. The gameplay is crisp, and the mechanics are actually better than the first one. As I am on my first playthrough, I played as Emily and her new powers are extremely fun to use. There is however the issue of graphics, and  there are in fact dips in framerate.This is a loyal sequel that is amazing to play, however wait to buy until the soon-to-be-released graphics fix."
,Recommended,403640,26648612,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,zinnia,"The game by itself is a pretty good sequel to the original game and is a rather fun game to play.The only issue I have with the game though is the fact you can decided to play Emily. No matter how I think about it, this whole story arc feels more of a things which should have Corvo taking care of it and not Emily. It just doesn't make sense to me why Emily, his daughter whom never killed anyone, has no experiance outside of what she had been taught by Corvo, and has no prior experiance in dealing with the Void or it's powers. Yet would still be capable of handling and taking care of everything which occurs in the game. It just feels really forced to me is what I'm saying and that's why I have such a huge issue with it.Besides my 1 issue with game, I would still recommend this game to everyone. It's still quite entertaining to play through regardless of which character you pick."
,Recommended,403640,26764651,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,BasebornLion,Works fine for me now that the patch is through. 10/10 would skip collectibles again.
,Recommended,403640,26629945,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,SumserBoy,"I really don't understand why everybody is hating on this game. It works fine ( I have a very high end PC ). The game looks great and the AI is more responsive then the first game.BUT!!!There is room for improvement e.g. Patches for low end computers will need tro come quickly as the game is harder to run, MORE SLEEPING DARTS! and running at 30FPS in 2016? Come on.My set up:Cooler Master MasterCase Pro 5 Midi Tower Case - Black-Asus Maximus VIII Formula Intel Z170 (Socket 1151) DDR4 ATX Motherboard-Intel Core i7-6700K 4.0GHz- AMD R9 380 4GB-Corsair Dominator Platinum 64GB 3000MHz-Corsair AX1500i Digital ATX 80 Plus Titanium Modular Power Supply-Samsung 512GB SSD 850 PRO-Samsung 1TB SSD 850 PRO-Corsair Hydro H90 Liquid CPU Cooler-Microsoft Windows 10 64-Bit"
76561197987208329,Not Recommended,403640,28147341,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,brokin1,Trash... Was looking forward to playing this sequel but the game wont even run. Refund please
76561198066027482,Not Recommended,403640,29784618,Posted: 8 February,all,Sadatoni Foxaroni,"this port sucks more♥♥♥♥♥♥♥than I wish I did, ♥♥♥♥ this game, ♥♥♥♥ the controls, and ♥♥♥♥ you for making me play it James"
,Recommended,403640,26626393,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,vldmort,"As a fan of the original  Dishonored, I was elated when I learned about an upcoming sequel. I pre-ordered it thinking, ""It's Bethesda, what could go wrong?""Dishonored 2 has had some issues with frame rates, but using Project Lasso I was able to fix them.Now onto the review of the game itself, the reason I reccomend it.First of all, if you haven't already, play the original Dishonored AND the DLC, it makes this game so much more enjoyable. The gameplay is very similar to the original, but this time around you also have a second character to play with, Emily. I have played through the game twice already. Once with Corvo in high chaos and once with Emily in low chaos. I do feel the story could be longer, seeing as I was able to beat it twice in just 14 hours, but it's still insanely fun.Get it (If you've played Dishonored, Knife of Dunwall, and Brigmore Witches)"
,Recommended,403640,26631320,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Admiral Assblaster,"I trust that the performance issues will be patched or we'll find workarounds. All that aside, this game is great. Its like the first one but bigger."
76561198132670253,Not Recommended,403640,29165815,Posted: 10 January,all,EoniAno,"Gameplay 10/10, well only if it can be played lolRuning on  4k ultra, 50 or so fps. Runing on 1080p Medium, 50 or so fps. WtfStuttering Stuttering Stuttering.Chapter 8 is a catastrophe in gaming optimization history. Inside the Grand palace fps drops to 30 fps. Totally unplayable.You can see my specs on profile. That rig can run Battlefield 1 in 4k ultra with a 55+ fps(constant 60fps in most occasions). And it's da freaking Frostbite 4 engine.All hails to Arkane studio, because you did a fantastic job in ruining id tech 5 engine. You should really borrow some technicians from doom devs to save your♥♥♥♥♥EDIT: ok let's be honest with this. I understand that people who love this series and console game players would be enraged by my 'tiny ambition' to play this game in a higher resolution with a higher fps. Guess what,I was wrong. it's illegal that people can play a game with fps higher than 30fps, it's too demanding for people asking for better graphics with smooth control at the same time, it's too absurd that people try to warn others that game is barely playable for now.I apologize for this poorly arranged and bad-intentioned review. Just go straight buy this game and enjoy your 30fps gameplay! Just ignore the most highly approved negative reviews on steam! See? This game is 75% positive reviewed! What a high 75 percentage rating!Well, at least I was deadly wrong about one thing, I shouldn't try to play this game on Ultra, because that setting option is just a nonexistent ghost but for people to choose. And honestly speaking, not too much difference if it were set at the the ultra or medium. They all look like a freaking blurring cloud just like the first game."
,Not Recommended,403640,32789806,Posted: 25 June,all,mr grips,excellent game if it didn't crash every 10 to 30 minutes
76561198153242980,Not Recommended,403640,35036739,Posted: 17 September,all,carloselledds,(>_>)/                     (<_<) yes timmy                           (>_>) dishonored 2      (<_<) get out of my class room
76561198076609201,Recommended,403640,28729822,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Cole,-Good Game-Is not choppy-Does not crash-Negative reviews are old
76561198107355238,Recommended,403640,26519209,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,williamjjlee,"This game is really amazing, This game can be rough to run. My fix was that when I loaded up the game for some reason the default settings is MAX resolution. So it was default set for 3840x2160. That made the game hard to play. Once I realized this. Best game ever, I look forward to a dishonored 3 with engines and more revolution style.Great game."
76561198105263274,Recommended,403640,26625701,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,NewLunarAssassin,So far i have been loving this game! I have only encountered one or two bugs but overall it is great!
76561198049584877,Recommended,403640,26760615,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Birger Jarl,End the hate. It's a splendid game.
,Recommended,403640,26726085,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,amoose136,"Some have said this game doesn't run well on medium range to upper end hardware. That's a shame because the art, story telling, and gameplay mechanics are all wonderful. When they said you could do everything in the trailer, they weren't joking. I personally had no frame rate problems on maxium settings but my computer's specs should not be required to run this game. Hopefully they'll fix it for more people soon."
76561198069347948,Not Recommended,403640,28549893,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Ben Dover,"First impression... nope. I had so much hope for this game and its only been half an hour and already the game is butt ♥♥♥♥♥♥ me. Im trying to go for a non violent gameplay but it's made it impossibe from a glitch.I don't know any way of knocking out an opponent currently other than stealth knocking and parry knocking, but in order to parry he needs to actually take a swing at me, and THAT'S the problem.I'm stuck at the savepoint where a guard is will notice me no matter what i do as soon as i spawn, can't i just hide? nope, they have wall hacks somehow. Can't hide from the guards as soon as they see you.So im forced to fight them at this point and here's the thing:So enemys throw rocks at you when you're at a place they can't reach yes? But apperantly even when i'm breathing in their faces they won't stop throwing rocks. I've died a couple of times trying to get him to swing at me but failed each time, so i've just quit already hoping it'll get patched soon.10/10 would get stoned to death at point blank."
,Recommended,403640,32645535,Posted: 22 June,all,Mart Nivram,bang bang
76561198023920964,Recommended,403640,26633688,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,EzeTarget,"9/10 buy it, it's good, don't listen to peasants claiming it's not working. They are the same people that go on forums and talk♥♥♥♥♥♥about PCs being better than consoles. Karma's a ♥♥♥♥♥ right ?"
,Recommended,403640,26739097,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,MyFaceIsContraception,"I thouroughly enjoyed this sequel to dishonored, it kept all of the aspects of the original that i adored, and then added some. The windmill powered walls of light weren't as prominent as i thought they would be from the E3 announcement. The only problem i have with this game is that the current Pc port has noticeable fps drops towards the end of the game, i hope they fix this problem.TL;DR: Reccomend buying after they fix the fps drops."
76561198093967678,Recommended,403640,28180942,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Reloaded,Great game.
,Recommended,403640,26706764,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,ironman600,"It is a good game. It is not as bad of a port that everyone says. My only real problem is constantly haveing the game randomly shut down on me in the middle of playing, but like many bethesda games, glitches are expected. I love this game and the first one, but a patch is seariously needed.Bethesda, please patch this.8/10"
76561197972336905,Recommended,403640,26713085,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,darrensinbox,"If you can put any performance issues aside, this game has been one of the better offerings of 2016.Amazing game play, advancement options, stealth or fight, atmosphere, story line, and some of the levels are mind boggling clever in design.Some of the issues people are having is due to the levels are incredibly complex, so depending on the direction you are looking, slow downs occur.  This doesn't bother me much in this type of game.  Though you can fight your way through, it is really not a fast paced shooter/action game.Playing this on a decent system with a GTX 1080 at 3400x1440, Very High settings, AA off, V-Sync On, G-Sync On, HBAO+ off, and one tweak... create a profile for this game, and set ""Maximum pre-rendered frames"" to 1.  Not sure if that final tweak matters, but some people felt it helped.The mouse tracking still lags a bit at times, but it helps somewhat to turn off mouth friction, etc.,Again though the reason to play this game is for the game play, story, and the atmosphere, all of which are top notch."
76561198004538351,Not Recommended,403640,32654437,Posted: 22 June,all,Buzzerker,"They made this game for consoles , the port over to PC is bugged and crashes , it's unpredictable. Beautiful game , story is mediocre as are most of the characters but if you have a playstation 4 or the latest XBOX then pick it up and enjoy. They screwed us PC gamers on this one."
76561197989553160,Recommended,403640,26761455,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Sky Reaver,"A very enjoyable game, great atmosphere and combat, a pity so many people are complaining about the performance issues.  I only have a Geforce GTX 670 and I had no issues. Wait for the patch and I recommend giving it a try. The void engine makes well rendered scenes."
,Recommended,403640,26576690,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,RedTyro,"Game runs great. I don't understand what all the fuss is about.Also, it's awesome so far. I've been waiting for this one and I'm really happy with it."
,Recommended,403640,31005841,Posted: 7 April,all,Neolog,"I just cannot recommend this game enough. This is definitely the best game I've played in the last 2 years at least.Hugely deep, insanely fun! Played 3 times in a row, last time - with no powers and without detection. Level design and narrative are the best, combat system and stealth is super fun.I know, that some people report that it's poorly optimized, but for me it performed great! (Intel i5 from 2012 year, 8Gb oper, GF 1060 3Gb)."
76561198048322689,Recommended,403640,30966122,Posted: 5 April,all,thalimenel,extremely good!
,Recommended,403640,26511702,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,stalkman farmskins.com,Get the game.Thats it.Not going to give a comprehensive review as no one gives a damn.
,Not Recommended,403640,34651916,Posted: 31 August,all,Tr💩ller Skates,"Writer's note: This review is kinda rambly and unhelpful. Tl;Dr: Bad optimization, bad controls, bad powers, bad story, bad characters, bad voice acting. Bad game. Really sad.It breaks my heart to give this game a negative review. The first Dishonored was my favorite game of all time. This game... did not meet expectations. Ignoring all of the issues at launch, even now it's terribly optimized. I have a pretty nice PC, and it's always stuttery or dropping frames. And it actually runs better for me on Ultra than on Low, whatever that means, even though everything looks fairly identical. Ultra gets me 60-80 fps, low gets me 20 fps.The biggest issue is the way the mouse feels. It's always sluggish. Even at 100% sensitivity, it's slow and unpleasant feeling. On top of that, for some ungodly reason, your mouse sensitivity is tied to your fps. The higher your fps, the lower your mouse sensitivity. That means when you happen to look in a direction where you gain some frames, your mouse sensitivity will drop like a brick until you look back in a graphics-heavy direction. That said, even at 7 FPS with 100% mouse sensitivity, it's still painful.The story is also lacking. All of the love is gone from the production. Emily is a cardboard character. She wanders the world, her annoying inner monologue Whining in your ears, ""Ooooooh... I just don't know if I want to be [Low Chaos] or [High Chaos]... I just don't know who I am,"" in the most thinly veiled attempt to make the different endings more unique I've ever seen. Corvo has a voice now as well, and it's super annoying. It's the nasal guy who voiced Mercer Frey in Skyrim, who doesnt fit the bill for Corvo in the slightest. Corvo's inner monologue is just as uninteresting and shallow as Emily's. The Outsider's voice actor has been replaced too, despite the original actor being open and wlling to participate, and even in the trailer. He said in a Reddit AMA that Bethesda totally ghosted him after the trailer, and he didn't know why. The new guy is awful. In the original game, the Outsider was meant to be an impartial god just messing with the world out of boredom, completely apathetic to the outcomes of his meddling. This new guy is always way too eager to interact with his good ol' buddy corvo.Emilies powers are unpleasant. To be fair, I couldn't play more than a few minutes of Emily, because of her awful writing and useless mobility power. While Corvo has Blink, Emily has a strange arcing tetacle that lands... somewhere. Usually offscreen. You'd think that it would reach out and pull you towards whatever surface you look at, right? Well no. It's hard to explain.  The gist of it is that your tentacle only has a certain reach and maximum and Y trajectory of the arc, but it doesn't play well with the 360 degree actual point of view of the player. so you can usually see the high point of the arc, but not where it lands. Every jump is a crapshoot."
,Not Recommended,403640,34491202,Posted: 25 August,all,Sokolov,Subpar game for AAA price.Dated graphics. Poor gameplay compared to the first one. Worse story than the first one too.
76561198002683030,Recommended,403640,28364717,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Junior_Painkiller,It runs fine. It always has. Just buy it.All settings maxed980ti4790k16gb ramNO PROBLEMS
76561198107370361,Not Recommended,403640,28952437,Posted: 2 January,all,potato,"I find it really f****** funny how developers don't even try on the pc release even though the pc is better in almost every single way. I'm sure you've already heard it many times from every one else, but i want to put my 2 cents in just in case people still think they should buy this game. I currently have an alienware alpha i3, and if you don't know it's specs, here:Intel® Core™ i3-4170T Processor Dual-CoreNVIDIA® GeForce® GTX GPU 2GB GDDR54GB DDR3L 1600MHz Memory500 GB 7200RPM SATA 6Gb/sWhen I played this game i had to play it at very low overall settings, 1280 by 720, and I could barely manage 30 fps. I get the pc I'm running is far from the best, but it can run DOOM at low settings, 720p, with over 100fps nearly constantly. Truth is, the game is not all that bad but the framerate issues and the constant stuttering make this game nearly unplayable. Please fix your game bethesda, it's been over 2 months."
76561198104341003,Recommended,403640,26559188,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,ctarl,"I don't run with super PC but rather okish one for this game and also get these performance issues which i was able to cut down just a little bit with those temporary setup tips from the news. As they are working on the patch to fix these issues and i was able to play it not minding too much about quality graphics, i can say that this is really interesting sequal to the first one. Compared to the first games dark vision which made Corvo OP af is nerfed down quite alot even with max attributes as it is not clear ""enemy is totally visible right there for you to pick it up when the time is right"". Enemies are way more aware easier alerted even from small mistakes you might and prolly will do because sighting them is not so easy anymore like in the first game. This brings alot more interesting aspects to be truly stealthy like or on the other hand more frustration since it will be most likely to just learn the position of enemies via many quickloads. I on the other hand fail in that miserably and end up crossing swords too often to advance and using new skills which are rather nicely made and not too powerfull. For those who truly seek challenge for getting nonlethal ghost archievements, i am sure this game will please many of you once it is patched to work correctly. I highly recommend this game after the fixes."
,Recommended,403640,26595763,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,adad64,An excellent followup to Dishonored!
,Recommended,403640,26666105,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Black Sun,"For me, the game is decent. Especially the Clockwork Mansion mission. Very creative overall.Arkane Studio didn't see optimization problems cripple the sales that much though."
,Recommended,403640,26671920,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Mon Kyo,10/10
76561197969740203,Recommended,403640,27005879,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,"Rush` ""Mel Gibson's Rage""",Games Cool
,Not Recommended,403640,32400810,Posted: 13 June,all,Alisha Malay Nieling,"First of all, they haven't fully patched the game. It still runs like♥♥♥♥♥♥on my pc, which has a 6600k overclocked to 4.6ghz, 1070 overclocked to over 2ghz, and 16gb of ram. At 1080p I should be able to play any game I want at 60 fps. But not this one, and when I do hit 60 it stutters worse than any game in recent memory. Even mafia III patched their game, and it runs at over 60 fps for me. But not this. Why?Performance issues aside, this game is really just a kind of a map pack for the first game (which ran well). A few new powers, but it just does the same old♥♥♥♥♥♥ Also, neither of the Dishonored games are actual stealth games. They ALLOW you to be stealthy, but you can run through the levels blowing everything up and never get punished for it, apart from a bad ending, which I assume is there but I can't be bothered to find out because this game is not worth the hard drive space.The one redeeming thing about this game is it has one level that has some kind of weird time travel mechanic, which would have been cool if it went for the entire game, but it was just one level. Apart from that level, it is literally just Dishonored 1.Go play an actual stealth game, like the early Thiefs, Splinter Cells or something like that. This is not worth your money, your time or your download."
,Recommended,403640,26725522,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,TWillG94,"Pretty much everything you could hope for in a stealth/action game. Great depth in every mission, and the choices you make feel like they have real weight and impact in the game. Terrific gameplay and customization options in the power tree/bonecharm system. I am currently on my second playthrough and have the same sense of enthrallment as the first day I got it."
76561197966519372,Recommended,403640,26550163,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,AFC,"If you liked the first game youll love this too and for me so far plays fine 4 hours in. The same heady mix of steam punk, polotics and stealth. What i really like is that you can win missions with brute force as a last resort or when sneaking gets boring  Graphics are top notch and the story nicely picks up from the first game. medium difficulty seems tougher with less health and ammo splattered around and hardly any of the guards carry loot. My advice would be pick up the first one cheap, give it a try as the game mechaics are practicaly identicle. I havent tried playing as Emily yet but i gather its just different powers.So its esentially a comtimuation of the first with Improved graphics and slightly better power up mechanics. now to the technical issues, so far had a wee slow down but its literaly just in the opening scene where things just seemed a bit less fluid and im 4 hours in. wierdly the menus seem to put my machine under most stress, fan goes mad. but in scenes where theres hundreds of buildings and people no frame drop at all. and this is on a 1060 laptop with 16g of memory at 1080 resolution and game defaults. must be a nightmare developing for pc. although youd think with this amount of unhappy people one of the test machines must have had the slowdown.Update - checked my fps and its jumping about from 60 down to about 40 on mostly good settings, lowering settings make no difference. definately odd."
,Recommended,403640,26588639,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Levrikon,"Good game, most enjoyable!Seems fine on my PC too. Playing at 4K on Ultra with a GTX 980 Ti, i7 4770k & 16GB Ram. Doesnt run at 60fps, more like ~40 (but no less than 30) at 3840x2160 however I dont expect it to, seeing similar FPS to Rise of the Tomb Raider or The Witcher 3 (both in 4K on Ultra).Seems I'm one of the lucky ones for whatever reason, hopefully they patch it soon to perform more uniformly."
76561198044118272,Recommended,403640,26596342,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,zombieburger33,"Dishonored 2 has some issues. The camera has this delay when you drag your mouse around, pixels sometimes get out of focus, and once in the entire first playthrough it crashed. However, the story is well done. Combat and stealth are enhanced from the original Dishonored. The only major gripe I have with the game is the endings. I was hoping for a scenematic ending rather than a few 3D still images voiced over by the new outsider. Other than that it was a joy to experience."
76561198170245998,Recommended,403640,26610765,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Vivid,"Played through the entire game with the optimaization issues. Yes, it was tedious at some points but none the less a very amazing game. I can not wait to play through it again as Emily when the patch is released. When that happens I could see this being one of the canidates for game of the year in my opinion. I think once you get used to the slight lag, you will have as much fun as I did playing the game."
76561197965391819,Recommended,403640,26596396,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Lizy,"I like the plot of this game, gameplay and atmosphere is gorgeous. So far no problem with the performance, constant 60+ fps on very high@1080p, except some really rare framedrops to 45 fps which are not disturbing.System:Windows 10 latest updatesIntel Xeon E3-1270 v2 @3.5 Ghz16Gb Ecc RamNvidia GTX980 Ti 6vRam latest Driver 375.70"
76561198018568124,Recommended,403640,26642314,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Captain Fiddler,"Dishonored 2, a game about stealth, and sometimes also slaughter. It is, without doubt, funny to sneak past a guard, steal their coin and then choke them. I strongly recommend this game, not only for the gameplay, but also for the feelings the different environments convey to the player."
76561198196891634,Not Recommended,403640,30597626,Posted: 18 March,all,mailb,pls make decent port so I can play
76561198045808952,Recommended,403640,26566587,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,diablogamer225,"The game runs fine on my mid tier PC running a GTX 960. I consistently stay above 30 fps with very high to ultra settings enabled. I'm also using a controller, so the keyboard/mouse issues aren't affecting me. Don't listen to the PC elitist backlash that is currently driving this game rating down on Steam. Technical issues aside this game is fantastic. Arkane has improved this game in every aspect. The graphics are vastly improved over the original, the levels are much larger and more varied and the new voice acting is top notch. I highly recommend this is your a fan of the original."
76561198061302706,Not Recommended,403640,26548001,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,★ stardog ★,"I fell asleep during one of the ""interactive"" story cutscenes.It's a game world with steampunk guns and magical whale bone runes, but presents boring voice actors and storytelling, repetitive and clunky combat, and wasps.  (Wasps are scary, I don't like them!!!!!!!!)"
76561197990976374,Not Recommended,403640,32819311,Posted: 26 June,all,Irukrov,"I'm veteran and this is my first review so you can imagine how dissapointed I am.The game is unplayable. I have a decent PC but I have to play at low settings and the performance still sucks. I loved Dishonored, a game where fps and smooth are essencial but this one is unenjoyable because of the lack of these features.It's not even worth now, with the discount of the sales, I'm dissapointed and♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ because I knew it, but still hyped myself after hearing about the ""parch"" and reading some reviews.The question is why.  Why after developing a good game (because I'm sure it is if it wasn't for that), why have you refused to spend another few months to parch it and do it like the predecessor.  The answer is always the same in this industry: Money. Enjoy my last inversion Bethesda, buy some sandwiches and laugh with everyone how you had the balls to release the game with its actual performance.Waiting for the real patch and I'll change my review.CONCLUSION: Buy Dishonored 1 instead.----------------------------------------------------------------------------------La jugabilidad en este juego es clave y los fps son esenciales para sentirte a gusto como en dishonored 1. Tengo un buen ordenador pero tengo que jugar todo en bajo y las caídas de fps son constantes y te destrozan la experiencia.Que quede claro que me encanta Dishonored 1, así que estoy muy decepcionado.  No entiendo como después de desarrollar un juego como este, que se ve que es la ostia si no fuera por eso y no dignarte a acabar la faena.Comprad dishonored 1 si no lo teneis, este no vale la pena a no ser que tengas un ordenador de la nasa."
,Not Recommended,403640,28155505,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,BEGGSY,NO
,Recommended,403640,26726521,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,KMo,"The game is fine. Ignore the reviews from people who are trying to play this game on a potato or are expecting the game to be perfect on release. They've been actively addressing the performance issues and are working with their partners to have the game cleaned up from all angles.The game is gorgeous and fun with a surprising amount of replay value, mainly if you're an achievement hunter."
76561198018781310,Recommended,403640,26522141,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Havvik,"Has been working fine for me. so i won't speak on the fps issuesDialogue so far seems rushed, but story seems solid, gameplay is greatwonderful game overall. i would wait until the fps issues are fixed before you buy it, but still a worthy purchase"
,Not Recommended,403640,30348948,Posted: 5 March,all,200 IQ GAMER,A dissapointment compared to the original
,Not Recommended,403640,35034043,Posted: 17 September,all,BARACK OBAMA,"The story is ATROCIOUSLY bad, it adds nothing to the original mechanically or thematically, and it runs like absolute♥♥♥♥♥"
,Not Recommended,403640,33065835,Posted: 30 June,all,Air-Conditioned,"Still not finished:- Audio might as well not exist as it cuts in and out constantly.- Random crashes.- General Performance issues.If you can put up with the listed then the game is quite enjoyable, but overall a bit of a mess considering the length of time it's been out..."
,Recommended,403640,26620623,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Geddo 🐬,Really really good story. Really really good gameplay. You have the desire to play it more than once which is really really good. But performance is not really really good because it's really really bad.In conclusion it's a realy really good game. Don't listen to the haiders.
,Recommended,403640,26622190,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Jack,I seem to be okay with the FPS issues. Gtx 1060 here. Open areas do lower my frame rate but its not unplayable.Dank game.
,Recommended,403640,26590097,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Bluefox,"Horrible port, but amazing game. Struggled through it with 40-50fps."
,Not Recommended,403640,32292539,Posted: 9 June,all,Pf'z.Quiche,"The game has been cracked and for some unknown reason the legal, paying consumer is still getting the short end of the stick. Way to go Zenimax/Bethesda. Don't expect any money from me in the future. Maybe one day you will realize punishing legal consumers is not the right way of protecting your games."
76561197988470116,Not Recommended,403640,32320296,Posted: 10 June,all,acairns123,Game doesny work and i aint♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥about for 25 mins trying.
,Not Recommended,403640,28895716,Posted: 1 January,all,nooby900,Ending was crap.
,Recommended,403640,26610868,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Sephiroth,"Game is not buttery smooth but by all means the game is still very playable and enjoyable.  Everyone complaining are either way to entitled or do not meet the required specs for the setting they are trying to run.Most reviewers have an average of 2 hours played and probably turned off their game from lagging or crashing once, not giving it a chance. (triggered animals)Like I sad it has poor optimization, but the people getting 20 fps need to upgrade. Just because you have a 1080 doesnt mean your CPU or HD isn't bottlenecking your games.  The devs worked very hard on this game and deserve some respect for the creativity and time they have put into making this game.People complaining about the graphics don't understand this is the style of the game, like borderlands has it's own style so does dishonored. If you're looking for Battlefield life like graphics you have come late to the wrong game. Sorry.Story so far is  - 8/10Gameplay  - 8/10Performance - 6/10For people with input lag issue editing the config file and putting mouse smoothing to a value of 0 made it perfectly responsive.I reccomend this game to people who aren't too sensitive and soft.If it performs bad refund or just wait for the damn patch. I know, tuff.. QQRunning the game on ultra with Fxaa antialiasing & 100 percent Resolution scale. Yes I have gotten dips but 90 percent of the game has been smooth play. In fact the biggest dip I remember is the first outside zone after the first mission, not game breaking though IMOI7 Skylake 6700k980tiSamsung evo SSD"
,Recommended,403640,26528169,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Silenced,PRE ORDER = NO ACHIEVEMENTSgood game 8/10 bad fps tho
76561198242366280,Recommended,403640,26623153,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Sain-Pai,Honestly the game is amazing. the dumb ♥♥♥♥s who are complaining about fps probably dont know♥♥♥♥♥♥about pc's but mines is smooth as hell and the gameplay is crisp. AF. The gameplay if you dont explore will be short but like the creators said they were aiming for a more open world type game rather than a straight objective so take the time to find runes and etc it can be benefical to you and the game. overall the game is great and i love it!
,Recommended,403640,26513614,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,ThisThing,"Hah! I am laughing all the way to the bank!At release I was not able to even reach the game´s menu, before the game froze.I was refused a refund, as I had spent hours in DH1.I had a game I could not use.Tried installing again after patch release and now I run it on ultra... Lawl.Yea it´s true and I have no clue how, as my PC barely reach min req, if even.Yet I run around with ultra settings....Game is great so far and surpasses Dishonored 1 in so many ways.Everything is basically the same, just enhanced a lot: Either Kill or Knock out.AI is pretty good and they tell some funny stories at times, if u eavesdrop.Combat is awesome and heads fly off with ease, even though I only attack when I fail and F9 afterwards.Pretty happy that I am able to play this game, as it is really fun.I get the negative comments, if people are getting lag, but I get nothing and I don´t even hit the minimum reqs.Otherwise it is really a great game if you can run it."
,Not Recommended,403640,35438909,Posted: 3 October,all,12 47,Was never optimized. Runs like♥♥♥♥♥♥ get it on a console instead. Orange balloon/10
,Recommended,403640,30948393,Posted: 4 April,all,xSLooMz,good game
76561198050994721,Recommended,403640,26544062,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Kebabylon,"Great game, amazing story. I'm really not having the FPS issues everyone else says they are getting."
76561198034882656,Recommended,403640,26603580,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Hannibal Angus,>>>>| Another positive review. |<<<<First up: I'm a big fanboy of Dishonored!I know there are performance problems but I can live with it.Just finised my first high chaos playthrough with Emily yesterday with 24-25h playtime.Started my Corvo Ghost-run after that. I love it.Even though I had to set my grafics to low because I got the said performance problems.Which normaly would let me play on fluent Ultra with my GeForce-GTX-1060.
76561198077021705,Recommended,403640,26514768,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,JoeySkoey,"Everyone is ♥♥♥♥♥ing about the FPS drops while I'm over here enjoying the game.It's a lot of fun, alot more fluid / quicker then it's predecessor.11/10 would FPS drop again (in all honesty they will probably fix this by the 11th...)Fantabulous game so far though"
76561198042609001,Recommended,403640,26560714,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Kaiser,I loved dishonored and played at least 24 times and when number 2 came out i had to get it. I ran the game and it was poorly customized but after spending 30 min trying to reconfigure it i got it running smoothly on low with anti-analasing on and fxxa (off) with display of 1600x 900 or something like that lol and then changed the adaptive setting. At first when i changed it to this it looked like♥♥♥♥♥♥but then i restarted the game and it got much better and now i play the game like a boss but i do have to say i drops in fps for like 5 sec every now and then but the game is so immersive that i keep playing. Love :)R9270xAMD FX-4300 Quad core10 gb ram
,Recommended,403640,26541770,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Purpuran,"remember when halo 1 was released and it was really cool and everyone loved it, but then halo 2 released and it was better in literally every single way???I gave this game the best broken game award, because it's a fantastic game cursed by its performance"
,Recommended,403640,26636096,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Zivilyn T. Wyrd,"I don't get what the problem with the framerates are, but then I don't play on a brick. The game itself is not much different to the first game, combat, takedowns, stealth etc. What's gripping me is the challenge and the story.Personally I think the game overall is fantastic. Do expect rubbish framerates if you're on a less than beastly rig, I've not gone under 75 fps on highest settings so far so if your rig is top notch, you're golden."
,Recommended,403640,26602906,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Tactical Flapjack,Awesome game
,Recommended,403640,26616369,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Le Don,"Had a lot of fun playing this game. My PC has average specs and after I updated my graphic card drivers and DON'T switch the graphic options to maximum, I could play the whole game, fully stealthy, non-lethal, exploring the whole levels in 26 hours without any bugs or problems."
76561198072610650,Recommended,403640,26641017,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,"Johnny ""Be Good"" Pissfingers","Most of the technical bugs have been sorted out now, the gameplay is very innovative and the story is fun."
,Recommended,403640,26650581,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,mithos56,"I've been lucky and had no PC issues.  Nonetheless, I don't find myself as enthralled this time around.  It offers more of the first game, but very little in the way of innovation.The changes to the chaos system still leave me feeling shackled to a non lethal/low chaos playthrough, as I'd like to get a good ending.Emily's powers either feel cheap or underwhemling.  She has little that is interesting when compared with Corvo's abilities.  Her teleport/pull move is frustrating, especially when compared to how easily Corve can teleport around.The levels aren't super exciting.  Kirin Jindosh's mansion at first seems like it will be extremely complex, but even after getting all the collectables and the non lethal finish, I felt like I had missed most of it.What will or won't alert people feels confusing and inconsistent.    In one scenario, pulling an item to me alerts all the guards, in another similar scenario, no one notices.   Also if a guard sits down on leans on something, he is immediately protected from your stealth attacks.As a fan of the first game, it was nice to return to the universe, and I still feel like these are better Thief games then modern Thief.  I'm glad I got more Dishonored, but I wish I also got a bit more."
,Recommended,403640,26622064,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Jay Jay かけす,not having any of the problems.Amazing game
76561198003083391,Not Recommended,403640,30441000,Posted: 10 March,all,Raging_Matrix_,No!  Save your money the earth is flat.
,Not Recommended,403640,29114498,Posted: 8 January,all,gratis yolo (ny pris),Boring
76561197982467249,Recommended,403640,26726654,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Cloud,"Amazing game, even better then the original. Love that its play your way, although the story between Corvo and Emily being almost exactly the same was a little dissappointing."
76561198036311365,Recommended,403640,26552055,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Hercules B Pussyfiend,Kicked a  woman into a pot. She died. 11/10
,Recommended,403640,26596058,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Blobald Trump,"great game but the game is to short and  emily's abilities arent that good compared to corvos in dishonored 1 (havnt played this corvo if there were any changes),  its pretty much domino 3 people and a crossbow to the head, it doesnt feel like i need to use other abilities (i still do for fun). Although the clockwork soldiers were really fun to fight since i need to use my gadgets and abilities."
76561198057733940,Recommended,403640,26678233,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Patty Sevo,"Great game, I havent had any problems with it."
,Recommended,403640,26588411,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,XXXTentacion,"For a GTX 970 the game runs alright on medium. It's not a consistant 60 fps so that bothers me a bit, but again I dont care a whole lot. The game is similar to dishonored 1, but harder. So far it is fun. People just post these bad reveiws because of the optimization, which would be valid to me but it has a very easy tweak to help it. Dishonored 2 automatically sets itself to low priority when launched, and if you just go into task manager and change it i found myself getting a 5-10 fps increase."
76561198143489941,Recommended,403640,26590946,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Downwindstalker,"It started off not running well, not it won't even start. I press play it goes through the intial load screen and then just goes to a flicking black screen. I'm recommening it, just wait for the first patch or two."
,Recommended,403640,26546482,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Beardy,"I don't understand people who have issues with the game. I have : 6600K, 980Ti, 16Go Ram, that's pretty much the same as a lot of review i see (just a little better GC) and i have no problem making the game running at 60fps in very high.Also as this moment, i'm only on the second chapter but this is already very good !"
76561197970845529,Recommended,403640,26755215,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,celloLWF,"What a great game!  Performance could be better, yes, but I don't think it's a bad as people say.  I was so into the game and lore itself that I let it go.  It's the Rage engine with a bunch of new features.  That engine never was very good to begin with.  Maybe for Dishonored 3 it will be better.  Don't let the reviews slow you down.  If you have at least a 970 then the game is totally playable.  I'm playing on Ultra everything at 1440 on 2 980 SLI and the FPS are nothing to write home about, but it's totally enjoyable.  The game's a work of art."
,Recommended,403640,28148862,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,M0M^,Updates make the game run great. I love dishonored. I can't make simpler than that.
76561198019269989,Recommended,403640,28195834,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Mavinator5,Yo
76561198024156499,Recommended,403640,26705550,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Flimsy,"It's honestly not as bad as the reviews say. There are very noticable fps drops consistently and they increase by a significant margin as you progress through the story. The game shouldn't have been released in this state. Although, It is STILL very playable. If you're eager to play it and can't wait for these things to be fixed, then just buy it. I muscled through the fps drops and I do not regret it at all. The story and gameplay is fantastic. The game is very well tailored and you can be very sneaky if you're patient and explore enough. If there is one tip I have, is that you should explore Emily's abilities to the fullest because they are extremely useful and fun to play. There is always the vintage walkthrough with corvo which is just as satisfying, if not more. One knock against the game, it's quite short for my liking."
,Recommended,403640,26740493,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,lmn,"The game definitely has some buggy preformance and it is unnacceptable to release a game in this state but I, personally, haven't had an issue with the frame rate with my system. (EVGA 1070 FTW and i7 6700k)The story is on par with Dishonored and there are some really great changes that have been made to the gameplay style.I would definitely recommend buying it, but only if you are sure you can run it.Patch Update: They have improved the framerate and the mouse sensitivity is slightly higher and more playable, they did well we the patch but I can't speak for people with lower end systems.8/10: It's very good but only if you can run it."
76561198097528194,Not Recommended,403640,34472807,Posted: 24 August,all,falloutoldvegas,never could get it to work would crash before main menu
76561198054902612,Recommended,403640,26551465,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Rangaman42,"Yes, it runs worse than I'd like. But it's entirely playable on high, with xeon 2670 and rx470 @ 2560x1080. The gameplay is smooth and amazing, and the game looks incredible. The upgrade tree is a little too dense for me, and I'm not sure I'm a huge fan of Emily's powers.If you're having performance issues, a patch will be out within the next couple of days so stop whinging. I'm almost all the way through and loving it."
,Not Recommended,403640,28932238,Posted: 2 January,all,potato2937,Fix the ♥♥♥♥ing audio stutter this game gives me ear cancer even when it's at 60fps. Also crashes randomly as a final ♥♥♥♥ you to PC players.
76561198112583013,Recommended,403640,26760111,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Vincent22,Love this game!
,Not Recommended,403640,32969468,Posted: 28 June,all,Haze,"runs like hot garbage even when everything is set on very low,  depth of field keeps turning itself on everytime i change a visual setting and its annoying. Dissapointed because dishonored 1 runs perfectly without any flaws, but this game is too glitchy and buggy and overall just too terrible of a port to even continue playing."
,Recommended,403640,26587996,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Satanic Goat Porn,"i have no idea what people complains about, this game is great."
76561198281960704,Not Recommended,403640,33925062,Posted: 31 July,all,BreTTzz,"So about this game.The Texture/Details were the same i expected more changes for it.Story was good.I love those sneaky kills.You can hide from enemys.Maybe they should but more Weapons in it.There was some screay parts too what i liked.Sometimes it will get confusing what to do.Example (It showed at the door but there wasen't anything to do so i went upstairs and the mission was there wasted like 30mins or so).Enemys will get stuck sometimes.The Witches were so strong 2hit and dead.Image to fight them with 4 of them +2dogs.And more health elexiers it was sometimes so hard to fight if you did not have eaven 1.So many collectables like does players really collect them all every mission?I didn't cuz it will get bit boring.Some views were fanatastic.So big buildings to explore.Overall i loved  the story,Details+new witches.i want to reccomand this game but it is almost same as Dishonored RHCP"
76561198018296036,Not Recommended,403640,26530604,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,jlann2003,they should have let people know that the game would be unplayable for anyone using a x6 phenom that can play every other freaking game out there. fool me once. i will never buy anything from these people again
76561197987667588,Recommended,403640,26619968,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Nemnero,"if you have the brains to adjust a few file properties and work around the games fps drop issues, tech problems asside, the game is easly a9/10in my book.Why:>Breathtakingly beautifull visual style and world design>freedom and options to explore a world for every level>better writing than the origional>o snap they emote now>cool new powers, returning favorites, and much more intense combat in your murder playthrough> new pacifist powers/weapons> the two characters have different, cool power sets>  old school blink is still ♥♥♥♥ing awsome as a mechanic> the clockwork mansion> this level is ♥♥♥♥ing the♥♥♥♥♥♥Cons:>technical issues to work around>some powers are awkward to use, making them less usefull. lets hope for a patch>sometimes, trying to use silent, nonlethal takedown is imposible, based on unknown bug. real buzzkill.> NEEDS. PATCHING. AND. SUPPORT.TL:DRlot of technical issues, but a few months from now, when everything is patched, BUY THIS GAME"
76561198238027862,Not Recommended,403640,28653770,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Kib Baby,bad
76561198229777396,Not Recommended,403640,30495244,Posted: 13 March,all,G_U_M_B_Y,When the live action game trailer runs at a rock solid 12 FPS you know you the game is ♥♥♥♥ed9/11 would powerpoint again
76561198300970863,Recommended,403640,26566537,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,banana,"very good game,feels like the original but much more smother."
76561198210776689,Not Recommended,403640,33016536,Posted: 29 June,all,GamingGhost,it's pretty good if you like jumping off stuff and killing a whole crowd of people
76561198043110160,Recommended,403640,26553900,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Fractal,"The game itself is brilliant, easily as good as the original.I bought the game with my eyes wide open to any potential performance risks; as I've been waiting for this game all year. Better to risk a $80 purchase than another $300 - $400 video card.Your mileage will of course vary - one of the risks of preferring the flexibility of PC games I guess (Doom, Stardew Valley, No Man's Sky...); but I followed the usual advice before playing it (update video drivers, re-pin process priority, tune the settings) and I've had no problems and sufficiently decent visuals. Maybe not optimal at this point but this is a game where ascetics beat resolution/fps (high chaos players may feel differently). If you want to play the game now; and you have $80 pre-allocated for a triple-A game; and your rig isn't absolute bare-bones - I'd buy it and see how it goes.Otherwise you'll miss out a triple-A game that is truely a GOTY candidate. A few personal highlights so far: Emily stealing runes from right under guard's noses with Far Reach; using guards more intelligent curiousity of open doors or dropped bottles against them; torching bloodfly nests :-DSpec: i5-6600K / 16 GB DDR4 / AMD R9 380 4GBEdit: On a side note, if they do improve performance - remember to update your steam reviews; otherwise some people will simply miss out on what is otherwise proving to be a decent game."
76561198127286132,Recommended,403640,26686556,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Zenogias,"ok,Let me get this straight.I used to very hate Dishonored ,since I have played it 7 times even I don't like it at all.You guy may wondering ""Why do you keep playing them for 7 times if you don't like it at all ?""That's because I was wondering why it was so hyped about it,actually I think it's very garbage and over price game.Since the first time I played it,I completed the game with best ending in just 7 hours which is simply unacceptable for me.Sure,I am a professional gamer but completing any game in just 7 hours with the best ending was something that never happened to me.Ok,that was done about my perspective from Dishonored 1.Seriously If you want to hype this game again I won't be so surprise about it anymore,I never thought to play Dishonored 2 before because.1.It's so damn expensive.2.I don't think it's worth the money especially for someone who dislike Dishonored like me.3.Performance crap from most of the reviews are negative.I am not even sure that my GTX 980 with G.skill 16 GB ram and I7-4770k could handle it or not at the resolution of 1920x1080.but I did purchase it because I think my tension from training myself as an artists went beyond the limit and I can not keep pressing on anymore.I don't have anything else to play as well,so I am in desperate of playing game since I got almost AAA greade title game.I just need something to refresh my mind and boost up my inspiration.In the end it turned out well,seriously I think this game might get game of the year as well.Dishonored 2 improved a lot of things,let's say it almost like an overhaul a new engine with the same frame.Imagine that it can changes even someone who had bias that much as myself.May be this is the best stealth game that I ever played,I am a very professional player especially in stealth game but this game break me a lot in the hardest mode.The game is much more challenge for me,Let's say that for now I have to kill someone instead of non-lethal knock out.This is something that never happened to me in the Dishonored before,I can pass by easily without killing anyone or get caught.The scene design is much more wiser and realistic unlike the first one which seems like an ametuer's design.About the performance issue,I don't know mates. I can not criticize anything about that,I have no idea as well why people have so much problem with this game even someone with the similar rig like mine.but I got a rather stable 60 fps in the game play scene even outdoor.It's not totally 60 all the time but I am rather sure it never drop below than 47fps the game is rather smooth for me,no laggy mouse or anything like that.From my experience as a 3d artist I think the game is rather optimized,I can say that for sure.May be it from something that's uncompatible with software or something like that.*edit I just went into about chapter 2 it's a town,which is incredible beautiful.I see now why people complaint about performance issue.well,the world is rather full of detail,very high poly model character and so on,so yeah if your rig is not the top I don't think you can handle this game.I don't think it's about PC port crap as well,with this much detail even console can not handle for sure.*edit @11/24/2016 after the patch that was promised to optimize the game has been applied.From my experience I think it's not help that much ,sometime it's better for a specific area.I just got the first time CTD yesterday since I have been played Dishonroed 2,so I don't think the patch would be that much help.The story is much more better than the original a lot which leave with too many questions,so yeah I am going to vote Dishonored 2 for the steam's award as well."
76561198038558137,Recommended,403640,26690187,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Alko,Quick review.Poswitives: everythingNegatives: nothingBottomline: Awesome game.
76561198080280948,Recommended,403640,26574041,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Classic,"Absolutely amazing, (I did finish the game with Corvo in low chaos, will not give major spoilers, only stuff like new abilities, new combat additions, things of that nature)Dishonored 2 is a perfect sequel to the original in my opinion, It keep the same charm as Dishonored with there being a main target (which is the eventual goal) and the targets leading to the main target. Also just like the first you can change the way things end up by making certain decisions and can end up in high chaos or low chaos, which is a very nice part of these two games, you have the ability to play as you want, whether you want to kill a target or find a creative way to ruin their plan without killing them is up to you and can end up leading to the low or high chaos endings. Another very interesting thing they did in Dishonored 2 is that they brought back characters from the dlc in Dishonored and main story which really surprised me, but I am really happy that they did because it tied together the main game and the dlc. Also I feel Dishonored 2 will have more replay value than the first becuase you can choose between two characters which will make for many different ways to play.Combat: Combat has most certainly become more advanced in Dishonored 2, for example before if you started combat with an enemy in Dishonored then you couldn't make them unconscious besides using a sleep dart which made it a bit annoying to do low chaos. Now in Dishonored 2 you can now make your enemy unbalanced by blocking their sword strike so you can grab them and then knock them out by doing multiple different things, another nice thing about combat is that before you could only do drop assassinations, but now you can also do drop knock outs, which is very helpful. Don't want to spoil all the new combat additions but there are a lot of other new things you can do as well.Weapons: The crossbow got new ammo types added, before we had the basic bolts, incendiary bolts, and sleep darts but now they added one that can blind your enemies and one that makes them run away and forget about seeing you which can be very helpful for a escape. Also they added a lot more blueprints to the game to upgrade your weapons, there is a new type of blueprint where you have to option to upgrade one of two things. There are other weaponry additions but those are some available to you.Abilities: Abilities, like the other things i've mentioned so far has gotten new additions. Now I have not played as Emily yet so I can't speak personally on those but from what I hear they are very cool and unique abilities. For Corvo he generally keeps the same abilities as last time, Bend Time, Blink, Possession etc. but they added a lot of new upgrades for those abilities so you have more flexibility to choose what kind upgrade you want. Also something new which I found very interesting is the ability to craft bone charms and runes, this is an addition to the ""enhancement"" section of your abilities and allows you to break down your bone charms to learn their effects and get whale bones to make new bones charms with up four effects on a charm, and you can make runes later in the upgrade tree.Story: I'm not going to say anything specific about the story as that would be in the category of “major spoilers”, but let me say the story is amazing just like Dishonered's story and like i said before it brings characters from the dlc and main story back which really made the story better than it could have been without these characters in my opinion, instead of just having all new characters it had some old faces show up.Negatives: There really aren't any negatives about the game in my opinion except one problem that doesn't even have anything to do with the actual game, per se. The optimization really is not good but even so I have a 760 NVIDIA graphics card and I had it on high graphics (There are six main graphics settings, very low, low, medium, high, very high, and ultra) and it ran generally good throughout except during some parts like when I looked at a big detailed area in the distance. Besides that it was most definitely playable and enjoyable. Also mentioned a day ago as of me writing this, that they will be putting out a performance patch in the coming days, so hopefully this will fix most of the problems.The things I said about the main ideas like combat, abilities, etc. are not the only new things, those are just a taste of the additions to Dishonored 2.Overall this game was a masterpiece and I recommend it to anyone who played the first or anyone who thinks it sounds interesting. Can't wait to play this game again and again to get all the achievements.Thank you Bethesda and Arkane for making this masterpiece of a game! 10/10"
,Recommended,403640,26737257,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Yung Fuego,kil blck ppl gud gme
,Recommended,403640,26753241,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,SIC88,"So far the game runs smoothly - no hiccups or whatsoever. 32.0 GB DDR3 ram, AMD Bulldozer 8 core processor, 2 TB SSD hard drive, Geforce GTX 760. I don't understand what people's complaining about - oh it's not up their standards. Yeah, gotchya. Game is great and story is interesting - already got the Outsider mark on Emily's hand. Buy it and whatever you do; make sure your system is up to date including graphic drivers, etc.... and you should be playing this game smooth as butter."
76561197986308073,Recommended,403640,26717439,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Jim Slather,"Brilliant game.  Runs smoothly and the game play is exceptional.  Level design is up to the high standards set in the first game, and the story follows very well from the fuirst set of games. 10/10"
,Recommended,403640,30964763,Posted: 5 April,all,Lust,"One Of The Best, If Not The Best, Games Of 2016/2017."
76561198059882148,Recommended,403640,26540891,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Drakir,Awesome. i7 6700k and gtx 1070. Maxed settings and no problems here.
76561198043420045,Recommended,403640,26616549,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Ilseroth,"I am writing this review simply because it is currently ""Mixed"" with people saying it's as bad as Arkham Knight was on launch, unplayable, stuttering, ect. I enjoyed the game far too much to at least not give my opinion.First regarding the performance, I am able to play the game fine on a middling computer; maybe I just got lucky on my setup, despite my computer being not great. The only major issue I'd say is the mouse control seems to be set to your framerate which just feels odd.Now that is out of the way; the game itself.I'd say the easiest way to talk about is to talk about the story and the gameplay seperate.The gameplay itself feels like a definite step forward for the series, the levels and their guard patterns feel more like a natural environment and seem designed from the ground up for both characters and their powersets. In addition the game seems perfectly fine with you approaching any situation as a brawl or as a ghost, with mechanics that let you play as you want.If I had to pinpoint something wrong with the gameplay it would be that some of the mechanics feel a bit less controllable, especially Emily, then Dishonored 1. Certain abilities (like the Long Reach and the Doppleganger) don't always work how you expect them to which can lead to awkward situations like say, you try to grab a ledge, and it flings you across a courtyard right at the legs of a guard.Now as for the story... well.. It works, it does it's job. It establishes a motive, a primary antagonist and a reasonable means to accomplish the end goal. But the actual *writing*, the things people say to eachother frequently feels flat and awkward a fair deal of the time. In addition, the story and the dialogue feel very suitable on an Emily playthrough; but while there's an occasional good line from Corvo about growing up there, it definitely feels like he was playable for gameplay reasons. Not for story."
76561197994203341,Recommended,403640,26559402,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,ahmadalmarri,"It is  a great game, but not yet finalizied for release. I prefer waiting a bit longer and receive a finished product than receiving an unfinished one early."
76561198200489242,Recommended,403640,26718626,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Lilyheart,"Nice game after the first one. I personally enjoy it, and love playing it. Though the frame-rate and what not could be improved some, I still enjoy the game."
76561198041100982,Recommended,403640,26666388,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Sgt. Thundercok,So far so good.
76561198024916834,Recommended,403640,26585086,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Brocco,"TLDRI have had no technical issues after needing to install a windows update. The game overall is amazing. The game engine feels a bit clunkier than D1. The mechanics are good. The levels are fantastic. Everything still feels like Dishonored.Game PerformanceI am one of the lucky ones who has had basically no technical problems with the game.When I first tried to launch the game, it would not launch. The error dialog told me I had to install a certain windows update. I did. I also read a review here that said to set the Dishonored2.exe process to high priority. (I didn't try running the game without setting the priority manually, so I can't say if this fixed it or not, but it works. I used Process Lasso). After the windows update and setting the process priority, the game is running great.With the suggested/automatic (a mix of medium and high) graphics settings, I'm getting a steady 60fps, and it looks very, very nice. I tried turning them up, but certain intensive features will bring it down to 30-50 fps in certain areas.PC specsi5-2500k overclocked8GB RAMGTX 9701920x1080 resolutionGame ReviewAt the time of writing this, I've finished the prologue, the first two missions, and I'm part way into the third mission. I went into this game knowing basically nothing about the game. I watched the cinematic teaser trailer and that was it, no gameplay videos. Dishonored 1 is my favorite game of all time, and so far this is a worthy sequel. I'm doing my first playthrough as Corvo. The opening sequence is great, and sets up the story very well. I knew Delilah would be a major part of the story, but I didn't expecther to be the main antagonist.(not really a major spoiler, you will find this out in the intro sequence)Game Engine and MechanicsOne of the things that I loved about Dishonored 1 is the feel of the controls, and the game engine. Unfortunately they don't feel as tight in this game. The character does not seem to have as much weight, jumping and mantling feel more artificial and clunky.Another thing I loved was the weapon wheel. I have the thumb mouse button mapped to the wheel, so to switch powers in Dishonored 1 it was as simple as clicking down the thumb button, swiping my mouse in the direction of the power I wanted, and then releasing the mouse button. After some practice, I could change powers extremely quickly (less than 50 ms probably). They have redone the wheel so that this is not possible anymore and it's very annoying. It looks almost exactly the same, but there is a mouse pointer, and its location is persistent. If you leave the mouse in the bottom right, it will be in the bottom right next time you open it. It's impossible to use quickly as I described before. I now use number key shortcuts (which I dislike, since my hand has to leave WASD.)Bethesda/Arkane, if you read this, please fix the weapon wheel and put the mouse in the center each time you open it, or better yet eliminate the mouse pointer altogether and just make it directional exactly like it was in Dishonored 1, the mouse pointer is not necessaryStealth works the same as the first game.There is now bone charm crafting. I'm not sure how this works since I haven't really done it yet but from the bit I've done it seems a little gimmicky. Power upgrades are now trees so there are multiple different upgrades you can purchase, individually. This adds a lot more possible things to buy, and accordingly, there are a lot more runes to be found.The (enemy) AI is impressive. The behavior is much more realistic. The dialogue and animations match their behavior exactly. There are door opening and closing animations (I don't know why but this blew my mind when I first saw it). However, there have been some instances where I would start to be detected by an AI through a wall, thankfully the detection bar only filled about half way and then the supposed line of sight was broken. The detection bars fill very quickly (on hard difficulty) and the slightly different mechanic took me a bit to get used toLevel Design and EnvironmentAs I said before I've only done two full missions. One was going through a section of city and another was a large building. They have added a lot of vertical elements, even more so than dishonored 1. There are tons of goodies to find hidden all over the levels. The levels are large and dense, with a lot of AI characters. There are neutral zones where you can talk to civilians without worry of being attacked.MissionsAs in Dishonored 1, there are many paths you can take through each mission. I anticipate I'll be replaying this game many times."
76561197999756493,Recommended,403640,26725039,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Greven [TATAB],"This game is fun and runs without a hitch on my Nvidia 1070.  Everyone moaning about the performance issues needs to upgrade their PC or go buy a PS4/XBOX One.  The story line is immersive, combat dynamics when powers are involved is entertaining.  The ability to choose your player and the option to forego using powers is a nice change from the original for those who love a challenge.  I highly recommend if you are a fan of the first Dishonored."
76561197981441664,Not Recommended,403640,34629590,Posted: 31 August,all,VERIFIED ALT RIGHT,"The more it goes, the more Bethesda turns into cancer"
76561198116470769,Recommended,403640,28656394,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,rabitsrule,GOT THIS GAME ONSALE BEEN PLAYING A LITTLE BIT PATCHES FOR THE GAME MUST OF FIXED ALOT OF STUFF BECAUSE I RUN IT MAXED AT 2560BY1440 resolution and all ultra and set fps limit to 30 and runs smooth games been fun so far. only complaint is graphic could of been better there almost close to definitive edition for dishonered one(RECOMMENDED REQUIREMENTS ARE TO HIGH FOR THE GRAPHICS QUAILTY other then that been great fun so far.
,Recommended,403640,26726722,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Witch,overall a good game but slightly buggy but still playable
76561198164570184,Recommended,403640,26548739,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,HORROR OF SCREAMS,"Dear Arkane Studios and people of the internet, I love the dishonored series and i hope you come out with Dishonored 3 in the future ( i hope) Dishonored 2 was extremly fantastic of coolness i know that you put alot of work into the game and i respect it ( ALOT) and all the gore and kills were so grusome that i loved it EVEN more. Emily was fantastic and i want to try Corvo too, i respect all of you who made all the adjustments for the game and i hope you guys will continue the DISHONORED SERIES."
76561198171680874,Recommended,403640,26623185,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,nhutch2002,this game is amazing you just need a good pc to run it
,Recommended,403640,28135452,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,smu,:)
,Not Recommended,403640,31551855,Posted: 4 May,all,PotVsKtl,"Game does not work. Black screen. won't launch. Demo is the same.EDIT: Thanks to Zekiran for reminding me I left this comment. In case anyone else is getting a black screen when starting the game, try hitting the ESC key several times to get out of whatever overlay you are stuck in. Once I did that I get to the menu screen with the game set to something like 640x480 resolution. Changing that and reloading it worked from then on."
76561198080597994,Recommended,403640,26543984,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,NEPHEW HARDERBEANIE,"I do very much enjoy the beginning of the game so far however I have crashed twice out of nowhere, once when I stepped into the first maket, and once when I arrived at the first place the lady takes you to."
,Recommended,403640,28720155,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,plɑgue,if(gidsetsize <=NGROUPS_SMALL)|group_info->blocks[0]=group_info->small_block;|else{|for(i=0;i<nblocks;i++){|gid_t *b;。b=(void *)__get_free_page(GFP_USER);|if(!b)|goto out_undo_partial_alloc;|group_info->blocks=b;}。HELP|HELP|HELP|HELP|HELP|HELP|HELP|HELP|HELP|HELP|HELP|HELP|HELP|HELP|HELP|HELP|HELP|HELP|HELP|HELP|HELP|HELP|HELP|HELP|HELP|HELP|HELP|HELP|HELP|HELP共通の興味を持つ個人を含みます。任意のグループのメンバーは、グループに投稿、グループの各メンバーは、通知を受け取ります。小企業所有者は共通の興味を持つ個人を含みます。任意のグループのメンバーは、グループに投稿、グループの各メンバーは、通知を受け取ります。所有者は単独で事業を運営し、従業員を雇う可能性があります。唯一の所有者は、営業費用または事業に対する判断のいずれかにかかわらず、事業に伴うすべての義務に対して無制限の責任を負います。HELP|HELP|HELP|HELP|HELP|HELP|HELP|HELP|HELP|HELP|HELP|HELP|HELP|HELP|HELP|HELP|HELP|HELP|HELP|HELP|HELP|HELP|HELP|HELP|HELP|HELP|HELP|HELP|HELP|HELP共通の興味を持つ個人を含みます。任意のグループのメンバーは、グループに投稿、グループの各メンバーは、通知を受け取ります。小企業所有者は共通の興味を持つ個人を含みます。任意のグループのメンバーは、グループに投稿、グループの各メンバーは、通知を受け取ります。小企業所有者は共通の興味を持つ個人を含みます。共通の興味を持つ個人を含みます。任意のグループのメンバーは、グループに投稿、グループの各メンバーは、通知を受け取ります。所有者は単独で事業を運営し、従業員を雇う可能性があります。唯一の所有者は、営業費用または事業に対する判断のいずれかにかかわらず、事業に伴うすべての義務に対して無制限の責任を負います。⎲⎳⎲⎳⎲⎳⎲⎳⎲⎳⎲⎳⎲⎳⎲⎳⎲⎳⎲⎳⎲⎳⎲⎳⎲⎳⎲⎳⎲⎳⎲⎳⎲⎳⎲⎳⎲⎳⎲⎳⎲⎳⎲⎳⎲⎳⎲⎳⎲⎳⎲⎳HELP ME PLEASE。​⠀⠀   ⠀⠀   ⠀⠀   ⠀⠀   ⠀⠀   ⠀⠀   ⠀⠀   ⠀⠀   ⠀⠀   ⠀⠀   ⠀⠀   ⠀⠀   ⠀⠀   ⠀⠀   ⠀⠀   ⠀⠀   ⠀⠀   ⠀⠀   ⠀⠀   ⠀⠀   ⠀⠀   ⠀⠀  ⠀⠀   ⠀⠀   ⠀⠀   ⠀⠀   ⠀⠀    ⠀⠀   ⠀⠀   ⠀⠀https://steamcommunity.com/tradeoffer/new/?partner=131001594&token=fwWOCm8Z▒██████████████████████████████─███─██─██─██────██───██───███─███─██─██─██─██─███─█████─██─█─█─██────██────███─███───██─────██─██─██─██─███─█████████─█─███─██─██─██─███─███─████████████████████████████████████████████████───██───██───███─████─███─█████─████─███───███─████─█████─██───███─███───████████████████████──███─████──████─████──████─██─███──██──█──█──██─█──█─█──██─█──█──███████───█──████──████─████──█──█───██──██──█──█──██─█──█─█──██─█──█───█████──███─████──█──█─████──████───█──────────────────────────────────█http://store.steampowered.com/app/440⠀⠀   ⠀⠀https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DnQpvGntKWY--hack_me--ok!o̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿_________________________________________o̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿_______________________________________________o̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿_______________________________________________o̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿________________________________________________o̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿______________________________________________o̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿̿
,Recommended,403640,30076614,Posted: 21 February,all,Banana,"🍌The speedrun is 30 minutes, but if you play slow and stealthy it's about 12 hours or more. There is two characters emily and corvo. The story whatsoever is soo boring, the witch from 1 dishonored showed up and make her own world, hovever i don't suggest wasting 60 euros on this game, because of the story and how fast you may finish the game, and FPS glitches,1.What's new, new powers, new story,you can have full campaign on without powers, Basically tha't it2.What they don't have, they don't have the multiplayer, that's it. The animals look ,,eewww'' except rats they impressive especially the ratatouille one. Well i hope it helped I just rewiewed, and wait for discount if you ever buy that game. 7/10.🍌"
76561198033183672,Not Recommended,403640,33128398,Posted: 2 July,all,Dairou,"Bad performance even on low settings, running it with a gtx970. Can´t get my fps above 100 and game looks terrible. On higher settings games feels too sluggish too play properly... Tried it for some hours but can´t play it comfortably... Uninstall it is."
,Recommended,403640,26597458,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,MagillaGrodd,"Terrible performance issues to the point where I have just stopped playing until fixed. But man what I have gotten to play is amazing! I am sure once this is patched I will be going through the game multiple times just like the first Dishonored. So early performance issues aside I will be leaving a positive review. It's more Dishonored with some sweet updates to gameplay and some amazing level design. If you haven't bought it already hold off until the patches come out, which will hopefully be soon.Pros-Great level design-Familiar yet fresh gameplay with a new playable character with unique abilities-Great Voice Acting and writing (so far, I don't imagine it will change that much through the rest of my playthrough)-Gorgeous Art direction and visuals-Challenging and rewarding stealth and action combat-More fleshed out and believable world of both science and magicCons-Poorly optimized at the moment (AMD seems to have gotten the worst of it)-Main plot is a rehash of Dishonored's plot in terms of tone and what motivates the characters"
,Recommended,403640,26615161,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Gravy,"Game is running great. I didnt have to change any settings to get it running at a solid consistant frame rate. No random frame drops even when im doing tons of actions that could ""possibly"" cause the fps to fall a bit.Spent a few minutes on Key bindings and mouse settings and was good to go.I have a gtx970, i5 2500k. 16g Kingston DDR3, and a HDD for reference."
,Recommended,403640,26595733,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Numbuh 1™,This was a very good game if you can get higher then 45 FPS...
,Not Recommended,403640,34800802,Posted: 7 September,all,Фольга!,I h8 it
,Recommended,403640,26640582,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,CheFNaught,"First off. I dont know what everybody is complaining about, alot of people are saying there are performance issues and they cant even run it on low settings... So im not sure if they just have $hitty computeres or what but i dont get any performance issues. I get a constant 60fps on ULTRA settings even while im recording. and im running a Gtx 1070 with an i5, lol yes i said it, im running with an i5, and still no issues with this or any other game for that matter. But this game is awesome. i absolutely loved the first game and the sequel definitely does not disappoint,. the story is great, The atmosphere and scenery in the game is outstanding, the AI is great it doesnt feel like my enemies are stupid bots running into walls or anything, they actually come looking for you, peak under desks, in dumpsters, if there are pleanty of them around and they think they can take you they'll try to kill you in a group, or if you manage to abolutely scare the $hit out of them they'll take off running and go get backup. the combat in the game is absolutely fantastic and crazy fun, the slowmotion killcams are soooo satisfying to watch. plus slowmotion bullet time on crossbow bolts, not that big a deal but its still really awesome to watch. just satisfying watching that bolt you fired from 150 meters aways go straight into the dudes head, slealth mechanics and the supernatural powers you gain throught the story are amazing, never felt like more of a badass playing this game, i can go on and on all night about how great this game is, and i actually beat the game on normal and just started my second playthrough on Very Hard, if you've got a decent rig with a decent card (remember ive got a1070 and i5) it doesnt have to be top of the line to get good performance in this game.DEFINITELY check this game out especially if you were a fan of the first, can't wait to get back in and play some more. dont listen to these D-bags trashing the game, they dont know how to enjoy good art when they see it,. get the game already trust me its worth it."
76561197981692963,Not Recommended,403640,31013066,Posted: 8 April,all,IndianFritters,specs met the reqs for the game. took 2mins to start the game. Immediately crashed. Refunded
,Not Recommended,403640,33136157,Posted: 2 July,all,newyorkunique,"Stealth seems broken compared to the first game. AI can spot you from miles away whilst behind cover in stealth mode, even on easiest difficulty. Gave it two attempts before submitting a refund request. Shame, I loved the first game."
76561198046764594,Recommended,403640,26757027,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Bowl,"Ignore the hyperboles in the review section. The game feels great, has a ton of detail, and lots of fun mechanics to play around with. Definately a worthy successor of the first game. The preformance was pretty bad day one, and only when there was a lot going on in a small place, but they've released several patches fixing it up. The only place you'll experiance lag now is when you're fighting a lot of people in a small area, and even then it's still playable with a decent PC. I absolutely recommend it, but try to wait for a few more patches so that you don't have to worry about preformance issues if you have a sub-par PC."
76561198102440140,Recommended,403640,26597531,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Foxidel,"So everyone is going on about bad optimization, and i admit it could be better. But i don't know if people are expecting the game to run on ultra settings at 300 fps or something.My specs:i-5 4460 CPU8GB RamR9 380My settings and results:Ultra Setting PresetSteady 45 FPSUltra Setting Preset with Antialiasing HighSteady 60-65 FPSI have not dived very far into the game i only did setting FPS tests, but from WHAT I HAVE SEEN AND EXPERIANCED the game is just fine. At first glance i did not see any wall clipping or glitches. This may or may not change as i play through the game. I only had FPS issues on ultra preset with the highest Antialiasing option. Yes the FPS could be better but it is more than playable. I don't see where everyones issue comes from with optimization, but i see a lot of complaints coming from the people with newer graphics cards. For those willing to fight me on this i would be more than happy to share screen shot's of my results and settings. If you are having FPS issues just lower Antialiasing or play on High settings."
,Recommended,403640,26611019,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Trolleyfox,Oh My God! This is the single greatesr game I have ever played. Best part is shadow walk HOLY COW!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198059561424,Not Recommended,403640,34386277,Posted: 20 August,all,Battletag,"First time playing this game and this franchise in general.Initial thoughts - Wow this game looks cool1st hour of game - This games pretty fun, lots of mechanics to choose from and lots of killing2nd hour of game - (realizes that every goddamn map has like 15 runes for you to collect but some of them cannot be obtained due to not having the right power up) : ♥♥♥♥3rd hour of game - Why the ♥♥♥♥ do I need to collect goddamn runes to get better powerups, its tedious and boring4th hour of game - OK! collected all the runes in this one area. There are so many power ups to choose from, I wonder which one i should choose. When in reality all of the powerups in this game suck monkey♥♥♥♥♥♥except for like 3 exceptions.5th hour of game - I realized that I havent even finished the second chapter because what takes up the most time is looting every goddamn building only to come out disappointed.6th hour of game - ♥♥♥♥ those goddamn bugs (I mean actual bugs, like flies), Obnoxious and stupid to deal with. Doesnt really do anything other than guard the runes you need to collect.7th hour of game - Realize that every chapter is just rinse and repeat of the same mechanics but just with stronger enemys and a new map.8th hour of game - there is no 8th hour, i got fed up with it at this point. I only finished up to chapter 3 of this game and just decided to dump it from there. Seriously it gets boring as♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198007399976,Recommended,403640,28136829,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Mycroft,"Ok I've finally figured it out. People don't remember what games used to be like.Seriously go watch this dudes video.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SgVs1KiC1jYHe is making complaints about 30FPS; perhaps I'm a buffoon but his game looks pretty good to me, honestly I've been playing this on the highest graphics settings and don't notice anything...Game runs smoothly, seriously your average punter will not be able to tell the difference between 30 and 60 fps. Hell most movies that you've probably seen are 24FPS.Here is another side by side comparions showing the difference between 30 and 60 fpshttp://www.digitalstorm.com/unlocked/30-fps-vs-60-fps-gameplay-there-is-a-difference-idnum255/I don't know who these people are or what kind of God level vision they have but I for one am having a great time playing this game and everyone else I talk to feels the same way! Don't believe these comments please..if you have a decent rig and care more about gameplay than dumb ol' frames and crisp perfect graphics then you will enjoy this. It is playable, these people make it sound like the game is broken! (Which it isn't.)P.s I don't know whether it was the bad reviews or the ""awards"" or what...but I'll take the 33% sale. Thanks."
,Recommended,403640,26603688,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,J55x,Dishonored 2? More like $60 DLC for Dishonored.
76561197972358009,Recommended,403640,26616820,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,grassy49,"I dont know why so many people are crying this game runs great on my machine. I-5 6600 3.5 g, geo force 980 with 16 gig of ram."
76561198054414817,Not Recommended,403640,35008631,Posted: 16 September,all,Not a Graphic Designer,Crashes.
76561198197542906,Recommended,403640,26554268,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,cringy boi,i am playing this game on my pro-gamer PCi have :nvidia 8800intel pentinium512mb ramand i have 1 fps ... any ideas how to boost my fps ?
,Recommended,403640,28923090,Posted: 1 January,all,Fish Is Practically A Vegetable,"The game is amazing, bit annoying that you have to choose a character and stick with them through to the end.Other than that, the game feels like the first Dishonored. Storyline is great, fighting, assassinations, stealth and all the powers are great as well. If you liked Dishonored 1, buy this GAME!People who made negitive reviews about the game not working, is because there PC's are s**t, stop making reviews about your crap PC's and actually review the gameplay,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥."
,Recommended,403640,26727236,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Morganagod,"https://youtu.be/5IQ2IF6fyqkIt's like Bioshock, except... ya know... good."
,Recommended,403640,26555208,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,KyuzoPlays,Great transition from dishonored 1Catch the gameplay review athttps://youtu.be/3K53V92Hi5M
76561197970513373,Recommended,403640,26618470,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,ZPr13st [1080 VR],"I've played about 7 hours or so of this game so far and I absolutely love it. With a GTX 1080 and a 1440P GSYNC monitor I have no nauseating frame rate issues but It can certainly be higher (Pre-Patch).The lighting, textures and environments in this game are absolutely stunning. My play style is to sneak around and take everyone out silently and hide the evidence. I also like to explore and get collectibles which this game offers in spades. There are so many high quality environments and intricate details in almost every place you visit, including interiors of buildings you never realized you could go inside of. If you liked the first Dishonored you will LOVE Dishonored 2. I would say if you rush through and fight everyone out in the open and aren't interested in exploring slowly you might not get as much out of it."
76561198006532867,Recommended,403640,26606419,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Vinex,"Don't listen to the haters about performance woes, they are just distracted from a beatifully crafted stealth FPS.Reasonable story and very addicting to completionists.  I've been complelled to play through twice (high/low chaos) to get the full feel of the game.  I wish it had more levels and am looking forward to buying any DLC they put up for this game."
76561197977066080,Not Recommended,403640,28188810,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Travicles,"I bought this cause I received dishonor for free with it. I wish I would have just played the first one for 10$. After about 7 hours, I""m totally disinterested in this game. Its basically the first one, and both are not anything as good as bioshock, which is what these feel like they're pandering towards.  Should of bought gta"
,Not Recommended,403640,26511522,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Tacitplague,Horrible port sub 30 fps on low and the game doesnt even look that goodMy pc is not the best but i have:GTX 760I5 4670K8GB RAM500 GB SSDand 2 1.5TB HDDyet the game runs terribly
,Not Recommended,403640,33658516,Posted: 19 July,all,Scrubshark,"Reskinned Dishonored 1 with a new engine.Gameplay is still♥♥♥♥♥♥poor. Stealth system is still rudimentary and simple. The powers make it easy to traverse the maps.The story is just the same boring stuff from the first one.Lots of glitches and bugs.So much re-use from the old game, including music.Nothing new or inventive... ♥♥♥♥♥♥poor forgetable characters and even weaker implementation of consequences.I murdered every guard and every key target but the females and still got the low chaos ending. Ending of the story is a bowl of steaming crocodile♥♥♥♥♥♥Combat system is exactly the same, nothing revamped or tweaked.Platforming is a ♥♥♥♥♥ without superpowers.You can still kill essential npc's like in the old one which i find hilarious and actually the best part of the game. Love killing Sokolov over and over again.Short summary of the story; Another coup, another conspiracy another empress on the brink of death. Rat plague just swap rats with flies. Corvo becomes the wraith of vengeance again.. or the Kaldwin ♥♥♥♥♥ if you like to get in touch with your feminine side or you just like plunging yourself onto men and sometimes the ocassional tomboy guard.The heart repeats the  same 8 sentences over and over again. The heart scolds you for killing people yet in telling their secrets all guards are ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s and she sometimes encourages you to kill them only to scold you like a whiny♥♥♥♥♥♥because you are a murderer.Not recommended another MEH game to throw on the pile of shovelware. Such a well crafted and beautiful world with so much decent lore.. all squandered... just siting there like a neglected, malnourished infant. So much refference to whales but they rarely appear in the game or anything is mentioned about them except in notes.If you are a braindead♥♥♥♥♥♥ which i assume most gamers are, just accept it, go buy it. Because.. who gives a ♥♥♥♥ about the game itself as long as it is 1080p and 120 fps the game is good, then just buy it with a season pass to top of your turd sandwich since you lack any sense of wellbeing or critical thinking skills. Just eat that sludge you braindead ghoul. You wouldn't diiferentiate a video game from a pulsating ulcer on your repulsive face that is how inbred you are."
,Recommended,403640,26522126,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Avatar of Shibby,"Ran the game on my GTX 770.  It wasn't flawless, but I didn't feel like the experience was ruined by 30fps.  The game left the same warm fuzzy feeling as the first one after I completed the first run through."
,Not Recommended,403640,26511464,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,MolitovMichelle,"BUYER BEWARE-Does not run well at all.Played a few short moments of it and felt like it was getting stuck when moving around the mouse(not moving). Chaning the mouse settings did not fix this.As for the fps it stayed around the 44-54, jumping back and forth. All settings were on very high and at 2160x1440 so maybe with some tweeking there I could get a stable frame rate. EDIT: Checked at 1080p and still runs bad, its the game.I have a pretty new PC, certainly not the best of builds but a pretty good one.i5 6600k 4.2ghz, 16gb Ram, Gtx 1060 8gb Vram and was installed on a SSD.I see some people saying you need more than 8gb of ram, well you are far from the mark, 8gb should be more than enough.Even at very high and at the res stated above the game does not look particularly amazing, just a average looking game in terms of visuals.Just going out on a guess, I think its down to the use of Denuvo but there could be multiple problems with this games optimization.Personally I am going wait a few days and come back to it, if still broke in 3 days I will refund, that is my choice so I don't really care for anyone elses opinion on how I spend my money.I would not be surprised if this runs a little better currently on console but I cannot tell right now. Just wanted to let people know this game has day 1 issues that may be addressed soon. No need to rush into buying yet"
76561198017477295,Not Recommended,403640,33996953,Posted: 3 August,all,mikedwix,"down loading was 2 days when it finished couldn;t play it, 20 min to start 2 min to move mouse when i req to move corser, total disaster, yet dishonered i played was perfect, what have they done to dishonerd2 ?"
76561198027474576,Recommended,403640,28251518,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Rat Ogre,How did you guys let trump win?10/10Great Game
76561198056179120,Recommended,403640,26764094,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,¯\_(ツ)_/¯,I love this game
76561198031288491,Recommended,403640,26726163,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,ggsawyer123,gud♥♥♥♥♥
76561198032193821,Recommended,403640,26615731,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Legacy,"I have to say that I have had absolutely no problems with this game since playing last Thursday 11/10/2016. Gameplay is fluid and exciting. I have experienced some frame rate issued, but nothing that broke my immersion to the game. Loading time are meh much faster on console. In all honesty I think that the game runs better on PC than it does on console. (I have a copy on PS4 as well). It may be because of my system specs that I have experienced little to no issues, but as is stands, i think that this is probably one of my favorite games so far. I do wish it had a mission select menu though..."
76561198005398552,Recommended,403640,26525816,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,human32167,Very beautiful game. Woth its money
76561198021718552,Not Recommended,403640,28138827,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,wonder333,一个月就OFF 33%？WTF游戏很精致好玩，可怜得一差评
,Recommended,403640,26567926,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Rekquiem,"I didn't have any issues whatsoever, always over 80 fps. Great game overall; 10/10"
,Recommended,403640,26600170,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,SirGay(MadbossDVS),All you guys hating on this game are pathetic. This game is awesome and is high recommened for dishonored fans. It is better in everyway compared to the last game you even have replayability with the fact that there are two charcters with diverse powers to pick from. I love this game and im glad I preordered it so that I could play it on the first day it came out.PS: I have not come across one technical problem that is game breaking and ruins it so much that I go to steam and rate this game down. Screw everyone that hates on this game ONE OF THE BEST SEQUELS I HAVE EVER PLAYED.▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▌───────────────────────────────▐▌█▀█─█─█─▀█▀─▀█▀─█─█─█─█─█▀█─▀█▀▐▌█▀▄─█─█──█───█──█▀█─█─█─█▀▄──█─▐ +Haters=thumbs down on dishonored 2.▌▀▀▀─▀▀▀──▀───▀──▀─▀─▀▀▀─▀─▀──▀─▐▌───────────────────────────────▐▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀██▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀
,Recommended,403640,26553133,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Andross,"Game is great, ignore all the negative reviews. Just run the game on high settings until Bethesda puts out the pc fix. The game is not broken anyone who says so is a ♥♥♥♥ing retard"
,Recommended,403640,26595510,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,attila,"BOOHOO THE GAME DOESNT WORK GOOD ON PC AFTER BEING RELEASED FOR 2 DAYS :(((if any of these ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ had played the 1st game they'd know how smooth the 1st game was, obviously the problems will be fixed the game's only been released for about a week now and honestly it already feels better (might just be placebo of getting used to it not sure)as for gameplay, the game doesn't disappoint it's just as fun as the 1st game but with even more replay value (which is what made the original great in the first place)however the game is more difficult, the movement still feels fantastic but the AI is intelligent now (detection works differently but honestly it's better)if you're reading this developpers please ♥♥♥♥ing REMOVE ROBOTS they're OP AS ♥♥♥♥ and impossible to deal withother than that bretty gud game"
76561198023499001,Recommended,403640,26508423,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,kvstoodangeroustodare,Great follow up to the original. Looks stunning and runs fine.
76561197960950095,Not Recommended,403640,35350763,Posted: 30 September,all,trberghuis,The game will randomly just exit as if I hit alt+f4. Very annoying.
,Recommended,403640,26590154,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,superclark715,"Runs great for me. No hiccups or issues.Playing on an ultrawide 1440x3440 and maintains a constant 90 fps. Never seen any frame drops or lag. Playing on a 1080 so may be why I am not having issues, but not even a hint of an issue on my end."
,Recommended,403640,26622614,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Jacket,"Dishonored 2. Now, with everyone slating dishonored 2 for its performance issues, it's only fair that i mention i have a real desktop custom built and you should too. Not a low end laptop. how can you expect to play a console game ported to PC with a bad computer? Thats like saying my coffee machine wont dispense me vodka... Following the RECOMENDED REQUIRMENTS ( for those who dont read them, they are important....), here is my machineGraphics card - GTX Nvidia 1070RAM - 16GProcessor - I7 6700K 4.00GhzOS - Windows 10 64 - bit^^^^^PERFECTLY ADEQUETE TO PLAY THIS GAME WITHOUT PERFORMANCE HIDERANCE... onto the Review!Gameplay - Major improvement from Dishonored. Not only can you play any style you wish, you can play them twice over with 2 characters, giving plenty of replayability. Dishonored was roughly this. Grind Runes, get all abilities. Beat the game.This game improves on that. now its - Find runes along the way (hunt them for those dedicated), carefully invest to certain passive and active abilities, make the best build you want for your playstyle, BE A BADASS... improving on the more pacifist material in the game is a great addition. non lethal combat takedowns save the restarting previous saves syndrome for those who dont mind getting seen.The only downside i would have is how the enemy NPS'C Daredevil Hearing quickly changes your chances of survival from a fair fight to 12 men executing you with their elite guard sniper training.... with pistols.... you could start a 1 on 1 in a house and 7 seconds later the whole map of enemies is poking your body with their sharp metal sticks...Enviorment - Much more choice then ever! rip shít up like chuck norris Hulksmashing his way through the guards, sneaky snaking through the rooftops, bloodfly infested buildings, no ♥♥♥♥♥er would dare follow you thropugh those, drainpipes, rat tunnels, swamp shít diving, open mountain badass superjumping. you make your way through the levels YOUR WAY....Graphics. Bethesda never lets us down on these Graphics. so much thought has been put into every map and every corner. No copy and paste levels, every level is truely hand crafted goodness. from the castle of dunwall to the dry streaks of Píss staines that cover the slums from a begger, 1 hour ago in game. Wait untill you make your way through The Clockwork Mansion. HOURS of fun in there and its intricate design looks beautiful....To wrap this up.... - This game is definatley worth the money, ignore those who complain, just have a decent machine and the game will run..  if not, wait for the patch bethesda are slaving over to make the game compatable with Lower end gear... 6.2 hours as of this review, plenty of time to notice ""bad performance"" just for god sake, i cannot ♥♥♥♥♥ing stress this enough.... have the RECOMENDED requirments to play this game. anything less is a big risk. or play it on console... Otherwise i hope your time in dunwall is a satisfyting one. Happy hunting! ^_^"
,Recommended,403640,26557316,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Makkon,"Runs fine, feels great, love the environment art, and the characters are wonderful. Good story, too; huge leap in voice acting and character diversity. Above all, some of the best stealth and action I've played in years, better than the first I think. I look forward to playing through it again many times, there's lots of replay value here I think.Windows 10i7-6700k @ 4GHz64 GB DDR4 RAM (excessive but I need it for my job)GTX 980tiI'm baffled by the negative reviews from gamers running on a potato rig with a 1080 shoved into it. Your machine is as fast as your slowest part, and if  demand truely excellent visuals, with no visual downgrade after E3, on your PC with Ultra Settings above 50FPS, I'm sorry. It's not just the GPU that matters. This game is a work of art, and to tarnish it's launch en-mass because you can't run it on Ultra with your top-heavy fried potato is insulting."
76561198020158855,Not Recommended,403640,29455127,Posted: 23 January,all,alienjack,"We all know that video games are unrealistic, almost by definition; we do things like fight monsters and zombies, and kill people wholesale. We switch weapons and drink potions in the middle of melees with no loss of time.Video games are unrealistic. I get it, you get it; we all get it.But that doesn't mean they have to be stupid. And this game is REALLY stupid.I'm not sure what jerkoff phoned in the script for this piece of dung, but I am actually embarrassed on their behalf.In fact, I'm embarrassed for everybody who had anything to do with this game.The opening act, where it was explained that an empress and her father were being blamed for a series of murders, was stupid enough, but when  the game actually started, and some nobleman from a far-off island showed up with some lady who is the MAIN CONTENDER FOR THE THRONE, packing GIANT EFFING WAR-MACHINES, and this AMAZING SPY-MASTER WITH THE WITCHY-POWERS, who has also allowed a previous assasination to succeed through his staggering incompetence is COMPLETELY UNABLE TO PREDICT THIS,  I was done. My stupidity meter had reached maximum threshold.Corvo is supposedly this amazing spy-master for a realm that is smaller than Rhode Island, and yet his security measures allow the MAIN CONTENDER FOR THE THRONE to overwhelm his security with FOUR effing GIANT WAR MACHINES, and nary an alarm is sounded throughout the entire process. In fact, this AMAZING SPY-DUDE has ZERO spies in place to warn him that an attempt for the throne by the OBVIOUS SUSPECT is in the offing, and is caught COMPLETELY OFF-GUARD by a coup that is amazingly similar to the one in which he lost the first Empress.Three 12-year-olds whose entire political experience consists of playing Risk with their nerdy friends who get beat up alongside them for their lunch money on a daily basis could have hatched a more plausible political backstory.This is some aging steampunk's acid-dream, and it doesn't stand up to as much scrutiny as that Wild Wild West movie with Will Smith, and THAT'S saying something.I own the first Dishonored, which is an okay game. Not wonderful, not terrible; just okay. The game universe isn't very compelling, nor is the plot very fleshed-out and deep, and it's very hard to immerse yourself in, but my nine-year-old seemed to think that the first Dishonored was good enough that he wanted the second one for Christmas.So I bought this sequel for my kid, installed it on my own PC as a shared game, and took a crack at it.I lasted ten minutes, which is how long it took to realize that I'd been ripped off.In fact, once I played this piece of garbage for ten minutes, I felt so very sorry for my kid that I've resolved to buy him a new, different game, to make it up to him.I might even try to get our money back under the Steam return policy, in fact, and I never do that. That's how stupid the storyline is.Quite frankly, Bethesda didn't have a very high bar to reach for here, in terms of the franchise. The fact that they failed to do so in such a terrible fashion is, particularly for a big-name player like Bethesda, a complete embarrassment, as previously mentioned.If you've got money to spend on a game, and you're into RPG FPS games, you would do well to pick a different game than this one. Almost any other game will do, in fact.THIS is the company responsible for both Skyrim and Fallout: New Vegas. You would think that their writers wouldhave their sh*t together, but obviously, they decided to cut corners somewhere.This game is a phoned-in piece of lazy storywriting and shoddy implementation, and it's not worth your time."
76561198011515629,Not Recommended,403640,28875485,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Blackcompany,"Its more Dishonored. WIthout a single shred of innovation anywhere.Coupled with poor voice work, a bug riddled engine, less interesting level design than the first game and a lack of memorable...well, anything...I cannot recommend  this one."
,Recommended,403640,28933097,Posted: 2 January,all,Sleeping Adonis,"Oh Wait Gotta Rate The Game Bad Because It Runs Slow And I Can't Play It... Let Me Refund It And Hate On It Because I Can't Get A Solid 3000 FPS... I Dropped 30 Frames After The First Our Of The Game Now I'm At 2970 FPS?!?! ""HATE IT BAD GAME DON'T IT BECAUSE IT RUNS SLOW"" Mate You Don't Write Reviews For A Game Bad Just Because Your Computer Can't Run It Very Well... You Write A Review On Weither The Game Is Good Or Not, Meaning The Story, The Characters, The Mechanic's, Maybe How Beautiful Or Garbage The Graphics Are... Not How Well The ♥♥♥♥ing Game Runs For You... Above All This Game As I Have Played So Far Along Side The First Dishonored Beats Bioshock Over All, Story, Gameplay, Lovable Characters, And Graphics (Of Course)... And If You Have Played All 3 Bioshocks You Know Damn Well How Good Those Games Are... But The Amount Of Story, Back Story (Lore), Exploration Etc. Bioshock Forgive Me, But Dishonord Has You Beat By A Long Shot... Strongly Recommend This Game If You Love Well Thought Out Story, Lore, And Exploration"
76561198050865043,Not Recommended,403640,34540305,Posted: 27 August,all,issssk,"Nothing but constant try and error situations. Enemies are grouped in such a way that you can't take out a single one withour immediately getting an alert. Stealth is 10 times harder than just going in and shooting everything, be prepared to reload at least 100 times per level even on easiest settings."
,Recommended,403640,26576898,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Virtual Party Center - YouTube,"Not entirely sure what everyone is talking about. Im getting great results at 1080p on Ultra settings. 144+ fps.ive got 2 GTX 1080's running SLI with the new SLI Bridge so maybe that is helping. Anyways the game is great!EDIT: I am OVERRIDING graphics settings using Nvidia Control panel, not sure if that is helping or not."
,Recommended,403640,28410598,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Celreo,To all the people who complaining about shiitt fps. BUY A BETTER PC! THE GAME RUNS JUST FINE! Like seriously why would you a buy a game that your PC doesn't reach the requirements for a soild game experience then you just biitch and downrate the game for an abysmal reason.Idiots frustrate me! -.-Other than idiots hating the game I give it 10/10 just make sure you read the requirements so you don't look like a fool.
76561198031015909,Not Recommended,403640,34467679,Posted: 24 August,all,Michael,"NVIDIA GeForce GTX 1080Z170-Gaming K3 motherboardWindows 10 x64-based PCIntel (R) Core(TM) i7-6700K CPU @ 4.00 GHzI've played 2 hours worth on the first level, and I'm running the game on max settings. Everything was fine until the game crashed while I was using the weapons wheel. I'm very surprised this could be crashing on Steam. I'm very disappointed, and I hope there's a fix for the crashes.Edit: game crashed a second time on mission 2 while i was in the save menu. no fix yet."
76561198018306841,Not Recommended,403640,30965913,Posted: 5 April,all,Comedian,"can't wait that long for a discount，then few weeks after my purchase，50% off :)btw i haven't played this game much because of the fps problem（one chapter would cost me hours），which hurts me deeper！fxxx you betheda，fxxx you valve！（and if you don't have dishonored2, buy it now!）"
76561198179347886,Not Recommended,403640,33234482,Posted: 4 July,all,b.yoda.11,Runs terribly
,Recommended,403640,26641793,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,The Master Sword,"One of the best games out there. Some poeple have optimazation problems, but mine runs fine on an I7 4770/1070gtx/16gigs of ram. Shocking what happens when you meet recommended. If you don't meet the specs, guess what, it won't run well. *GASP* Anyway 62 hours in my first playthrough and it'll take at least 3 to play it all. Sign me up. Everything is great here from level design to music to voice acting. More of what you love refined from the first. And yea playing the first is a heavily preffered prerequisite here, so do your self a favor and go back and play it along with the DLC which is a must for this as well. Games great, don't listen to the haters."
76561198081497568,Recommended,403640,26638166,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,❖Worldeclipse❖,YO  ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥S CHILL THE ♥♥♥♥ DOWN WITH THEM optimization  this and optimization that! just STFU and wait. ♥♥♥♥ing reviews filled with damn PC  performance and not much about the game itself.
,Not Recommended,403640,32942286,Posted: 28 June,all,Qtaro Kujo,it was♥♥♥♥♥♥because no run on pc
76561197981003011,Recommended,403640,26624140,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,SaneVirus,"Once again, kids crying that it is a poor port.  NOT A PORT!  It is a PC game!!  It runs great!  Disable God Rays and Nvidia HBAO if your rig can't handle it.  Perhaps people need to upgrade their PC?  I think these negative reviews lately for new releases reflect how little people really know about PC hardware.  Please, please, please do your homework before just assuming that every game should run perfect on your PC.  Learn how to turn settings down if you need to.  Stop crying about every new game that comes out this year, please!  FYI, Mouse Smoothing was added has an option in game now, no more tweaking game files needed.The game runs smooth and is a worthy sequel to the first.  Happy Gaming!!!"
,Recommended,403640,26675366,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Ebby ❤,"Cry babies that put negative only because their pc is♥♥♥♥♥♥should be ignored, Its the best single player game ive played since the Witcher 3 and that alone should tell you plenty.I played as Emily on Low chaos (Meaning I dont kill anyone and play stealthily) and her new abilities brings up more to the table than I expected.So what does Dishonored 2 add to the franchise aside from a new storyWell first off the option to play as a second character: Emily CaldwinShe has different abilities from Corvo that adds alot of gameplay differences. For example her main ability is a ""Shadow Grab"" which can be used as a blink to ledges and etc. But it can also be used to propel yourself forward which adds more depth to the movement. You can also spec so that her shadow grab can crab onto enemies and objects.There is also a new item, the Outsiders Timepiece which lets you alternate between the past and the present and you can even look into glass shards on the piece to reflect how your suroundings looks in the oposite era (How the past looks if you are in the present and how the present looks if you are in the past)And if you care about that sort of stuff (I really dont) alot of the guards are now women or POCOverall the gamplay and story is fantastic and gets pretty chalenging at times (Especially on low chaos) Despite what peeple say I haven't ran into a single bug or graphical issue and framerate is absolutely fine and stable for meI wasnt expecting the game to be as good as it was to be quite honest and would Whole hartedly recomend to anyone that is a fan of the stealth games."
,Recommended,403640,26708344,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,☆FluffyMisha☆,i wite for this game 4 yearsepc gamefu fun fun gamei love it game its epic game
,Not Recommended,403640,34805363,Posted: 7 September,all,old,Why you killed Half life?
,Recommended,403640,28241996,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Lord Merrywea7her,"Game is great, game runs fine on my pc on full ultra. PC Gaming master peasants would disagree apparently.10/10 would buy decent setup again"
76561198033843530,Recommended,403640,30959469,Posted: 5 April,all,ExaiLe,"12,5/5"
,Not Recommended,403640,30970518,Posted: 5 April,all,Buffy_Bunny,meh -_-
,Recommended,403640,28570497,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Arkonman,people say this game has some graphic tecnical issues and some fps drops.. well im having thoose fps drops but I DONT CARE BECUZ İ WAİTED SOO LONG FOR THİS GAME AND İTS SOO AWESOME!!!!! PLSSSS DİSHONORED 3!!!!! BEST GAME EVEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEER
,Recommended,403640,26618975,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,@onetapjack,10/10 nominated for award
,Recommended,403640,26569437,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Ronnie2k,"All these ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s are ruining the games ratings, most games launch with performance issues. This games runs perfect with my 970 and it has great gameplay, if your computer sucks wait till its fixed but it is a very good buy."
,Not Recommended,403640,26509079,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,A troll that makes u angry,"Sadly, what might be potentially the most anticipated game of 2016, runs terribly on the PC. Not sure if they are poorly optimised for PC or what, but at its current state, 10 Nov 2016 it runs poorly.My system specs:i5 440012GB DDR3GTX1060 6GBThe spec listed is more than enough to run this game at 1080p beyond 60fps constant. My PC could run GTA V, DOOM and other triple A titles @80-100fps, you guys know the power of the 1060, but it's not shining in this game, yet. Lowering the resolution to 1600x900 with very low presets, nope, couldnt get smooth framerates. Hopefully the patch to fix this is released as soon as possible.buy, but dont buy it YET"
,Not Recommended,403640,32957418,Posted: 28 June,all,zech,NO DONT ♥♥♥♥ING BUY IT. THE GAME CANT EVEN GO ♥♥♥♥ING FULLSCREEN.
76561198118520862,Recommended,403640,26619022,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Wesler218,Don't believe the review just because it was released unoptimized.The game is still GOTY material.That is all...
,Recommended,403640,26622636,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Dong but not forgotten,"Its fun, its good, I like it. The frame rate isnt a big deal, jeeze guys, calm down"
76561198082959567,Not Recommended,403640,28688417,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,BurgerKrieg,Nothing you haven't seen a hundred times before. Another pointless retread wrapped up in a shiny AAA wrapping. Utterly boring to any gamer who wasn't born last week.
76561198170204995,Recommended,403640,28499036,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,n1juicedgoose,"I like tthe game fine. I wish all the haters would keep the trivial complaints to themselves. A company does not need bad plublicity, I mean sooner than later publishers will just quite making AAA games for PC just to keep a good rep. With the amount of consoles in the would they could still do very very well. Does anybody agree?"
,Not Recommended,403640,28432079,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Topagae,LEft it running because it was just so boring...
76561198176361099,Not Recommended,403640,33249521,Posted: 4 July,all,Kingfall,runs like my ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,403640,33259653,Posted: 4 July,all,sparky_sparky,"i dont really care about the story in game where you have to read notes to get like ""clues""the gameplay doesnt really make up for that in my opinion.the game runs smoothly as far as im concered and i had no technical problems unlike a majority of people.refund/10"
,Not Recommended,403640,32704378,Posted: 23 June,all,Captian Anul,"Dishonored 2 is a great continuation of Dishonored, and manages to keep the previous game'smechanics and even improve them.Dishonored, if you don't know, is a game about a man who is blamed for the assassination on theold empress, lady kaldwin. After recieving help to escape from the prison you're capturedin, escaping lethally or non-lethally. You meet up with the loyalist group that wants to bringback the power to young Lady Emily.Dishonored continues from the ending of Dishonored, althrough the actions that you had donein the original are not transferable to Dishonored 2. None the less, the game does a great jobof keeping it neutral to the events of what happened in the last game, leaving the player of theoriginal to believe whatever they want about the past. The game machanics are well done andare improved and make the game have more difficulty, which can be a good or bad thing ifyou're as *great* as i am at the game. The new progession tree for the powers add toreplayability as you the player will have to make the choice of whether you want to get theBlink upgrade first or if you want to go straigth into the Bend Time power, and with the newNew Game+ update, replaying will allow you to have the powers you previously didn't andimprove over and over as you replay the game.In short, would i recommend this game? Yes... Yes I would."
76561198099288714,Recommended,403640,26589103,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Appoh,"Game runs fine on my gtx 1060, i unno what the problem is? update ur drivers people. game play is ♥♥♥♥ing solid too. love this game!"
,Recommended,403640,26546235,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,The Senate,Preformance issues do not happen to Harambe and his 1080.
76561197970619413,Recommended,403640,26506463,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,aimmy79,good game. bad performance. wait for patches.
76561198009370334,Not Recommended,403640,28237915,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Bastard,this game is ♥♥♥♥ing boring
76561198113867333,Recommended,403640,26507519,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Twshadowninja,Holy ♥♥♥♥ baby I'm back
76561198091195438,Not Recommended,403640,32748406,Posted: 24 June,all,Swagrid,I loooved the first dishonored and this game stink! imo
76561198137817053,Not Recommended,403640,26564472,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,ben,cant run the game on my computer which runs CSGO at 200 fps nice
76561198089493456,Recommended,403640,26504871,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Zordon cum dumpster,DUDE people fall down stairs in this BEST THING EVER
,Recommended,403640,26505752,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Aamta,amazing game really amazingbut one conlots of jaggered edges
,Not Recommended,403640,30999562,Posted: 7 April,all,FusionZGamer,Why did they even release this garbage on Steam.
76561197970735610,Not Recommended,403640,28467701,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Hypersonic4000,What a boring game...Zzzz
,Not Recommended,403640,33210991,Posted: 3 July,all,LaEnana,"Terrible, half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥attempt at a sequel."
76561198090631576,Not Recommended,403640,30891395,Posted: 1 April,all,Tlttybear153,"Hi i would love a refund. This game is way too difficult for me idk what it is I've never had a game this hard ha sorry. Steam wont let me refund because I have a couple hours into the game but thats only because I've truly tried to make pase in the game but it just isnt working out. (If you""re going to make a hard♥♥♥♥♥game you should make the respawns faster)"
76561198017960637,Recommended,403640,26755442,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,MindsEye,People need to upgrade their Gen 7 and 8 series cards.  For reals.  Then play.
,Recommended,403640,26506627,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Fire Keeper,"still quite uncomfortable when press C, too slow IMO"
,Recommended,403640,26528106,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Stymeist,My 980 GTX TI runs this game like a dream. This game plays like a dream.To everyone else: UPGRADE YOUR GARBAGE PC. IT'S 2016
,Recommended,403640,26505006,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,ÏŤ,"This game is good, it prove those ppl who canceled thier preorder wrong.good opti also."
,Not Recommended,403640,35031243,Posted: 17 September,all,BOTTOM FRAGER,"♥♥♥♥♥♥ GAME MADE ME STEALTH ALL THE TIME!!!FOR ♥♥♥♥♥♥ 20 SECOND CLIP OF AN GOOD ENDING??????♥♥♥♥♥♥REWARD♥♥♥♥♥♥ AI IS UNFAIR AS♥♥♥♥♥♥WHILE PLAYING HARD(YE DAT RETARD ROBBOOT AND WITCHEES)♥♥♥♥♥♥ STUPID PLOT LOOKS LIKE 5 YEARS OLD CAN RRRIGHT, HELL I CAN DO BETTER♥♥♥♥♥♥GRAPHICS♥♥♥♥♥♥POWER♥♥♥♥♥♥DESCIONSHIIT GOOD GUY AND BAD GUY- BUY INFINITE WARFARE INSTEAD 2/10"
,Recommended,403640,30274388,Posted: 2 March,all,BadgerWaffles,"EDIT: There are certain levels and stages in this game that are just amazing! Breath takingly beautiful while also create several ways of doing the level. From different sides, to time control, to pure stealth or just going ham and killing everything. It really is a great game in the end. I did have problematic lag for only a little bit on the dust level but it was only for a minute or so.I put off buying the second one due to all the harsh reviews and bug problems, it is Bethesda people. However after buying it and playing it for several hours I can say it's not a bad game at all, very reminiscent of the first one! However that is both a good and bad things. It reminds me of a very long DLC more so than it's own game and thus could not recommend the full 60$ price.STILL it is a great game! And if you played the first one and loved it you will play this one and will love it too. It's nice to be able to play as Emily or Corvo and their different powers and minor differences in story/dialogue.On the other hand I've had problems with the voices during the cutscenes being too quiet or unclear, being cut off and such. That are the actors just really didn't try this time around, I assume its the early reason though.I love the universe they've created and it's very nice to see it expanded. It reminds me a lot of Mark of the ninja; just a great stealth game overall.I'd wait for a flash sale or the summer sales or such before gettting this game."
76561197972364092,Recommended,403640,30416774,Posted: 9 March,all,Lockey,"If you liked the previous Dishonored game, you will like this new installment. If you didn't, the game hasn't changed significantly and you probably won't enjoy your time in Karnaca.Mechanically it's more of the same. Sneak around and avoid detection or commit brutal slaughter (or anything inbetween the two extremes). Use the powers the Outsider gives you to get an advantage over your enemies and take out the target for each level. Like in part one, if you go on a rampage the levels become more desolate and you will encounter more enemies. It does feel like the guards are more clever this time around. They will get suspicious when their mates start disappearing and respond a lot better to any sounds you cause. There also seem to be far more alternative paths. I really like the more intricate level designs compared to Dishonored 1.For me the most interesting path has been playing Emily without powers. Just refuse the Outsider's mark, and you get to play a game more like Thief. You have more money left for gadgets, but you will need to study the environment more carefully for paths that can be taken without the use of said powers. Even more so if you are going for zero detection.The PC version of the game isn't perfect. Performance is so-so, though I disagree with some of the harsh criticisms on how good or bad the game looks. The graphics are stylized, just like in part one, so do not expect photorealism. Just use the game's recommended setting, and you should be fine. It won't look like the screen shots, though. Not sure what they used for that. On my system (2,7 GHz i7, 16GB Ram, GTX 980M 4GB, 1920x1200) that put me at medium settings. Framerate is more important than graphical effects, in my opinion. There are a few graphical glitches here and there if you know where to look, but not enough to spoil the fun.Also expect to fail and reload regularly as the game fails to interpret controls or the AI looks through walls. The choke command is very hit-and-miss at certain angles. Another particular anoyance is that after loading a save game the AI will go into alert state and suddenly change paths. This sometimes makes your quicksave useless. Adding insult to injury, the autosave will then save after combat, so be sure to press escape immediately if things go wrong ad reload. Worst case, you will be redoing large sections of a mission as you curse the inept save feature. Did anyone actually test this?At almost 40 hours in and still not done playing, I'd say the game is worth its price, and I would heartily recommend it to anyone who likes these types of stealth games. Just don't expect to set the graphics to the maximum settings. Particularly not at 4k."
,Recommended,403640,30424691,Posted: 10 March,all,Barenhaft,"This is a strong sequel to Dishonored. It's especially good in terms of game mechanics, as it lets you experiment with combinations of different powers.It's not quite got the same gray morality feeling of the original game, and the choices provided don't feel as difficult. Still, the characters were fleshed out nicely.I definitely recommend this, both to stealth and action fans, as well as anyone who likes a good story."
76561198167205777,Recommended,403640,30418592,Posted: 9 March,all,ThyLordsScythe,"HOLY♥♥♥♥♥♥THIS GAME IS AWESOME GOTTA DO IT ON THE CHAOS SIDE NOW ! the fps is ok however the story itself makes it so worth it ive waited 6 weeks downloading this game on 64kb/s hotspot wifi and man was it worth it the ending was pretty satisfying knowing that whatever path you took you would know the outcome i choose the low chaos outcome choosing not to kill any of the prime targets or ""bosses"" and so my ending was nice however if you were to choose the high chaos ending it would probably be dark, depending on who you kill or dont kill the outcome of cerkonos and dunwall are different. overall9.5/10would give 10/10 if the fps were to be fixed this game really deserves it !"
76561198209696425,Recommended,403640,29526204,Posted: 27 January,all,Donaldest,"if you prefer gameplay over story this will probably be one of your favorite games but if you actually listen to what the characters say dear lord are you in for a hair pulling, face palming time. That is if you can even run it."
,Recommended,403640,29523958,Posted: 27 January,all,RaidenKaiden,I am a huge fan of Dishonored and Arkane Studios is my favorite game developer. I wanna say that i may be biased but i have to say Dishonored 2 is one of my favorite games of 2016. But i have to adrees the elephant in the room and that is that the PC version was unstable at Launch but after two month after release the is stable and is working good i did not have have many issues on launch and i preordered the game that is how biased i am guys but the game is good and it has high replay value thanks to new game plus mode and custom dificulityhere is a simple pros and consPros- 2 playable characters Emily and Corvo each with diffrent skills and powers- graphics are fantastic the art style stand among the best alongside Bioshock and borderlands-new game plus and custom dificulity mode- great voice acting for the most part( see below)Cons- unstable release launch- Lack of focus in the main story- some off the bad guys are boring and dull- dont like the outsiders new voice while the actor that plays him does a good job it pales in comperinsings to the orginal actorHope this review was useful sorry that my grammer sucks but i wanted to write this review so people know that this game is good
76561198282574495,Recommended,403640,29555071,Posted: 28 January,all,PickleWhipped Fuk-a-loo,"Good game. Ran nicely, great graphics. It was difficult to stay non-lethal, but i did it. Beat the game w/o killing too many people. Now it's time to play violently, and to see how Corvo plays. I guess it all depends on how you like to play. The game has replayability, but there was something missing in the end. I don't know what it was, but i still would recommend the game at the current price. I would give it an 8.5/10. Great job Bethesda!"
76561197970767626,Recommended,403640,29575678,Posted: 29 January,all,evilbred,"Initially I rated this low because of the awful optimization on release and the insanely high system requirements.Now, I was a HUGE fan of Dishonored 1, how huge? Well I went out and bought an all new PC and GTX 1080 primarily to play this game.Now that I can play it (on ultra settings with the improved optimization patches) I can say:  My god, the game is gorgeous and the game play is incredible.So much ability to approach from different angles, to do missions in different styles. The development of the characters (my first playthrough is Emily) is spot on. You really like her, she’s not too good, nor is she too intent on vengeance, very nuanced.My recommendation is if you can play this game, and enjoy stealth and open world games, then play this one. I can’t recommend it enough now."
76561198316228057,Recommended,403640,29520462,Posted: 27 January,all,UNknown__MAN_333,nc game i recommend it for those who likes stealth and the previous dishonored
76561198022935018,Recommended,403640,27217119,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,LFaker,"A bit slow at first because of compatibility problems, however new patch allows for fluid, enjoyable gameplay.Fulfilled expectations"
76561197981682505,Recommended,403640,30853195,Posted: 31 March,all,║▌║▌║яαsρ,"Seems like I always focus on what ""could have been"" had developer made other choices. The engine, while boasting great ability for immersive graphics, isn't very good when it comes to combat. And... this is actually an Action game so it's kinda important. But the story is great, part two, with characters from the past woven together with young Emily, now Empress. The option to play stealth, while interesting, is quite difficult. But does open the game for further replay. As does playing the whole thing with either Emily or Corvo. Second time through I played with Emily, Extra Hard, with no magic. Fun game that could have been great!"
,Recommended,403640,30842024,Posted: 30 March,all,Evian.,10/10.
,Recommended,403640,26551913,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,B Unit 117,Update: After multiple patches the game is finally playable on PC with only minor performance hiccups. So I am retracting my initial negative review and giving this games a thumbs up because it is insanely fun! Hopefully future games in the series won't have launch issues like this one.
,Not Recommended,403640,26539506,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,D3AD_L1N3,"I wouldn't recommend this game based on the history of it from launch, to this moment, since it has seen little upgrades, the developers avoided answering the fans, and honestly it felt rushed, please avoid supporting developers that since day 1 forgot their own game and acted like they launched a good game, because they didn't, if they don't care that their game runs like trash, please don't care about their products."
,Recommended,403640,27777129,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,⎛⎝Charrun⎠⎞,It's a fun game that whittles away the time.
76561197995923507,Recommended,403640,28635995,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,[CB] Pitje,"25/12/2016If you've read all the other reviews, you'll see lots of complaints about poor performance. I think this is for good reason. Every now and then the game ""freezes"" for about half a second to a second, causing stutters. Also, it crashes every now and then.That said, I love it. I hope they fix the issues stated above, but it's not so bad that you can't play it. It has all the goodness from Dishonored 1, and lots of improvements over mechanics that didn't really work there."
,Recommended,403640,28632563,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Classic,"Great game, once you get it working. I did indeed have to spend a bit of time tinkering with settings (no, online guides did not help, ignore them). However; worth it!"
,Recommended,403640,28720826,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Panda In A Suit,"Very ""laggy,"" but still an amazing story."
76561198014770904,Recommended,403640,28696483,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Epzilon,"I regret never getting into the first game, and this one improve upon the model."
,Recommended,403640,28546403,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Someone,"If you put performance issues aside it is very good game. Much more mechanics compared to Dishonored 1. AI is much improved, and challenging and can see people doing plenty of replays. I definitely recommend if you are stealth fan like myself."
76561198022462545,Recommended,403640,28681196,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Fritz,"I absolutely loved the first game and was really excited when I heard that they were making a sequel. But after reading the reviews I was sceptical that it was going to run like crap. I decided to buy it on sale and just see for myself. It runs pretty great in my opinion, yes there are a few places that I drop to 30ish fps but it is nothing game breaking. The story is interesting and certanly draws you in and the game world is just beautiful.They have patched it since it came out I believe and that could be why it's running fine for me but I would definitely reccommend getting this game and giving it a try, especially if you enjoyed the first one!"
,Recommended,403640,30793304,Posted: 28 March,all,Tatsuuki,Best stealth game I've played so far!
76561198348677593,Recommended,403640,29191724,Posted: 11 January,all,Vision7210,so far story is great. few problems with frame rate and performence on ultra but with a few tweaks it should be fine. emilys powers are fun. corvos kinda not worth playing unless youve never played dishonered 1 and want to try out his powers cause story is so far the same with minor diolauge differences.
76561198003180508,Recommended,403640,28619182,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,OnEsLaPaTaTiMe,Love this game even more than the first . No performance issues either.All round great experince amazing gameplay and graphics on 4k!
,Recommended,403640,28550273,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,morgoth77,"Loved this game! Just finished it with Emily, about to play it again with Corvo. Emily is a beast! The smoke monster ability is vicious, and Domino is also a lot of fun. It's worth taking the time to explore too, not only to get all the runes/bone charms you can (and I recommend you find as many runes as possible), but also because the world looks incredible and there are so many places you can climb to or find. My default style of playing Dishonored was stealth/non-lethal, but with Emily in Dishonored 2, murder is so much fun!Far Reach is great too. Enemies can actually see you Far Reach (unlike Corvo's Blink skill), but you can also pull things towards you with Far Reach, including guards. Domino a bunch of guards, Far Reach one of them to your sword, they all fall down dead. Even throwing a body from the roof into a pile of guards and watching them freak out is pretty hilarious.Story-wise, just as good as the first game. Level-wise, the Dunwall parts are just as you remember (kinda...no spoilers here). Karnaca has loads of fun areas. Both cities look stunning. The sound track is really good too. Gameplay, I think it's actually an improvement on the first game. Things like sword fighting are so much easier now, thanks to the improved parry system. You can actually take on several guards at a time and stand a good chance of winning (especially if you domino them first hehe). Clockwork guards are a different story though - I tried to evade them at all costs, and the odd time I did fight them it was never more than 1 at a time.I've not played as Corvo yet, but Emily's abilities are awesome, loads of fun, and there's no way in hell you can max out all her skills in a single playthrough. That, combined with being able to use a different character that has different skills, and just the overall fun value of this game, means it has plenty of replayability.I know a lot of people have experienced performance issues with this game - which sucks, because this is a game that NEEDS to be played. I'm curious as to whether that's still the case though, now that we've had a few post-release patches. The game ran like a dream for me - the only complaint I had was default mouse sensitivity being horrific, but that's no complaint at all since it's adjustable in the game settings anyway. I'd hate to see the current ""mixed"" rating trick anyone into not trying a truly brillaint game. Honestly, look up how it runs for others with similar hardware, following patching, before you make your mind up about buying this game."
,Recommended,403640,28563555,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Fire From Moonlight,"Outstanding game, for two reasons:1 - Some of the most beautiful, detailed scenery I've seen in any game, in terms of beauty, creativity, and quality. I'd encourage you not to view too many screenshots or videos before playing - they're equivalent of aesthetic spoilers.2 - As advertised, there are many ways to approach your objectives, in the vein of Deus Ex, System Shock 2 etc. It's hard to find modern games that do this, and so well. On par with the best-in-class in this area.Downsides are a somewhat unremarkable plot and dialog; nothing too bad, and average as far as games go. Don't expect something out of literature or a well-crafted film.Regarding performance: I started playing after the early performance patches. I'm running a somewhat dated setup: 2 GTX-680s in SLI, at 2560x1600 (4-years old at this point). I get between 40 and 60 FPS at near-max settings; this is in-line with other modern games."
76561197970891952,Recommended,403640,28653964,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Icecreamfulla,I do not agree with the review of this game. When I played it the game ran fine. I have only been playing it for an hour but the game seems really fun and I cant wait to play it some more.
,Recommended,403640,32720758,Posted: 24 June,all,no homo :** (moist),"UPDATE: i changed Adaptive Resolution Quality in Advanced Settings to Allways and got better fps lolcons: heavy fps lag issues... even on worst graphics.. alot of people complain about this.pros: nice game actually, found an interest in itdon't buy this game unless you have a $20k rig or something like that"
76561198032045207,Recommended,403640,26527891,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Cementhead1,"Disapointment Sim 2016.I was so ready to love this game, but it runs so awful on my machine (x2 970s) that there's just no way I can recomend. I LOVE Dishonored, but the only way to get it to run smooth is to put it on very low graphics settings at which point it looks considerably worse than its five year old predecessor. I'll try to find settings that work. I'm dissapointed beyond words that they put looking good over playing well. Its ridicoulous that I'd be better off with a stupid console. Thumbs down until you fix your game.EDIT---After they released they released the free trial, I decided to give it another go, and it seems that all of the problems that wracked the game at release have been taken care of. It plays like butter on my machine (the same x2 970s) and it is exactly what i wanted in a sequel. The only reason I'm leaving the original review is so that people will realize how much good optimization matters."
76561198115328570,Not Recommended,403640,32752206,Posted: 24 June,all,Mew28,"Dishonored 2 kept alot of the core parts of the first game well losing out on alot of the stuff that made the world come alive. Also the balanced is ♥♥♥♥ed.ProsSoild core game mechanics.The core gamemechanics are still great moving from place to place feels great and the stleath mechainc is still fair but challenging.Varied foesJust like the first game we have a wide varite of people to fight each with their own combat technices and weaknesses.Beautiful mapsThe world looks amazing pretty self expanitory however the clockwork manshion in particuler struck out to me with it's changing layouts and fancy steampunk theme.ConsSide charicters are boringNo one seems to have anything unqiue and most seems just kinda genrally boring other then the people brought over from the first game.Poor BalancingBlink has bein buffed to the point where it lets you bully your way though pretty much any combat in the game without taking any damge once you get the first reflex upgrade to block bullets.Poor OptimizationI will neaver brag about my PC being good, infact it is pretty bad however I don't ask for alot just a stedy 25+ FPS on the lowest settings. I got this out of doom no problem and the witcher and quite drankly dishonored dose not look as good as eather of those so I fail to see why it is lagging so hard behind at 19 PFS or less.I mean it is not a bad game but the first seemed better in so many ways to be honist I think I would have bein happyer with just more DLC for the first."
,Recommended,403640,32795478,Posted: 25 June,all,sleepy,i liked it. except that part where i had 20 fps in the cities. that sucked. played through it twice with clean hands and no detects
76561198071916413,Recommended,403640,32754607,Posted: 24 June,all,Bad2Bone,"First off the graphics are just ok even at high settings , but story line and combat are great. I am really liking the story line , feel very immersed in the game and that is what I look for most of all. If a game keeps me interested or not and this does that for sure."
,Recommended,403640,32744133,Posted: 24 June,all,sevenbillionscars,10/10Sad rat dad
76561198214848400,Recommended,403640,32799660,Posted: 25 June,all,Djibouti Viking,"If you liked the first Dishonored, then you will enjoy this one. It's much of the same with some improvements here and there. I played as a murderous ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ the entire time and loved it.Pros- Stylized graphics, voice acting, simple yet engaging story.Cons- Still feels poorly optimized, can finish in less than twelve hours.This is definitely worth a playthrough or two if you can get it for a decent price."
,Recommended,403640,32719760,Posted: 24 June,all,Jewk,gucc
,Recommended,403640,26552114,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,BluLaw,can't even start the game. keeps crashing after loading for like 3 seconds :(edit: got a new laptop. works beautifullly.
76561198025391979,Recommended,403640,32707059,Posted: 23 June,all,I AM NOT A MORON!!!!,"The first time I played this game was in December 2016, the frame rate was terrible and I was not happy with the performance so I returned it.  I decided to give it time so it can become playable.In June 22nd, 2017 I bought this game again and damn it is fun with smooth frame rate and gameplay experience.  Definently should buy this game now.Just to let you guys know that I bought the game after I upgraded my ram and cpu fan."
76561197970286133,Recommended,403640,32755801,Posted: 24 June,all,drlovedrake,"When I finished playing the original Dishonored, all I wanted was a continuation of the same game, and that's exactly what Dishonored 2 is. It's more of the same great gameplay mechanics, more of the somber mood and feel that made the original so great, and more of the same story. I've also really liked some of the new mechanics introduced in the game. In particular, the inventor's mansion level is stunning. Just walking around that level and manipulating it is art.Overall, I think if you liked the original Dishonored, there's a really good chance you'll like this game as well. Arkane did a good job of bringing all the good aspects of the original into the sequel.Oh, and finally, this game runs just fine on my computer which isn't even the newest stats anymore. No lag, no stutters. It has crashed twice in 30 hours of gameplay, but that's the worst that I've experienced.My stats:i7-4790K32Gb RamGTX970Win 10 x64"
76561197999454032,Recommended,403640,32792358,Posted: 25 June,all,Mynthius,"I was initially concerned about the negative reviews regarding the performances issues, but I decided to give it a go after testing it out on the free demo.I can now say that this game is one of the best game purchase I've made this year- it is shaping out to be, dare I say, better than the original dishonored and I have yet encountered any bugs 10 hours in!"
,Recommended,403640,32847812,Posted: 27 June,all,rendum,"One of the best singleplayer games, well worth the money."
,Recommended,403640,32857255,Posted: 27 June,all,stupid_angry_russian,I like it.Surprisingly this game runs on my 10 years old PC with low graphic settings without any problems.
,Recommended,403640,32839105,Posted: 26 June,all,Onarram,Runs like crap but I loved the first game.
76561198065029472,Recommended,403640,32854735,Posted: 27 June,all,Stealth,Its a fun game.Many different ways to play.Would recomend.8/10
76561198054476291,Recommended,403640,32895005,Posted: 27 June,all,Mr Skeltal,"I'm writing this for steam stickers, but I still love this game, best thing out of 2016's lineup in my option."
76561198070537513,Recommended,403640,32884469,Posted: 27 June,all,tothewastelands,"It would seem that making a Grate game follow up to Dishonoerd and then downgrading it ,is lame.... Steam needs to step up and do right by those willing to pay for the game. we don't need to waste cpu on usless background programs the have nothing to do with this Game ,I as others want it fixed as it is a grate game, I picked this up and will wait for it to be fixed,This is so stupid and makes the people selling it look like 2 year olds who lost there way.I would Recamend it when it is on sale as they are giving it away as I write this so for $20.00 it is a get it and fight to have it fixed."
,Recommended,403640,32890805,Posted: 27 June,all,DeuS,Seems to be as good as a first game. Sadly sometimes has some fps drops
76561198079501834,Recommended,403640,32893306,Posted: 27 June,all,Moi,<3
76561198098342233,Recommended,403640,32803392,Posted: 25 June,all,Graykat,this game is really fun i love it and it runs well with the betapatch
,Recommended,403640,33015594,Posted: 29 June,all,Luhaan,"Just as I expected, this games story grabbed a hold of me like few games do, just like the first Dishonored. I didn't have to deal with the bad PC release, so that helps the game. I only had a few small glitches, which I fixed by quitting and restarting the game. Great job Arkane Studios!"
76561197970695603,Recommended,403640,33021497,Posted: 29 June,all,gotoman,"Got this game a few day ago.  I played Dishonored and loved it  Now I had seen a log of reviews bashing this one however I have not had any lag issues on my PC version.   I also found that having two characters you can play gives you a variety of ways to play.  I have two main characters.  1st is the girl who I play with zero kills, this takes a ton of patients as you have to figure out how to get through each level without killing or even better not being seen at all. Then there is the High Caos version or as I play it EXTREME CAOS lol.   If I am feeling patient I play the girl if I am miffed at something then I KEEL everything moving and someting I even break all the glass I can find as well lol.   I hate to see what the punishment it going to be for that character.   Probalby will be hanged or something hehe.   I also like to pit each charater against each other in the see who can find the most stuff or get the best stats.  I have way too much time on my hands I guess.  Have fun playing your style.  It for you to find your way not for me or anyone else how to tell you how to play!"
,Recommended,403640,33020421,Posted: 29 June,all,Jam Man,"Somehow better then the first game, though it runs like A** on my 7970."
76561198087770334,Recommended,403640,33077967,Posted: 1 July,all,ghgg99,I love playing through the first game i beat it on all difficuties and the short time i have had this game im already likeing it. People have complainted about it running bad but i have had no problems yet. I only have a 270x 4gb i get a nice 50-60 fps on high
,Recommended,403640,33067220,Posted: 30 June,all,Deadlyshot,"I thoroughly enjoyed the first Dishonored due to my appreciation of playing games in a stealthy manner, I even play some first person shooters this way.Dishonored 2 is an immense upgrade from the first one in the series.  The graphics improved (way more detail), the controls improved (can trigger powers and side weapons with the left trigger [I play with a controller] while still wielding the sword with the right trigger), powers and enhancements became more sophisticated (more options and more upgrade choices), NPCs became more intelligent and unforgiving, levels became less linear and included even more alternatives for movement based on approach you like to take, and there are now three gameplay slots each with their own save game slots.I would recommend a small improvement in cutscene vocals, since it was hard to hear the Outsider and Delilah at times which made the story confusing briefly.  For some reason their voices were soft and far away sounding.The Low Chaos ending was a bit confusing since there was no hint to head to the Overseers Chapel, and I regretfully had to look that up after a long confused time pondering what I had not accomplished yet.  So maybe there should be a small indication to complete that task.I know I did not get anywhere near all the bone charms during my playthrough, but I was underwhelmed at the few Low Chaos bone charms available.Far Reach would often fling me to places I did not choose such as the side of a building where I would fall down and die, I wonder if there is a better way to default the placements of this power or if that is just due to my poor aim.  But overall, the game was smooth and fresh.The ending was rewarding given all the hard work to get Clean Hands for my first run through.  I will definitely enjoy playing through High Chaos and as Corvo to compare to my first run.  I look forward to the Death of the Outsider DLC and other future additions to this series.  Thanks Arkane Studios yet again."
,Recommended,403640,33097210,Posted: 1 July,all,Giant Padre,Play it play it play it
76561198238074562,Recommended,403640,33062899,Posted: 30 June,all,IFS_Einarr,If you enjoyed Dishonored 1 you should enjoy this!
76561198147728036,Recommended,403640,33095721,Posted: 1 July,all,AngelW™,It had a rough start but after several patches and small tweaks it runs pretty smooth and is extremely enjoyable to play! Definetly recomended if you played the first dishonored or enjoy similar games.
,Recommended,403640,26513819,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Ticking,"This game was rushed because the publisher didn't give them enough time, which lead to this game's demise.Riddled with bugs and performance issues, you can see hints of a magnum opusIt's really sad how this game kinda went under everyones radar considering the first Dishonored sold so well."
,Recommended,403640,33079348,Posted: 1 July,all,Adiuvat,Pretty good story.Gameplay is improved and really fun.Graphics are really good but in some places there are FPS drops. (You will not notice it probably.)Achivements are really fun to get.
76561198032608102,Recommended,403640,33082531,Posted: 1 July,all,IcOn,"the game is awsome but when im playing as Corvo my hands (not ment to be racist) turn black,like a african american person and i want to feel like corvo and i cant"
,Recommended,403640,33085899,Posted: 1 July,all,Sulkydrag00n214,My Thoughts on this game is great it can be very challenging and tricky at times but I gotta give the thumbs up to the sword fighting.
76561198207035268,Recommended,403640,33103915,Posted: 1 July,all,yellOwMoon,I love it... I can't say anything for this game...
,Recommended,403640,33062521,Posted: 30 June,all,Shadowromeo1784,"Dishonored 2 -  My Personal ReviewShort Review -  If you like the first one you will pretty much like this one, but.. the story, character development feels less on this sequel. that's what i loved about the first one. but the Gameplay, Level Design, Exploration. did really improved impressively.. even though i'm more of a story guy. those things pretty much took it up for me and made me like this game. so yeah it is worth it. if you like stealth games.Pro's And ConsPro's:Great Gameplay - better than the first one In my opinion.Fantastic Level Design - what i liked alot on this game.Graphics Looks Great At It's Own - i'm not saying better than some games out there. what i mean is the graphics design is just right for itYou Get To Choose To Play As Emily Or Still Corvo - that is really a good thing if you ask me,Better Combat Animations - compared to first one this one did really improved on ""Animations"" too.Improved Random Encounters - like some gangbangers waiting for their victim on alleyway and more. i loved that. and that wasn't on first oneNew Game Plus - because of that just after this review i'm gonna start a new playthrough ""Emily"" this time.More Powers - compared to the first one you have more choices for your power upgradesPlay By Your Own Way - you want to kill? or you want to sneak past them and just knock people who gets in your way. run through gates, find your own way to get on your destination without being detected.. your choice.  in the end your action will effect the final story outcome of the game.Cons:Runs Like♥♥♥♥♥♥On PC But Playable - you really need a very good pc to run this. see on the first game any pc can run that game, and that is a good thing. but on this.. nope. i personally run at ""Ultra Settings 1080p"" most of the time it's on 40 FPS sometimes more than 60 but in some part of the game the FPS drops to 20. and that hurts my eyes. i had to turn my settings down when i'm on that certain part.Story, Atmosphere, Character Development - what i loved most about the first game but on this. it feels not improved and less., that's what i feel that's my suggestion.Let's Move On ConclusionDishonored 2 is a great stealth game that has an fantastic level design with improved gameplay and environment. however the story and atmosphere which makes the first game famous for. seems downgraded. i couldn't feel it. it's there but it's just not as good as what the first game did.Final Verdict For Dishonored 2 : 8/10 - One Of Great Games On 2016 But With Some Lacks..Same Rating On Dishonored 1: 8/10if you ask me which one would i choose.. i liked Dishonored 2 what a great game but i love Dishonored 1 more. because of story charcters and atmosphere.. so yeah. in my opinion the Dishonored 2 has a better gameplay more detailed levels more exploration while the Dishonored 1 has better atmosphere and better character development. better story.Thanks For Reading My Review."
76561198093085433,Recommended,403640,26561181,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,][A][ harbinger9980,"the game is like a ferrari with a toyota engine. Its nice and beautiful on the outside, but when it runs, its garbage.EDIT:  the recent patches have made the game much more playable and i can say that they have swapped out the engine for a v12 right now. runs good and is a blast to play"
,Recommended,403640,33107173,Posted: 1 July,all,Andrew └(°ᴥ°)┘,"Overall a great sequel, not at all enjoying Corvo's voice, but playing as Emily is very fun so far."
76561197997839450,Recommended,403640,33110577,Posted: 1 July,all,Kheired,"Awesome game, best heir to Thief I have ever seen."
,Recommended,403640,33247066,Posted: 4 July,all,John Phat Dick,All these people complaining about fps get a better pc i ran this game at a constant 144fps never dropping the artwork and gameplay are simply incredible and you can replay this game over and over again
76561198087187209,Recommended,403640,33255027,Posted: 4 July,all,Patriarch,Just the game made by very talented people. Just 9/10. Nuff said.
,Recommended,403640,28910625,Posted: 1 January,all,BolsonaroBot5000,"Dishonored 2...welcome to Karnaca.The first thing i need to say is that if you liked the first game of the serie you'll LOVE Dishonored 2.I beated the first one about 3 or 5 times in different ways and i'm definitely going to do it on this game too!You can play as Corvo,and Emily.Corvo has the same abilities from the first game with some modifications,and emily have a whole new skill tree.You may think that Far Reach(''Emily's Blink'') is the same thing as Corvo's Blink,but even that they got renovating!If you played you know what i mean.About the performance issues people are getting,i'm playing it just fine on high to very high graphics quality.My computer specs are: i3 4170 3,14 GhZ and a GTX 1060 GB Asus.If you liked the first game you NEED to buy the sequel.It's AWESOME!!!"
76561198068431321,Recommended,403640,28763059,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,mijxero,"I have read about the PC version running at an uplayable rate, but it runs okay for me.  Not great mind you, but ok.  I can tell there are flaws with the port because I had to turn everything down to medium to get a decent framerate 30-40.  As for the game it is like the first one with more stuff.  I mean that is all there is to say about it, if you liked the first one and want a great stealth game then get it.  If you weren't a fan of the first I wouldn't suggest this because very little has changed.  With the two-hour refund policy I'm sure if you run into issues you will notice well before that, so I'd say its worth a buy."
76561198024446235,Recommended,403640,28890773,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Abhorsen's Cat,"Story was strikingly similar to no.1 and a maintsay of books, cinema and games, I got the feeling this was made with DLC in mind...High or Low choas was as nailbiting a differential as the first one....Still enjoyed it heartily thought...bring on the DLC"
76561197970569968,Recommended,403640,28889868,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,ETN,"Just as good as the first one. Did get a technical issue at some point, game would not load. I reinstalled graphic driver and it solved the issue. Driver was not outdated, I just reinstalled it."
76561198143363251,Recommended,403640,29025308,Posted: 4 January,all,what,"i could copy and paste a review on the first game saying ""murder thousands to prove you didn't kill someone"" and it would be called a clever review"
,Recommended,403640,29026188,Posted: 4 January,all,NoMoreHeroes,"One of the most enjoyable first person stealth games I have ever played. The combat flows great and is a lot of fun. Bonecharm crafting allows you to enhance your playstyle whether you are combat or stealth focused. The powers are tons of fun to mess around with. The new-game+ is a great addition allowing you to get more powers from both characters and have your runes carry over, giving the game great replay value. If you liked Dishonored 1 then you will love this one because it takes everything that made the first game great and improves on it, with better powers, bigger maps and better mechanics. I would highly recommend this game to anyone who was interested in the old Thief game or the first person stealth genera. The only con is the performance can be poor sometimes but on a 980 it runs at a solid 60fps on high setting using vsync usually. Just remember to restart the game after changing graphics setting if you take a massive perforce hit, it can help a lot."
76561198236665062,Recommended,403640,29021516,Posted: 4 January,all,clhendrix02,love it
76561198001800678,Recommended,403640,28993503,Posted: 3 January,all,[Dewgong] Vidd,"Ran mostly fine on my machine.Mechanically, it's pretty fun. It still seems as though lethal runs offer you more options and interesting upgrades but the new bolts at least gives non-lethal players some options. I like how the chaos system allows you to kill some people without locking yourself out of the happier endings.I think I preferred the theme of the first game overall and starting a new area with a ton of guards to non-lethally disable can feel extremely tedious, but it was still a fun game."
,Recommended,403640,28780707,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,•cC• Cookie,"It's Dishonored again. If you liked Dishonored and wanted more (and the Daud DLC wasn't enough), well; here you go.If your PC can't run it right now, refund it and wait. That's what i'm doing, since my ♥♥♥♥♥♥ AMD card just doesn't want to cooperate with it (for some reason)It may be on sale now, but it'll be on a bigger sale later when either your PC has improved or a performance mod comes out."
76561198055120554,Not Recommended,403640,28780873,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Stormzo,Wasint sure if the game was fixed yet and it was on sale and i picked it up.... its still not fixed only buy if you want to get it on sale and hope they fix it soon saddly I have to give this great game a bad review
76561198124936151,Recommended,403640,28780893,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,NoirDecade_2187,"Enjoyable game, but the game still have some graphic isues."
76561198141903669,Recommended,403640,28776171,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,henry,funi wrote a troll review for the original so ill try to make this legiti havent got an hour yet but i can tell its a good gameeverything about original but betterget on sale
,Recommended,403640,28776748,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Legion,cinda wish it had co-op
76561198265098022,Recommended,403640,28778086,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,imabeast3380,"This is a great game with amazing graphics, story, atmoshpere, levels, and ways to tackle objectives by your chosing. Emily is really fun to play as with here new abilities and if you like Corvo more you get to have the old pistol from the first game with all his old abilitites too."
,Recommended,403640,28783153,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Rogue Fox,"I'll be quick and spoiler free.1. Despite having a GTX 1060, the game runs on 45 FPS average on medium and high mixed settings2. Detection may have been buffed (still not sure)3. The new powers in this game have resulted in bugs.... One such bug occurs on a regular basis. When using the first ability you recieve in the game as Emily, there will be times where you'll begin to slowly fly off in a direction that I can only assume is North on the map. This means that you'll just lose control of your character and be forced away in a direction irrelivant to where you wanted to go.Honestly there are a few more thigns but I said I'll be brief. The most important thing to know is that this game is graphically demanding as running Arma3 on the highest settings, and that the graphics seem to have been given more thought than the physics and some mechanics.Extended:- AI will still all attempt to attack you at once through eachother succesfully.- The Far Reach ability is not very useful for stealth as first impressions made me believe- The menus and interfaces are much more complex and run at a lower framerate for some reason- Ability and upgrade trees are far more comples than before, but don't allow for quick navigation of them at all.- The loading times are multiple times longer than the previous game, however the levels also appear to be much larger... Too large to be honest. This could be the cause of the poor performance of the game.Last note: This game has the same idea as the last game for playstyle. Choose your own stlye, stealth, aggressive, leathal, non-leathal. However, this game is not very well designed for stealth and non-leathal. The performance and glitches, combined with the detection system, make it next to impossible to be stealthy on anything above normal, and forget about easy interfaces, as those are replaced with information overload and graphical overhuals compared to the previous game. This game still has a great story, but be aware if its glitches and graphical demand before you buy it. I would recommend waiting for it to go on a good sale before buying this game."
,Recommended,403640,28782115,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Dillweed,"Dishonored was one of my favorite games, and this game took everything I liked about the first one and expanded on it. That's not to say it's without it's problems; I've experienced multiple severe frame drops (below 20 fps) especially during combat scenes. I can ususally resolve this by lowering overall graphics quality to medium or low (I usually run at ver high or ultra). However do to my love of this game and the superb gameplay I'm willing to turn a blind eye for now (especially with the promise of fixes coming soon). Overall I would definitely recommend this to anyone who loved the first game and is looking for more. However if perforamnce at high settings is an absolute must, I'd say hold off until the game is fixed."
,Recommended,403640,28820849,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,3334 Numjoy,"PLEASE READ WHY I RECOMMEND THIS GAMESpecs:i5-4690k @4.5Ghz16GB DDR3 RAMGtx 1070 Founders StockGame was played on a 7200 RPM HDDPlayed at 1080p Ultra settings with HBAO disabled.  No adaptive ResolutionThis game is mess on PC.  I have only played the game on the most recent patch (1.3 at the time) with the frame rates being very low for my PC.  Lowest frame rates I saw were around 30 during the start of mission 2 and through most of mission 4.  In good areas I was getting above 60fps but it wasn't a smooth framerate.  My little brother also played this game on his PC with the specs Fx-6300 @4.3Ghz R9280 stock and played the game on low/medium and said he got an average of around 60 at 900p.Looking away from how terrible this PC port this is a very good game.+You still have a ton of options for how to approach situations both lethal and non lethal.+When compared to the original game non lethal is much more interesting with many more ways to take down the enemy.+This game is quite gorgeous on Ultra settings 1080p.+Levels were very open ended and rewarded exploration+Skippable cutscenes and tutorial=Game is pretty short.  Has a lot of replayability however=Story is nothing to write home about-Lackluster (putting it nicely) PC port-Had some audio issues throughout the game where the audio would either cut out completely or it would become desynced-Had a few problems with the AI getting stuck in doors or certain events not triggering.  These events weren't gamebreaking however I did have to find a new path on how to deal with the situation.If you enjoyed the first Dishonored game and are willing to look past the issues of this port I would still wait for a good sale.  If you haven't played the first Dishonored game do that first and hope that they will have this game fixed by time you beat it.  I am giving this game a positive rating solely off the game itself, not the god awful port we were given.  I highly advice either waiting for the developers to fix this mess of a game or waiting for a really good sale."
76561198017797854,Recommended,403640,28817333,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Old Gregs Place,incredible level design...has the feel of a classic looking glass game.  highly recommended
,Recommended,403640,28841060,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Angelus,"bought in the steam sale. more of the same if you play as corvo, different powerset if you play as the empress. Still alot of fun which is what counts."
76561198169355455,Recommended,403640,28697507,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,John,"Just finished Emily run last week, no supernatural powers and no kill.No doubt, it's a excellent game I'd love to recommend to everyone, especially people who like Dishonored 1.Again, Arkane studios successfully create a vivid and impressive world, story and characteristics for players to experience.Several old friends in Dishonored 1 & DLCs appeared or mentioned in the story which makes me feel of nostalgia.Hope Arkane and Bethesda can make Dishonored 3 soon."
76561198153503873,Recommended,403640,33058664,Posted: 30 June,all,SonicWIzard,I didnt really enjoy the first dishonored when i played it. But i just beat and thouroughly enjoyed prey so i thought id give 2 a shot. Man im glad i did this game is super fun.
,Recommended,403640,33034710,Posted: 30 June,all,Casterial,Hey there Delilah whats it like there in the void?
,Recommended,403640,33037328,Posted: 30 June,all,Piggles,"Great fun, highly recommended. Couple of things I'll mention from my first play through:1. play the game how you enjoy it rather than aiming for a high / low chaos ending2. get the powers you want ASAP and go enjoy them; don't stockpile runes like I did"
76561198074049934,Recommended,403640,33003679,Posted: 29 June,all,Rohnus,"Very much like the original,  with much nicer graphics. I just finishe d arun as Corvo so the gameplay was more of the same, with some AMAZING level design (clockwork mansion and timetravel mansion really stand out). You can bypass areas with logic and cunning, or go full rampage and kill everything before you with your awesome powers.Will play as Emliy next time, she is meant to have some really intersting powers, and theres even an option early on to play the whole campaign with NO powers! So theres plenty or replayability over the course of 9 (very large) levels."
76561197998554341,Recommended,403640,33008690,Posted: 29 June,all,vl_killer,Exceptional game with lots of replay value. I can't recommend it enough !
76561198116812357,Recommended,403640,32992089,Posted: 29 June,all,dwctubaman,"This game is an awesome sequel to the previous game, I have had no issues related to performance that a lot of people have apparently had. If you enjoyed Dishonored you would enjoy Dishonored 2. Playing as emily you get seperate powers, which are all unique in there own seperate ways. I would suggest not doing a ghost, and nonlethal run for your first run, Im doing that and its a pain because I am not used to the maps. The characters are easy to get behind and the main protagonists are well developed especially those that appeared in the last game. I would suggest using a controller, but that is just me (i played the first one on console). but 10/10 would suggest to anyone."
76561198121942285,Recommended,403640,33050705,Posted: 30 June,all,Merlin,I don't know why so many disliked this game.
,Not Recommended,403640,32786522,Posted: 25 June,all,Bonteski,It looks like overprised DLC for dishonored
,Recommended,403640,26598699,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Akilles,"I threw a bottle of alcohol at a guard and he spontaneously burst into flame, I realized it happened cause he had a lit cigar in his mouth. Goddamn this game is beautiful, too bad it took them 6 months to make it not stutter-hell. Although fans of the first Dishonored may find the story to be pretty damn ♥♥♥♥, and VERY similar to the Knife of Dunwall DLC's"
,Recommended,403640,32581260,Posted: 19 June,all,qwertyjuice,"It pleases me to write a positive review for this game after months of waiting to play based on the performance issues. I can happily say that I run on high a stable, steady 60fps @1080p with a gtx 970 and i5 4570. There will be the occasional stutter but it is RARE.This game is fantastic, I have done 3 playthroughs of all DLC and story of Dishonored 1, and have poured many hours to it on my PC and Xbox 360, and Dishonored 2 is the superior game. I have seen that a lot of reviewers think Dishonored 1 is better, but I don't think so. There are more options to approach situations, more tools, interesting choices, etc. etc. The game is also gorgeous, the simple font change speaks to the royalty atmosphere of the game that the story is trying to bring back to the characters. However, I would wait for a sale as I am a cheapo, this game will superceed its worth at $30. I bought it full price to get Dishonored 1 on PC. I am happy with my purchase!"
,Recommended,403640,32597051,Posted: 20 June,all,a Smooth Criminal,"I loved the original Dishonored. The lore and characters were interesting, the game was fun and kept me on the edge of my seat throughout. I've played through Dishonored three times now, twice with Corvo and once with Emily, and I can say it was a thouroughly enjoyable experience....As long as you have the hardware to run it.It's a damn shame that the game shipped with such poor optimization, and it's a damn shame they haven't fixed everything yet. I was running it on my laptop-- a GTX 860M, 16 GB RAM, i7 processor-- and it stuttered something awful. Sound cut in and out.It was annoying, but not unplayable.On my desktop? Totally smooth.It's seriously a great experience if you can get around the technical bugs. The gameplay is just as fun and diverse as the original title, though the narrative might be a bit familar if you've played the entirety of DH1 and the DLC content.Kept me entertained for hours, has excellent replay value, and is definitely worth the $40 price tag. (I bought it at $60 because I wanted to get it as soon as I finished Dishonored, and I don't regret it. I really feel it was worth what I paid.)"
76561198179933509,Recommended,403640,26516389,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,GAMEPLAY 2988 4,THE DISHONRED 2 PC PORT IT'S PRETTY GOOD NOWRECOMMEND LOOKING AT THIS GAME 9/10
76561198070467484,Recommended,403640,32626163,Posted: 21 June,all,Arozco,"If you liked the first Dishonored this is more of that.  Corvos keeps the same powers he had in the first while Emily gets a whole new set of powers.  The maps are bigger and many have level-specific gimmicks which help keep things fresh.  The main story is basically a copy paste of the originals and the deep world building through optional texts makes a return as well.  It does what you would expect a sequel to do, provides more of the same with some improvements."
76561198054765397,Recommended,403640,32579828,Posted: 19 June,all,kingherold47,Good game.
,Recommended,403640,32594526,Posted: 20 June,all,Prinz Kasper,Performance still isn't perfect but it's playable.This is one of the most finely crafted stealth/action games out there and it successfully builds upon everything that the first dishonored did right.
,Recommended,403640,32594886,Posted: 20 June,all,JiberJuber,"Takes some high tier hardware to run. But if you have the tech to run it and love the previous game, then you're in for a great time!"
76561198292522157,Recommended,403640,33208377,Posted: 3 July,all,Caesar,"I would say this game is very good because the thought of how game works and other abilities are very cool, but i am so sicken by how this developer released this game in such a horrific state. It was to such a point where my game would run great in first part but further on it was hair pulling it made me think "" I should refund thgis game"" in which i did. This game is a great concept and now that it is finally optimized even better i am glad that the developers didn't leave it like the bioshock pc ports."
76561198048658364,Recommended,403640,26928417,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Alpacalypse,"Same wonderful worldbuilding as Dishonored 1, same amazing gameplay (With more non-lethal options which is a major plus) and amazing graphics to boot. Anybody who enjoys classic stealth games (First and second Thief come to mind primarily) will undoubtably enjoy the game.I had no problems running the game glitchfree, though it does have fairly intensive hardware demands. Keep that in mind if you have a potato battery PC."
,Recommended,403640,31156019,Posted: 15 April,all,Finlord,"I have 970 gtx, amd ryzen 7 1700 and 16gb ram and Dishonored 2 runs smoothly with ultra graphics. Basicly this is like dishonored 1 but with better graphics, much more detailed world and more variety between maps. I think chapters ""The Clockwork Mansion"" and ""A Crack in the Slab"" are really impressive."
,Recommended,403640,28676889,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,The Man The Legend... Alf,"A really good game but with a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of bugs and crashes, saved the game right on a crash spot so I can't even play the game until they fix it. Wait a couple of months to buy this game until most problems are patched.Edit: Most things are patched but there are still some minor bugs."
,Not Recommended,403640,29227209,Posted: 13 January,all,citizenthom47,"Originally gave the game a great review. But now it crashes every time I try to play for more than 15 minutes. That is absurd. What the heck did I pay for here, Bethesda? This is pathetic."
,Recommended,403640,26593420,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Hismooth,"[EDITED]I have changed my review due to the attention that Bethedsda has put towards fixing the game for nvidia users. While The game still has its downsides and flaws, I have been enjoying the game comparably to how I experienced Dishonored 1. The developers have put a lot of time and effort into the story, and experience, which makes up for its lacking optimization. I am starting out on a low chaos run but after that I cannot wait to tear through the game on high chaos. I have nothing but praise for the Dishonored series experience when it comes to replayability and fun, so I am looking forward to getting to experience the game in all of its glory."
76561198161691215,Recommended,403640,26607689,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,asdf,"This game is fantastic, but the experience got soured from all the waiting for the patch, now that at least a small portion of the bugs have been dealt with it has become playable, but i will never forget this arkane, i'll give you the benefit of the doubt because bethesda probably forced you to release it early, so in it's current state i highly recommend this game for fantastic replayability, intricate level designs, new concepts every level and very satisfying stealth mechanics (at least for high chaos ghost IMO)"
76561197992112751,Recommended,403640,28814992,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,GIR,"Second Edit: I down-graded to Nvidia 375.95 drivers and the game became much more playable. After finishing, I would recommend it with a large grain of salt. Also, trying to play it on an even more budget machine might not work out so well (see end).The game still has problems. I needed to play on the lowest graphics settings. Even then, once I loaded into a zone, my machine needed a little time to adjust before graphics quality would stabilize. It still looks worse than Dishonored 1 and the Dishonored 2 tutorial.I had several problems with guards not loading properly, but this could be a general bug rather than graphics issues. And there is one level that requires ""reloading"" the zone often. My machine had quite a bit of trouble with it.As many have said below, get passed the first wall of light to get a realistic idea of the graphics quality you'll have for the rest of the game. (Try to do this before you have 2 hours on the clock, in case you want to get a refund.)Edit: It's unfortuante the the tutorial (played fine) and the first level (played fine) did not adequately prepare me for what the perfomance of level two might be.I have an older mid-range PC build. Bought the game on sale for $40 and played passed the first mission. I'm not sure it is ready even with the 1.3 patch. On some ledges, the graphics become so pixelated at 40-60fps for me, that it becomes hard to play purposefully.I loved Dishonored 1 and its DLC. I was really excited at about Dishonored 2, but it still might not be ready for anything but the recommended specs and above. Don't buy if you have between the minimum and recommended specs.Core i5-3570k16 GB RAMGTX 960"
76561197960331060,Recommended,403640,26700177,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,sheepocado,"good game content, epic poor performance... please wait with the purchase until the problems are fixed !Update 23.11.2016:the betapatch fixed the problems, now you can buy the game without any doubt!"
,Recommended,403640,26522049,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Bowtie,"Fun game, not optimized. Can barely run it at 1280x720 at very low settings. My computers specs aren't god like but I can run other games fine on medium to high settings.EDIT:Patch released. Game runs much better now on my rig. Except I don't know why they changed the outsiders voice. Now it sound stupid."
,Recommended,403640,26522299,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Chibi Phoenix,"So patch 1.2 is out! Seems like the game is running smooth enough now that I can legitimatly recommend it! If they keep up this kind of improvements, then damn its gonna be super awesome! I will still add though, this is NOT how you're supposed to treat customers.. It's like buying a car with a flat tire and the seller being like: 'oh that? yea we'll fix that later' only to receive the car with the flat tire.Anyways! Keep an eye on the reviews :) But it's definitly playable now ^_^"
76561197974770053,Recommended,403640,26525245,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Big Shooter,"After a single beta patch much of my original problems with the game are gone. It now controls very well with the mouse being responsive and easy to work with. The framerate now feels like the framerate. However, the game still is very unoptimized and runs poorly on many high-end systems. I have a gtx 980 and am running on a combination of medium/high and for the most part it is smooth and enjoyable, but it could run so much better for how it looks. I'm not saying it's a bad looking game, but the anti-aliasing and some of the textures leave much to be desired. The game does looking stunning in certain areas and levels.As for the gameplay, it's obviously a very fun and robust stealth FPS like the original dishonored. Lots of upgrades, lots of baddies to kill or knock unconscious. Level design also appears to be a step up from the original. Overall, Arkane has for the time being earned my recommendation solely on the mouse fix alone. The game now handles as Dishonored should.Hopefully Arkane will continue to refine the game over the coming weeks. So far so good."
,Recommended,403640,26528664,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Reton,"[UPDATE]There is now a FAQ on bethesda's website which (sort of) helps aliveiate a few major problems. Blurryness is still rampant but at least I can play now. If you loved dishonored 1 like I did, buy this game.Don't buy this until its been patched.I dont know how I can run The Witcher 3 at Ultra settings 60 fps but this game that, at least in the first game, was pretty easy on computers, is kicking my machine's♥♥♥♥♥ I need to put it at medium for it to even look halfway decent and it is definetly not hitting 60. The textures look like♥♥♥♥♥♥and theres blurring everywhere. What is actually happening with this game."
76561197969488185,Recommended,403640,26528949,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Gweihir,"Except for the performance issues, this seems to be a great and worthy sucessor to the first part.Unfortunately, the performance issues are really, really bad. I don't know what went on here, but it looks like the PC-Port needs at least a few more months of work. I would recommend to not buy at this time and I really regret to have to recommend that.Update (Jan 1st, 2017): At least on my hardware (FX8350, 16G RAM, R9 290) the game now works fine with default settings. Sure, especially objects farther off are not as crisp as they could be, but personally, I do not mind that much. After a short while I was used to it. Controls are precise, no stuttering or the like. Changed to ""recommended"". Of course I cannot speak for other hardware."
76561198138709020,Not Recommended,403640,26529820,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,the RWBY fanatic,I really wish i could write a positive reveiw for this game because honestly it is really fun but its been a month now and it still has huge framerate issues on even low settings (and my computer can manage things like overwatch fallout4 and killing floor2 on ultra and keep a steady 60 frames) and it still runs at 15-25 fps and oftenly spikes so until they fix this i cant give this game a good review(yet)sorry=(
76561198044679343,Recommended,403640,26582317,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,SporadicSheep,"Fantastic game, such a shame that it's unplayable because it runs like absolute dogshit. I'll change the review if it gets fixed.Edit: Things are now mostly fixed, some more updates still to come."
76561198031118226,Recommended,403640,26514338,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,utheraptor,"Amazing game, even better than the first Dishonored. The world feels more alive, the faceless enemies of the throne more terrifying, and the mechanics are deeper. Hopefully a patch for the poor FPS will come out soon."
,Recommended,403640,26515441,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Assist. To The Regional Manager,Good Game
,Recommended,403640,26516809,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,ArchironDW,"Update -1: On the topic of optimization, I would reiterate what I say below. I have not had many issues on a technical side. However, I cannot speak for everyone's experience. IF you're below the recommended, I would suggest waiting a few weeks to pick it up until they iron the issues out. Hell, maybe wait even if you ARE above the recommended.Update -2 11/14/16 - I've been very patient. I paused my playthrough waiting for a stablization patch to fix the issues reported by gaming outlets. It's been nothing but radio silence from Arkane since the patch was announced. Such simple things such as graphical pre-sets not taking effect is not cool on the Devs part, and I'll be switching this review to Not Recommended until it's resolved.Update -3 11/24/16 - I've waited and I've gone back into the game. On the small test I took (strolling around the Dust district) I'm now pleasently surprised that my 980 is running the game with all settings maxed out @ 60 FPS at 1920x1080. Switching the review back to recommended. Still gotta give some♥♥♥♥♥♥to Arkane for taking as long as they did, and not having this stuff fixed before hand.== Original review w/ Updates below ==People seem to think that because it won't run on their Grand mama's toaster that the game is poorly optimized. i7 6700K, Gigabyte Windforce GTX 980 3X OC, most settings maxed out (including AA) with HBAO+ off, game has yet to dip below 70 FPS at any time. Take ""LEL BAD OPTIMIZASHUN"" complaints with a grain of salt, probably the same crowd who ruined Deus Ex: Mankind Divided's reviews. Doubly so considering the release date hasn't actually hit yet, and that the Dev's can only account for so much without testing the game in the wild. I will update this as I get further into the game.Update 1: So far, after playing for 9-10 hours as I'm writing this, my only complaint(s) are these. First is that it doesn't seem to like my particular dual monitor set up (I have my main in my GPU and my second in my Mobo because it's an an old 1400x1050 VGA monitor) but that was fixed after a restart. The second is that they didn't do a lot to the powers. They added some new ones yes, but none that I feel would benefit me except for one, otherwise I've been getting away clean with my core powers from Dishonored 1 (Blink, Dark Vision and Agility + the new one, Domino)On the technical side, I've encountered no bugs except the dual montior issue (which might be me) and that I fell through an elevator and took a small amount of damage in the Addelmire level. The sound of the game is just awesome, it feels different but the same (which works for a game set 15 years after the first) The graphics aren't the most spectacular I've ever seen, but thats because I did end up having to downgrade some stuff, even after getting out of the prologue. I'm also still playing on a 1920x1080 monitor, though, too. So far I'll say what I said when DXMD came out. If you're on the fence because of other people crying ""bad optimization"" or ""poor port"" then wait about a week or two, let Arkane do their jobs and fix what they could not account for.Update 2: So far, so frustrating. Maybe it's an issue with just Emily, but this auto-target for powers is some of the most frustrating♥♥♥♥♥♥ever. I can't count the number of times so far that I've had a clear get away from a hairy situation get screwed over because instead of blinking to the ledge that I'm aiming at, the autoaim is making me aim at the ground below me, causing me to go face first back into what I'm trying to get AWAY from. At one point, I wasn't even in a hurry, just trying to blink up to a ledge that was right in front/above me. I aimed up at the ledge (just out of Jumping distance, even with Agility) and the game kept aiming my Far Reach at the ground, and trying to jump then cast did less than nothing to help. Whats worse is that there doesn't seem to be a way to toggle this crap at the very least.I've encountered another bug since my last update.I was working towards Kirin Jindosh's mansion to rescue Sokolovand had successfully knocked out a majority of people in my way, except for this one guy with his back to me at a check point. I waited until his friend passed by hidind behind the wall, but was somehow seen through the metal wall, anyway. Okay, then. I managed to reorient myself and avoid detection at that instance, only for him to walk to my side, then clip through the door onto my head and start attacking me."
,Recommended,403640,26518800,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,.h,"After being able to tweak some of the configs, I`m playing this for a couple of hours straight. Awesome great, awesome controls, great story so far, pretty much if you enjoyed Dishonored 1, you will be pleased with this one.***Game crashed after trying to open the windows on the first room, tried every single configuration, now it crashes at the loading screen. Gaming rig is not ultra powerfull, but I got a gtx 1080 and an I7 6700k. Optimization ? I don`t know. I will not recommend this game until we get decent ports. I`ve came from PS3 to this new gaming machine, and still, would be better to stick with consoles. My bad. Will return the game if I don`t get updates on performance and geez, loading screen crashes."
76561198063910435,Recommended,403640,26519716,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,The act of glory,"After installing the beta patch, the game is now running much smoother on high setting.However, I am still experiencing wierd stutters when looking around and random framerate drops inside a building.But I have been able to fully enjoy and admire the game's world and details instead of dealing with  constant framrate drops."
,Recommended,403640,26519839,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,HarleyEos,"Besided the obvious preformance issues, it is and absolutly phenomial game, with stunning visuals and a compelling narrative"
76561198139512643,Recommended,403640,26518869,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,[RCF]MikeTheElectricFencePence,"Truly a game that almost reaches the title of ""masterpiece."" Unfortunately the characters are bland and the story is short. Gameplay is perfect though."
76561198013773899,Recommended,403640,33615832,Posted: 17 July,all,jonathanchitty,"Poorly optimised, even after the patches (July 2017). I'm running an o/c'd GTX 1080 and an o/c'd i7 4790k and using the Auto, Ultra and Very High preset I'm getting frame rate/frame pacing issues at 1080p (FPS regularly dropping to below 70fps). Finally got this working at a reasonable speed (usually locked at 144fps, with occasional drops in to the 90s and less extreme frame pacing issues) by dropping to the Medium preset, putting textures to Ultra and tweaking a few of the other settings. I would expect my GPU/CPU to run anything well over 100fps at 1080p. I believe this is using a modified version of the IDtech 5 engine (built for Rage) and it feels a bit like the level of detail and size/openness of the maps is not well suited to this engine. It feels like it could be CPU limited. Still looks good on Medium settings with Ultra textures though, and once working at a frame rate that isn't regularly breaking the immersion it's a really impressive game. Well thought out levels and a detailed game-world, with multiple ways to complete objevtives to suit a variety of play-styles. Reminds me of Deus Ex/Theif. A great game, but such a shame it's spoiled by performance issues."
,Recommended,403640,33632512,Posted: 18 July,all,Butchk1d,"Great stealth game! Just a little short on the story and content, but I still managed to play it 3 times without getting bored. Worth the buy."
76561198178153366,Recommended,403640,33624486,Posted: 18 July,all,Tendou Karen,A really fun experience. I like how there's multiple ways to approach a situation. The non-lethal options is plenty compared to the first game too.
,Recommended,403640,33604645,Posted: 17 July,all,リラエレシス,got a high chaos ending just because i killed a flower
,Recommended,403640,33232874,Posted: 4 July,all,ßeorthwulf,I tried being sneaky.I had HIGH CHAOS for every mission after the tutorial  :')11/10 (cause I can't sneak for s h i t also your mom yells at you for killing everyone)
,Recommended,403640,26524044,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,⎛⎝SaltySatan⎠⎞,"Works okay, not too well, on a NEW rig I had to buy.Not well optimized.Previous version of review:What the ♥♥♥♥ happened to delaying games because they're unfinished?!Game won't even launch for ♥♥♥♥'s sake"
76561198071892099,Recommended,403640,32282672,Posted: 8 June,all,Mecharmor,the map where you alternate between two different time frames pretty much made the game for me.
,Recommended,403640,32281869,Posted: 8 June,all,Vividence,"Dishonored has always been one of my favorite games and the second I heard Dishonored 2 was coming out I picked it up immedietly. I was not dissapointed at all. It feels exactly like the original Dishonored but with way more cool ways to play. Again like Dishonored it felt a bit short but with two different characters to play with I kept playing through. I hope some DLC comes out for this game because it needs some new content. Excellent fighting. Grade A story, and the way you can build your character is simple yet always fun. Would reccomend, IGN 10/10"
76561198048168366,Recommended,403640,26553751,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Gurev,"Great game! They managed to improve practically all aspects of the first game. The main issue is optimization, you should think twice in case you don't own a good rig."
,Recommended,403640,32303370,Posted: 9 June,all,Crazy Hamster [ru],"This game is very similar the first Dishonored game but has more mechanics, more colors and new story... So this game is as good as the first one."
76561198042796741,Recommended,403640,32378340,Posted: 12 June,all,Redeemed Punisher,Great game. Lots of fun and tons of different ways to play through.
76561198101496412,Recommended,403640,32380902,Posted: 12 June,all,D4rkhunter55,This game is pretty good.
76561198037314419,Recommended,403640,32394428,Posted: 13 June,all,abuzarhassan,"awesome environment, sound stage and graphics are good stealth is little bit difficult to execute."
76561198112100079,Recommended,403640,32375467,Posted: 12 June,all,ambion,"Good game, but if you like murdering everything and getting good endings at the same time, you're sh!t out of luck"
76561197993137176,Not Recommended,403640,26534320,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Tyrant,"6 months later, this game is still barely playable."
,Recommended,403640,26563681,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Hazuru,Embrace the C U M .
76561198045039807,Recommended,403640,32156576,Posted: 3 June,all,Manuel,8.0 / 10
76561197963648068,Recommended,403640,30584056,Posted: 17 March,all,sKorpion,"8/10 - new reviw June 2017my initial review of this game was 2/10.based mainly on extreme poor performance.lag, spikes, jitters, screan tearing,would not run well even on low settings.since then have upgraded to 1080ti.NOW the game runs much better.50-60fps 4k Utra quality... stunning!still has some performance issues...including fps spikes and occasional stutter.required borderless window to fix screen tearing.the gameplay and story are excellent.combat, skills, effects, characters... all great.a worthy successor to the original in regards to content.would be a 10/10 game if they fixed the engine... or used Unreal 4 lol"
,Recommended,403640,32200008,Posted: 5 June,all,fatsoh,"This is probably the best stealth game I've ever played as well as one of the best action games i've ever played. The abilities you are given are great fun to mess around with and there are so many times when you will just do something so badass that you wish you were recording (similar to titanfall 2).There are so many ways to play this game, especially now since you can play as Emily who imo is a pretty worthy addition to the game even though I still like playing Corvo more. Also since there is 2 characters it's almost like the game is asking for a second playthough because there are actually story changes depending on which character you choose.The only bad thing about this game, although it might just be me, is that for some reason I seem to speed run the game and ignore a lot of the cool♥♥♥♥♥♥that arkane put in the world. Even though I pretty much speed ran it, I still had fun the whole time while I was doing it.I would say that this, and Dishonored 1, are must buys if you are into stealth games. Even if you aren't into stealth games, you can still play Dishonored 2 guns blazing and swords swinging which is just as much fun.I would give this game a 9.5/10-0.5 points because the story never really picked up for me"
76561198166061732,Recommended,403640,32025344,Posted: 28 May,all,hazardshot,"This game is worth every penny. I feel bad for those who have experienced cripping graphical and technical issues for months, but i have yet to experience any. Please if you enjoy great level design with captivating gameplay, ITS FOR YOU!"
76561198089894245,Recommended,403640,31953710,Posted: 25 May,all,A_Benlolo,"Dishonored 2 is a unique experience that I will not soon forget. It took me around 30 hours to complete the story the first time (trying my best to avoid killing and being seen), and am currently working on my second playthrough. Unfortunately, when the first Dishonored game was released I wasn't into gaming, but am still aware of the story in the first game. So this review is strictly about only Dishonored 2 and not the first Dishonored. That being said here are the pros and cons...ProsYou get the choice of either being hidden or not, and whether you want to kill your enemies or simply knock the unconscious. Depending on what you choose, the end of the game will be different.The art style is nice to look at, and most of the performance issues that plagued the release have been ironed out. The game runs perfectly on Ultra setting on my PC (CPU-6700k GPU-Zotac GTX 1070).The entire story is driven by revenge, so there's a powerful desire to reach the end.The different ways of approaching each level makes the replayability phenomenonalthe Jindosh Riddle took me about an hour to solveNew Game+ allows you to start a new game without starting all over... If that makes sense.ConsIf you try to churn through this game, it can feel quite repetitive. You need to take your time and explore each level.The story feels a little cheesy once you near the end, but it generally is okay.$60 is a lot for a game that you can't play for hours on end. I was able to get it for $40 on sale, which is more fair.tl;drDefinitely a fun game with many different play styles, and the graphics are pretty fantastic. If you are able to get it on sale, and are into stealth games I would recommend Dishonored 2 without a doubt"
76561198139408649,Recommended,403640,28318678,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Ablutomaniac,"Devs ignored failing PC Port for early release.Until I can run 99% of the game at 50 fps with no lag, cannot recommend.Edit: It's been fixed. Can recommend."
,Recommended,403640,32079079,Posted: 30 May,all,mr. brightside,"My review of this game is way late, I realize, but it never dawned on me until now to do one. I thoroughly enjoyed the game as a whole. The gameplay was excellent and the story as well was good. I was surprised, to be honest. I was having trouble with how they could do a second game considering what makes Dishonored what it is. Corvo is 'dishonored' and blamed for an assassination he never committed and its a story of redemption. Doing that all over again seems a little silly. You would, at the very least, need a new antagonist with a different reason or motive for wanting the throne; not simply for political gain. Dishonored 2's antagonist is just that, in fact, she is family.Even still, the idea of Corvo once again being dishonored and dethroned and tossed into essentially the same situation seems rather redundant at this point, and it makes it all the more compelling to play as Emily: Not to mention, it makes for an interesting dynamic to see how Emily, who is raised up and trained by her father, Corvo, would handle this kind of situation and how well all that training paid off; to see what happens when Emily cannot rely on her father to help her, she must do this herself, and of course, the fact that Emily has her own set of powers also makes it compelling to play as her. Nevertheless, in spite of the redundancy, there would still be good story development having Corvo in the protagonist seat again. Along with an amplified set of powers, Corvo has to save the heiress again, and the legend lives on.The gameplay was smooth and gave me no trouble at all. The AI can be challenging on higher levels, and the gameplay, though not shunning direct combat engagement, certainly encourages tactical play. One can easily be overwhelmed by just two or three soldiers, and the clock-work soldiers were as challenging as they were fascinating to look at. The animations were very interesting to see. Much like its predecessor, this one allows multiple ways to complete objectives and of course, the option to not kill your target. Although I would love to see, not just two different options (kill or spare), but various ways to do those two options, it is nonetheless satisfying to know the choice is in our hands.My biggest complaint has to do with the story. I thought it was short, and to be honest, though there were various ways to go about missions, the game couldn't help but feel redundant. Couldn't bring myself to do more than two playthroughs, which I never even finished because I knew I had reached the end all too soon, and simply didn't want to finish it so soon. Aside from this, there is something missing in this one from the last one, and that was a personal story. Maybe it's just me, but I saw almost no character development with Emily or Corvo throughout. It made it difficult to sympathize. I really wanted to see a personal story develop that would really make me interested in helping Emily or Corvo. Other than that, I would recommend this to anyone who loves stealth, loves the original Deus Ex games, and just solid gameplay."
,Recommended,403640,32140001,Posted: 2 June,all,motts mealeys assorted fruit,dont play with a♥♥♥♥♥♥pc like mine and its good
76561198276027931,Recommended,403640,32142816,Posted: 2 June,all,GIKEMERLIN,great game
76561197970903415,Recommended,403640,32199429,Posted: 5 June,all,Sir Rise a Lot,Liked it
,Recommended,403640,26524479,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Zcallywag,It's playable now. 8/10 didn't take long enough.
76561198164393983,Not Recommended,403640,29380793,Posted: 20 January,all,Danny,"IF this is the best off all fps games, why it became 40 euros from 60 euros?....i paid for it 44 euros...yeah what can i say, good job.."
76561198001613919,Recommended,403640,32496730,Posted: 17 June,all,Oto,"Just finished it. Currently playing the 2nd time with Corvo (Using Emily before) with New+.TL;DR Review:Has lots of weapon, has lot of powers, can replay many times (with or without powers, stealth or lethal).Rewarding to find runes, bonecharms, solving puzzle. Pretty challenging, good story.Conclusion? BUY IT!Review:  love how the developers makes the safe combination random, so looking up on online guides wont help much either. I also love how the developers change the playstyle compare to the first, the first was pretty easy game to finish, you can pretty much kill everybody on the map without much difficulty, but Dishonored 2 introduce new Enemies (Witches, Kirin Jindosh Robots) that amps up the difficulty to be challenging.Really love the game to the max, was a fan from the first and all the DLCs. Wish the game will never end!"
,Recommended,403640,28301014,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Remph,10/10 would accept The Outsider's mark again
,Recommended,403640,26684904,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,PUBLIX Mint Choc Chip Ice Cream,"With their optimizations I can happily say the game is more than playable. It's a great addition to the Dishonored franchise. It does gameplay better, graphics better, but the story does feel lacking."
76561198071828888,Recommended,403640,32697181,Posted: 23 June,all,Kraft™ Mac and Cheese,"While it isn't groundbreaking, it brought the series back with a new story, updated graphics, and new features which make the game worth the asking price."
,Recommended,403640,32745527,Posted: 24 June,all,Neil Breen Is a God,I bought it after the optimization was♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,403640,32728255,Posted: 24 June,all,PhoenixOfTheWorld,It really did stick up to the first one and is one of the best games ever.
,Recommended,403640,33576298,Posted: 15 July,all,𝕯𝕰𝕺 Praise the Sun,"I think Dishonored 2 is a great game, with or without performance issues. Level design is genius! The story and the Chaos mechanic are superb! The Dishonored series not only entertained me, it made me emotionally invested."
,Recommended,403640,33572886,Posted: 15 July,all,Kenny,"I was hesitant to pick this up at launch due to the reports of technical issues, but finally decided to give it a try during the 2017 Steam Summer Sale. I cannot comment on the full extent of the issues at launch, but as it plays now, I highly recommend the game if you’re running a fairly modern PC.Using an i7 6700K and a GTX 1070 I managed to max the game at 2560x1440 (with resolution scaling enabled), with performance that was basically locked 60fps. Given the minimal amount of tweaking that was necessary to achieve this performance, I would imagine people with cards similar to the GTX 1060 / RX 480 will have no trouble running this game at 60fps using the right balance of visual settings, or by simply playing at 1080p.The game plays a lot like the original but with a drastically improved rendering engine and more sophisiticated animations. Melee combat as a result looks much sleeker and more natural, so if you’re a fan of playing the game “high chaos” style, you will quickly notice the improvements over its predecessor. The levels are generally large, complex, and with multiple ways to complete your goal. The game also has a New Game+ feature, something I have not yet tried myself.As far as I know the game does still utilize Denuvo which is a dealbreaker for some people. The only thing resembling an issue I noticed that might be Denuvo related is the length of the intial load screen before getting to the game menu. I use an SSD and it’s a pretty substantial initial load screen. Once that is done however, load times are not unreasonably long. It would be nice if Arkane decided to remove Denuvo given the fact that it was cracked months ago, but it did not prevent me from enjoying the game."
76561198010050922,Recommended,403640,33588109,Posted: 16 July,all,Nocturne Owl,"New Game Plus is definitely worth playing for.  I played first game stealth/non-lethal, now High Chaos.  The NG+ is really cool when you carry over your runes and bonecharm traits."
,Recommended,403640,33065466,Posted: 30 June,all,juck,"Unlike the first Dishonored, I definitelydo notregret waiting on playing through the second installment. The game released in an unoptimized broken state, but has received several patches concerning this issue. It ran fine for me on the 'very high' graphics preset, although some more demanding portions of the game had minor frame drops. I never had any issues with microstuttering or crashing, fortunately, and I didn't even have to mess with game files or anything, so I think it's safe to say that the PC port's stability has improved over the many updates. People are still reporting problems though, so I'dhighlyrecommend playing through the demo as that's the best means of figuring out whether or not your sytem can run this game.As for whether Dishonored 2 has a compelling story or fun gameplay: It's a considerable improvement on the first game in every way, so if you liked the first Dishonored then you'll definitely enjoy the second one. Especially if you're a nonlethal type of player, because they've added a whole lot more nonlethal gameplay options. There's also even more replayability than the first game. If you want to see all of what this game has to offer, it's gonna take you 4+ playthroughs, which should be between 12-30 hours each, to get the full experience. If you haven't played the first game yet I highly recommend doing that before buying Dishonored 2. My one little gripe though, with both games, is the quicksaving feature. It can become really tempting to exploit it, and it can kind of turn you into a perfectionist. It takes some satisfaction out of achieving difficult tasks, like perfect stealth/nonlethal runs, because the most efficient way of doing such is by experimenting and then quickloading back to a safe save. But really, it's just a minor personal problem I have with the two games and I still highly recommend both of 'em, especially when they're on sale because there's a whole lot of value here."
,Recommended,403640,33592856,Posted: 16 July,all,STABBY,"amazing story and fun gameplay, dunno what all the unstable reviews are about ran like a well oiled machine"
76561198059861937,Recommended,403640,33490208,Posted: 12 July,all,Mirus,"Dishonored 2 is brought together in such a way that if you played the first game to death (with its DLCs) or you're a first-timer (unlikely, as the first game is dirt cheap and fantastic), you learn the ropes in the first fifteen minutes.This is a game that basically grabbed Thief 4 by its neck and rubbed its claustrophobic, ramshackle face into the mud by outdoing literally everything Thief tried to do and failed.Dishonored 2 has a simple premise, built on a mechanism that allows and delivers repeated walkthroughs. Similar to the first game, the protagonist(s) have their life ruined in a palace coup and have to go on the run. In addition to Corvo Attano from the first game, you can now choose his daughter, Empress Emily Kaldwin. Their main abilities are slightly different and provide varied gameplay experiences. This alone may merit at least one extra walkthrough.On top of this. the game also features the Chaos system. Like the first game, the city we play is plagued - instead of rats, now its virulent ""bloodflies"". As these infest corpses, the more enemies kill, more widespread the bloodflies would spread across city. Such High Chaos also darkens the narrative, leading Corvo or Emily to become more cynical in character, as well as producing a more tyrannical ending.The narrative is pretty linear and follows a similar layout as the original Dishonored: get your footing after the initial rumble, gear up, work your way through your enemies and wrap it all up with a final boss fight. Also as usual, it is possible to complete the game with no bloodshed and with bosses defeated through some use of poetic justice. However, your choices -especially how you deal with the end-boss of each level- will reflect on the eventual outcome.Dishonored 2 features an outstanding world design and details in even the most tangential of locations. The city where the game is located, Karnaca, looks and feels more along the lines of Southern Europe rather than the gloomy London / Edinburgh vibe of the first game. It has its own politics, characters, choices / consequences as well as probably the most interesting / entertaining level design of all time, where you jump between two timelines at will to manipulate outcomes.Odd thing about this series is that while stealthy approaches often provide more incentive to explore zones, it's the creative and fluid combat / assassination mechanics that give most fun but then leave little else than darting around to collect charms / runes. Still, this also feeds into the replayibilty, and as such make what you will out of it.It's a bit pricey, which is a fair point. But it's a decent slow burner and allows multiple replays for different endings / playstyles. It also has a DLC on the way for 2017 Q3, though not mandatory, may still be connected narratively."
76561198155353553,Recommended,403640,33606008,Posted: 17 July,all,Baby,Very nice
,Recommended,403640,30210697,Posted: 26 February,all,Mithrandir,If you liked the original and have a good gaming rig BUY THIS GAME.
76561198000467815,Recommended,403640,30490646,Posted: 13 March,all,zike,"I love Dishonored and this sequel is EXTREMELY GOOD!Highly atmospheric, dreamy, highly detailed and well produced from start to finish. Recommended!!!"
76561197993559394,Recommended,403640,31082443,Posted: 11 April,all,Mahgane,"I'm already loving it more than the first.Thanks to the demo, I discovered it runs perfectly on my laptop on Medium, with a managable but less than ideal framrate on High. However, thanks to the more stylized visuals, Medium settings leave this game beautiful and I don't think anything higher significantly improves upon them.Medium Settings @1080p ~50-60 fpsi7-6700HQ @2.6 GHz16gig ramnVidia GeForce 950m"
,Recommended,403640,29253551,Posted: 14 January,all,Страх,"I'm a huge Dishonored fan, and so for me this game was under a lot of pressure to be good. I was surprised when it met all of my expectations, and went even further. Highly recommend it, this game is worth triple what you pay for it.Dishonored 2 is an amazing game, plain and simple. It takes everything that was good about the first game, and builds on top of it (as a proper sequel should). It improved gameplay quality and mechanics in big and little ways, adding more abilities and possibilities to the arsenal of powers (just one of many examples, you can perform a non-lethal takedown jumping from high up, leveling the playing field for lethal and non-lethal players). The story FELT like a true Dishonored sequel, will all the unique dialogue and creepy backstory that only Dishonored is known for. The graphics are absolutely GOREGEOUS. The first Dishonored was no graphical marvel, but it did use its art style to its advantage. Dishonored 2 has some very impressive graphics, while at the same time using them well and efficiently. One of the worries for the second Dishonored was that it might be short, like the first one. This was not the case. All the levels are extremely well-designed, and they are designed in such a way that you can't truly play through them without exploring everything. I think it's safe to say this campaign got a solid 20 hours on my first play through. I'm confident it will get another 100 more when I play it through using the other options (You can choose to play at Corvo or Emily, and for both you can choose to either accept or reject the powers).I was very pleased with this sequel, and I hope everyone who enjoyed the first installment will invest in this one as well.My only major criticism of the game is that the ending was rather short. Not a bad ending, to be clear, just that I felt like they could have added more detail to the resolution. But thankfully in the true Dishonored style, the outcome is different depending on how you played."
76561198247679022,Recommended,403640,29434627,Posted: 22 January,all,Kofu~,"In all honesty this game has a wonderful story, and runs fairly well at High presets. I've noticed so many reviews bashing the story and the progression, but all you have to do is pay attention, listen, and don't skip cut-scenes. It all makes sense as long as you don't blunder your way through it like a blinded bull."
76561198009093976,Recommended,403640,29464999,Posted: 24 January,all,John Wayne,"Absolutely fantastic game! Incredibly satisfying, amazing mechanics and endless possibilities enabled by superb level designs!A piece of advice if I can offer any: be sure to turn off all markers and just explore the levels and use maps!The AI was only somewhat challenging but it was still intelligent, NPCs had some dynamics to their routines/patrols and they felt very immersive. My first playthrough however was a low chaos run; I'm sure on high chaos there would be more enemies, witches, clockwork soldiers and the like roaming about, increasing difficulty. What is challenging is completing the levels undetected and mercifully.I think this goes without saying that this is a gorgeous game. The artwork, design and creativity that went into Karnaca is noteworthy. Stunning really. I appreciate the juxtaposition that is Karnaca compared to Dunwall, great contrast.Arkane has improved on what they could from what is an already fantastic game, Dishonoured. My favourites include many more non-lethal takedowns (including whilst engaged in sword fight with an enemy), expanded abilities/traits and their respective trees, and finally a more engaging story line... Dishonoured's storyline was good but I personally had trouble following the story and context of it my first playthrough. Dishonoured 2 on the other hand is much smoother (story wise) and Corvo's thoughts help put all the pieces together, as well as reading all the notes and books one can find!Lastly I had a few graphical and audio issues on release, but they were fixed about a week in and I have had no problems since. I am grateful for that.I ran the game with a combination of high and medium graphical settings, which still satisfied the eyes no doubt!I don't understand the negative reviews based on poor performance one received whilst they insist to run the game on ultra graphics with everything maxed out! Their computer can't handle it, how petty of them to blame the devs!GTX 960i5-46708GB RAM"
,Recommended,403640,29495394,Posted: 25 January,all,Rith,Dishonored 2 lives up to its namesake as a worthy succesor to one of the best Action/Stealth games ever made. There's plenty here for new fans and old assassins alike.
,Recommended,403640,29495829,Posted: 25 January,all,Marnie,I LOVE THIS GAME !!
76561198094094427,Recommended,403640,29540020,Posted: 28 January,all,GRANDMA,guys turn fps limiter to 120 and your game will be smooth
76561198117720401,Recommended,403640,31629028,Posted: 8 May,all,meanapplepie,"This sequel to Dishonored takes the original, open-ended gameplay of the first in the series, but then turns it on it's head with more options, better enemy AI, and many improvements. At the time of this review, I have already completed one playthrough and gotten the good ""low chaos"" ending and am in the midst of a second ""high chaos"" playthrough. This review will be updated if need be.Rating: An almost perfect game - Buy at full price.Pros:+ Excellent enemy AI+ 2 playable characters (Murder-dad Corvo from Dishonored 1, and his now-grown daughter Emily) with different abilities and perspectives on the world.+ Sandbox levels & missions encourage creative thinking and problem solving. They also reward exploration.+ Choices truly matter. Each life you take will affect everything from the ending to how your character interacts with the world, and how the people in that world receive your character.+ Characters you really care about, or love to hate.+ Amazing amounts of replay value with two main endings (""high chaos"" and ""low chaos"") with permutations on each to reflect the choices you've made.+ Beautiful graphics, even on ""medium"" settings.+ New Game + functionality allows you to entirely respec your powers, allowing further experimentation and replay value. It also grants access to powers used by both Emily and Corvo, allowing for some really exciting power combinations, just don't purchase Blink and Far Reach on the same file.+ Voice-acted player characters: Emily and Corvo can speak at their own whim while you play the game. This inserts more believability in many scenes, and shows how your choices in the game affect not just the world, but the viewpoint of the character you are playing as. For example, a low-chaos player will find Emily wanting to reform the government to help the common man, and railing against violence. A high chaos player will find Emily talking about imposing oppressive laws and thirsting for the blood of her enemies. It is, usually, well done and really enjoyable.+ Progressive characters featuring well written female characters (who were strangely absent from the first Dishonored), people of color (most notably, Meagan Foster), handicapped people (Meagan again), and even a small handful of gay and lesbian characters. Those characters in same sex relationships are pushed to the side and offer no real impact on the story however, and are just civilian NPCs. Progress is progress, however.+ You can rob every single store in the game.+ Sometimes, the non-lethal route to remove an enemy target from your path is more immoral than killing them. This can cause players to really think about their decisions, and continue to think about them long after the game is complete.+ You can play the game without gaining powers, if you are so inclined.+ Amazing customizable difficulty settings are avilable from the start of the game.Cons:- Voice-acted player characters: Emily and Corvos voices are over utilized, and often end up saying things that should be obvious to the player. This occasionally gets annoying. A few rare voice lines just seem badly written as well, though most are stellar.- The best way to experience the game is to get the bad ending first, as high chaos is infinitely more fun to play than the painstaking low chaos which is still fun, but requires constant quick-saving and loading and begins to feel like a chore.- Non-lethal options for your targets are too obvious, and don't require as much exploration in the environment as they did in the first game, which didn't even mention non-lethal takedowns of your targets unless you found them in the game world.- Duke Luca Abele's voice acting is truly awful. It did make it all the more satisfying to kill the man near the end of the game though. I don't believe this is any fault of the voice actor's, as he approached the role with bravado and gusto, but rather the writers who gave him clunky exposition like, ""This is much more exciting than any orgy I've ever attended!""- The game is not well optimized. Arkane released patches to fix up the majority of issues the game had on day one of the PC launch, but older machines will have a very hard time running this game. My PC is two years old but runs Doom 2016 like a champ just below the highest settings and earning 60+ FPS. This game, however, is not playable at 60 FPS on my rig unless I play on medium graphics settings, where I earn 50-60. The game still looks amazing on these settings, but it is frustrating for those who want to really crank out the graphics but can't afford a new GPU. (Please note my gaming PC includes an FX-8350 @4.2 ghz, 16 gbs RAM, and an R9 290X with 4gbs of VRAM).Standouts:There is a mission in which you hunt a man in a mansion that shifts and moves in maze-like patterns. You have to sneak about through crawl spaces between floors, and even use certain rooms as elevators, all while he entertains guests. The level really encourages non-linear thinking, and exploration to master. He also taunts you almost the entire time, making that final encounter much more sweet. I almost found myself thinking someone got their Portal in my Dishonored, but in the best way possible.There is another mission later in the game where you are given a time travel device. You must use this device to shift between the decrepit, present day trappings of a mansion, and the opulent days of its past in order to proceed. While the free shifting in time is truly fun, as certain areas are blocked of in different times, and each time period has a different suite of enemies to kill or avoid, the game also removes all of your supernatural abilities. This increases the challenge to an almost unfair level if you have been leaning on your powers for most of the game prior to this point (and, considering the improved AI, you will be leaning on those powers). However, the excellent time shifting mechanic, the regaining of your powers, and the satisfaction you gain from completing the mission are all worthwhile. By the time I finished the level I was as exhilirated as I was after beating a difficult Dark Souls boss.This game has easily moved into my list of favorite video games."
76561198301518674,Recommended,403640,31601921,Posted: 7 May,all,StrayDogue,"Amazing game.Having played the fisrt game and all the DLCs I had a pretty good idea of the story behind this game. I even felt nostalgic sometimes seeing familiar faces from the first game. First time I played through the game I played as Corvo for the sake of Dishonored 1. And I loved it. Many things improved, especially Corvo talking, made me empathize even more with him and what happens to him. Overally an amazing game, I'm a big fan of it, I would absolutely recommend playing it.Having read that people with monstrous PC rigs were unable to play this game, I was absolutely able to play it on Ultra Settings at 60 fps with Vsync enabled.My PC specs:- Intel i5 3330- 8GB DDR3 1333mHz- EVGA GTX 1060 3GB SCSo as you see, I have nothing that amazing, but keep in mind I'm writting this on May 7th 2017, so maybe since the last optimisation things have improved."
76561198126770414,Recommended,403640,31597664,Posted: 6 May,all,j3dinijapirat3,Some of the best level designs I've ever experienced in a game. I play it on a gaming laptop and it runs great. Highly reccomended!
76561197972098820,Recommended,403640,29293940,Posted: 16 January,all,Moida,"Well, they've got it working and it's fricken awesome. Great writing, engaging story, unique and awesome environment...  We need more single player games like this.  Thanks for getting it working, peeps.  :)(pre april 2017-> Can't recommend yet.  Seems like a great game with a great story and good graphics, but it keeps crashing.  I've got the latest drivers, tried rolling back, tried beta...  Just gonna put it on the shelf and try again in six months when they've got it working properly.)"
76561198088215490,Recommended,403640,31508387,Posted: 2 May,all,ElZeroG,"Played the game through few times, got most of the achievements (few left for last playthrough when I have the time for it), and can say I really enjoyed the game. I didn't notice any sort of performance problem (i5-6600k+1070), although I am on a somewhat high-end setup.I really liked the story and the gameplay (enough to have multiple playthroughs), and am hoping to see some dlc coming up at some point to continue the experience. Fighting is fun and so is stealthy approach to the levels, even if it lacks a bit of challenge sometimes (on hard/max difficulty even), and I definitely recommend trying the game out."
,Recommended,403640,31507980,Posted: 2 May,all,Ocelot,"Recommended with a grain of salt: if you didn't like dishonored one, there's not much new here that mitght change your mind. This is basically more of dishonored. Which, if you liked dishonored, is great. You get to see more of the world that made dishonored so fascinating. The guards' dialogue while you're sneaking around them is lovingly crafted and bombastically performed, making the various kill animations very satisfying, esepcially after being killed and subjected to the guards' opinions of your death.Also still here is the game's unique storytelling techniques. having you interact meaningfully with story elements, and short bits of highly meaningful dialogue. It manages to produce the feeling of a living world that you're cutting a bloody path through. This was at the core of what made dishonored great for me, and the sequel does more of that while making a few subtle iterations like the outsider powers you can get."
76561198141803646,Not Recommended,403640,26637104,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,SpookMan,good nuttt
,Recommended,403640,31551246,Posted: 4 May,all,Notseau,"I bought DH2 half off thinking of the negative reviews but once i played it...no glitches, no problems!! ran fine and flawless and like DH1 chock full of storyline (which in most games i skip lol, but not this game!) everything has been going great but for some reason i can't connect, maybe under maintenance and only tried it and it did it today. tomorrow, new day new try! great game guys and gonna have to wait on Prey because being ADHD, already tons of games im bouncing back and forth on, but this game always gets played first!"
,Recommended,403640,27919422,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Hank Hill,"I am changing my rating to positive because the game seems to be running smoother for me now. Overall I think the game is a masterpiece and probably one of my favorites. I won't get into a detailed review as the game is not fresh in my mind but I will say that it has excellent level design and the powers this time around are phenomenal. The gameplay is as good as the first one, but with the addition of som really fun powers. Dishonored and Dishonored 2 are testaments of brilliant game design. I will say, that there may be an isuse with horrible microstutter., which I disucss in the previous review below.This game has a horrible framepacing issue baked into the engine that causes a bad microstutter. Some people claim to not have the issue (or in a rare instance, fixed it for themselves), but it appears to be very common issue. This makes the game feel horrible regardless of framerate. It can be running at 80fps and be very stuttery and jerky. In my opinion, a stuttery 60 feels worse than a smooth 30, but others might disagree. It's very important to note that if you buy the game you will very likely have to deal with the microstutter issue and there is no fix. This is after the most recent New Game Plus patch. I do not recommend the game on the basis of this, because I think it doesn't meet the bare minimum requirements of a fully functional working game. I have spent dozens of hours trying to make this game to run smooth, but it is just impossible.The game itself is a masterpiece. They took Dishonored's phenomenal gameplay and polished it up, added new and interesting powers with more options, and threw it into a wonderful hall-mark of exceptional level desing. The levels in this game are just phenomenal and the polish to the gameplay is noteworthy. If this game were not a technical failure, this game would absolutely be a masterpiece worthy of the praise.  Unfortunately, I cannot give high praise to a game that doesn't even work. A smooth gaming experiences is the most BASIC requirement, in my opinion, for a game to be recommended.GTX 1070 8GB rami5 4690k @ 4.3ghz12 gb DDR3 ram @ 1866mhz"
,Recommended,403640,31640919,Posted: 8 May,all,♠ℜΘß♠๖ÿáĥèll™(H3LL),"First off I am not trying to step on anyones toes. Just know this is how my experience has been.Okay so what in the hell are you guys talking about low fps? I have no problems holding 60fps @ 1080p (Have tried this game with a 144hz pred @ 1440p and i held 90-134 fps depending on the environment. You need at least 8 gb card to play this game with highest graphics as the game auto scales the graphics to the max - between 100-200% dsr depending on your graphics card. The low frames is caused by your vram in this case it sounds like. I am running a 1080 ftw and I constantly hold 7.1-7.5 gb  (85%-95%) vram used.  anyone with a 970,980, even with a ti will have frame drop with the highest settings. Like I stated you need more vram to load the textures to hold 60 or more framesNOTE** People crashing in this game every so often.Overlays/on screen displays cause the crashing. Steam is not causeing the crashes so far. If I no life this game (3hr of straight play) I still do not crash. I have started the game played for over an hours then paused it then loaded up another game (BF1 - OVERWATCH - GTA5) and more with it running in the background. I would shut down the other games and tab back in to this one and continue. The only bug I have found is a set of windows (3 windows to be exact) that didnt have textures on the frames. However I did experience a problem in the area with the dust storms that caused type writers and cash registers with no sound, but all others had no problems.Your cpu could be causing the issue as speed step (power saving features could be the cause) could be pegging 1 -2 cores.If you are wondering what I run it is on my profile.Relevant specs that may make my experience as good as it is.CPU; I7 6800KRAM; 3200MHZ DDR4STORAGE; M.2 1TB SAMSUNG EVO 960 (my boot is a 850 evo in rapid)GPU; 1080 FTWI am not trying to brag or anything this is something that may help fill in the gaps for people with miscellaneous questions.Also I played this game for 4 hours straight with no problems last night after I put in my review."
,Recommended,403640,31713476,Posted: 12 May,all,//,"Easilly one of my favorite series ever. One of the most unique games i have ever played, and there are so many ways to play it. I reccomend taking your time of the first playthrough, and then use New Game + and learn to kill in elaborate ways. If you havent already, watch StealthGamerBR on youtube."
76561198085052336,Recommended,403640,31727043,Posted: 13 May,all,Artorias,Just as good as the first one.
76561198095891295,Recommended,403640,31723930,Posted: 13 May,all,LunarKitty,"I was in love with Dishonored, completed it many times and tried getting the toughest achievements. I bought this game just after it came out, even though most reviews said that there was a big problem with the FPS (yes, I know that was not smart on my part). I was barely able to play at 30 FPS on the lowest settings, when I could play games like The Witcher on high. I still had so much fun, but was a bit disappointed of the perfomance. Yesterday, I fired it up again, lo and behold, I could play on high! I am so happy that they continued working on the issue until it was resolved. Dishonored 2 is a gorgeous game, with interesting characters, powers, level design and enemies. I adore the fact that you can adapt your playthrough however you like, stealthy or going in guns blazing, killing everyone on your path or being merciful. Thank you so much, Bethesda and Arkane Studios, for bringing us such amazing games."
76561198260998211,Recommended,403640,31712762,Posted: 12 May,all,jtopping,"stealth and combat are very well done. with a wide variety of powers to play with. the new game + allows for the use of both characters powers, giving this game great replay value."
,Recommended,403640,28411543,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,GODSER1.COM,"Amazing stealth game, If you're not sure try the demo."
,Recommended,403640,31737089,Posted: 13 May,all,Dreveth,"What we have here, in my view, is a distinctive, cleanly-cut mineral that has been sullied by a bit of mud.Allow me to begin by stating that I consider myself somewhat a veteran of games that perform perform poorly, whether by design or due to my own circumstances. I initially spent years on computer games before upgrading to a decent machine, and during those times I was able to look past the low framerates, the stuttering, and the miserable works, in the titles I sought to enjoy.And now, having come full circle, I find thatDishonored 2is among the worst performers in my entire library ... but my old ways remain, and I can ignore the filth that is poor optimization to discover and explore what truly is a fine game in all other aspects.Gameplay-wise, this game, without a shadow of a doubt, is superior to its predecessor. Where it's not identical, it's simply better. More tools, more upgrades, more powers, more variety. You can play as either Corvo or Emily, who each have unique powers, but share a few ones as well as enhancements. What I especially appreciate are the added non-lethal manoeuvers whose absences I sorely regretted inDishonored. Sure, you could choke easily choke someone out when undetected, but in combat, you'd have to use some finite resources to reach the same result. Say you're a chronic pacifist, but you've just been spotted. To make matters worse, you're out of sleep darts! No problem in this installment. From the front, quickly knock-out an enemy while they are off-balance, or, if you're in a hurry or just feeling sporty, perform a slide for a near-instant takedown. There are a few more options available, but I, and all others who favor gameplay with even a hint of mercy, are extremely grateful for their addition. My one and only complaint about the gameplay -- and this is extremely minor -- is the fact that you can't hide your sword while your left hand weapon/power is drawn. It could be done in the first game, but not here. So, I ask any and all modders out there: Make it happen!As far as visuals go, I think the game delivers competently; they are certainly a step up from the original. Enjoy bustling environments in imperial Dunwall (briefly), tropical Serkonos, and even the expansive void. The settings as a whole feel full of life and activity, quite authentic. But these luxuries, coupled with an unmistakably bad engine, come with the price of widely disagreeable performance. Many, already, have turned their backs on this title due to the way it runs. I neither agree with nor scoff at them, but at times I can liken my perserverance to that of a determined amputee surrounded by impatient athletes. I say, grin, bear it, and try to make yourself comfortable! You may soon forget your troubles.Regarding the music and sound effects, they do quite well, I think, to reinforce the overarching atmospheres of the in-game settings, and I dare say I found them a tad more enjoyable, overall, than those of the firstDishonored. However, I may be in the minority on this front, and I concede that the game's official soundtrack is disappointing, lacking what I believe to be crucial pieces from various sections of the game.Lastly, I'll cover the story, revealing this much: It's nothing impressive on the whole, but some parts certainly stand out more than others. The beginning sequences were very obviously rushed, and the overall plot seems rather tenuous, as though the storywriters were straining to recreate the conflicts of the original game. I was not crazy about the story of the previous game either, but my personal philosophy is not to worry about plot in a game like this. Focus on the action, the processes, and there is a good chance you will find yourself deeply immersed in the world ofDishonored.This is my first review in a good long while, and although it may not have addressed all that there is to be experienced inDishonored 2, it is my hope that it may tackle the concerns of prospective players and spur at least some to give this greatly exciting and pleasant game a chance, performance be damned."
,Recommended,403640,26743002,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Bumblesnuff Crimpysnitch,"Dishonored 2: The game that gives Arkham Knight a run for it's money.Do not get me wrong, I am loving this game, I love ths story, the gameplay, the voice acting (Emily is a delight!) I've clocked a fair amount of hours now. it is a good game in that respect.However, as with many others, I am PLAGUED with different problems, errors, issues that right now are requiring 6.5gb patches a piece. That isn't right.So for that reason, right now. I cannot recommend this game, for the love of God, wait till they fix everything. Your wallet and your head will thank you.EDIT:- I have recently jumped back onto this game after they applied the patches. My lord, what a difference. It runs like a beauty, the way it should have from the beginnning. It's an amazing sight to behold. Instead of looking like I'm on dial up connection just because I decided to run somewhere, I now transition from place to place, from rooftop to rooftop. Get this game, you won't regret it now unlike when it was first released.Kudos to the developers fixing this. They could have left it, but they saw sense.(Still shouldn't have let it happen.)"
76561198144544169,Recommended,403640,31686598,Posted: 11 May,all,CuteLittleKiffen,"A beautifully crafted game, incredibly deep with outstanding level design and an amazing feel. It can be very difficult, but it is well worth it."
76561198272828670,Recommended,403640,31186094,Posted: 16 April,all,Sicarius,"Dont buy this game yetI have waited several months for this game to be fixed before i buy itSo, now that i have finally bought it on a sale (was still sceptical) im very disappointedthe game runs okay in small areas but when it comes to large ones with a lot going on its running at around 30 fps with a lot of stutteringIm really hope this will be patched in the future even if the graphics will be decreased as im preferring a stable framerate over graphical qualitiyI enjoyed what i saw so far which is making this situation even worse for me as a customerSpecs:Intel I7 6700K @4.00 GHZNvidia GTX 78016 gb DDR4 RAMEDIT: Used Rivatuner to limit fps to 50, game runs smooth now"
76561198060683606,Recommended,403640,31735097,Posted: 13 May,all,Nelly-S,A brilliant all round stealth game and a solid entry to the series that manages to remain faithfull to the original game and innovate by using 2 different characters. I have just finished the game clean hands without being spotted which is a frustrating but fun challenge to undertake if you like to be challenged and if not the more casual modes are great as well. However I have experienced minor technical issues and I would not recommend getting this game if you havent played Dishonored 1 and both its dlc as you will not get the full enjoyment out of the story.Overall a great stealth game and a solid entry to the series that left me hoping for DLC or dishonored 3.
,Recommended,403640,30979552,Posted: 6 April,all,MrPerson,"Foolproof guide to buying Dishonored 2Step 1: Try the demo to see if it works on your PCStep 2: If it doesn't work, don't buy itStep 3: ???Step 4: Profit"
,Recommended,403640,31992785,Posted: 27 May,all,Civil Protection,Best game since Half-Life 2!
,Recommended,403640,31966742,Posted: 25 May,all,GhostlyNinjaDude,Dishonored 2 (in my opinion) has a much more detailed and racher story then the first Dishonored. I would 100% recommend this game if you've played the first Dishonored.
,Recommended,403640,32027400,Posted: 28 May,all,Crosmankid,This is a great game. There are many more non-lethal options compared to the last game and it field much more open than the last game. The guards are much more observant and hard to escape from.
76561198343421646,Recommended,403640,32198169,Posted: 5 June,all,ZarkZirwin,I really like this game and they stay on the original with brand new skills in the game.
76561197968197533,Recommended,403640,26517596,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,TheHope4Mankind,"-- Played On --Windows 8.1, i5-4460 @ 3.20 GHz, 8 GB RAM, Nvidia 1060 graphics, Ssddrive, Keyboard and Mouse.-- Graphics --The world looks amazing with it's own style. Texture and fps quality is another ballgame. This graphic don't justified the fps drops on medium settings.-- Sound --Quality of the sound is good but sometimes it gets muted by moving just one inch insteadof fade slowly as it should.-- Controls --I just tried mouse & keyboard and it played nice. I had bugs with the keyboard beingunresponsive when there was a lot of action. Tried with another keyboard that wasn'twireless and the issues vanished.-- Combat --All the creative way to play makes it really fun. Combat is top notch.-- Story --Story is what cannot follow Dishonored 1 into game of the year. While the stealthinessand killing in this very open sandbox is a lot of fun it feels more flat when it comes tothe story. In Dishonored 1 I got more connected to my allies and I felt it more when they became disappointed in me. When you played mass murder you could sense the world becoming darker and darker slowly. At the end you got a very bad feeling in your gut when the world changed and people talking to you differently.In Dishonored 2 I didn't feel♥♥♥♥♥♥ I just jumped threw the missions without a care in the world. I didn't notice a real change in the game world. Of course there was subtle differences but for some reasons they didn't make an impression. The only difference I notice was another narrative in the end with the vignettes.Also in Dishonored 1 I cared about the good people on my team living ""The Hound Pits Pub""I got a good connection to them and I wanted to make them pleased with me.My daughter got kidnapped as a little living girl so I felt the urge to save her asfast as possible.In Dishonored 2 living on that boat with a woman that felt like she was goingto kill herself any day and her story was already over, I didn't feel♥♥♥♥♥♥for her. My allied was turned into a stone so that didn't seem to be in a hurry.-- Verdict --It's a fun game with this open sandbox but it lacks the emotions in the story to be remembered.7/10"
,Recommended,403640,28722093,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Caillou,Great storyline and gameplay.. objectives are flexible and the side missions are really fun to do.
76561198187617322,Recommended,403640,28718221,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,mincey.g,"I, personally, think this game is fantastic so far. I've only gotten to the second mission so that might change, but currently the game takes everthing that was so brilliant about the first game and brought it over to the second one. Combining that with some amazing graphics and great gameplay, I would recommond this game."
76561198045862505,Recommended,403640,28733159,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,MBeeni,"i5-6500 + GTX 1070 + 16GB DDR4Waited for the winter sale on this game due to all the talk of it having a horrendous launch. Playing at 1920x1080 with the Very High Preset, Shadows at High, HBAO+ Enabled and 95FOV. The game stayed at 60FPS for the most part, dipping when there was a lot happening on-screen but usually never going lower than the mid 50s, rarely entering the high 40s. There are occasional stutters here and there due to frame-pacing issues but they weren't common. Tbh it should be performing better but imo there is very little fidelity increase from Very High -> Ultra so I was fine with the performance.Gameplay is fantastic and the devs did exactly what a sequel should: Expand and improve upon what the original did well and fix what it didn't. You can play as Corvo if you want to use all the powers from the original game, or if you want a completely fresh experience you can play as Emily instead. And once you've finished you can play NG+ and mix both characters' powers together. Story is imo worse than the original, but not by much. The best improvement imo ios the ending system (no spilers ahead). In the original it was very black and white: If you killed too many people, even just one, you get the high chaos ending, i.e. the bad ending. Keep below the magic number and you get the low chaos/good ending. In Dishonored 2 it's not as simple. The ending shows you what happened to Karnaca and Dunwall, as well as certain characters, and there are multiple variations for what can happen to each place, detirmined by chaos as well as who you allied with and chocies you made. The ending is a lot more dynamic in this respect to be more tailored to how you play.If you liked the original then you'll definitely love this sequel. Although if your rig does not meet recommended specs you may want to hold out on more optimization patches. It's definitely better than release, but still room for improvement."
,Recommended,403640,28957101,Posted: 2 January,all,Ordoo,"Marred by technical issues for some people, but a very fun game regardless (also I've had none of these issues, so I'm not really sure what's causing this for people)Feels like it improved mechnically on what Dishonored had wrong with it. Really enjoying myself so far."
76561198060454891,Recommended,403640,28924655,Posted: 1 January,all,briddle24,"Now that patches have fixed most of the frame rate issues, this game is a sequel that does the first one justice."
76561198075165346,Recommended,403640,28951983,Posted: 2 January,all,AnythingJustNo51,"I have sunken 31 hours into this game and was lucky enough for it not to be spoiled by any bugs. some of the pros of Dishonored 2 are:1. Its non lethal, stealth gameplay for its length and satisfaction when you complete a whole mission with zero kills and/or detections.2.Emily's new powers because they can all be used for a bigger variety of situations than corvo's.3.Large missions with lots to collect, this increases replayability.4.Books all the books.The cons that i found are:1. Terrible voice acting, it sounded like they weren't even trying to make it sound like a real conversation, uninteresting characters besides the ones in the tons and tons of books within the game.2.playing as corvo although being nostalgic feels like a full copy and paste of Dishonoured one, I would have kept him as a reason besides the throne for emily to retake her role as empress.3.lethal chaos playthrough is too easy, a stealth  game should punish you for playing it like a maniac there should be more of a reason to not get caught besides a tick box at the end of the mission.4.SPOILERS WARNING GIVING YOU A CHANCE TO STOP READING DONT SAY I DIDNT WARN YOU...it seem a bit too much like a happy ending either way you go as Emily it would have been more character building if she had to live with the perminent loss of her farther, i like corvos character but i dont think that one character should override the story.OVERVIEW:i still recommend the game because im still enjoying it now, its good points are enough to keep me playing, but i made this review to share what i think the game did good and bad and what future games like it can work on."
,Recommended,403640,28952021,Posted: 2 January,all,The Unholy Waffle,Exterminator simulator 2k16
,Recommended,403640,29043271,Posted: 5 January,all,C:aptain,I recommend this game
,Recommended,403640,29049911,Posted: 5 January,all,Darkenshade,"Loved every single minute of it.  The first game was easily one of my favorite games of that year and rank highly on my best games of all time.  Since I tend to plod around seaching for all the goodies it took me 25-26 hours to beat this the first time on hard.  I feel the ending is a tiny bit rushed ( I may have just wanted more than what I got)The storyline of this game isnt quite as tight as the first game but it also might be because I played as Corvo the first play through.  I Think the game was meant to be played as Emily but can only guess as I have not gone beyond the first mission with her.Only 1 crash to desktop in all my time played (27 hours at this point) and thats only after playing it for about 8 hours straight. If you like games like Thief, Deus Ex, etc..  Then you will most likely enjoy this game.First game not necessary to enjoy this one, but highly recommended.Solid 8 / 10"
76561197976863124,Recommended,403640,29050082,Posted: 5 January,all,Rankle Biscuit,"Great graphics, extremely detailed world and fun fight sequences. I just wish they did a little less hand holding when it comes to secrets. It felt like few of the runes/safes etc were more than 10 steps away from thier solution. I found that in many cases my journal had loaded up with solutions to puzzles that I hadn't even found yet"
76561198064223714,Recommended,403640,29083974,Posted: 7 January,all,Alas Away,"Just wanted to say the thing works now. So yeah, it's fixed."
76561198086093156,Recommended,403640,29051245,Posted: 5 January,all,Meeky,when will it release DLC? I'm really looking forward of it.
76561198166642707,Recommended,403640,29051466,Posted: 5 January,all,HappyRogue,"This game is just amazing!!The Clockwork mansion(Mission 4) and The Crack in the Slab(Mission 7) are the best missions that I've ever played in my life. I don't see any bugs in the game, don't know why people complained about it. As far as I am concerned, this game is worth every penny I used to buy it. The other missions are also very good. The only thing that I felt bad about this game is, it ended in just 10 missions. Not sure if I didn't see the time passing by when I was playing this game, But it felt so short for me. Hope they make the next game even bigger(If any comes). But overall, this game is just beautiful."
,Recommended,403640,29122878,Posted: 8 January,all,Admiral Dangerfeld,Didn't have any of the problems people are complaining about. Love the game! Can't wait for some DLC!!!
76561198007867985,Recommended,403640,29148819,Posted: 9 January,all,Lyben47,"Really fun, if you can  run it. It ran OK for me on a 970 + 4790k, not perfect. Gameplay is fantastic, though. I'd suggest picking it up, seeing if it runs (you should know when you get to the docks) and refunding it if it doesn't. The game itself is amazing; I'm holding out for another patch before I do my second playthrough (hopefully one that makes it as buttery as dishonored 1 was)."
,Recommended,403640,28910583,Posted: 1 January,all,Poisoned Potato,"The amount of goosebumps and ""OMG DAMN THATS GOOD"" made me order 3 burgers after finishing the game"
,Recommended,403640,26608617,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Munchkinpuncher,"Like almost everyone else performance is pretty choppy with low framerates.  The actual game is really pretty awesome, with an engaging plot and interesting people and locations.  Im hoping this patch comes soon and corrects the framerate, which seems to be the main issue.My system: 2x GTX 1070, 6700k, 32GB RAM.  Im lucky if I get 40 FPS which sucks on a 144hz display.Update: Patch 1.2 has brought the performance up some.  However the FPS spikes are still present, not nearly as bad though.  Frames are between 48 and 144.  The game is fantastic and if your a fan of the first game I highly recommend."
,Recommended,403640,26534640,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Back,"Since the update the game is running better! Far from perfect, but at least it's playable!Edit----------Really, really bad performance as of now, the mouse input is really laggy and actually hurts my hand because It's so unresponsive. Yes, the hand I use a lot.."
,Recommended,403640,26537063,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Zukku,"EDIT: Most of the bugs, glitches and graphical issues have been fixed. Therefore you can disregard that in this review.7/10 - Good game, worth the buy.Let me start this off by saying that I love this game. I was maybe the biggest fan of the first game, and have always recommended that game to everyone i know. This one is great too, but has some faults here and there. Personally i dislike the Corvo voice, i kinda liked that he was silent. That meant that he was thinking whatever i was thinking, therefore making it easier to get into him and his motivations. Now i think him kind of weak really.My biggest grief, like so many, is the graphics. This cannot be right. I have an i5 4690 and a GTX 970 OC'ed. I cannot run this at medium settings, with everything turned off with a decent FPS. I have been mostly ok with a 50-60 fps with standard resolution scaling at 75, until the Dust District. Here everything goes nuts. Resolution scaling at minimum and everything low - if i look to the sky or up at buildings, i have 10 fps.I mean - what is going on. I can run The Witcher 3 at 1440p with medium-high no problems. This i cant even run at low??I can forgive the funny glitches and the bugs, like Corvo not showing up in the tutorial, or the witch that blinks from one point to another again and again, untill killed. But I cannot recommend this game until that is optimized. I fear that people will stay away from this otherwise great game. Please fix this soon. I will change this review when that time comes."
,Recommended,403640,26540007,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,SnowConure,"I want to say that this is the best game ever made, But unfortunately I can not. Since the reveal at E3 ive been hyping this game to come out. but besides the ""dishonored style"" and story its not really that good. the controlls plays badly and the frame rate is at 30 fps. I love this francise and if/when an updae come out to fix this problem ill be rotate that thumb 180 degrees. Dont make me disappointed in you Arkane._________________________________________________________________________________NOW! when my computer can run this game its a really good game! the story and play style. i have to say that the graphics is still not that good. at least not what i thought it whould be. but if you like the first game you'll love this one. (if you can run it).ps. I love all the small easter eggs from the frst game."
76561198074994083,Recommended,403640,26540213,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Loncin,"Don't write reviews, and I hate to add to the negativity surronding this game, but in its current state it is unplayable, even on gtx 1060.Update: changed my review to positive. They have been really forthcoming with fixing the game, and quick patch releases are impressive, seeing as how most studios wouldnt/ take a long time to fix anything at all. Great improvements, for anyone witing off buying it, now would be a good time:)"
,Not Recommended,403640,26544108,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Gaming4Fun,The Game is very nice!Positive: -Nice gameplay-good voice acting-cool story-good graphixNegative: Low FPS and much FPS Drops! pls Fix that and the game is nearly perfectOver all: -at the moment: 65%good-with stable fps: 95% good
76561198073609830,Recommended,403640,26740572,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Tedhascoldpants,"My computer is no toaster, I'm getting 15fps on Very Low settings. 15 fps AT MAX. Do NOT buy this game until they decide to fix this garbage.EDIT: They fixed it :D"
,Recommended,403640,26519902,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Bansic,"This game takes everything Dishonored did well, polishes it a little, then expands on it a bit more.What made the original so great was the freedom to proceed with a mission however you want with what is given to you in that area, be it an npc that can help with a nonlethal takedown or opening up a completely different route to your objective, or the vast range of tools at your disposal. Dishonored 2 nails this without flaw.The story, while not as interesting or involving as the previous installment, is still very good and features a few neat plot twists that I wasn't expecting, but after my 2nd playthrough I'm kicking myself for not figuring it out. They don't pull any sudden twists out of their arses, and that's great.9/10 Orgies."
,Not Recommended,403640,26522781,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Mrokaktus,"-Preorder-Nov, download-play-Lag!!-try again in a day...LAG-one month later...Crash and lag-one week later.....Lag-two weeks later....Crash after loading in that took 2 min-take two.....Crash-Give up on life-go and play dishonored 1"
,Recommended,403640,26536309,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Mefix,GOTY 2016
76561198176843807,Recommended,403640,31187195,Posted: 16 April,all,Princess Luna,"After playing through the the Story i can say this is a worthy second part to the first game.It improved on most flaws the 1st game had.Whilst it still had a few flaws, like after loading a quicksave the enemy sometimes suddenly started investigation your position.But I still recommend it hardly for every fan of the first part or steampunk fan or fan of stealth-games."
,Recommended,403640,31138253,Posted: 14 April,all,Jackal,"Some framerate and optimization issues on the PC version I haven't experienced on the console version, but gameplay is solid and just as enjoyable as the first game and its DLC. Story is a little rough (stretched thin between two playable protagonists rather than focusing on one character to flesh out and let the player immerse themselves in), but Karnaca is beautiful and eerie and absolutely fun to explore. The larger maps are rewarding - with lots of lore tucked away in notes and books and plenty of loot if you're a fan of lining your pockets with everything that isn't nailed down. Emily's powers are a fun challenge to navigate and the inclusion of an actual no powers mode with its own effects on the world is a bonus.If you're a fan of the first game and your PC can handle it, definitely grab it while it's on sale. It's definitely worth it. If you're not keen on the first game or can't really see yourself enjoying a different setting in the universe, you might want to pass it up (tho I at least suggest trying the demo since it lets you try the first few levels).Looking forward to future content for this game. <3"
,Recommended,403640,29051254,Posted: 5 January,all,Panzerninja,"As of Jan 18th 2017 AMD and Bethesda has releasse a patch adressing the issues with the R9 3xx cards. Game is no longer crashing to desktopGame is still crashing, after doing all the recommened suggestions by bethsda.As of Jan 9th 2017, the problem seems to be with the AMD R9 380 cards. Not sure exactly what the issue is, but it is clearly on bethesda's end, as no other game on steam have this issue for me."
76561198069794308,Recommended,403640,26514466,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,WillPurdue,"So I loved the first game, literally everything about it. And honestly I already love the story and new upgade ""tree"" to powers as well as crafting bonecharms. I had to go through some processes of using a previous driver update as well as changing some settings but I got the game to run great and I absoluetly love it."
,Recommended,403640,26514884,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Unyieldingsoul,33%off?Thank you bethesda!I won`t purchase any Bethesda`s game in advance from now on.
,Recommended,403640,26520768,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,ButterMilk116,"BETA PATCH 1.3 REVIEW:Now that they've patched it, I love this game. With a moderate OC on my GPU and adjustive resolution set to manual at 60, I can get a solid 50fps on ultra settings. There's so much more to the gameplay than there was in Dishonored 1, but it's in the same taste so it just feels right. At first I was kind of overwhelmed by how much larger the maps are and how many runes and bonecharms are to get an how much smarter the enemies are, but now that I've played more I really like it.TL;DR: If you liked the first one, buy this one.ORIGINAL PRE-BETA PATCH REVIEW:I never buy games at full price (and never review games either), but I loved the first Dishonored so much I pre-ordered Dishonored 2. I was pumped to play it at midnight 11/10 when it became available a day early for pre-orders.  There are many neat changes about the game, but I cannot truly enjoy it because even on Very Low settings my mid-level gaming rig can barely reach 30 fps (if that) in normal gameplay and in combat even less. The graphics are far better than the first one, but not enough to where this should be happening. If I can run all my other games (such as Battlefield 4, Crysis 2, etc.) maxed out at 60+ fps, then I should be able to run this well. I will be playing through the first Dishonored (for my fourth time) until they (hopefully) release an update to fix this horribly unoptimized game/game engine.Rig:Intel Xeon X3470 4 core/8 thread 2.9GHzMSI GTX 960 STRIX 4GB (overclocked 125/400MHz)8 GB 1600MHz RAM"
76561197979259804,Recommended,403640,26521480,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,MrPixels,"EDIT:1) Performance.After the patch, the performance is significantly improved for me, with framerates floating around 100 to 120 on ultra settings.2) GameplayGreat game, more Dishonored (should be spelled 'Dishonoured', but I'll forgive that) for your money, which is what everyone always wanted.  Interesting new mechanics in play and a lot of care to detail that you would expect from a follow-up to the excellent original.  Not sure about the voiced protagonists, I liked the silent Corvo from the original game - haven't played as Emily yet though, so I may change my mind.3) SummaryYeah I recommend it, though if you have an AMD card, it seems like you might want to wait for further patches.ORIGINAL REVIEW:First pre-order and I am regretting the decision, the game itself looks like it could be great, but it appears to be very poorly optimised - visuals are weirdly washed out and it feels laggy and unresponsive.  I have a feeling that the only reason that this game is vaguely playable is just the brute force of my rig (GTX 1080, i7 6800,  16 gb DDR4 ram), not good enough though - patch please, quickly."
76561198127862135,Recommended,403640,26522449,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,angrydalek,"So after a month of waiting I finally got to play this game, and OH MY GOD HOW AWESOME IT IS. I like the characters, the new architecture, awesome sound design and of course wonderful gameplay allowing you to play however you see fit. May as well be the new GOTY."
76561198024850815,Recommended,403640,26523333,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,JimBob,game works great now
,Recommended,403640,26524017,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,AatuSaurus,"i had written a bad review for this game when it came out because of the fps lags (could barely run 20 fps with my 2gb gtx 960) but now after the beta update 1.3 the odds have turned around, this game is in the top 5 games i have ever playd and now my good old gtx 960 can run solid 60 fps all time its almost as great as the first one would recommend. still kind of mad about the♥♥♥♥♥♥pc release had to wait a whole month before it was playable but the story/game is awesome just what i was especting just remember to allow the beta updates for the game and you will have a great time playing. would recommend 9/10"
,Recommended,403640,26565598,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Zerix Telden,"The first part is my inital review, pre beta patch and not recommended, the latter being the post beta patch and recommended.I honestly feel like its my job to write this, honestly? Don't buy it- Not yet anyhow. For a follow up to such an amazing game (which i have over 100 hours on) This game is so poorly optimized and disapointing, another Bethesda port. We shouldnt have to accept games like this, where our FPS is literally being beaten by consoles who dont have no where near the processing power we have, I have SLI 980tis and I cant get a stable FPS, it drops to 50, then 40, and it will stay there, even in non open areas. The story however from how much I've finished (I've completed up to The Clockwork Mansion (4) so far) Is great, and honestly the game does look good and promsing aswell, the powers have become more complex, requiring more runes to get more abilities, the bone charm crafting is a unqiue aspect that lets you make things as you wish, and of course Emily or Corvo as a playable character is great, especially for nostalgia, but untill this game gets fixed with a patch, assuming Bethesda can even fix their mess, don't buy it, it's not worth giving Bethesda the money to basically say ""Oh, you made a poorly running game? Here take my money"" and I know, theres the old fans like me who want to play it out of love, but still, if you can wait, wait. We as a PC community need to take a stand against ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t like this from our prefered game companies, Skyrim SE was just the same with optimization, (which I only played because I got for free) hopefully Dishonored 2 wont end up just like Skyrim SE.I felt that I should leave my original review above instead of getting rid of it, but currently for me the patch has fixed most of the huge issues affecting me from throughly enjoying this game, I can honestly say I recommend it now. My framerate issues are still existant on 4k but on 2560 x 1440 with highest settings for graphics they're small. I've since finished the story twice over (once as each character) and I think that the art and world is beautiful, Emily (as I played Corvo first) had some inital doubts from me with her version of ""blink"" but since then I've come to be used to it, not to mention her other abilities such as chain and mesmerize which make a great combo with sleep darts for stealth. Really love Luca's palace, it's just awesome all around and being able to fix Stilton and his home? I was excited and blown away to see that was a possible thing to do. All in all, while my issues are small, I'd still recommend temperment before purchasing until a complete fix is released, I still enjoy this game though"
,Recommended,403640,26571770,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,[FDC2] Ryan the Quacktastrophe,"Now that the game has been repaired, it's more playable, but it's overall still somewhat dissapointing compared to the first game. It's still a great game, but didn't live up to the expectations"
76561198068581682,Recommended,403640,26524188,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,BlueSigma2,"An update has been released for the game and it is now playable for a lot of people (including me). If you are considering getting this game or have played the first game don't let the bad reviews get you down or discourage you from getting this game. Now that I am able to play this it is clear that this is the sequel the series deserves. Gamplay is amazing, story is pretty good, voice acting is average. If you were a fan of the original dishonored game then you NEED to get this one. If you're hesitant because you think your PC might not run it well due to the bugs and glitches then just wait a bit. I guarantee you that within the next month this game will iron out all of the glitches."
76561197984111566,Recommended,403640,26525524,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,NicK,"I wasn't going to leave anything here and give them some time but the devs latest pathetic reply basically saying it's not our problem has changed my mind.Poorly unoptimized mess there you go, shame really as this game looks really promising during the first 5 minutes or so.Since the patch has finally arrived a week after launch the game is much more playable as the framerate is better and some mouse fixes help a lot, graphically it isn't the best but now the gameplay is where the game excels it's fantistic."
,Recommended,403640,26527342,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Oniiku: Uprising,"I would be really enjoying and be super immersed in dishonoured 2 if it was playable. At least 30 minutes of my play time has been spent telling the game that, no I don't want to have the game play on my second monitor or have it run in 4K on my main 1080p monitor after switching it to my main monitor. The game looks blurry on all graphics settings and the frame rate never goes above 45 on any graphic settings. Once these problems are fixed I see myself having a lot of fun with the game. But as it is now it is just another game to add to the list of recent games that were terribly optimised on release.EDIT:After having changed some settings in the Nvidia Control Panel, changing some of the Antialiasing options the game runs fine now and has no blur. I would have over 200 frames on high graphics though once they patch the game."
,Recommended,403640,26528672,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,MUKAYLA,"-EDIT: Arkane Studios have clearly commited themselves to improving their game, and as a result, (and I recommend everyone else who complains about performace to do this also) will change my review to positive. The game is clearly good but the performance was just unacceptable.Thank you Arkane for actually fixing your game.BE SURE TO NOT BUY THIS GAME UNTIL THEY OPTIMIZE IT!THE GAME IS UNPLAYABLE BECAUSE OF HOW LAGGY IT IS, EVEN WITH A GOOD COMPUTER.YOU NEED A SUPER HIGH END COMPUTER TO EVEN THINK ABOUT PLAYING THIS GAME WITH REASONABLE FPS.This is a complete ♥♥♥♥ing joke. It is so obvious they only tried to make this game good for console. This is the worst PC port I have ever seen in gaming. I cannot wait for them to actually give a♥♥♥♥♥♥a patch this unplayable game, if they even do.I was such a huge fan of Dishonored, and could hardly wait for this one to come out, only to be throughly disappointed to the highest degree.All of the developers say to make sure you do the most brain dead♥♥♥♥♥♥that every PC gamer does to increase FPS like:-""Lower resolution."" (No ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥everyone knows how to do that.)-""Make sure your PC meets the lowest requirements."" (Again, no ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥ I have well above the lowest requirements, stop making excuses.)-""Try lowering the graphics in game."" (Not even going to make a real comment on this pathetic ""improvement"".)This game has been a complete let down, I would love to play the game with actual FPS. The gameplay seems insanely fun but as of right now its completely ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t and unplayable.I will be sure to not pre-order or even buy Dishonored 3 if it comes out unoptimized based on this atrocity.Oh yeah, I never make reviews, so me going out of my way to type all this really shows how ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t this is.Straight up look up on google, ""Dishonored 2 PC"" and enjoy the pages and pages of people knowing how awful this port is, even with insanely good PC's that run games more demanding than this at 200+ FPS.Fix your ♥♥♥♥ing game Bethesda, this is completely unacceptable."
76561197999239858,Recommended,403640,26531322,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,EdgarMillen,"Will not work with Windows 7.  Too bad, I had been looking forward to this game for months."
,Recommended,403640,26532060,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,A Box of Doom,"Edit:There is a patch in the works right now that should be coming out soon that should be adressing the low frame right issue.Game runs in low priority. So unless you want to manually change it to high priority through your task manager every 10 min wait for a patch to fix it. Other than that I feel like this game will be amazing. played the first game and was a huge fan, so I hope when it gets patched up it will make a worthy sequel."
,Recommended,403640,29769183,Posted: 7 February,all,Disappointed,"If you haven't played Dishonored, start there. And get the definitive edition, because the DLC is great.Done? OK, good. Let's continue.Make no mistake, this is a quality game. The richly detailed and briliantly designed levels are a joy to explore. The world responds to your choices, even more so than in the first game. Whatever graphical settings you're able to achieve, the visual design is stunning. The enemies are varied and challenging, and the range of powers gives you many options in every situation.It's not perfect. The story sometimes feels like it's a step behind the action, and a couple of sections where major characters interupt proceedings to explain their origins rather spoil the pacing. And the needlessly exagerated stakes slightly detracts from the more personal feel of the original. But the characters are interesting and well realised, and the overall theme exploring the long term consequences of individual actions unites narrative and gameplay in a way that is immensely satisfying.This is a game bursting with ideas, expertly crafted and realised. Equal parts clever and imagintaive, a standout in the stealth action genre, and a unique experience in gaming."
,Recommended,403640,29770730,Posted: 7 February,all,Vexivian,"Waited a while to play this game due to the frame issue talk. When I started playing it it played fine. While I noticed some miniscular frame-dips in specific areas, the majority of the game played smoothly. I was playing on the bes♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ settings with a GTX 1060 and an i5-6500 CPU, 16GB RAM.As for the actual gameplay I loved it. I was already a fan of how Dishonored (1) played. The puzzles were good, the fact that you have all these choices in terms of how you want to complete the mission is great. The atmosphere is fitting, soundtrack makes it quite immersive. Graphics and meshes look good, even when I could notice some clipping here and there when characters were moving.Something odd I noticed was that you would occasionally just randomly be spotted, even when you shouldn't have been spotted. Another thing is that characters will occasionally start dialogue with you when you are (for example) one level underneath them in a building.Occasionally I would get to places where I suppose I ""shouldn't"" have gone, making me unable to progress in that direction, even when I should have been able to in terms of in-game ability.Overall I found this game to be very enjoyable. You have a great amount of space to be sneaky up high and get past enemies. You have a nice variety of enemies; the game also doesn't hold your hand to explain to you what each enemy's abilities are (which I personally think is very good, you just figure it out on your own). The objectives are interesting. The maps themselves hide a bunch of interesting things and for those who go out of their way to find everything this is really great.Another cool thing is that you have two characters to choose from in the beginning, which adds some re-playability in addition to the different chaos-level completions. So needless to say I will be replaying this game at least once. Possibly twice down the line. I wonder what sort of DLC will be made for this game. <3"
,Recommended,403640,30018729,Posted: 18 February,all,Brainstew,"Its actually what is says it is... Dishonored 2.Like the first one, but with more and better and badder. A must for fans of the original."
76561198036452419,Recommended,403640,30018785,Posted: 18 February,all,DEADLY MARMOSET,"What Mirrors Edge Catalyst should have been!Incredibly detailed world,Super satisfying takedowns,Lovely voice acting,Fun storyline"
,Recommended,403640,29993690,Posted: 17 February,all,Azureey,"welcome to the final mystery, Jindosh"
,Recommended,403640,29749291,Posted: 6 February,all,mac,yes
76561198311620705,Recommended,403640,29710670,Posted: 4 February,all,PLUDACRIS,"Yes, the performance issues are almost unacceptable, but I have a 1070 so it works around 60 fps for me on ultra, which is fine. Certain levels are worse than others, dipping into 40s. On my rig that shouldnt be happening..........Now that aside, the game is amazing. I am having a blast with it. the amount of freedom is amazing, even more than Dishonored 1. If somehow in the future they fix all issues, i recommend this game very strongly. Its so muich funSide Note, make sure yuo play the Dishnored DLC to know more about whats happening at the start of 2."
,Recommended,403640,29654376,Posted: 2 February,all,tunikb,"Definitely a step up from the predecessor. Clever ideas to never make the gameplay feel boring, even though you are still just too overpowered for the dumb enemies. And at times, this game definitely looks jaw-dropping. But how this won ""Best Action-Adventure"" over Uncharted 4 will forever remain a mystery to me."
76561198166882543,Recommended,403640,29680391,Posted: 3 February,all,walrusiscool,It's good
,Recommended,403640,29678111,Posted: 3 February,all,Koekje,"Performance/release issues aside, this game is a beast. Played and loved D1 (many many runs, ""how it's meant to be played""). Loved D2 even more. They took D1 and improved nearly all aspects of it (more books, more content, bigger maps, more powers, better graphics, etc.). The game has some differences (like swords hitting you while sliding, the Blink indicator not being on the same position as you are aiming (snapping), among others) and bugs (not that obvious on normal runs, but on speedruns etc.)."
,Recommended,403640,29564701,Posted: 29 January,all,loopdaloop,"If you're still hesitating about buying this game because of all the negative reviews concerning performance, don't worry because a huge update came out on the 18/01/2017 where they patched literally everything wrong in one update.In my opinion, this game is still not worth getting at full price though because its relatively short gameplay (~15 hours) with no additionnal content except some good replay value."
76561198016913995,Recommended,403640,26534592,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Oji Wonker,"A worthy successor to the first dishonored but I would really recommend that you play the first game and especially the DLC ""The Brigmore Witches"" to have a better understanding whats going on in the dishonored 2 univers.8/10Win 7 64 bitNVIDIA GeForce GTX 1070Intel(R) Core(TM) i7-4771 CPU @ 3,50Ghz 3,50Ghz16GB RAM"
,Recommended,403640,29899423,Posted: 13 February,all,yeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee,"I love the first one and this one is great, problem is I bought the first one on console, i understood the controls and with the pc version i had trouble using the keyboard, its my problem but its a great game none of the less."
76561198156892961,Recommended,403640,29958879,Posted: 16 February,all,revenangea,"Wow, story is amazing ! I had alot of fun with Dishonored 1, and was waiting for 2.....and it is great ! Had a hard time completing it in stealth, but it was worth it, at least I didn't finish it too soon, cause I'd be saaaaad... :D*spoiler*The part with present/past was great. I looooove how it was done, good job !Yes, I found a few bugs, but I didn't really care. If you love D1 - You'll love this one aswell"
,Recommended,403640,29971166,Posted: 16 February,all,Senior Knight Constanze,Great game overall. Really enjoyed it.
,Recommended,403640,29973946,Posted: 16 February,all,Shredder,"It's gorgeous. It's incredibly fun. The story sucks in comparison to Dishonored 1.But who really cares? It's Dishonored gameplay in a tropical environment. Ignore the claims of poor performance; it is true that the game runs rather poorly at max, but simply turning down the water quality a bit makes Dishonored 2 very playable. And it's not like you're staring at water every second of the game."
,Recommended,403640,29726936,Posted: 5 February,all,Treetion,"Decent gameplay, awful story."
76561198165577156,Recommended,403640,29996694,Posted: 17 February,all,Man-Made Marmalade,"Dishonored 2 is one of my favorite games. I was worried that it would ruin Dishonored for me but it did quite the opposite, I love Dishonored and Dishonored 2. I would highly reccomend this game if you liked the first Dishonored. If you haven't played it, I would also reccomend you play the first Dishonored. If you play them in order, the story of this game makes a whole lot more sense. As for the price, I'd say it's worth the $60. It's fun and has a good story, It's a lot more difficult than the first Dishonored, but I thought that game was too easy anyway so that's a welcome change. Overall, I think this game is great and if you have the money and liked the first Dishonored, go buy it."
,Recommended,403640,29991390,Posted: 17 February,all,Roe_,As a Dishonored fan I was ecstatic about a second game and I was not dissapointed! This game stays true to the original but the world itself seems so much bigger. The graphics are gorgeous and the storyline was interesting. As you can now play as either Corvo or Emily it leads on perfectly for fans of the original or new fans.I loved everything about this game and with the way it has been created you can replay over and over with different gameplays and endings.
76561198024461684,Recommended,403640,29296390,Posted: 16 January,all,yjesus,"Although many people complain it has preformence issues, I've experienced none except a few random crashes. I'm using GTX 1070 and played on ultra with constant 60 FPS.I've played this game twice, once on Low Chaos with Corvo and once with Emily on High Chaos using the New Game + feature. Also, I have played the first Dishonored, so I'll do some comparision.Gameplay wise, it's a big improvement. There's a wide variety for leathal and non-leathal gameplay, much wider than the first installment. You get to choose between 2 characters at the begining, with both having completly different abilities. While Corvo mantain his abilities from the first game with a few improvements, Emily has a brand new set of abilities to choose from. Furthermore, you get a much wider of non-supernatural weapons to choose from, leathal and non-leathal alike. The synergy between your ability is only limited by your imagination/Some level designs and mechanics are truly amazing.Storywise, the game is too linear in my opinion. There aren't too many twists or surprises to the plot and I think its duller than the first one."
,Recommended,403640,31059544,Posted: 10 April,all,Tyrant of Troy,"I had put off buying this until now as I was afraid it wouldn't run on my PC. I'd read lots of complaints from people with beefy computers who were experiencing less than 30FPS. So I installed the demo yesterday and found it ran great on low settings. No issues. So I bought it at a 50% discount and i'm very happy with it: It's a fun game, with much the same character as the first game (which i loved) but with more detailed levels.My system is a 2012 i7 running at 3.4GHz with a GTX 650Ti and 16GB RAM. Not exactly cutting edge; but as I said, it runs great on low settings."
,Recommended,403640,31058907,Posted: 10 April,all,Vinx,"This game is fantastic and a direct follow up from the first one. The gameplay on this is really smooth, and it is also a game you can easily replay mutiple times and choose a different skill set each time, killing is so fun and can be done in countless ways, the story is great, and one that is affected by the choices you have made throughout the game. I would easily recommend this game to anyone."
76561198116474777,Recommended,403640,31069863,Posted: 10 April,all,Baktus,This realy felt like more of the first Dishonored to me (witch was epic). I was lucky not affected by the preformance issues that other people struggle with. If you played the first one then i definitely recomend thisø.
,Recommended,403640,31104021,Posted: 12 April,all,Gladyator,It is quite glitchy at times but the story is sick
,Recommended,403640,31099921,Posted: 12 April,all,MY NAME JOSH,"Dishonored 2 is great sequel to it's first installment.  The levels are well set up for you to perform creative kills on enemies with your abilities.  Both characters are very fun and have their own cool style; Corvo's abilities are a lot more stealth centered for taking things slow, while Emily's abilities are a little more fast paced.  Emily is the better character if you are looking to do crazy things like flying through the air all the while catapulting enemies below you up into the air.  Corvo is good if you played Dishonored 1 and want the classic abilities, and if you want to take time with your kills.It's a great game with a lot of room to master each ability and pull off sick combos.  I love games like that.  The game has a lot of replayability in my opinion, so it should keep you busy.  Have fun, and high chaos for the win."
76561198019966189,Recommended,403640,31076717,Posted: 11 April,all,Elmer Fudd,"I liked the first game for the theme and magic. I was just facinated by the steampunk style of the game and when you could blink to any rooftop and basically be a ninja in daylight.Dishonored 2 doesn't really bring out anything new to the game. The story lacks any sort of proper depth and I would've liked way more flexibility like being able to choose where you want to go and what you want to bring. Only having to choose lethal \ non-lethal was boring.The gameplay is pretty much the same as in the first game and it got kind of boring for me (atleast as Corvo). The game also has audio and visual bugs as well as long loading times even with a proper PC but those weren't game breaking.I feel like the game would've been much better if only Emily was a playable character and shifted the focus away from Corvo. Story where Emily needs to learn what his father learned and more. There's a much more deeper connection then when the heart belongs to Emily's mother, his father used to have the same skills, she needs to save him now after everything he's taught him..During my playthrough I felt like there was so much chaos in the game that I got 'lost' and didn't even bother to go through entire map looking for coins etc. I just gathered the runes and bone charms and basically knocked every guard unconscious then blinked them to a spot no guard can access so they cannot be found so I wouldn't have to worry about them spotting me if I decided to run around the map.However it's well worth the play if you liked the first one. The gameplay is solid, the theme exists but it isn't as well present in the game as the first one. I would've liked to see something more."
76561198260744027,Recommended,403640,31084351,Posted: 11 April,all,Homeless Badass,"Great game, i love it.I like the theme of the game i haven't experienced anything like that before. I love the gamemacanics, it's easy to learn and use and it's fluent. I like that you can play as you two diffrent characters, it adds a lot of replay value to the game and its great if you want to experience the game again after you have play through it once, sins there are no DLC to purchase to this game :(. I like that you can play the game in various play styles leathy or ghost, it also adds replay value to the game.Though like any other stelth games, exept assasin's creed or watch dogs for example, the game is pretty hard. The enimes will spot you very easily from any distens and you are limited to use your powers depending of how much stanima you have left, but in my opinion it's what a stelth game should be.Also i think the power system is a litte bit overpowered for a stelth game, it feels like the game is targeded to casual adience then hardcore players. You can choose not to have powers if you want however.Over all the game is definitely worth buying and if are worrid if the game won't run that well on your computer, i'll would sudjust you to download the demo first to see if it works before you pick up the game, if it still downloadeble by now. It ran perfactly for me. I have a GTX 970, 8 gb ddr4 ram and i5 6500k in my gaming rig and a got AVG 70 fps or higher on high graphics settings on 1080p. I'm proud of Bethesda that the uppdated the game before i boght the game because i could through my play time relax and play the game with out messing with the graphics settings and get fustrated with bad fps. Unlike the people who bought the game on launch day.Update: I forgot to mention how the story is. The story is good in my opionion, not the best story that i have experienced but it's good enogh. It takes inspierments from other forms of media like some of disney the movies, harry potter movies, the fantastic beasts movie, the first dishounerd game, theif and other game as well. You might allready know what the story is about by now sins you are on the store page right now. One thing that is inportment to you to is that story changes slitly of wich characters you choose to play as or how you take out you oppenents and [spoiler alert] what you choose to do in ending after you have defeted the last oppnent who turned Emily to stone.Aslo there are a lot of characterr in the game and becuase of that there is a lot of names mentioned through out of the campain, it's like game of thronse if you want to compear."
76561198008367628,Recommended,403640,31099860,Posted: 12 April,all,Vulcan's Hammer,"A good game although perhaps not quite as good as the original Dishonored.  Sleep darts are in short supply, and you can only carry five.  Therefore, I emphasized the use of stun mines that can take out multiple enemies with the proper upgrades. Pistol bullets are readily available, but I never use the pistol.  There are still a ridiculus number of guards, and they are extremely perceptive even in Shadow mode.I liked the fact that in these games you are rewarded for not killing and penalized for killing.  That is a refreshing difference between the Dishonored series and most other games."
76561198028911259,Recommended,403640,26514635,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Arion85,Nice Sequal to the series worth a purchase now that the issue that prevented AMD machine from running the game.
,Recommended,403640,30196320,Posted: 26 February,all,motykr,I really really enjoy playing this game!! ..if you like the first one then this is way better!! and i was a Big fan of the first one
76561198028615743,Recommended,403640,27019906,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Cale_Whale,Enjoying my second playthrough.
,Recommended,403640,26559864,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Som1Lse,"Read the edits!So, Dishonored 1 is my favourite game of all time, and I have more than 640 hours in that game, and it is wonderful how Dishonored 2 actually improves on so many areas of that game. You can knock guards out in combat, the missions are bigger and better than ever, the AI smarter than ever, the characters are more interesting, and I can spend more than 4 hours playing a single mission trying to find all the stuff in it and still be missing a lot by the end, because the missions are just so wonderfully expansive, but in all honesty I just cannot recommend the game in its current state.The performance is just godawful, it it has no right to be. It is playable, even enjoyable, and so far I have almost 20 hours put into the game, but as much as I love the rest of the game, Arkane Studios and Bethesda both deserve a Very Negative status until they fix the game.If you are going to get the game, you should know that there is a good chance that you will experience performance issues, so make sure to enable the FPS display (Steam>Settings>In-Game>In-game FPS counter) and pay attention to what you are actually getting. During the intro cutscene I got around 40 FPS, most areas are somewhat better than that, though with some occasional stutter, and some areas go below 20 FPS. There are also mouse issues with sensitivity being tied to the framerate for some crazy reason (that has been fixed by the beta patch). So please if you do decide to buy the game, be vigilant and consider still leaving a negative review, even if you do enjoy, because this just shouldn't be okay.If they do fix it, then this game is definitely worth the 60 dollars/euro/whatever they are asking for, and this review will probably be changed to a hearty recommendation.Edit: Mouse sensitivity being tied to framerate has been fixed, as of the beta patch, and the game overall seems to run much smoother (though still not quite as good as it probably should). Arkane has showed that they at least seem to care about making the game run properly.Edit2: So with more patches it might be worth looking into. It is not going to look at good as you might like, it is not going to play as well as you might like but the gameplay is still so damned good that you might just forgive it for that. Anyway with steam refunds if it doesn't run for you, you can always get your money back.tl;dr: Play the original Dishonored and the latter two DLCs (Knife of Dunwall and Brigmore Witches) that are both absolutely fantastic games, and cheap as a bag of chips (3 to also get the DLC). If you hunger for more Dishonored 2 is probably worth looking into and if you don't like it, you can always refund it."
76561198058135507,Recommended,403640,26564025,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,GLΔDIATOR,"The game runs smoothly now (not checking fps, but it must be around 60 for sure). It's really enjoyable and just what a Dishonored continue should be - more puzzles, more opportunities, more freedom, more adventures (and knocked out enemy piles :P).It took all the best from first game and just set up a new story in new locations with new technologies and powers. It's really perfect and just what I ever wanted as a sequel to the game! Grabbing bodies with Far Reach, stalking around as Shadow and feeding bodies to bloodflies (and this is just unlocking like 2 powers C:). You can craft your own bone charms now and rewire clockwork soldiers!I don't mind playing it on lowest settings now, as the image is still pleasing and I don't care about textures or geometry anymore (it all became really smooth after the big patch and the graphics are just fine). I am not seeking max graphic performance and it doesn't disturb me from enjoying the game as a game, hope you feel the same :)Hundred thanks to developpers for fixing the graphics, YOU'RE THE BEST! It's so encouraging to see that people still care about their games (ew AC Unity...)BEST DISHONORED SEQUEL!!+++PS: People ♥♥♥♥♥ed on this game so heavily because of bad launch, but it really doesn't deserve such negativism and I am happy to see that it's on the list of 2016 games. Please rewrite your reviews!"
,Recommended,403640,26526395,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Pepijn,Edit2:After the latest pc patch the game is running as good as I can expect from my specs.Pro:- Gameplay is as good as Dishonored 1Con:- The (mostly) untold background story is more interesting than the told story. As in Dishonored 1
,Recommended,403640,26752191,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Lunarus (216 days til bday),"They fixed the optimazation issues, the game runs smoothly on ultra, the gameplay is fantastic, and it has tons of replayability9/10"
,Recommended,403640,26548663,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Hawaiian Dad,"I will only recommend this game when it becomes playable on my system. This is really disheartening since I've been looking forward to this game for so long. :c Everything about it is fantastic except the gameplay. There's a good game behind this, but not now.BETA PATCH 1.3 UPDATE:With this patch this game has become pretty playable for my GTX 950. There is still some FPS chug and stutter but without the motion blur (which they should have had an option to turn off at the beginning) it's become tolerable for me. There is a really excellent game that I'm fully able to enjoy now, a proper sequel. I wouldn't fully recommend this game quite yet, I wish steam had a neutral option, since these patches are in beta and I'm just lucky I'm able to run it decently, this isn't the same for everyone though.I would recommend still to wait for official patches to come out for this game, because it IS worth it for what I've played. But the headache and frustration with how poorly optimized it is is too much. It'll be worth the wait though, that much is certain and I look forward it."
,Recommended,403640,30161642,Posted: 25 February,all,Freelancer,"Kickass, and timeline hopping portion was extremely slick. No graphical glitches or slowdowns that the earlier versions apparently suffered."
76561198111951517,Recommended,403640,30173064,Posted: 25 February,all,Fox McCloud hellcase.com,"Despite a couple of problems I overall enjoyed this gamePros-fun-great stealth mechanics-great versatility in terms of level completion-great gameplay- the powers make me feel like a badassCons-repetitive gameplay-sometimes objective is not clear enough-some glitches upon release that have been since fixed but shows some flaws in productionOverall I do recommend this game as long as you liked the first game, the mechanics are fun and it's a very enjoyable game"
76561198068286957,Recommended,403640,28086593,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Delran,"This is a good game, lacks a bit of optimization... Okay the game run as♥♥♥♥♥♥ but it is goodI must admit that in my first playthrough ( Emily ) I didn't felt the way I did during Dishonored 1...Emily is less charismatic, I don't like her powers and... ♥♥♥♥ off, her dialogues makes her dumb as♥♥♥♥♥♥( In my native langage at least )But after I picked Corvo for a High Chaos playthough... God I liked it, just play it, and play Corvo.//At first I didn't recommanded this game, here lies the remains of my previous evaluation.I didn't like the separation they made between the player and the characted played, in the first Dishonored, Corvo didn't talked and it felt like you realy was the guy, looking powerless during the numerous betrayals, and if you wanna make your characters talk, FFS don't make them say some obvious dumbass dialogue lines at some randoms good moments in the game... ( After finishing the game playing Corvo, this feeling just disapeared )The fact that you can choose between the two main character makes me feel like it sacrified a possibly better story, and the current one was very, very poor to me.Vanishing of the special death annimation of every target... Why ? It was so much fun.They should have let the total mystery grow even more... He seems a bit less badass now.Sad I didn't heard about some previous characters, a realy unexpected surprise for others.I was so much more satisfied when I killed Dellilah in Dishonored 1.And the worst of all, in my native langage, Daud's voice wasn't the same it was in the two Dishonored Dlc, hard to understand it was Daud talking."
76561198056575395,Recommended,403640,26525533,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,NuckingFuts,"New patch seems to have fixed the majority of performance problems I was having. The game is great, a worthy sequel to the first one. If you liked Dishonored, chances are you're gonna enjoy Dishonored 2 a great deal.Gameplay-wise pretty much everything was improved upon from the first game as far as I can tell. It feels more sleek, combat is even more brutal and impactful, and non-lethal playstyles are more versatile now. Absolutely no complaints on this front, the game feels great to play.What I will say though is that I didn't quite get the amazing atmosphere from the first game (this is mostly due to the game's setting), and the story and characters (with some exceptions) didn't feel as strong in Dishonored 2 compared to its predecessor. This is just personal opinion, of course, but for me Dishonored (one of my absolute favorite games of all time) will remain the more beloved game of the franchise.All in all, wheter you are a veteran of the first game like I am, or a newcomer to the series, I can only recommend this title."
,Recommended,403640,26526103,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Mighty,"After waiting for a while, i decided to buy the game again and give it another go.Well done bethesda, its playable now. I only get minor frame drops sometimes on a 1070./Loving the game so far, i'm f*cking paranoid i'll miss a single room anywhere :/"
,Recommended,403640,26528744,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,UCS- Scarlet,"With the recent betapatch Phenom users are able to play, and holy hell am I impressed.For anyone that wants a bench mark, without any ini tweaks you can get a semi-stable 30 fps on a Phenom 2 x555, aka a dual core clocked at 3.2 ghz or similar with a GTX 760. I'll probably do some edits later to said ini in order to attempt 60 fps,  but it runs... Semi-well.Also, this game seems to load a majority of the areas in RAM/VRAM at startup, so people with slower ram/processors may take some time to load the game, but afterwords (Loading doors), it's pretty quick.People are still claiming preformence issues in comparison to other games like TW3, however, so just a fair warning though.---------------------------- Old ReviewNever thought I'd see a game with a higher loading time than skyrim SE + witcher combined, And not even a warning of requiring SSE 4.1.Pre-order bit me hard.Edit: For those saying Processors without 4.1 are outdated, and that I shouldn't expect it to work, as it is similar to complaining about games requiring Direct X11- Most games that first started requiring DirectX11 gave a warning, as it was a newer requirement. This should have also been the point with SSE 4.1, and there are only 3 games I know of that require/use it."
,Recommended,403640,26537199,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,OPersei_8,"Changing review from negative because of performance issue to postive.I manage to get a decent FPS by doing a clean GPU driver install(gtx970, driver ver.375.70 mostly 60fps at mid setting). Perhaps I can run at high after the coming patch I hope.This game's level design is BRILLIANT. JUST BRILLIANT. The map is huge, some very interesting mechanism and combined with the protagonist's ability makes it really fun to play. The plot is pretty straightforward but still interesting to follow through.Comparing to previous title the AI improves a lot and makes it more challenging but in a fun way. Our ability now can be upgrade further opens more options to how you play the game. There are fewer companions in Dishonored 2 makes me missing those time I spent on squeezing my heart on everyone.One thing I dislike is it lacking campaign mission menu. You cannot replay or view stats of previous misson like Dishonored before, except you keep a save file at the begining of that mission.But still it is really fun to play and going stealthy low chaos or murderous high chaos gameplay feel like it's two different game makes it so worthy.9.5/10 -----""So many options"""
,Not Recommended,403640,26548162,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Shoy,"Original Review...Several hours palyed, so far so good. Currently running a 660 Ti 3GB which is the recommended minimum system requirement posted on the store page. Graphics are not fantastic but still enjoyable and playable. I have not experienced any major drops in FPS like others are complaining about. Purchased a 1060 6GB on amazon this evening to improve graphics and gameplay, will update review at a later time. Also running an old i7 3820 and 16GB of generic-brand RAM.Review Update...This game is pretty much the same as the original. Some new powers for Emily and some updated powers for Corvo... whoopty-doo. And then there's No Powers mode. God-bless anyone who has the patience to complete a Low Chaos No Powers play-through. I got to the fourth mission and abandoned the play-through, it simply isn't fun and is a complete waiting game when it comes to dealing with hostiles.I'm annoyed when I try to crouch trough a half open windows or the little doors above the main entrance of elevators only to be blocked by an invisible wall. I love the fact that game designers put enemies in chairs which you are unable to choke out unless you get the perfect angle while crouching on the arm rest of the chair they are sitting in or get their attention and make them move by setting an alarm clock or using a typewriter.On my Hard Low Chaos playthrough (with powers) there is a part in the Dust Distrct where two citizens are being executed for crimes shuch as stealing. I count 4 hostiles so I linked them together and choke-out one guy knocking the other three out. Then out of nowhere a 5th hostile appears all bent out of shape that I choked-out his friends. The 5th hostile only appears when I engage one of the 4 hostiles I can actually see. I'm stumped and fed up with this game.Oh yeah... the 1060 drastically improved graphics and gameplay."
76561198116393651,Recommended,403640,30156845,Posted: 24 February,all,GTsrvtch,"Loved the original, this was exactly what I wanted in a sequel. Compelling story amd gameplay"
76561198084919302,Not Recommended,403640,26529865,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,WaRgInGeR,"I had reviewed the game after 14 hours of playing and said it was great and I was having a great time. Honestly the game was great until the game became unplayable. I get a black screen every single time I try to play this game. I have emailed steam asking for a refund, didn't receive one, and emailed developers only to get told fixes were coming. Obviously the fixes still aren't here and I am so frustrated because I loved the first dishonored and would really like to finish this game to get the full experience. As of right now very disapointed in how the performance issues are being handled."
76561198277919710,Recommended,403640,26542825,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,darksoulswzy,"It should be an excellent game. But too many crashes.Loading crash, saving crash, acciental crash during playing. Forcing my coumputer to suddenly restart 10 times per hour.Looking forward to patch dealing with such annoying problem.Updated: changed to recommend.thanks to the patches, its performance on PC somehow improved.This is a good game in playing, really interesting. Might be the best level design in recent year action games.Just wish the annoying optimization problems would not appear anymore."
76561198111210275,Recommended,403640,26548619,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Mr TurDMuF1NM4N,"{EDITTED FOR POST-PATCH}First off, I played Dishonored 1 and all it's DLC and loved it. I pre-purchased this game literally within days of the option being available. Dishonored was an excellent game.Now, this game has all the same feel as the original, but instead of focusing on the incredibly smooth, flawless gameplay the first one had and disregarding graphical fidelity, this game takes graphics into account. Honestly, Dishonored had fair enough graphics if you turned down the brightness enough. This game is in a whole different world. It looks gorgeous, even on the medium settings I'm playing at until the full on fixes are released. There's a high cost to playing on High settings. Frames still plummet at times and I've been doing my own investigation. I've noticed that even when I'm indoors in normally easy to run areas like inside a room with no windows, I still see my VRAM fly up and max out. Guess where almost 90% of the current frame drops come from... When the VRAM decides it wants to fatten up so much that it has to start handing off info to the slow system RAM. I believe the coding isn't very efficient for the garbage cleanup and it's just not optimized. If this gets fixed, fantastic. This game will easily be one of the best for the year once it's running correctly.Now for the actual guts of the game. Having the option to play as either Corvo OR Emily is great. Corvo has all his powers you love, plus Doud's gift of Stop Time while aiming Blink, and Emily has a completely different set herself. Now, a few details would be nice, like how Corvo didn't tell Emily JACK about the outsider or his gifts, but... oh well. The most natural way to play this game would be to pick it up as Emily on a stealth playthrough, but do whatever since this is Dishonored. If you played the first Dishonored and loved that were secrets and stuff to discover, this game is on different level. You can lose hours on 1 mission uncovering everything. And trying to do the ""No-Kill"" playthrough is way tougher, especially because you have to actually investigate to uncover how to actually complete the mission without killing. The most time consuming playthrough is for-sure No-Killing on Stealth. Heck, there's even an option now to play the game WITHOUT supernatural powers! As I play, I'm beginning to realize when I do that playthrough it will be TOUGH. Using powers to climb the walls and rafters is the intended stealth route, so good luck. I've put in 11 hours and I still haven't finished 1 playthrough on stealth and I'm loving it, even though I'm forced to play on medium settings. It looks good, but I saw Ultra right away and holy cow I hope they fix the problems because it looks amazing! SLI support is really limited and doesn't really scale, so you don't get much of a difference. I have 2 980ti's in SLI and they run at about 60-70% and that's it. They don't ever go above it. I also have an Intel i7-4790K which never goes over 40%, so you can easily get away with a garbage cpu on this one. I get about 90fps on average but it does dip to 65fps sometimes. If you're running a 144Hz monitor like me, I'd change the Windows setting to 60Hz and turn on V-sync. Also play with a controller, because I don't think they've fully fixed the mouse input problems.But, if you're a Dishonored fan, keep your eyes peeled for the major patches to be released and definitely buy this game. It's an improvement on the last game, which is still one of my personal favorites. I'm loving this one so far."
76561197967186083,Recommended,403640,26520157,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Konjakke,"After patch 1.3 the game is finally starting to feel like a PC game.The mouse is fixed and is not anymore tied to the framerate andmakes the game feel much MUCH more smooth.First time i played on day one, i had to refund cause the fps and the mousewere so bad even with my gtx1080. Then patch 1.3 came along with the 30% discount ibought it back.Now it feels much better and getting around 80 - 120 fps that ACTUALLY feels like the real fps ingame.Finished the game and i have to say that its pretty damn good game."
76561198072990823,Recommended,403640,26520974,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,nous,"Games works fab after a boffo update that set me back.Gave is beter thatn dishonered as far as play, stoy good, ad beleivable, ven on the occult side, writing is sub to dishonered as well voice acting, but all over a excllant game."
,Recommended,403640,26522703,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Poob,"Great story thus far. The PC port is finally playable, and this game is amazing."
,Recommended,403640,26527720,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Glede,"UpdateFramerates have been noticeably better since update 1.3. The mouse problems have been fixed, and new AA options have been added. In spite of all these improvements, the game now crashes regularly (~every 10 min), so I have an even harder time playing it than I did before.(Below is my initial review. I'll update it at some point, but for now all I've done is change the recommendation to ""yes"".)Once fixed, it's GOTY for me.At it's core, this game is a proper sequel.Story, atmosphere, and gameplay mechanics are (imo) even better than the original game.  The upgraded visuals of the new Void Engine are an added bonus.However, it's currently riddled with optimization issues and runs terribly across the board:-Framerates are inexplicably low,and can hardly, if at all, be helped by lowering graphics settings(There is zero noticeable improvement in fps between the medium and very low presets).-Mouse input is borderline unusable,and not only does it have random moments of inconsistent acceleration,sensitivity jumps, and input lag, but it also fails to track even moderately rapid movements at any given time.(Play with a controller for the best experience at this time)-Anti-Aliasing options are atrociousand, as you set them higher, you are simply making the world blurrier.- Every so often theregraphical errorswhere you can see black blotches where textures failed to load and the like, as well as audio errors where sound cuts out or switches directions or indoor/outdoor filters.- Somebuggy NPC interactionscan also occur, such as enemies being alerted to you through entire buildings,models glitching out, and lip-syncing just flat out not happening.After most of these issues are fixed in a patch (that will inevitably be coming soon), I will definitely recommend this game to anyone who's in its target audience, as well as anyone adventurous who isn't.Two very niche features that specifically mademehappy:-Very good ultrawide/21:9 support- Menus are full ultrawide as well as in-game cutscenes and all other gameplay.- Load screens and the HUD are not. (I would prefer to see the HUD out of the way at the edges of the screen)-Full controller+mouse support- Even better than the first game, the two inputs can be used simultaneously and seamlessly.(although mouse input is currently broken, so I don't recommend playing like this just yet.)- I'm sure steam controller users (not me) will appreciate this as well."
76561198048893316,Recommended,403640,26529828,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Sparkman,"Minimum storage: 60GBRecommended storage: 60GBActual game size: 37,892MB (~38GB)Where's the rest of the game?Also, the game runs at 30fps/3440x1440 at lowest settings with following setup:32GB DDR-5 3000MHZ RamIntel Core i7-5930K Overclocked 4,4 GHzGeForce GTX 980 Ti x2Edit: most errors seem to be fixed at this point, as of 31/12 2016"
,Recommended,403640,26539993,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,DocHollis,Great game after they fixed the FPS problems. Lots of ways to get through the levels and the story was compelling.
76561198122337363,Recommended,403640,26515351,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Daud,新的补丁效果非常好！
,Recommended,403640,26523498,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Allnatty,"Framerate stays at 60fps+ at 1440p on the Very High settings preset. This is with a gtx 1080 and i7 6700k. Performance is bareable if you have similar specs. Aside from the shoddy performance, everything else is great. If you enjoyed the original dishonored, you will love this game."
76561198015456313,Recommended,403640,26593399,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,hellbiter88,"Performance has been fixed, thankfully."
76561198077075873,Not Recommended,403640,26598700,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Shua,"my specs:GTX 970 (gigabyte)i7-67008gb RAMwindow 10 64 bitGame came out had issues, issues are being fixed to this day (15/02/2017), months after release and still with beta patches and still not perfect. Here's my review:About the gameplay:gameplay itself is pretty good by itself although the level design doesn't encourage you to use them more than a bland way which is a shame. 7/10About the story/voice acting/characters:Forgettable.Very bland. The story is shallow and seems rushed, the voice acting is poorly excuted with characters sounding like they are reading text off of a paper, and the characters themselves are just boring and unlikeable. 3/10About the graphics and sound:sound effects:Sound effects are great in general, but the weapon sounds lack umpfff! no satisfaction out of slashes with your knife or shooting with your gun soundwise.graphics:Not a bad looking game although not exceptionally impressive.music:soundtrack of the menu is the best piece in the whole game, other than that it's just dishonored 1's music which is kind of boring, nothing too exciting about the music.6/10 - slightly above averegeFinal Verdict:considering the all of the above, excluding the issues on pc I give it a 6/10, a slightly above averege game.Including the pc issues it has going on with the fixes I give it a 5/10.I'd strongly suggest buying this game when the price goes down if you HAVE to get it for some reason, otherwise you can just avoid it altogether."
,Recommended,403640,26625661,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,LittleMikey,"Despite having a decent gaming setup the framerate was simply awful. Movement felt awful, characters moved in janky motions that made this game feel like an alpha release. I was incredibly disappointed with Dishonered 2 and I have requested a refund. I might pick the game up if it ever gets fixed but this is simply not good enough for an AAA release.*EDIT*I decided to pick the game back up after a few major patches, and things are vastly improved. While it shouldn't have been released in the state it was released in I can say that it's much better to play now."
76561198088197508,Recommended,403640,28136507,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Mad Hermit,"My original opinion at the end.---This updated review is based on the Emily storyline.The game still has horrible performance issues even on a decent PC.* It's playable. But is it a good game? Yes! Is it a good Dishonored game? Well.. yes and no.The stealthy goodness is there. You sneak around using your abilities, killing or not killing. Finding your way through a brilliant level design. It's Dishonored.I have to give a special mention of excellence to the timepiece mission. Wow.Still.. The enemy AI is horrible if you even dare to break the stealthy pattern. There are way too many abilities to use. And I still can't get over the performance problems. I really can't.Overall: If you liked Dishonored, you are going to like Dishonored 2. Just be prepared to be annoyed. If you haven't played Dishonored, get it instead of this. Dishonored 2 is a true sequel - in good as in bad.* My rigi7 5930kMSI 390x16gbSamsung 850 evo 500gb---Original opinion:Unplayable at this stage. The game keeps flashing to black screen constantly, so I cannot comment on the game itself. This is unacceptable. You cannot release broken games and expect good reviews.I will edit this review when and if the game will ever work properly.P.S.I did run stress tests and benchmarks to check if the problem was my gpu (390x) and no, it isn't."
,Recommended,403640,26611472,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,FrostByte,"*Edit: 11/18/2016 - TL;DR Game is playable and enjoyable now. Must opt in for the beta patch unless you're purchasing after the patch's release. Still some issues with fps drops, but that's on 2k reso, 144FPS ultra settings on SLI 980 TI's. I've marked my review from negative to positive with the recent implementation of the beta patch. If they continue to improve upon it and with the patch coming next week, I'm sure the game will be practically flawless!Detail:A new beta patch has been released. You have to opt in to download and play it now. Total is just shy of 7Gigs. This patch fixes a TON of performance problems. I'm currently able to play on 2k resolution, ultra settings (along with the nVidia's SLI profile for Dishonored 2) and It's quite enjoyable. I'm more than sure if I dropped down to high or medium I'd get even better FPS.Currently I'm running the game at a pretty consistent 60 FPS. I get quite a few FPS drops in bigger areas, but I'm sure that will be addressed in the patch planned for next week as they mentioned. As of right now, the game is playable and enjoyable; Here are a few issues still, along with issues that have been fixed for me since my original review.1) Inconsistent mouse sensitivity (Problem is resolved in the beta patch, and works amazing!)2) FPS drops - Still an issue, but has been drastically improved. If you plan on maxing out all settings, I'd wait a little bit longer unless you're okay with a little FPS drop every once in a while. BUT, It is playable and enjoyable now.3) Motion blur - I think this was tied with the inconsistent mouse sensitivity because I do not notice it much anymore. If there IS a motion blur, It's gone by without me noticing and deserves a ghost run through by my standards!4) Crashes - I've crashed 1 time since I started playing today. Was very annoying. Hopefully these will be addressed in the next patch. I got quite a few hours in before it crashed though (about 2-3 hours)*End of edit: 11/18/2016**Edit: 11/16/2016 - A new driver was released yesterday for nVidia in GeForce Experience that gives an SLI option in the Manage 3D settings section of the nVidia Control Panel. It drastically improves performance, however it still needs some polishing. the game is now Playable for me! I'll be leaving it as a negative review until some of the other major fixes are in. The SLI option doesn't scale as it should, but it allows me to at least play at 50-60 FPS.I would now suggest people can buy it, but be aware that there still may be issues.*End of 11/16/2016 Edit*Original Review:TL;DR DO NOT buy this game until the patches fix the performance issues. It's one of the worse I've ever seen in my gaming history. Also, HIGHLY suggested you stay away from this game until they support SLI (If you run two GPUs like myself)Where to begin?I pre-ordered, and pre-loaded because of how amazing Dishonored was. Sure, I expected a few errors at launch; but not this.Let me start off by posting my hardware;i7 6700k, SLI GTX 980 TI, 16GB ram, and I run the game on an SSD. I have an Acer XB270HU 144hz 1440p monitor.I'll keep my issues in an organized manner, hope it's helpful.1) Doesn't support SLI. Who in their right mind releases a game, especially single player, that doesn't support SLI? It's so stupid.2) Motion Blur. Apparently there is no option to turn off motion blur? It's highly annoying and I don't even know why developers implement such a stupid feature.3) Inconsistent MOUSE sensitivity. Go into an alley, Look at the wall. Now start to turn your view horizontally. It will stay consistent until you start looking at things a further distance away, such as the end of the alley. Then It speeds up a drastic amount until it 'focuses' back.4) FPS drops. It's not even restricted to just big areas. The FPS drops are insanely inconsistent so you never know when it'll happen. I should NOT be having issues with FPS.Response from support team says I should try the following, all of which I should not have to do.1) Use a 1080P or lower resolution2) Keep V-sync activated3) Try Windowed mode4) Keep adaptive resolution between 50-75% maximum5) Deactivate HBAO+6) Deactivate / lower all of the following: TXAA AA, Texture details, model details, environment details, water quality, view distance, AA, Rat and Bloodfly shadows. (Instead of just telling me to lower ALL settings, they were listed out.I was told that only PCs that **FAR EXCEED** the recommended specifications should run anything on ultra. Recommended specs are apparently a 1060 or better.I was told that they are currently working on a patch to address some issues. They could not confirm they even have plans to support SLI and/or a feature to get rid of motion blur."
,Recommended,403640,26760698,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,rbrucemtl,"I liked the first game...it was ultra smooth, responsive, immersive with zero performance issues.  Dishonored 2 feels like crap on a AMD Fury X.Update:  I upgraded my system to an i7 7700K and 32GB Ram... I now get a bit better performace but still see dips down too 40s.   I think game game looks worse and performes worse then the first... Not sure what they changed the engine when they had something good.Update again:Found the sweetspot in the settings so now I'm happy with my FPS for the most part..."
,Recommended,403640,26693190,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,SeriouslyTM,This is a excellent sequel with some improved mechanics but unfortunately the story is a bit lacking compared to the first game.Old: This game doesn't work with AMD Phenom II X6 1090T Black Edition due to lack of support to SSE4.1
,Recommended,403640,26523772,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Mister Lister the Sister Fister,"As of now, it's very unplayable in its current state. Super glitchy, slow, laggy, and the mouse feels 'heavy' despite changing the sensitivity. A very strong game that starts right the hell away. Can't wait to properly play it when they patch up the problems! I will change my review until then. It's NOT worth buying if you can't even run it. You'd be lucky if you're the small 20% of the population that can at this point.EDIT;;;; Patch 1, 11/17/16 :Sadly nothing changed as of the beta patch. Mouse movements are a little less janky and slow, and I get an fps boost of about 2 - 4 in open areas. Better than 15 fps I suppose, but playing at 17 - 18 isn't THAT much better. No motion blur option yet.edit;; 4/17/17much better now. I can play 40 ish fps in every area. Good game, nice voice acting, I'm a little bit overwhelmed because it's a huge leap from Dishonored 1, but still a good game underneath all the janky developer♥♥♥♥♥♥that's happened to it."
76561198213830843,Recommended,403640,30223127,Posted: 27 February,all,.milo,"I'm not gonna say much, I really loved the first game including it's DLC's and this game is a wonderful sequel. The only thing that everyone complains about and I'm going to mention it aswell, P E R F O R M A N C E. Sadly only high-end PC's are able to transmit it's wonderful experience. But appearantly this is not viewed as a problem for it's developers."
76561198284979921,Recommended,403640,29072080,Posted: 6 January,all,phoenix.pc59,SpecsMsi laptop i716gb ram8gb 980mFantastic game no issues in play run off external hard drive on USB 3 and all settings highest avaliableGreat immersion and game play. On second play through but first in a way as totally other end of the spectrum in play style. I feel sorry for all having issues as I have had none. only crash was when girlfriend cut power to my hard drive lol
76561197987497464,Recommended,403640,26520284,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,BuyJNUG,"******On Launch*********have to agree with everyone else. The game itself seems fantastic, but it keeps being brought down by frame drops. So sad, because I want to enjoy this game...I have a i5-6600, 1070GTX and 16GB of DDR4 ram. Highly doubt it is my specs....Please optimize this game so I can enjoy it. The first Dishonored was so buttery smooth, which made it such a blast to play.*****After Patch 1.2*******Game runs a lot better now, and is certainly playable. There are still times where I get stutters which is annoying though. I wish performance was better, but it certainly is playable now.The game itself is phenomenal. I love the level design more than anything, there is lots of room for creativity. Which extends the replay value of the game.Only complain was that the story is underwhelming. I found myself a little confused at the ending? Wanted something better.This game is worth the buy, and has a lot of replay value -- but it is not as good as dishonored 1. I'd give it an 8/10"
,Recommended,403640,26527428,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Shai-Hulud,"Poorly optimized, great game from what I played so far, but so far it doesn't run wellSPECS:i5 6600k16 GB DDR4R9 380Edit: Runs well now, I'd suggest you get itNew Specs:i5 6600k16 GB DDR4GTX 1070"
,Recommended,403640,26528131,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Reclinerhead,"Runs very poorly even on optimal hardware.Edit 11/13/2016 -- changing to recommended... here is what I did to finally get fluid movement using my Gsync monitor.- nvidia control panel - set 1 pre-rendered frame, FAST vsync.- game - disable vsync, use borderless windowI was having that weird mouse lag with stuttery movement, until i set it to use borderless window.  I always change that to Full Screen with my games, so maybe this is a key setting.I've been playing through up to mission 4 without any issues and having a great time."
,Not Recommended,403640,26588841,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Unkie Benis,"What the hell even happened to this game? It used to work flawlessly for me, and every update has made the game progressively worse... now the game won't even start at all for me. I came back after a few months of playing and the game just switches resolutions and stays on a black screen. The optimization for this game needs to be fixed, but I see that's the last of your priorities, thanks for the new game + update I guess... maybe fix the game first?"
76561198134998746,Recommended,403640,26701397,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,God of High school,"Im guessing Dishonored 2 is a good game, given by reveiws but im a AMD  user. Im hoping Bethseda come out with a patch for reslution issues. For us AMD users we are excpected to sit back and wait to see what Bethseda does next. I got the game but can barley play it due to screen tearing and low frame rates. I dont have a bad cpu its decent enough. Its an lenovo gaming laptop. All i can say right now is that bethseda better fix this or they will have a flood of people requesting money back. Rip PC users.I am glad to say that bethseda has now got there stuff together, and i can finally play the game. Hurray for AMD users a good patch has managed to sow up some of the screen tearing and bad resolution. I hope to see improvements in upcoming updates!"
,Recommended,403640,26705292,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Arkata,Updated and finally fun to play! It is definitely a qualified sequel. There are many improvements made from the original but the only thing I can really fault Dishonored 2 for is it's forceful plot and writing. The world is as good as it's ever been. Books and other bits of lore that you can collect are great at world building but the script for 90% of the game is just a bit ham fisted and TELLS too much rather than shows. It's a forgivable problem but still a shame considering how lovely the story and world was fed to you in the previous game.---Runs like garbage regardless of settings. The AI seems wildly sensitive and crap at the same time. The whole game feels absolutely half baked and rushed. Dishonored 2 had a flop of a launch.Very 2016.
76561198230080956,Recommended,403640,26509744,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,the pro of noobs,i had problems but it is now fixed. now the game has been out for a littlewhile it is easy to fing fixesand it is a good game
76561198006125695,Recommended,403640,26515691,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,PointBlank,Poorly optimised.  I would WAIT.Do not use up your 2 hour window till fixed or Refund it.Edit: Performs well arfter latest update.
,Recommended,403640,31074621,Posted: 11 April,all,IIAtomicToastII,"An amazing game. It's a worthy follow-up to the original, the storyline is just as amazing and it still manages to keep you interested. I've only picked the game up now, several patches after the initial release, but they seem to have optimised it very well, I get 80+ FPS with everything maxed out on my 1070 at 1080p.  I'm not a huge fan of the default controls, however they can be changed anyways. Overall it's a great game, while I don't think it's as good as the first, it's still worth every penny, especially at half price. 8.5/10"
76561198018253777,Recommended,403640,31156818,Posted: 15 April,all,Hokum,An honored sequel. Enjoyed every moment of it. Exteriors and interiors are something to wander for many hours (my first playthrough took me around 50 hours).
76561198025942820,Not Recommended,403640,28252182,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,cmagnusreay,"I'm playing this post patch 1.3 and am getting a pretty constant 60fps with the ingame limiter set to 60 on a TitanX (Maxwell) at Ultra on a Gsync monitor. The game is using over 10GB VRAM to achieve this. The art style is great just like Dishonored but the visuals simply do not justify the grunt needed to run it well. It still needs more patching to optimise on PC.As regards the game I'm enjoying it but it feels like a re-run of Dishonored to me (not a bad thing though). Corvos powers are pretty much the same but Emily gives a bit more variety. The story is pretty similar in principle -there is a plague and bad people have taken over. Personally I prefered Dunwall as the setting rather than the too bright Karnaca. The game introduces corrupted bonecharms from Dishonored's Daud DLC and there is a new bonecharm crafting mechanism which makes bonecharms more worthwhile. Unfortunately Strong Arms the charm I wanted to develop the most is currently glitched. Unless I'm missing something there isn't an inventory panel to show how much money or which upgrades I have etc which is strange (probably so a different screen can be accessed with a console controller). I take a stealth approach and the exploration is fun. I'm also particularly enjoying finding ways to rob Black Market shopsOverall this is a good game well worth playing with all the freedom of the first but I don't think it is groundbreaking and the port is poor. I think the best Dishonored is neither of the main games but the Daud DLC - Knife of Dunwall and Brigmore Witches (which introduce Delilah).Edit: The further I get into the game the more bugs I'm finding (Arc Pylon you can't disable in Clockwork Mansion etc) and the more inexplicable fps drops I'm hitting ( Royal Conservatory interior etc). I've therefore changed my recomendation to ""no"" until it is fixed properly."
,Recommended,403640,26653146,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,z0rch,actually pretty good
,Not Recommended,403640,26532644,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,CaptainSock,"Overall: 8/10 for gameplay and 5/10 story; 4/10 for poor PC optimization. I will be hopeful and assume that they will fix the technological issues.Edit: the update did not fix the optimization problems; in fact, they may be even worse. This is, without a doubt, the biggest technological failure I've ever witnessed in a well-funded PC game."
76561198026236139,Recommended,403640,26532800,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Regen752,"Release Version/1.1: Unplayable due to performance unless you're inside a building.Patch 1.2: Game is playable for me, but still random frame drops here and there. My computer is fairly powerful so I'd say it's still not acceptable.Patch 1.3: Performance improved alot. Occasional bugs here and there but overall improved alot and is playable for me (using i7 3770k 3.4ghz, AMD R9 295x2 8GB, 16GB RAM). Changing review to positive."
,Not Recommended,403640,26547164,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,ScrewLuix,"Game still runs like crap on my system after a month, I hate companies that charge £40 for a game, release the game poorly ported, then 2 weeks after purchase put the game on sale for £20. DON'T BUY IT"
76561198023964113,Recommended,403640,27546718,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,cjbarger,"Game runs good on fullscreen borderless & adaptive resolution with quality mode in very high & FXAA settings, maintain an mostly solid 60 fps by the way I have an GTX 1080 graphics card."
76561198119596355,Recommended,403640,31415891,Posted: 28 April,all,Cow McBeef,Buy it.
,Recommended,403640,31566331,Posted: 5 May,all,ŁoganĢoesPlaceş,"First off, I guess I won the lottery because I never had any performance issues.  And my machine is mediocre at best.I am a huge fan of Dishonored and this iteration didn't let me down.  If the game was nothing but going around and reading all of the content strewn about the levels, that would be enough for me.  I would say that I feel like the first game lasted a bit longer, but this was still satisfying.The new game mechanics (Emily's powers, bone charm crafting, New Game+ which enables you to roll over your finds from a previous play through... and use both characters powers) were well thought out and added a lot of potential opportunities to solve problems in new ways.I'm currently going through my 3rd play through as Emily going for Clean Hands & Ghost.  I've already done a standard Emily play through with High-ish Chaos and a Corvo play through without powers on Low Chaos.  I will probably do a 4th where I just rampage through everything like a demon.Each time through I found things I had missed and new ways to get around the level.  I'm continuously impressed with this series and it really is a shame that launch was so rough; because this is a pure gem."
76561198075135885,Recommended,403640,31592421,Posted: 6 May,all,ozzy281078,"GREAT GAME I ABSOLUTELY LOVED IT,NOT AS GOOD AS THE 1ST ONE THOUGH"
,Recommended,403640,32759572,Posted: 25 June,all,bangableoiltycoon,"So far I'm really enjoying it. Playing as Emily, her dialogue-to-self can be a bit melodramatic at times and that's annoying, but the graphics are great, powers are fun, and there are even more mechanics in place to give the player greater variety in playing methods. Great cast variety in characters, too, which is refereshing!"
76561197969195728,Recommended,403640,26603295,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,archipelago,"Edit: The game has been patched a lot now and I can run it without graphical glitches, albeit at slightly lower settings than I would have liked. The game itself is a masterpiece though! incredible world and gameplay, I recommend playing on iron mode (permadeath).I dont want to give this game a bad review, but the PC port is just not where it should be. The 4 hours I've played have been great except for the performance and a graphical bug where objects turn black after playing for a couple of minutes. I'm considering getting a refund but I hope the game gets some good performance patches soon."
,Recommended,403640,33610549,Posted: 17 July,all,Prohollands,"As good as the first, maybe better due to the replayability. Still horribly optimized but still looks good on low/med settings."
,Recommended,403640,33493005,Posted: 12 July,all,MaisterWizard,"Ughhhhhhh!!! this game is so perfect why does it have to end so soon. granted I beat the game in 23 hours just taking my time and enjoying the game in its self but the storyline brings a tear to my eye.This is one game Bethesda Softworks actually made me feel great inside. It is fallout 3 all over again. if you are looking for a game to sit back and relax with,this is the one I highly recommend its a 9.5/10 for me."
,Recommended,403640,33494281,Posted: 12 July,all,VeteranSuperstaR,"A true masterpiece. The gameplay is refreshingly FUN with crazy amount of ways to play to suit every player's taste.Nostalgia of the original with improved AI, Stable perfomance, amazing graphics and stunning artwork.This game has a character of its own. Recommended for Dishonored veterans and newcommers alike. You will not be dissappointed."
,Recommended,403640,33495584,Posted: 12 July,all,Pan!c,"I'm pretty obsessive about Dishonored as a franchise so I'm definitely biased. That being said...While the story is less nuanced, I think that literally everything else has been improved upon.Pros:- Things feel tighter and snappier- Animations are better and more fluid- There are more options for how to complete objectives- Plenty of side missions and ""special actions"" which help add a lot of depth to the lore and world-building- Moral choice isn't quite as binary as the first game and has a lot of interesting, more subtle changes to situationsCons:- Story is a lot less nuanced/more straightforward- Can't disable autosaves which may ♥♥♥♥ up/overwrite your quicksavesTL;DR - Buy it if you liked the first game.P.S. Anyone who says the game is too short is just running through the game the quickest and easiest way possible. You're cheating yourself out of a lot of depth if you just breeze through it. I'd recommend doing a high chaos and low chaos playthrough simultaneously to really experience everything. Protip: Corvo is better for low chaos and Emily is more suited to high chaos."
,Recommended,403640,33496430,Posted: 12 July,all,miniUsername,"Brilliant game, as good as the first one if not better. I've played in july, and haven't expirienced any technical issues that I have heard about.A couple words to explain why I found the game to be great:- Maps feel very dense, exploration is fun, there are little stories and loot hidden in every corner.- Playthrough is even more flexible than it was in the first game. For some it might be an issue, because sometimes there are so many paths that the game feels easy.- Stealth and combat are fun, some enemies are very interesting when you first meet them.- There is that one level, you'll know when you see it. Game is worth it just for that experience.- It is a long entertainment. I spent 30 hours for just one playthrough, and I'm certainly going for at least one more.The only upsetting part is that the heart has  almost no phrases recorded for it. That's literally it, wouldn't change anything else."
,Recommended,403640,33508995,Posted: 13 July,all,SH,"Just love Dishonered 2. Good at video, audio and stories. Your actions decide your end."
,Recommended,403640,30479512,Posted: 12 March,all,Chrysalis,"Well with my new rig (including a 1070 gb) I was able to run the game on ultra settings (Not quite, I turned off FXAA/anti/and ramped down water effects just to make sure it was smooth enough to not have any lag spikes at all)I was able to do 100fps pretty steadily. But this also includes a i7 7700k 4.2 and 32gb fo ram. So, there's some compounding factors here.performance wasn't an issue on the 1070 but, any lower and you're asking for serious trouble like what I had the first time I bought the game (when I had a 980 8gb and that thing got curb stomped)I still have a lot to go before I can experience the full game, as I've only just now completed my emily playthrough.But jesus christ, I want to say. Emilys powers are easily the worst in any dishonored characters line up. Her ""far reach"" has a habit of flinging you across rooms to your death, or just straight up not working at all. Sometimes it will say it will climb you up on something, but instead it lets you fall to your death even if you aimed it properly.Her other abilities are completely lacking I found 0 use for any of them except the ""extra stealth"" mode (don't know the name of it) where she becomes a tiny gremlin. That one was okay for some situations. The rest are completely useless.If you are only ever going to play through the game once, play it as corvo. His abilites are far better than emilys. I know all my playthroughs after this are going to be nothing but corvo. I will never use that girls horrible ""pull me to my death"" I mean ""far reach"" again."
,Recommended,403640,33436389,Posted: 10 July,all,Bruce Turnbull csgogem.com,good
76561197988629566,Recommended,403640,33506593,Posted: 13 July,all,Orca9999,"I like this game but it is not the masterpiece the reviews made it out to be.Pro:1. Great combat, and stealth mechinisms, I really enjoy stealth games and this one has a lot of the old ""Theif"" game feel to it.2. Good looking world, the details are cool and the settings really feel immersive.3. Combat is smooth and fun.4. Some of the level designs are fantastic.Cons:1. Background chatter is limited and it get's annoying to hear the same things said over and over by different NPCs.2. The levels, although some are quite complex are very small in scope.3. The use of the bloodfly's really seams like a tacked on idea, which fell falt.4. The story is very recycled.5. The more important NPCs are mostly jsut annoying.6. The cutscenes ratio to gameplay is way to high. I just wanted them to stop talking! Really this game could have had no cutsenes and told the story much more interestingly, more like Bioshock.7. Most powers were useless.8. A lot of the mechanisms seem like an add-on, as if there was some executive saying ""we need to add crafting (bone chipes), we need to have colectables (runes and bones), We need to have... and detract from gameplay significantly. If I were trying to regain my throne, I would not be crawling all over a town trying to collect stuff from hidden corners and such.9. The game was very heavy handed if you choose to kill over non-leathal. Constant ""your as bad as the murderer who took your throne"" type things. Regardles that I only ever killed my direct enemys and the troops that supported the coup.  On this note the game is a bit to heavy handed with the macabre.10. Many great ideas (the clockwork anamatronics for example) were never developed.11. Can we PLEASE stop with the stupid 'alrenate' places where we have floating land masses. It has become so overused it is just annoying. We see it with everything from drug trips, to getting knocked out, to the 'void' in this game.I did not experience any technical difficulties a and hit the 60FPS the whole game.Overall it is a 7/10 for me."
,Recommended,403640,33506927,Posted: 13 July,all,Tsume,"Its just like the first game (which is good) but with a better story, level, upgrades. abilities and charactors. The only Critique on the game is that it runs like a toddler on a treadmill.Overall its more of the good stuff from the first game"
76561198333652368,Recommended,403640,33372219,Posted: 8 July,all,A+shiram,갓겜
76561198054257940,Recommended,403640,33403367,Posted: 9 July,all,Zedek,"WOW, I am having a blast!! Emily is a badass!I finished D1 at 5PM on high chaos and dove into D2 at 9 PM (All German download servers were slow as heck...)And, I fell in love already in the main menu! This game has improved on EVERYTHING but still sticks to its roots. You feel home yet every press of a button does a thing more than before. This is the best sequel without disappointments since SONIC 2 on the MegaDrive when Tails has been introduced.Dishonored 2 has been beefed-up and is even cooler than the first game without trying to be cool - it just is! The menu and HUD is clear, and we finally get a real options menu, statistics, a tutorial and such. As if the designers and developers were not so sure with D1 but got their well-deserved accolades. The result is that D2 is a game in a long time that I really enjoy playing by turning off all other things like TV and radio, close the window, get me a drink and focus on the game.~PERFORMANCE~I am still running my old Acer Predator. Built in 2012, its i7-3770, 16 GByte RAM and later added GTX970 are struggling hard at medium settings and 1080p. I heard it's a general problem, but the amount of random stutters are weird. I am about to upgrade to a 1080 anyways, and the game is playable indeed, but the hardware hunger is evident. Even though, the game looks very great on medium settings already.~STORY~Well, I am pretty fresh into the game, and to be honest, I don't care about the story. It has the same formula of ""I want revenge/justice"" and that's all I need. Whatever has to be done.~PLAYER CHARACTER~I did not care for a sequel of D1 until I finished it. When I first saw that young lady at the artworks, I was like ""is it really her?"" And yes, it's Emily. And THANK GOD, I CAN PLAY AS HER! I expected it to be some stupid BS like in Tomb Raider AoD where you are forced to switch between Lara and Curtis, but no, when the selection screen popped up and it would let me select Emily, I literally screamed in joy. After finishing D1 on High Chaos and saving Emily, I think it's time to take her path.This is a highly subjective topic, but I really love Emily. Her design, her attitude, her look and general visuals. She is smart and very attractive unlike the generic, overdrawn, big-titted bimbos you see in other games. Fighting for herself instead of letting her father Corvo do the job feels good and brings - yet again - this ""you all deserve your death"" feeling to it.~COMBAT~The combat has been improved a lot, mostly the different (read in: better) weapon feel and a more stylish, fast-paced combat. Instead of just swinging the blade like in D1, there is much more ""martial arts""-like fighting going on. Emily kicks men in the nuts, does judo chops to the chest to overwhelm people and has some more nasty finisher ready.Firing the pistol now feals like actually firing a projectile; in D1 it was more like an uncontrolled discharge of gunpowder, often missing point blank (!). You can also throw now people by grabbing them in a headlock but use the right trigger. Throwing a guard into a bunch of attackers is more fun than it sounds. In general, the game game became faster.Also, the damage behaviour changed a bit; dying is easier now, but health regernates quickly to 50% after a while. This makes it more intense and realistic, but also enemies do not survive that many hits anymore.~MOVEMENT~As ""THIEF(4)"" player I missed a fast-paced movement. In D2, it's there: Dashing over obstacles, banisters and such is finally possible, climbing and jumping works very well in a first-person view. Also: A bit faster than in D1.~ENEMIES/NPC~What I also enjoy much is the behaviour of the NPC, might they be hostile or civilians. The panic you can cause is funny and something D1 lacked in. In D1, enemies are like ""Huh?"", ""Heh?"", ""Uh?"". Here they are like ""What was that?!"" - ""A shot?"" -""Maybe, let's look"" and such stuff, the more guys alerted, the more chaos is going on. It's maybe just me, but I love to cause chaos like that, I did so in 2005 (Splinter Cell 3) and still like it. If the enemies are stoic as in D1, that does not work, here it's funny. Sometimes, the enemy also run away from you in panic, not sure yet whats the trigger for that. I once chased a screaming guard down as he ran just to shoot him in the back, that was refreshing compared to the over-confident machos in other games. Sniping down from a balcony and missing the shot will cause people to chase and other to throw rocks at me. It feels in general a bit more clever to fight than in the first game where a cluster♥♥♥♥ of guys just dance around you while letting you stab them.Civilians react fearful when you pose a threat (or steal money from their cash register) and will also regocnize you later on, causing guards to assault you. So it's up to you if you behave friendly or walk over dead bodies. Finally, they fear a spree killer assassin, which is human and makes the NPC less 2-dimensional.~GRAPHICS~The graphics and level design are top notch again, too bad many of the eye candy can't be turned off. E.g., glass looks great now with the light reflecting on the shards and the glass-like surface, but the sum of all this causes a high load for the GPU. Older systems, like mine, struggle. I wish I could turn off the lesser important things, but even on low, the game eats up ressources. For those who have the power, the game looks fantastic. I get already a glimpse on that on MEDIUM, can't wait to try in HIGH later after upgrading my rig.~AUDIO~The audio has much improved. I turn off music in all games (except for DooM and DooM II) but the ambient sound is great. Nothing super oustanding, but many improvements over the first game as well. E.g. a rock that has been thrown had just 1 sound effect on impact, now you can hear its knocking sounds when it's rolling behind you. Subtle details, but they add to the atmosphere. Weapon sounds are also improved.Emily (and maybe Corvo) talk during gameplay, finally something that I hated in D1. I am a person, I am the Empress and I have my feelings and thoughts about this situation. A guard, my former guard, that was about to kill me now is ""not worth the uniform he wears"" upon killing him. So she basically stated disgust; in D1, Corvo was all like ""whatever"". Screams in pain are now really audible which enhances the ""fight for life and death"" theme much better now. I often go like ""ouch, that hurt"", that includes the enemies but also Emilies own screams. As said, it feels much more like I am the actual player, not as passive anymore as in D1.There is a ""Headphone"" setting in the menu, I think it changes the stereo panning to maximum (e.g. reloading the pistol plays the sound not ""a bit left of the center"" anymore like in D1, but ""really to the left"" now, where the weapon is also displayed on-screen).~FIRST-PERSON IMMERSION~In D1, as I wrote in the review to that game, the first person view was super lackluster. The gameplay was stiff and unpleasent. Corvo's hands did not really move, nor his head, it felt like there are two plastic zombie hands on a stick in front of the camera, and said camera just hovered trough the levels. I can also still not see my feet in this game, what sucks, but the whole animations of the hands have improved much - thank god! I already talked about the fast-paced combat, and now I really see and feel that Emily is really fighting with power and passion, there is a reasonable head movement now, when kicking I can see my legs (yay!) and my sleeves when tossing people (or their bodies) around. Due to the better audio, the immersion is way, way better. With the fast gameplay and such, D2 finally has found the right balance of first person view and motion sickness :-)I could go on a lot more, but barely anyone nowadays reads more than a couple of lines, so, I make it short:Very, very well-spent money!! Emily is a baddass and the game is outstanding!"
76561197987123664,Recommended,403640,33415537,Posted: 9 July,all,Martial.Lore,"Go read the PC Gamer review! If you're too lazy to do that then heed this: Dishonored 2 reasonably improves on everything that made Dishonored great, except one thing. It's map levels. Yep. The maps....Dishonored 2's maps kick Dishonored out of the park. They are among the most intricate, beautiful, amazing maps I have ever explored. And the Grand Palace of Karnaca should win architectural awards. No, really. It should. Go buy the game and find out why."
,Recommended,403640,33008627,Posted: 29 June,all,LSA | ~On a Daily~,Another great game people say the game has bad frame issues and runs bad but i get a constant amount of fps over 100 and i don't know about you but if you're complaining about a constant amount of fps i think there's something wrong with you.. i get lower fps in the first game.. I wish this games story was a little longer but it's still great seeing more playable options and powers i really loved the quality in this game i think it's pretty great the style is really to my liking i hope this series of games go on because Dishonored is one of my favorite singleplayer stealth games by far!
,Recommended,403640,33480911,Posted: 12 July,all,Mr Gandarf,Good game but wait for a sale.
,Recommended,403640,33483707,Posted: 12 July,all,AgentSquid7,nicce and hard
76561197979622547,Recommended,403640,26520468,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,paul,"Very disappointing port. It's all been said before but the FPS are all over the place. It's not an enjoyable smooth fluent gaming experience, like Dishonored 1 was. The graphics look worse if anything so why the dropped FPS? Nothing looks sharp, its all a little blurred and dark, even when its not stuttering.  Tried all different settings, not much difference between any of them.A word of warning - If you use NVIDA geforce experience to optimise the settings, it may well fail to load, displaying only  blank screen. Reverting the settings does not fix, but deleting the cfg file in the saved games area does work.Update-----------I've added an extra 8GB RAM, and swapped my GTX 770 for a 1070 and wow! Even on ultra settings the game plays amazing.The polarising reviews make sense now. Bestheda need to address the mid-low range PC market so everyone can enjoy tis amazing game."
76561198062733194,Recommended,403640,26520604,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,dsr085,"Edit:Got it to work by deleting my settings file, and restarting computer, steam, and then game.Game was running okay in small areas, but when it opens up it went to < 30 FPS.Fixed that by disabling v-sync, and going to NVIDIA control panel > manage 3d settings > program settings > dishonored2 (I had to add it) > set maximum pre-rendered frames = 1.Now I am running at > 60 FPS at 1080. I am playing on a controller and the game seems pretty good. Can't really tell after only getting through 1 mission and a little exploring in the first really open mission.Because I was able to fix the performance stuff I feel comfortable saying that patches should get this to run the way it should be for most people.Pre Edit:Launches in wrong monitor, go to settings fix it. Shut it down and relaunch it to see if it took. Launches in wrong monitor again but just sits at a flickering black white screen.....Gave it a minute and got some stuttering noise too.WIndows 106700kgtx 107016gb ramWill change this once it actually runs....."
76561198042977776,Recommended,403640,26521665,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,jacobems,Bethesda fix your♥♥♥♥♥♥ Even high end rigs are having performance issues. I can't even get it to load the main menu. I will change my review at the point that the game is playable at 20-30 fps on my only slightly below par rig.EDIT: Much improved. Game runs at lowest settings with no problems now as opposed to not starting up whatsoever. My pc is slightly below min requirements so this is exactly what I expected. Great game so far. Thank you for patching it.
76561198097275080,Recommended,403640,26521684,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Germanium,Needs optimization but once you get that out of the way (look up fixes on reddit ect.) it's an amazing game.
76561198091619095,Not Recommended,403640,26522150,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,TillerMrAwesome,I like paying $60 to play early only to be treated to a nice freeze everytime I try to play the game.
,Recommended,403640,26526665,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,pavus,"EDIT: Now that the game doesn't run like absolute garbage anymore and I've finished around 70% of the game I feel like I should update my review, which will probably stay as it is unless something absolutely critical happens in the rest of the gane.The simple answer here is that the game is a masterpiece. It doesn't matter whether you play high chaos Emily or low chaos Corvo - Dishonored 2 is ridiculously fun to play. The plot is interesting and follows up nicely on the DLCs of the first game, the world looks absolutely gorgeous, the gameplay feels far better than the already incredible one of the first game, and all the choices you make in the entire game make me want to explore all the different possibilities in what I hope will be multiple future playthroughs.Anyway, I'm in love and I'll go back to playing"
76561198058878989,Not Recommended,403640,26505154,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,lynxonicus,"UPDATE***This has been the most up and down experience, certain areas are fine, still something feels so off, both with mouse + keyboard/ xbox one controller.In ourdoor areas ive had to rely on glitching to ledges to avoid mobs because if i was to try properly stealth with unstable FPS i wouldn't have a hope.I'm disgusted with this release, i'm disgusted with the patch time. I have tried every way possible to play this and cannot be ♥♥♥♥ed until they admit and fix their faults. I give consideration to small devs with issues, not to Bethesda who have money oozing from every oraphace.Decided to drag the Ol' tower over to my 4K tv to playDishonored tonight upon release, didn't expect major fps but thought I could tweak the settings enough to get it running smoothly.""Pc specs;I5 6600k 3.5ghz  - OC @ 3.9gh/z to test out performance with this game, still sucks.16gb ddr4 Kingston ram.Nvidia 1070 gpu. Did a small stable OC and got no benefit, reverted back to factory OC.Sammy SSD.Well, that seems not the case, initially had it going at 50 fps, ultra 4K in the tutorial, jumped for joy. Soon moved onto a more so intensive area and decided to start dropping my settings, nothing made a major difference, because at no point was this going to be stable enough to play.Thought screw it, I'll play it 1920x1080 and be satisfied, well on ultra I'm getting 45 and below fps, when just simply running can dip to 10fps and you all know that's unplayable haha.I've updated my nvidia driver, which claims it has optimisation already for dishonored, (cannot get the game to scan in it)I'll be honest I've even gone to the extent of dropping the major performance settings right down and still getting horrible performance.My vsync is off for obvious reasons using the tv. I'm not running hbao, even tried adaptive resolution *shudders*.This is gonna need a big patch, I complained on mafia 3's release of a 30fps lock, but damn least I could play it haha!Had my hopes a little to high for this, after playing dishonored on 360 back in the day and loving every moment of it, guess I've stayed up for nothing lol.Please fix asap!, $80 usd isn't something an Aussie just throws at!Will change review when I can play this stable!"
,Recommended,403640,26591647,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,burningmime,"EDIT: I changed this review to a ""like"" since they patched the technical problems. Overall, Dishonored 2 was not as good as the first game, but is still an extremely solid and memorable game with a cool setting, great level design, and different ways to tackle every situation. Absiolutely recommended for anyone who enjoys this style of game."
,Recommended,403640,28302987,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Leandersci,"They fixed most of the launch problems, so I can now play this game at a reasonable quality level and framerate.Great game. If You liked Dishonored you will probably like this too. Fun cobat and stealth mechanics, combined with beautiful open ended levels, bring us probably the best stealth expiriance of 2016.I didnt recomend this before because of the performance issues that plauged the game at launch, but now everything is A.O.K, so go enjoy your adventures galavanting around Karnaka."
76561197976734701,Recommended,403640,31210250,Posted: 17 April,all,Cayo,"I was put off by all the negative reviews about proformancre and crashes but get Dishonored 2 in March anyway.  I am running Win 10 64 bit, Intel i5 6402P at 2.8 Ghz with 16 Gb of ram and a Nvidia GTX 950 with the setting set a medium.  Yes, I agree that the loading time can be slow but the game ran perfect for me, no crashes or low frame rates.  I have played as Emily and Corvo.  Some of the maps seem small but  there are some that are huge.  Gong to do more exploring and learning the new powers.   Great game."
76561198071642308,Recommended,403640,30316271,Posted: 4 March,all,BazingaBye,"One of the best game I have played. The chapters 7 and 8 are extraordinary. Not simple at the beginning, but after few minutes it's shinny."
76561197984332189,Recommended,403640,31203277,Posted: 17 April,all,Hom Tanks,"Enjoyable enough to recommend it at less than x < 20 euros/dollars.Not a memorable story, but entertaining gameplay. Around 7/10. Meh.Feels like a fast-food game."
76561198116830955,Recommended,403640,31348397,Posted: 24 April,all,Carolus Rex,"Firstly I strongly recommend that before you buy the game you try the FREE DEMO almost all of the negative reviews are from people that were unable to play due to technical difficulties at the start.I preordered the game and I was not able to run it on my lower end computer so I upgraded just about everything as I simply love Dishonored so much. Initially I did face some very visible lower framerate but they were able to patch most of that it seems especially the speed at which you turn depending on FPS (which is always not great for me but I am used to that)For the actual product, I have over 700 hours in the first game and expect to get almost as much out of this game especially with the New Game+ meaning that you can have all powers and keep all blueprints.Just about everything I loved from the first game has been carried on into this game from the first and many have even been improved upon such as upgrading powers, smarter and more complex AI, more choices and effects on the story by your actions, more nonlethal ways to take out enemies, they integrated the stun mine from Brigmore witches (wish they used the choke dust instead of howling darts though), overall this does not fail and is on par with Dishonored 1 as the best game I have ever played and the ones I have most enjoyed.Perhaps the only four things I would want more out of this game are as listed:A verbal comment from Corvo or Emily upon hearing Daud's speach from the previous DLC, I just found it weird that Corvo and Emily find out the role Daud had in not only imprisoning Delilah in the void, but also in saving Emily and truly showing that he had been honest to Corvo about not wanting to kill anymore.The first game had a DLC called the Dunwall city trials which were a series of challenges that focused on different things such as stealth, speed, creativity, or sheer killing ability. I very much liked those as they added much more replayability and also had rankings for all across the world ( last time I played I was 52 in the Back Alley Brawl) I would hope that they would add this as a future DLC as it was very fun to me and Emily's new powers have not been tried as rigorously as Corvo's yet.Thirdly is Daud, Billie Lurke, and the Whalers. In the end credits it talks of Meagan Foster going into the shadows and Billie Lurke emerging to find the closest thing to her as family and as well shows her old mask and knife. I would love if this were to lead to a DLC where Billie Lurke was to search out for the aged Daud and the remaining members of the Whalers to bring them back together in a less violent way.And lastly is the ending to the game, the outsider from Dishonored 1 is better than the one we have in Dishonored 2, from what I understant the people at Bethesda and Arkane distanced themselves from the old outsider due to some controversy but I still miss the voice of the outsider and this is shown even more at the end credits where he just does not sound good, it might just be the script but ending in the original made you feel good. This might also have to do with the song, ""Honor for All"" from the first one is not a bad song and fits very well for the ending, the way the music gets to start with the piano and the outsider talking is outright ♥♥♥♥♥♥ic. But in the second one the music does not start until the end and is not a very good song, I might have been spoiled by the ending in the Original but the one here is pretty empty."
,Recommended,403640,31365509,Posted: 25 April,all,Ryan Strudfelt,"I am actually very pleased with this game, the subtle changes in the karma system just made the world feel that much more alive! I think Emily's blink type ability ""Far Reach"" is very awkward to use however, seeing as you can only pull your self to a flat surface.8.6/10 Would happily pay full price"
,Recommended,403640,31364377,Posted: 25 April,all,VSOP::Bulls3y3,"I love this game. It's clever and challenging if you're looking to finish it on low chaos (and perhaps more plain hack 'n slash if you are in full attack mode). If you enjoyed the original Dishonered you really can't go wrong with this sequel. The atmosphere, the storyline and the gameplay are all as good as, if not better than the original.The game might be heavy on your system though. I run the game on a (not so new ;-) ) rig with an  i7 3770k and a 970GTX graphics card. I do get the occassional hick-ups, where the frame rate drops to a heavy stutter even though I run the game only medium graphic setting. To be honest though, it did not bother me that much. Even on medium settings the game still looks amazing."
,Recommended,403640,31383058,Posted: 26 April,all,wasizzname,"Love this as much if not a bit more than the first one 10/10.And to all the people going on about it being poorly optimised, I'm running this on ultra with an i5-4460, 8gb ram and a GTX 960. Hit 60fps most of the time, only dropping slightly when theres alot of enemies and even then not enough to diminish my enjoyment of the game."
,Recommended,403640,26559021,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,the huntman,"I have completed two playthroughs of this game. I have played as both characters and finished with low chaos and high chaos. I can say whole-heartedly that this is a fantastic game. I experienced no graphical issues and the game ran very fine as I played. The story is rich and the devs really took their time fleshing out the world they created. Playing as both Corvo and Emily doesn't feel like the same game. The interactions recieved from other characters to both Emily and Corvo are completely different, making it feel like a totally different game. This is hands down my favorite AAA game of 2016."
76561198177002086,Recommended,403640,26521522,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Freaty Clalk,"A huge disappointment the game is, as if it's how games are supposed to be these days. Extremely poor optimization, severe framerate drop, everything is ruined...I consider it a failure despite the game's spectacular stealth, combat, story or any other bit that built up the franchise's glory, nevertheless ruined by Arkane's slackness towards players' experience.The review will be modified if these issues are fixed.Edited: found a way to balance the performance and graphics decently, so now I'm able to enjoy the game normally. Despite it's still poorly optimized, I'm gonna give it a positive rating for the game itself being a masterpiece.Edited: okay, now the game is well-optimized, after zillions of patches. The developers are surely putting their heart into this, so well done Arkane, but next time plz polish your work before releasing it."
76561198037437943,Recommended,403640,31537026,Posted: 4 May,all,TheyCallMeJohnWick,"It's a good game. Not the best looking game but it is one of the funner AAA games.If you have played the first game, play as Emily or else it just feels like DLC."
,Recommended,403640,31574317,Posted: 5 May,all,BlankCzech,"Pros:Very fun and well made. It has 2 or 3 additional playthroughs you can reasonably do, and the no powers mode allows you to really appreciate the jumping puzzles that you could miss if you just used blink instead. There is enough variety of combat to make the game interesting, and the ai cannot be hacked down as easily as the first game. The overall story is ok, but the world is really interesting in the local environment.Cons:Denevo (not trying to make a point, it just adds about a minute onto the time it takes to launch the game).The time it takes to launch the game is about 2-3 minutes, loading times can be a minute if you don't have a ssd (5 seconds if you do). The game looks amazing, but sadly it runs horribly. The mininmum specs are very high, and you probably will not get to have any settings above medium-low.Should you buy it?Yes. Despite being as buggy as other bethesda games, it was overall a good game (now that the major hardware problems that should have never existed were fixed). I would say it is worth $40, and was well worth it (that's what I got it on sale for)."
,Recommended,403640,26531341,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Mordant221,"Here are my specs: Win 10, 6700K, GTX 1070, 16GB DDR4 @3000MHz, 2TB SSHD.I put down my specs because despite exceeding the recommended requirements, the game still doesn't work. Made me sick the minute I stepped out of the tower. Tried playing for a few more minutes, hoping it'd go away but it just made me more nauseous.I'm gonna wait a bit and hope this issue gets patched, if it does I'll edit this and give a proper review.EDIT: Now that it works, amazing game. Though the story and ending(s) have much to be desired, the game itself is great fun. For the visuals, they are stunning, and the voice work and music are also done well.If you enjoyed Dishonored 1, you'll love the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of it's sequel. I highly recommend it."
,Recommended,403640,31569843,Posted: 5 May,all,dances with woolite,"I liked this game more than I thought I would, I think even better than the first one. On the one hand it's the same formula (tried & true), but they've certainly refined it. Upsides:- Great architecture and level design.- The Clockwork Mansion (especially) and Crack in the Slab were very creative and unexpected.- Lots of content and collectibles, and lots of different ways to play.Downsides:- It's pretty easy unless you're going for like full mercy, and then it's mostly annoying because of random deaths. Fun to do for one level with quicksave, for sure.- Some of the powers are pretty useless. It's fun to collect stuff, but I ended up using just a handful.- Story was not as clean as the first one, but still way more coherent than most first-person shooters."
76561198033223353,Recommended,403640,31579509,Posted: 6 May,all,MagnusScriptor,"Well done! Very much enjoyed my first run through the game and I'll likely do a replay to explore some of the other powers and play options. Enjoyed the story and atmosphere. The graphic artists did a fantastic job with rendering the world. I appreciate all the talent needed for a great title like this. Contrary to some of the reviews I read the game ran perfectly fine for me, totally smooth frame rates and beautifully rendered  (my PC is a newer box as of 2017 though and fairly high-end)."
76561198065005000,Recommended,403640,31641400,Posted: 9 May,all,DS_32,"Only complaint is content, took me 24 hours to do a low chaos and high chaos playthrough. If i were to get all the trophies id probably add about 5 more hours to that. Story is good, mechanics are more polished than the original dishonored. Recommend if its on sale, i dont know about a 60 dollar game."
,Recommended,403640,26602556,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Crustie,"PROS:Gameplay is amazing very well done.The lore and story is expanded for the better.New playable characters and powers.Black Market stores are an amazing new addition because you can rob them aswell.New stealth system and mechanics to hostile NPC's.Different animations, feeling and powers for both characters so it doesnt feel like you're playing the same person with a different voice.Art style is a more HD version of the last game with better lighting thanks to the void engine (named after the ingame void, I like it) but I'm not a fan of the location its set in compared to dunwall.The story is a lot better than the first one.Every aspect of the game is realistic (there are water stains on the wall from past floods, bloodflies appear in places depending on if you play low/high chaos).Combat is changed for the better, you can now block projectiles (if you bought that upgrade with runes), Blink and kick someone into a wall or object and also throw people with Emily's ""Far Reach"" ability.A lot of the missions are unique and not rince and repeat situations (*cough* *cough* hitman) for example Stilton's Manor you can run in guns blazing and change time for the worse or you could run in stealthily and knock out stilton preventing him from seeing Delilah's rebirth and causing him to renovate his manor and help you in future missions.New Game+ Adds a LOT more replay ability to the game allowing you to combine both Emily and Corvo's powers!Great level design and placement collectibles are addictive, anything that has a white outline on I have to click F on.CONS:Game is still poorly optimised after being launched almost half a year ago.City is very different from dunwall which I like but I also wanted dunwall :(Game is very buggy for example Stilton's Manor, knock out stilton and go through his house in the present time, break into his office (that is locked away in the past) after trying to exit you are locked out as you can not travel to the present and are locked inside of it.Gameplay is very nice (combat wise) but running and turning is very clunky whatever you do it just feels like your character is moving in a direction sprinting while turning is also very badWherever you go even when allied with the Howlers or the Abbey they always seem so on edge or suspicious all I hear while walking around is ""what was that!"" or ""something's over there"" even bumping into someone causes them to all try and kill youYou can get killed at ANY time no matter what (in combat ovcourse) if you are killing someone mid animation you can get hit and can't do anything about it, grabbing someone to either knock them unconscious or get there friend to kill them can get you killed (while you are grabbing them).Game is EXTREMELY easy on normal difficulty if you have all the good upgrades and know how to fight (while it is fun people need a challenge)Game feels very rushed I know the origional Dishonored had 9 missions but they lasted from all of the collectibles and side quests (I know this game has 10 missions but most of them do not have side quests the collectibles kind of make up for that) I was kinda hoping to talk to that woman in the addermire institute to get her some medicine for her children but instead she just gets knocked out and leftGame was released undone and caused it to get a LOT of bad reviews which it does not deserve but they felt pressured to release it because they added a date the moment they announced it.OVERALL:This game is amazing and extremely fun I hope to see some DLC that does not cost the price of the game but also has some good content, maybe some dunwall DLC to make up for the lack of the city in this game? I hope the best for this game!8/10"
76561198153119853,Recommended,403640,30209996,Posted: 26 February,all,heretic,"It's like Dishonored 1 but better gameplay and has it's own setting. Not gonna lie, this is one of my favorite games."
,Recommended,403640,31288680,Posted: 21 April,all,†<CC>< Bits Wont Byte,"I've not yet finished my first playthrough, I'm about 15 hours in on Hard.  I may not be very (at all) good at games like this, but I am enjoying this just as much if not more than the first game.  There are DEFINITELY some optimization problems, the lighting occasionally freaks out, sometimes with the npcs that play music... they forget how.  It runs relatively well for me, aside from one random crash.  I am enjoying the games mechanics and the choices that you have.  You can be a silent ghost, or a murder machine, or somewhere in between.  The Bonecharm crafting system is very nice, compliments the choice of playstyle even more.I would not buy this game at the full $60 price, that's just a silly amount of money for a game, no matter how polished.  But when this comes on sale (as it did recently for the free trial), definitely consider it if you liked the original Dishonored.  If you didn't care for Dishonored, don't bother, it is more of the same (which is great if you enjoyed it)Update:5/21: I've now run through 3 playthroughs, onces as Emily with a mxied stealth/comabt.  One as Corvo the merciless and once as Corvo, the friendly ghost.  This has taken me about 40 hours to do.  Not sure if there will be much replay value in the future..  None the less, this was a great game, very well done.  I still see -some- performance issues, but over all it ran well for me.  I am now counting the days until Dishonored 3 / DLC for this game."
,Recommended,403640,33065393,Posted: 30 June,all,Revollete,Too awesome!! Unstopable multiple playthrough.
76561197971244937,Recommended,403640,33055343,Posted: 30 June,all,AbSlayer,Fun game only problem is CRASH CRASH time after time
,Recommended,403640,33167379,Posted: 2 July,all,seab,"Dishonored 2 is a wonderful expansion on the first game, but with all its pros, it does have a few downsides compared to the first, and for me, mainly the atmosphere is what bothered me. Standalone, Dishonored 2 has an excellent setting and feel to it, but if you came for the same feel of the first game, you might be a bit dissappointed like I was.  In the first, It's as if you are exploring a dying city, with the threat of the rat plague being common, and real, because you're surrounded by it and you see the effects of it. The game is depressing, but in a really intriguing way. Dishonored 2 on the otherhand, is much more bright, the location is livelier, and the plague that replaces the rat plague feels like it's hardly there, just being in a few secluded houses, like quarantines. I would 100% recommend playing the first, then moving to this one.The level I enjoyed the most (with one exception) is the last one, because it feels like the first game.TL;DR: I enjoyed the first game more because of the gloomy and dark atmosphere of it, rather than the brighter and livelier feel of the second. I recommend playing the first, then the second (Do not skip the first!!!)"
76561198131261540,Recommended,403640,33164819,Posted: 2 July,all,naapi,this game so amazing
,Recommended,403640,33164316,Posted: 2 July,all,He who has many deaths,"If you enjoy ""thief likes"" its a good game with plenty of replayability and wonderful art direction. That being said, I live in a tropical climate (Hawaii) so the swarms of giant mosquitos are ♥♥♥♥ing terrifying."
,Recommended,403640,33687234,Posted: 20 July,all,JeanDagenais,Good game !
,Recommended,403640,33686877,Posted: 20 July,all,STRANGER,"An enthralling adventure. The game flows seamlessly with any playable style. (Sneaky stealth with supernatural powers, sneak stealth with no powers, murderous hate-filled murdering with powers, murderous hate-filled murdering without powers.) It not only makes you feel invested in the characters and story, but rewards you generously and consistently for doing so. So that if you decide to change your play style, it can continue its impressive pacing.This game is a magical concoction consisting of the perfect proportions between rewarding, challenging, and motivating. It motivates with mystery, and intense, well-contrived, stories. It challenges with equally well-thought-out level designs, enemy designs, and difficult character choices (Like whether you want more supernatural skills or something less important like more health.)  And, best of all, it subtly tricks you into feeling rewarded every step of the way."
,Recommended,403640,33683729,Posted: 20 July,all,towo,"A good continuation of the series as well as a good standalone title, although it pays having played the first game.If you like to stealth it out, this game is excellent. If you're more for the direct action approach, it's good as well - but the combat system is slanted against the player in fights of multiple people with medium+ difficulty."
,Recommended,403640,33683417,Posted: 20 July,all,Sledge,"Arkane does it again.  It has all the features of Dishonored 1.  It has a good story.  You have the ability to play it as you wish:  a bloodthirsty maniac or a super-ninja ethereal as the darkness.  Just buy it already.Added was the ability to craft runes and charms.  I think the implementation was a little OP.  In one of my playthroughs, I purchased all the skills in the crafting power.  From there I could craft a charm with four of the same powers.  Choking out a guard took a split second.  I could give myself large boosts in walking speed or breath-holding.  If I ever replay it, I probably will withhold from getting that skill tree again.And no one will fault you if you try to do a stealth/no-kill playthrough and savescum.  It's almost a requirement."
,Recommended,403640,33683014,Posted: 20 July,all,Crais,"Every bit as good as the first one. The ""play how you want"" or whatever they're calling it is MUCH more subte than it was in Deus Ex. Scouting around was rewarding.Play on at least HARD difficulty if you enjoy stealth and are familiar with playing an FPS. I can't stress this enough. Anthing less and the enemy threats are trivial, making the method of progress you pick a lot less meaningful"
,Recommended,403640,33540014,Posted: 14 July,all,Tsukuya,"EDIT: Running the betapatch version of the game solved the crashing issues. Changing the review to recommended to reflect this.The game crashes in the second cutscene. If I skip the cutscene, I get to see the character select screen for a split second before the game crashes again. It is unfortunately completely unplayable for me."
,Recommended,403640,33553837,Posted: 15 July,all,Vampfire,"I highly recommend you try Dishonored 2! Give it a shot - whether you've played the first game or not.PROS:+ Variety of playstyles - stealthy, chaotic or a mix of both+ Detailed environment and attention to detail+ Challenging AI and puzzles+ Room for exploration and treasure-hunting+ Good voice acting and narration+ Good replay value+ Sound effects and music are decent+ Plot was alright, but extra notes and lore add flavor to itCONS:- Few glitches here and there, but nothing game-breaking- Civilians have a late reaction to you popping up in front of them- Teleporting with Far Reach/Blink on some platforms is annoyingOTHER THOUGHTS:- The plot revealing the main antagonist Delilah Copperspoon did not build enough hatred/animosity for me (unlike the Lord Regent in the first game) to actually hate her. In fact, they made the plot so that Delilah was seen as more like a victim of fate and misfortune, turned twisted by all that happened to her. This made forgiving her less of an emotional struggle.- The non-lethal ending wasn't too satisfying for me (Emily playthrough). I was hoping the main antagonist would at least be there to witness everything set right and the kingdom brought to its former glory.- Some people complain of issues with the PC port, but I didn't experience any except for a very few graphical hiccups here and there."
76561198070458429,Recommended,403640,33587289,Posted: 16 July,all,Deezee,"Fantastic game, great stealth and action gameplay.  Wonderful voicing for the actors with a very strong story.  Really keeps you anchored to the world."
76561198083148911,Recommended,403640,33577492,Posted: 15 July,all,Adriangordon,"all round(story, gameplay, combat...) better than the first game. if you liked the first game you'll love this."
76561197982282927,Recommended,403640,33577374,Posted: 15 July,all,Mad Mike,"I stayed away from Dishonored 2 for a while due to what I had heard of the optimization problems. Now that we've had some patches I can stay without a doubt this is a great and enthralling game. The grim dark world we wanted to know more of in the first game is more deeply explored. The combat is visceral and exciting, and the powers are smoother than ever. If you're fan of stealth games, steam(whale)punk, Lovecraft, or just a Dishonored 1 fan give this a try."
76561198015566512,Recommended,403640,33442501,Posted: 10 July,all,NaNoz,"What an amazing game.Finished it once in low-chaos, going through ng+ high-chaos, and i'm still so much entertained.. (ng+ mode is dope.)The level design is fantastic: areas are different, atmosphere is tangible and ur eyes will be so pleased by the looks of the environment around you... The entire world is really well crafted.Both Dishonored games are part of the ""must play"" list.Too bad both the protagonists don't talk much. I'd have really liked them to express a lot more about what was going on around them, or even about what u read in all the papers scattered around the world.[I can't really tell about lags or any kind of bad performances. I didn't have any.Still, i got a 1060 GTX.]"
,Recommended,403640,33444027,Posted: 10 July,all,Cory in the House,"Dishonored 2 is, firstly, an excellent sequel to an excellent game. It does what it should as a sequel, the way I see it. It improves upon the mechanical complexity of the original, while not robbing it of what made it fun and unique in the first place, and gives an excellent continuation of the story. The game is graphically bounds better than the original's muddy textures and basic effects. This is a modern game, built on a modified IdTech engine, the one that ran DOOM 2016 so it does look great. If you liked the original Dishonored, I would describe its sequel as a must-play.Of course, it's not perfect and before I get into the larger reasons of why I think Dishonored 2 is an excellent game, I'm going to describe what could turn you off. Firstly, it's a technical mess. I mean, it's much more technically impressive than the original Dishonored, but in contrast to the original, this game runs terribly. I've got a decent setup (FX-8370, RX 480, 16GB of RAM) but even at the lowest settings the game loved to dip to 30 FPS or so. That said, at high settings, it was maintaining near or at 60 the majority of the time, but framerate fluctuation at all is a problem because of the way mouse sensitivity is bound to framerate. Luckily, the game's relatively slow pace when playing stealthily, as you should, means it's not unplayable when it dips.To add to the game's technical woes, I witnessed visual bugs all the time, some z-fighting here, some shadow pop-in there, lighting applying incorrectly at times, a bad texture seam, etc. It's not like every level is riddled with these but on my two seperate playthroughs I noticed them in the same places so it's clearly an issue with the game. As for other bugs, there are thankfully few. Sure, the AI can be wonky at times, and when that happens it can be quite distracting, but I personally wasn't that bothered with it.Truthfully, those were my main gripes with the game. It looks great, it plays great, the level design is amazing, the story is genuinely intriguing. It's just a great game.As for the gameplay, if you've played the original Dishonored, you likely know exactly what to expect. You're given a box of toys and are told you can use them however you like to accomplish a fairly clear goal. If you'd like to go in sneakily, sparing everyone you see, that's a fairly easy thing to do. The non-lethal options for your targets are mostly interesting and inventive, often you could consider what's being done to these people as worse than death, just like in the original game. Good, wholesome fun. Your toybox is expanded from the original game and I would suggest two playthroughs, as you're given a choice in the beginning of the game to play as either Corvo or Emily, with no context provided as to the differences between them. Both have very cool abilities available to them, and both provide a satisfying campaign.Level design in this game is pretty spot-on. Sure I've gotten frustrated at some of these levels, and the first couple are just sort of rote. But there is a point, maybe two or three hours in where I was genuinely blown away. Every level in this game is designed cleverly at the least, and frankly I love it. Sure, some of the gimmicks aren't fully realized, but for a linear singleplayer experience, this is one of the coolest series of levels in any game ever.The story in this game I think fully delivers on the promise a sequel implies. It gives us answers, and leaves us with more, which is what at least I want from a Dishonored game. There's no fun in knowing everything. We see the return of some cool characters from the original and its DLC, and we find some more characters, fun and charming, if few. Without spoiling anything, I will say that this game features a lot more of the Outsider (whose voice actor isn't great, just a warning) and the story behind him, as well as fleshes out the characters Corvo and Emily.TL;DR - Play the first game, if you like it, play this one. If you didn't, and it was because of level design rather than anything else, still play this game."
,Recommended,403640,33443959,Posted: 10 July,all,Plods,Game was fun but took longer to get into than Dishonored. Game got more addicting the longer I played and I liked the high chaos ending more than in the original Dishonored. I want to go and play Dishonored to compare.
76561198049441807,Recommended,403640,33453911,Posted: 11 July,all,Dizzy Cat,"System Specs:i5-4590 (3.3 ghz)16 GB RamGTX 970Win 10 ProfessionalGame settings:1080pFOV: 90Texture detail: HighCharacter detail: HighWater: HighEnv detail: HighShadows: HighDecal: HighFog: LowPP Anti A: TXAA 1xSharpness: 12Bloom: OnBlur: OnLens flare: OnLight shafts: onRat & Bloodfly shadows: offV sync: offAdaptive resolution: offFPS limiter: 45Triple buffer: onHBAO+ : onNvidia Control Panel:Vsync: FastMax pre-rendered frames: 1The game has been very stable and playable with these settings for me, I am no expert when it comes to tweaking and it can get rather confusing being confronted with options of this nature, but I spent about an hour and these settings for my system appear to deliver consistent results in terms of playability / looks / steady framerate.I am sure with a more experienced technician at hand, I could squeeze extra performance out of the game, but as it stands, regardless of not being able to push the engine to Ultra without performance issues, the presentation and visuals are still top notch and supercede the previous game.I am also playing with an Xbox One pad - as I like the feel, but it works fine with mouse/keyboard as well. The gamepad works remarkably well in the Dishonored series, as pinpoint accuracy is rarely a requirement.As for the gameplay, well, it's fantastic - loved the first outing, and so far, love the second.A few AI path-finding bugs which is a shame (characters getting stuck inside objects) - but hopefully they will be able to patch these out. Fortunately this has been a rare occurance, so it doesn't completely spoil the atmosphere."
,Recommended,403640,26514356,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Cloudero,Better than those Creation Club supported♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,403640,34751035,Posted: 4 September,all,dogatemycomputer,I really loved the game.  I wish there was a better epilogue about how the empire was restored.  Looking forward to the next Dishonored in the series!
76561198038720174,Recommended,403640,34737856,Posted: 4 September,all,Борис Бритва,"Господи, это были лучшие часы моей жизни. Полностью советую вам эту игру.____________________________________________________Lord, these were the best hours of my life. I fully recommend this game to you."
,Recommended,403640,34741977,Posted: 4 September,all,dranyam,10/10 would blink again
,Recommended,403640,34743983,Posted: 4 September,all,Wubba lubba dub dub,"Absolutely stunning. Everything you loved about the first game, nothing that you didn't. The plot is incredible.I want Dishonored 3!! Or perhaps, Dishonored 0? A prelude to the events would be amazing, maybe some more details about The Outsider."
76561198249825174,Recommended,403640,34786352,Posted: 6 September,all,President Kek,Bought this cause I was in the mood for some stealthy-ish gameplay.  It's pretty fun done two full play throughs with both characters now doing a thrid on a newgame+.  If you're looking for a stealth game that has fun elemets with some ok progression and a linear but fluid level design you may want to pick this game up.Gameplay  7/10Story          4/10      (only there to provide the setting and environment)Combat      6/10      (clunky at times)Visuals       7/10       (if you've seen anything about this game then you'll know it has a very specific aesthetic)Sounds       7/10       (I'm no audio enginere but it sounds pretty good)All in all it's a pretty good game to mess around in.
,Recommended,403640,29788273,Posted: 8 February,all,Dearouge,5 minute loading into menucrash right in tutorial after 1 minute....I thought it would be optimized for PC few >months< after release. :(---------------A long time after release.. It's finally playable and enyojable.. Though - the game design isn't perfect...Sometimes you just have to exactly follow the scripts or the game breaks and you end up in really weird spot with enemies spawning on exact action eventhough they weren't there etc. This is one major con with few minors following. Otherwise I finally enjoy it. 8/10.
76561198209895819,Recommended,403640,34789719,Posted: 7 September,all,biohazardgang,"PROs:- Think the first Dishonored, then add bigger maps, more freedom, more rooms, passages, secrets, one more playable character, bonecharm crafting system, and more skills. (If you haven't played the first one, get it on sale. You won't regret it.)CONs:- Frame rate dropped sometimes on my PC (i7-6700, GTX1060 6GB, 32GB RAM, Win10 64 bit) but nothing serious. Once the assets (models, textures, etc.) were loaded, the performance was quite steady, and that didn't take very long.- It randomly crashed to desktop sometimes."
76561198333666593,Recommended,403640,34759899,Posted: 5 September,all,Shadowace,"Amazing game, Loved the first one, love the second to bits. Cant wait for the Death Of The Outsider!!!!"
76561198260446585,Recommended,403640,34707452,Posted: 3 September,all,Vírsságón,"really good game+very good story with good twists+ decent graphics+ very accurate gameplay+ many different options/styles to complete the game+ 2 protagonists to play the game (story is more or less the same though)+ very diverse levels with an own story to tell- very ""stealth heavy"" if you dont fancy sneaking around enemies and taking them out silently you probably wont like this game ( the game is also playable with just fighting but it becomes way harder then)- not really any boss fight, those who exist are very easy and quickly done-low playtime (under 10 hours)"
76561198074242803,Recommended,403640,34846842,Posted: 9 September,all,P[Cep.},"I always love this series, there is nothing to disappoint, but there are just a things that made me surprise."
76561198354378836,Recommended,403640,34848350,Posted: 9 September,all,Raptre,Get this game if you have a NASA super computer.
,Recommended,403640,34870409,Posted: 10 September,all,kiba,"I enjoyed it, if you liked the first one then you'll most likely like this one, games like prey, this, deus ex, witcher etc are becoming more common and I really am enjoying playing them, if you enjoyed the previously stated games you'll like this. it's very similar to the first one in the way the combat is set up and easy to get used to. My only con is that I found the graphics kind of clunky & non-impressive, it's easy to get used to & forget though.one thing, like the previously stated games I'd highly reccommend use of a razer naga or similar mouse where you can map actions & abilities to a button, otherwise there's too many buttons to push, imo playing these types of games without a mouse like that you might as well be just playing with a controller."
,Recommended,403640,34869187,Posted: 10 September,all,captain awesome,"Новый сюжет, при желании - новый герой с новыми способностями, но при этом во второй части не трогали геймплей и сеттинг. Восхитительно."
,Recommended,403640,34872138,Posted: 10 September,all,subsonicrock611,Great gamplay good story and good sequel. you have the 1st one get this one.Good game
,Recommended,403640,34870960,Posted: 10 September,all,Dr. Dank,"Dishonored 2 is a pretty normal sequel. It takes what the first did well and expands upon it, with new abilities, characters, and an expansion of the world. Much like the original, the moral ambiguity of the game is part of it's selling point, with several of the non lethal eliminations seeming almost more cruel than assassination. The visuals look great, although they seem to have some graphical engine glitches on my video card, I was getting shadows and reflections that were acting weird in some scenes, nothing too terrible, but definitely a little distracting.Overall, if you enjoyed the first game, you will surely enjoy this one, it's different enough to keep you interested, but stays true to way made the original good."
,Recommended,403640,34863783,Posted: 10 September,all,$kyh3art,"I just finished the game as Corvo and half of the time I was trying to figure out why the game was constantly crashing to desktop (Steam).I have a fully updated game, updated Windows 7 Pro 64 bit, functional Intel Core i7-3930K, error free 64 GB of RAM, error free SSDs, non-overclocked GTX 1080 with the latest driver, latest DirectX, and verified integrity of Steam game files.I suspect the issue was mainly graphics related since I was only able to pass certain areas in the game by lowering the visuals of the game - at worst to very low. Funny since the default setting set by the game based on my graphics card was Ultra. Also, several times the game crashed when I tried to possess someone.I haven't had this problem with other games I've played on my system on highest visual settings, and I can't remember any game crashing as often as this one since I played my first computer game on a Commodore 64 in 1987. It surprises me I didn't loose my sanity during these innumerable Dishonored 2 crashes, but unfortunately I will not replay this game as I did with Dishonored 1, or play it on Game Plus, or as Emily.I liked the story and gameplay though. I hope you're not as unlucky as I was."
,Recommended,403640,34400861,Posted: 21 August,all,bran,"I recommend getting this game in ten years. The story is decent and the gameplay is really nice, but this game does not run on modern PC hardware., and it is NOT because it looks so amazing. The game is poorly optimized. The FPS difference between maximum and minimum settings is less than 10% for my machine."
,Recommended,403640,31383107,Posted: 26 April,all,Shtaks,"Came back to this game after a while.  Changing the recomendation to possitive. Bugs seem to have diminished. They were my main issue with the game.Art style and movement are awesome.AI is kind of stupidly dumb, in a way - this game is almost more about challenging yourself than it challanges you with enemies.  Level design is freaking awesome and makes up for it.Sound still sucks...details bellowThe good:- Art style is every bit as amazing as the first game.- The player character movement is really great feels very fluent natural and even got me to move my lazy♥♥♥♥♥and workout because i wish i could be half as ninja as thie girl/old fart depends who you play.- Gameplay is really fun. Level design is probably one of the best things about this game. Every bit is interesting and has a story to tell, but also can be ran through. Lot of games say ""play your way"" but this one really lets you.- The game story is good. It can easily pull you in if you like to play for the story (i do)Now the bad:- Bugs! ok ok they're mostly gone.. i still lost Sokolov a million times on the return trip!- AI - i don't understand how this AI is getting so much praise in big channel reviews.  Your enemies lose sight of you if you as much as strafe behind an object WHILE fighting them. I run and slide under a guard, he goes ""what was that?"" and runs the other way without spotting me.- The Sound - Xometimes you sudedenly hear a remote NPC as if he is speaking right into your ear. Imagine 2 NPCs talking 30 meters away, one sounds like he is where they are, the other answering him sounds like he is right over your shoulder."
76561198258145745,Recommended,403640,34904610,Posted: 12 September,all,ПшеничныйКуролес,"9/10, the plot is too trivial in comparison with the first part, i play on very low texture, fix pls seams on the hands of Corvo, and automatic switching of depth of field, plssssss :ccccc"
,Recommended,403640,33868143,Posted: 28 July,all,cseepe,"Two thumbs up! Exceptional game with tremendous graphics (for the time it was created), story line, voice acting, and thoughtful innovative tasks, objectives and missions.Not as open world as some other games of a siilar genre and the one little annoyance is that the character does not turn around nearly fast enough when being pursued but this is a nit-picky thing by comparison to the brilliant work done by the developers.NPCs are generally smarter, they sometimes swarm and aren't always that easy to pick off. Scavenging supplies is artfully controlled so that one can't load up on everything and go rambo.A genuinely pleasant surprise given the bulk of Steam's catalogue and produt offerings."
,Recommended,403640,33869443,Posted: 28 July,all,AngelofAids,gud
76561198039689801,Recommended,403640,33872217,Posted: 28 July,all,Azathor,its fun.
,Recommended,403640,33824690,Posted: 26 July,all,Fatal,Almost have all the achviments. Its a Fun Game M8.
,Recommended,403640,31235933,Posted: 19 April,all,Vlad,I absolutely love it! Just like Dishonored the original it absolutely gives you action and curiosity.
76561198055667887,Recommended,403640,33840504,Posted: 27 July,all,Farore,"Made big improvements over the first one, which was already a pretty great game. Absolutely love this game even though I tend to hate stealth games. The level design is fantastic, some of the best level design I've seen in a game recently. 8.8/10"
76561198041310283,Recommended,403640,33846850,Posted: 27 July,all,Retired Man,If you try to kill to many people on a level the game will crash. 7/10 Would try to kill everyone on a level again.
,Recommended,403640,33847045,Posted: 27 July,all,irvinlesh,"This is game is absolutely amazing. The story will grab you and never let go. The world is so richly created and filled, you can just spend hours aimlessly wandering around the streets, looking around. I spend about 24 hours on my  first playthrough and I'm about to go start a new playthrough with New Game +. The replayability of this game is really high since you have so many choices that you make during the game that affect the ending. Not to mention you can either play as Emily or Corvo which are unique characters that have completely diferent playstyles.I totally recommend this game to anybody who is condiering it. Go buy it. Now."
,Recommended,403640,33378289,Posted: 8 July,all,Hemingwie,"9,5/10P.S. Corvo, you are talking too much"
,Recommended,403640,33852339,Posted: 28 July,all,AlexDragon,"Sure it's not very well optimized, but it's more dishonoured stealth magic fun. It's a unique experience and a worthy successor to the original."
76561198322409779,Recommended,403640,33850059,Posted: 28 July,all,XIANGWENZI@1821,This game is good in many sides.I appreciate it`s plot setting and the choice of playing.I expect Death Of The Outsider on September 15th.
76561198344382697,Recommended,403640,33133538,Posted: 2 July,all,biggyA,Great Game Like dishonored 1 i loved it the art style the story the gameplay it was overall for me just a great game it was fun and im gonna replay with corvo.
,Recommended,403640,33796347,Posted: 25 July,all,http://www.Youtube.com,As a huge fan of the first game I came into Dishonored 2 with really high hopes. In every single box they managed to tick it perfectly. The game is awesome. No if ands or buts. If you like stealth games and are somewhat patient these games are for you. You can play as either Emily Kaldwin or Corvo Attano although I prefer Emily. The game can be very very short if you go  lethal assault and just go through everything but even that way there are countless replayability points in the game. I'm on playthrough 2 now Emily no powers low chaos and it really forces you to think and look around. The combat isn't amazing but if you have to fight it is BRUTAL how you take down some people. I've never been one to read much in games but if you have the time to read as much of the lore as you can. Bethesda and Arkhane studios have done a great justice to this franchise and I cannot WAIT for the dlc/standalone coming out soon. The games requirements are a bit farcical so if you have a mid range pc with a good GPU you can run this game. Im rocking a Pentium g4500 and a gtx 1050 with 8 gigs crucial ram. It's the most bottom of the barrel decent gaming rig you can have and at most I drop to around 30-40 fps at high intensity times. All in all in this jumbled review I give this game a 9/10. It has a few on and off bugs but nothing game breaking and the save/load system is really forgiving. Keep calm and sneak past.
76561197983991657,Recommended,403640,33809189,Posted: 26 July,all,outlawaw18,If you played the first dishonored and liked it you will love this. If you never played dishonored I do reocomend you play the first one. This game plays alot like Metal Gear but with magic.
,Recommended,403640,33779631,Posted: 24 July,all,PowderedSoup,"A great game with fun powers to play arround with and a great atmosphere. the worst part about it was when i found out there were no more fantasicly designed levels to explore and terrorize. there are also 2 characers which greatly differing powers, or you can playthe game with out the powers giving alternate playthroughs vastly diffrent feelings. the stealh system works really well but the combat is also fantastic, alowing a more ""direct"" approach to the tasks of the game. good for a one time go or if you want to go many more times. so far ive beaten the game 3 times all on the same save file thanks to the new game + feature thats in the game allowing you to start over with all the runes that youve collected through previous playthroughs (runes are used to upgrade your powers) this allows you to play with more powers in the earlier levels."
,Recommended,403640,33717075,Posted: 22 July,all,BlueSkiesAgain,"Game is amazing from gameplay wise. There's so much to see and do!Finished the game after nearly 30 hours and I feel that I saw only half of it. Would definetly replay to see everything there is to see.Love the voice actors for emily and corvo. what a shame the first game didn't have a VA for corvo.Although it's not as well optimized as the first, it still runs great. Capped it at 105fps on ultra and it ran perfectly (i7 + 1070). I played an hour on my old gtx870m and it ran just fine on medium- with 60fps.Only time the fps dropped was when i climbed to the top of the map and could see the entire level...If you're worried - there's a demo you can try before you buy.If you're a fan of the first game -  10/10 would recommend.  :)"
76561198171373323,Recommended,403640,33788111,Posted: 25 July,all,Jameslune,"Dishonored 2 is the perfect follow up for dishonored,It keeps the fast paced stealth and the fun powers without felling like a carbon copy of the fist game.The story telling is amazing and the detail is beautiful.The only thing they need to fix is the lagMy god the lag"
76561198085185252,Recommended,403640,33914773,Posted: 30 July,all,The Scary Cow,"I haven't really experienced any of the technical issues people are talking about except for in one level (A Crack in The Slab) and other for that one level I have had an absolute blast. Emily has some really fun new powers, I like them more than Corvo's and about the same as Daud's, and the new levels are much more varied and creative than in dishonored 1. I haven't quite finished the game, but even if all the next levels suck, i've got 30 hours of fun out if it so i'm good already."
,Recommended,403640,33919601,Posted: 30 July,all,MEMER,Amazing game. Beautiful enviornments and gameplay. The storyline is kind of dumb but the powers you get and the gameplay all make up for it. The replay value in this game is incredible and I love the fact that you can approach a mission in almost any way you want. would reccomend on a sale.
,Recommended,403640,26525915,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Ice Rhymers,"EDIT: A few months and updates later, Arkane has made this games run like it was suppose to. The only thing that is odd is that I have to run the game as an adminitartor even for it  to run. Other than that I don't have any more issues.OLD: The game is real fun of what I played, but im getting sick and tired of poorly running games. Poor optimization is unacceptable. I'll change this review if and when these problems are fixed. I'm really disappointed Arkane."
76561198040833301,Recommended,403640,34007259,Posted: 3 August,all,volmat,"Buy it on sale unless you really love dishonored. On my first playthrough I tried very hard due to my ""okay"" experience with the stealth in dishonored 1 on normal. To say the least on very hard the game goes from stealth to fleeing/murdering in a heartbeat but is still very possible and fun to play. I would've tried no powers mode but at that point what separates dishonored from other stealth titles so I passed. The main problem with the power system is that it is extremely advantageous to dump all of your runes into 1-2 skills instead of trying out each skill without their upgrades due to mana limitations. The powers themselves are a ton of fun and if used well can make some moments very memorable such as using the improved Far Reach to fly through the air and make otherwise impossible jumps to escape enemies or skip large areas of the level. The assassinations on valued targets vary in how difficult they are to reach within the level but almost all of them are extremely easy to pull off once you get there. One level you can quite literally reach the target in 20 seconds and murder them so that is a minor problem I had with that level's design. AI also have some problems where every single unit in the area will search the exact same spot if they hear a noise which can lead to parades of enemies marching through narrow hallways which just looked silly. It was so painfully exploitable I used it as a strategy further into the game where some areas have 10+ enemies in the immediate area and would intentionally make loud sounds (usually bashing the wall with my sword) and then shadow walk away to the next area that was now entirely vacant of threats. It would have been much better if they spread out their search on high alert and only a few enemies checked the soruce of noise. A few of the levels had amazingly unique designs but explaining them would be spoiler-y and are something I would like to see more of in the future. Though I can say one level gives you the option of using pen in paper (or excel xd) to solve a very complex logic game which took me a good while to pull off. The story is forgettable as usual and the soundtrack is meh but the combat/stealth still makes the experience worthwhile in my opinion. Just not full price worth it."
,Recommended,403640,34029689,Posted: 4 August,all,Suicidal_UndeadHamster32,"Great game,♥♥♥♥♥♥opimization and port, 8/10 (REALLY hoping Death of the Outsider fixes the port problem, but I'm not holding my breath)."
76561198116655011,Recommended,403640,33999404,Posted: 3 August,all,Koston ツ,"Dishonored 2 is an amazing game, the story is great, the gameplay is outstanding and I'm really waiting for Dishonored; Death of the Outsider.Dishonored 2 continued the story of the first Dishonored in a perfect way, although it's kind of repeating what happened, it's almost not noticeable at all, especially if you didn't play the first game. If people played this before playing the first game, then shame on you, you need to understand the story and what everything means before buying/playing a game like this. Other than the story, the gameplay is amazing, it has everything the player wants and it's just fun, and this is what we want, right?I do recommend this game, way to go Bethesda!"
,Recommended,403640,34014066,Posted: 4 August,all,Chokyo,Its just awesome
76561198014613833,Recommended,403640,33993947,Posted: 3 August,all,Schibi,"Aside from the bugs at launch, Dishonored 2 is a good game. Looks great, the gameplay mechanics are improved from the first game. Story is intresting and keeps you going."
,Recommended,403640,33843913,Posted: 27 July,all,Zoffix Znet,"I marked this game as a lemon and never bought it when it came out because everyone said performance was awful. Hesitated before buying it during summer sale and glad that I did. The game now actually runs very well.I played as Emily and murdered everything I could kill. The first two thirds of the game were brilliant, but it lost steam by the end. The final chapter was absolute embarassement. I stumbled through nearly empty map until I climed into a room to see the game's main villain silently sit on a throne in an empty room, staring into nothingness. That felt ridiculously lazy. After a cut scene, I entered a room where I wildly flailed my sword for 20 seconds, mashing about 5 or 6 clones of the main villan,  before it was all over.So the ending I experienced was ridiculously empty and unsatisfying. Almost like if the devs ran out of budget at the end. I just hope that this was the result of my playing as a psychopathic killer instead of a shadowwalker that caused this ending.Hoping to play again as Corvo and not kill anything. That's what I found great in the game: you can theoretically complete it without killing a single thing."
,Recommended,403640,34020498,Posted: 4 August,all,Missingno.,"Seriously amazing game. Pretty much all of the performance issues that plagued the game at launch are gone, as long as you're playing on a good computer. PC hardware aside though, this game is a phenomenal sequel to Dishonored 1.Pros:+Graphics look great (artstyle is gorgeous)+Gameplay is fun and fluid+RPG-ish system of upgrades+Emily is a cool character+Very well designed levels+Interesting ways to take out targets besides murder+New Game +Cons:-Haven't played Corvo yet but many people say he's not as interesting of a player character as Emily. Probably not a real con but just putting it here.-Bad performance on a low-mid range PC so make sure you have good hardware-Story is somewhat predictable but still goodOverall, this is a great game that I would highly recommend. 9/10"
,Recommended,403640,34082167,Posted: 7 August,all,Happy Sudoer,"First of all, I can't understand why people are complaining about performance.I was constantly @60 fps with V-Sync On with my 1080.Apart from that, the game is really good.I cannot say that is better than the first dishonored from story's perspective but it is really good.Pros:- Excellent graphics- New and amazing skills & weapons- Option to play as Corvo or as Emily- Multiple endings as the first dishonored- Nice story- Creepy- Splatter- Atmospheric- New openents- Long (I really enjoy it)- PuzzlesCons:- The story becomes exciting about at half of the game (that doesn't mean that rest of the game is not good)- I had 2 minor crashes (They game exited)Conclusion:If you liked Dishonored then you should play this game because it has the same storyline, it has new enemies, new skills, new weapons and it' s as good as Dishonored."
76561198254331619,Recommended,403640,32929902,Posted: 28 June,all,DisasterMaster [PT],"Great game, but terribly optimized (unlike the 1st)8/10It ran at medium settings ~45 fps in my intel core2quad 9550, radeon 550 8gb ram (the game takes some time to ""warm up"", the first minutes i get 10 fps until it starts working properly, other people suffer this)the gameplay and graphics are strong, but the story is *SPOILER ALLERT* boring and similar to Daud's DLCs in the first game, bringing up Delilah once again.recommended, but not on pc if you're running it on a potato"
,Recommended,403640,34104973,Posted: 8 August,all,C0RVO,"Very similar to the first in the sense that your character, Corvo, is played pretty much the same. But when you add Emily as another playable character, you gain a new set of abilites to traverse the world and try some new stuff out. Also the new enemy types force the player to think a lot more on how to get past the situation. Each of them have some way to shut down some of your powers leading you to look for other ways to take advantage of there weaknesses. This one s much more punishing than the first when you get caught, leading to death most likely unless you can quickly get to a hiding spot and reassess the situation."
,Recommended,403640,26526662,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,D4RT,Fixed PC port? checkgamplay? checkstory? checksecret locations/ easter eggs? checkblood and murder? checknice and adictive animation? check10/10 will continue replaying untill my eyes bleed out? check
76561198007513026,Recommended,403640,33796576,Posted: 25 July,all,malcolmmackay224,"I enjoyed the first Dishonored quite a lot. While I also enjoyed the sequel, there were so few improvements the game was a bit of a disapointment.Despite waiting for over a year to buy the game, the current version is still buggy on my PC. It crashed a few times and took down my PC once.Technically the game is okay, nothing special. The graphics look good but the vast majority is just eye candy and many items are useful. Mostly rooms are filled with junk and it gets tiresome looking for the rare useful item.Overall Dishonered 2 is woth playing but it reminds me why I rarely play first person action/shooter games - very simplistic and ultimately a bit boring."
,Recommended,403640,28794817,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Spooky Skeleton bets.gg,"A great game... but bad framerate VERY BADPros:-Great soundtrack( rip Daniel Licht ; - ;)-Fantastic and huge world-A lot of enemies that can be killed how you want-Story somewhat good(for me was meh IDK)-Ng+-Iron mode dif.(if you die the save is deleted)*SemiPro:-9 missions(huge levels tho)*Cons:-Bad framerate(my pc is kinda in mid-low range, so i didn't expect 60 fps on high lol ,but 30 fps in medium and 30 fps in low also WTF)-Ultra settings are kinda crappy-Some minor glitches here and there nothing big thoI would rate the game at 7/10"
76561198119320900,Recommended,403640,34102579,Posted: 8 August,all,Jekol,Buy when in sale :) or when the game is actually properly optimized
,Recommended,403640,34091394,Posted: 7 August,all,BST_Weirdo,"First of all, I love Bethesda. Every game they produce, I end up loving it; so this review might be a bit biased.That being said, I love this game. It is a great addition to the series, although it has seen its share of teething problems. However, given time Bethesda has come in with some patches that have made a huge difference to the game. The maps are so large with so many options. Once you complete the game, there is still so much to do (no spoilers).The only downside to this game, is the current lack of content in the DLC area. However, I am being patient; as many developers do not miss a chance to release DLC into their games.Give it a try, I thoroughly recommend it. But don't play it until you have played the first one!"
76561198332567392,Recommended,403640,34093165,Posted: 7 August,all,BicentricStone6™,"This game was fabulous!! The story and character design and acting is top-notch and lives up to its predessesor! Never encountered a glitch in the whole game! Good for everyone! It lets you choose your own path and difficulty! Every choice impacts the game! For example, I killed all the enemies in the game rarley knocking them out. When i got to the ending I got a completly different side of the story then if i would have choosen to spare people. Again, this game is awesome!10/10P.S. I got it on the steam summer sale for $14 but i think the game is worth $50! Still would have paid it though!"
76561198357447116,Recommended,403640,34114989,Posted: 8 August,all,abradolf lincler,fun game
76561198103617989,Not Recommended,403640,33973189,Posted: 2 August,all,XXX_MLGNOSCOPER_XPW,this game has ♥♥♥♥♥♥ performanceunless you do some tweaking to the settings
76561198007465133,Recommended,403640,33960560,Posted: 1 August,all,Reco,One of the best fps rpg combos I've ever played. The story gripped me by the balls till the very end. Usually I don't give a ♥♥♥♥ and just go in guns blazing but the story and gameplay were so compleing I actually found my self being a cheeky/sneaky assassin like the devs cleary intended. With all the DLC this game is incredible. It's a shame the DLC costs so much tho...
,Recommended,403640,34133469,Posted: 9 August,all,mippzon,"I'm not that big of a fan of those kind of games, but this one I really liked. It has good controls, seems like it's been adapted properly to PC gaming. The story is good and easy to follow. You can play the game in different styles, from very sneaky to right on chaos. The world is beautifully crafted, so are the characters. It has a nice upgrade system and charm system, but I wish I understand more of the benefits of that early on. Now completed the game, I realize I could have done a lot more with upgrades and charms early on."
,Recommended,403640,34135478,Posted: 9 August,all,thanbo,"High-low chaos doesn't make as much difference as the 1st game, just the ending scene. Emily's skills added more diversities in the playing methods."
76561198076380864,Recommended,403640,34137204,Posted: 9 August,all,npbranco,"It was a long wait until I was able to put my paws on this baby and let me tell you, it didn't disappoint.The story: awesome story with awesome choices. The fun thing is to actually shape the world around you, deciding how you're going to beat the levels, how you're going to get rid of people (or simply ghost around them). And the way you decide to do it actually shapes how people see you and your campaign to put the rightful butt back on the throne. That's the beauty of it! Also I must say that what I've heard people say about the story not being detailed enough is complete bulshit. You're thrown right into it with barely your pants on (just like the first) and since the very beginning you can see the freaking details everywhere. I think the main problem here is just that a lot of people tend to rush around, not reading the letters, eavesdropping, really stopping to look at the levels and combing the scenarios for everything available  (there's a lot of hidden stuff, but that's no surprise). You can also play it twice, with two different characters and get two different insights. How cool is that?Graphics: no comments, the game is stunning.Gameplay: freaking fluid. AND THAT'S IMPORTANT. I heard a lot of complaining about how the game was broken and it was impossible to play, yadayada. Well, if it was, it is not anymore. I had 3 bouts of 10-second lags. Could I explain them? No. Did I care? Not at all. I've played much worse. Whatever purist bulshit about how a game should be completely bug free or it's a piece of trash is way too radical for me. 30 seconds of lag don't break a 50-hour-gameplay, so untwist your panties and get this masterpiece. It's perfectly playable and the greatest fun I've had in a long time. 9.5/10"
76561198183556115,Recommended,403640,34283895,Posted: 16 August,all,Jakey,good game
76561198136789464,Recommended,403640,33624136,Posted: 18 July,all,Cael Thavain #TF2SP,"Since the previous patch I have had zero problems with framerate, crashing, graphics, etc.With that said, I can finally give this a perfect 10/10. if you like numerical scores.This game is absolutely breathtaking, the detail is beyond anything I have seen in any game prior, and the animations are just so natural. Everything about the game screams hardwork and passion.The story is not outstanding, it's SOMEWHAT predictable, but has some nice moments that really capitalize on the lore of the games. It also adds some nice ties into the last game, thickening even the plot of the original. Overall, I find the characters to be interesting, and the story in general satisfying enough to pay attention to.But where this game is just astounding, and I mean really oustanding, is the gameplay and level design. Firstly, the gameplay is soooooo smooth, and varied. You now have many options to choose from with lethal and nonlethal. Hand to hand combat is much more fluid, and difficult, compared to the ease of the first game. Nonlethal is still a chore compared to lethal, but a very enjoyable chore at that. There is a massive arsenal of gadgets to choose from, and of course NEW POWERS! You can listen to secrets, rob black markets, and engage in the world in a much more responsive way.Level design summed up in one word isphenomenal.Stilton's Manor and the Clockwork Mansion are my favorite levels of any video game EVER. I mean these levels just blow everything out of the water, visually, and functionally. How the Manor mission was pulled off is beyond me. Robbing  black markets and solving puzzles is actually incredible difficult and will truly test your attention and intuition. This game massively rewards initiative.I don't know if the game still screws up for other people, but it finally works for me, and I have to say it ranks in my top 10 favorite games ever.There is one major downside so many people hate, and I agree with. The new voice actor for The Outsider, while good, IS DIFFERENT FOR SOME ♥♥♥♥ING REASON."
76561198030991577,Recommended,403640,34282867,Posted: 16 August,all,Old Man Henderson,"I highly recommend this game to anyone who enjoys stealth games or RPGs. The combat is simple to learn, but fun to engage and mess with. There are plenty of annimations for kills and non-lethal take downs that are all fun to watch. I've finished the game a total of five times, and I've gotten pretty wildly different endings each time. My first playthrough took me about 23hrs to do a Clean Hands/Ghost game, however after you know where things are it becomes pretty easy to fly through the game in about 3hrs. Also, for a game about crazy supernatural powers the ""No Powers Mode"" is also very interesting, the amount of gagets and tools at your desposal give you plenty of options even without Blinking around like a bat out of hell. Finally the attention to detail in this game is near unreal, every little thing is taken care of in one way or another. Overall I have nothing bad to say about this game and honestly feel good giving it a 10/10 Legendary Status."
,Recommended,403640,34281983,Posted: 16 August,all,sneky,"A great success at bringing a new game to the franchise. The game itself is a masterfully crafted game, allowing players to be a ghost in the shadows that never hurts anyone or a swordsman dashing through streets killing anyone in their way, and anything in-between. The game has many different levels, all having multiple gorgeous pathways to reach your destination and dispose of the enemy. The game has it's downsides, like not having a option to change motion blur (as of right now, making it hard for some people to play). The game also runs on a engine that can be very slow on some computers, and I recommend getting good hardware before playing it. Other than that, the game is just like the first game, only with better gameplay and a crisp look. In all, the game is amazing, and I highly recommend getting it if you enjoyed the first game. I look forward to the future of the dishonored series and hope that this games dlcs are just as good as the original's."
,Recommended,403640,34297087,Posted: 16 August,all,ImCalledBS,"Dishonored 2 is a great game that brings back the fun and the freedom the first game gave us. It brings back content from the first game and adds a lot more. I had a lot of fun playing it and I recommend it to anyone that likes stealth games. It also offers a lot of replayability and you can spend a lot of time in the game even on your first playthrough. I spent as much as 4 hours in a single mission trying to explore everything and it never gets boring.Although, it still does not have great performance. In some places i had 150 fps on ultra settings and others 45 fps on low settings. But the artstyle fits well with the low settings so the problem isnt that bad.8.5/10you should totally buy it!ps. some people still didn't update their reviews since the game was released, so if you see any ""unplayable because of performance reviews"", don't worry it's been fixed. That's why the rating isn't as high as it should be."
76561197970765755,Recommended,403640,34304186,Posted: 17 August,all,dp.Rocco.50Cal,"This is a cool game.Beautiful production design, clever lacing of the clues and outcomes.Being sneaky and not killing anyone is, it turns out, Bloody HARD."
76561197974781296,Recommended,403640,34298853,Posted: 16 August,all,AAPCO,Fun!
,Recommended,403640,26590249,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Sparky,Game is for one extremely enjoyableAnd they also fixed a lot of the poor performance issues.Just buy it (Get the demo if you are worried about performance on your hardware's end)
,Recommended,403640,34382106,Posted: 20 August,all,Xav,"Not as good was the first, but still good. Especially on sale."
,Recommended,403640,34370770,Posted: 20 August,all,BUSHY BROW KUN,"As someone who had played the first Dishonored, I had high hopes on the sequel and I wasn't disappointed.Spoiler Free ReviewThe game introduces two playable characters in the original protagonist of the first game, Corvo Attano & the grown up empress, Emily Kaldwin. Both characters have different abilities which suits a variety of playstyles, whether you want to be a sneaky beaky assassin, an merciful peacemaker who doesn't kill anyone or even a chaotic fighter that destroys everything and everyone that stands in your way. Different playstyles would directly meant that you would have different outcome and ultimately a different ending. Despite this game being known for its fancy slaughtering, you could actually complete the game withoutkilling anybody.For players that are new to the series, I would strongly recommend playing Emily Kaldwin as her abilities are very simple to master.The gameplay was very fluid, you could chain multiple skills in order for you to take out multiple targets in style. The AI also have unique dialogues that further immerse you into the game. They also provide valuable information if you sit and eavesdrop for long enough. The developers also did a great job in adding all the minor details to help us further understand the background of the antagonists of the game, all these small details made the game what it is. The exploration of the game was also one of the key elements which made the game so much fun. Looking for safe codes and finding alternative ways to take out your enemies were so much fun. Most of the times, players would need to have multiple playthroughs to find out all the secrets of the game. In addition, the adding of bonecharm and runes crafting was really well done and kudos to the developers for coming up with the idea. To be honest, the port itself wasn't perfect. You will have some FPS drops occasionally which is annoying at times but I still managed to get past it.The soundtracks of the game was pretty well done.It really helps you to get yourself immersed into the world of the game, making you feel like one with your character. The adding of the voice acting in the main character was also a new feature introduced into the sequel and I have to say the voice actors did a really good job at it.To end off, the game itself could have been better if it did not had all the port issues and gameplay bugs at the beginning of the launch, but it does not remove the fact that the developers did put in countless effort to make this sequel possible and also fixing most of the major issues.Story: 8.5/10Gameplay: 9/10Graphics: 7.5/10Sound & Voice Acting: 9/10Overall: 8.5/10"
76561197990210198,Recommended,403640,34376952,Posted: 20 August,all,SaltyDwarf,One of the greatest games ever made. Even better than the first game.
76561198376970540,Recommended,403640,34396119,Posted: 21 August,all,jedsanford1,"Light spoiler alertI think this might be the best game ever made. The plot is not QUITE as good as 1, but what sequel is? It makes up for that by 1) better combat. 2) better graphics. 3) more area in the levels to explore. 4) wonderfully fleshed out Karnaca.The only real con in my mind is that the voice acting wasn't perfect, which is to say, some different NPC's have the same voice. This is also a problem in Skyrim, my next favorite game. I take this over the Fallout's or Skyrim any day.Pro tip: I'm learning french, so on my last play through I changed the language to French. It was GREAT. Karnaca really feels French, and the players sound perfect in French."
,Recommended,403640,34396373,Posted: 21 August,all,Nome :I,"Not bad, but still poorly optimized in some maps.Overall, a decent improvement from the first one."
76561198092668902,Recommended,403640,34427982,Posted: 22 August,all,CamMcSwag,"The game is patched now so if you have the reccomended system requirements this game runs very nice, lots of lag when starting/returning to the game and going to new areas, but it only lasts about 20 secs."
76561198023894533,Recommended,403640,33969143,Posted: 2 August,all,Kittysniper,"Poor optimization, probably should pick up on sales 50% or more for thats wat this game is worth"
76561198035117579,Recommended,403640,34150628,Posted: 10 August,all,WaSting_Tim3,"Dishonored 2 is the sequel to the dishonored game as you already know. The game takes place 15 years after the original and has some of the same mechanics as in the original.The graphics have had a increase as the world and people are more fleshed out and realistic. The only problem may be the computer stuttering and framerate drop. I have suffured these around the start (first couple levels mainly take place in the day) and it gradually went down as I progressed (the graphic problem that is). I was able to though on my second playthrough though and search up  how to fix them and was able to fix the issues  without outside modding or program support. I do not know much about technology but I do know this, if you want to play the game on the highest graphics possible and still have the greatest experience there is, you need to do your research on your pc and how others have managed or fixed the problem.Multiple patches have been released and they have helped, but from my standpoint I had problems from the start even after a couple of the patches.Review: Now on to the actual review of the game. The game has the same amount of exploration and choices as the original if not more. One issue I have found with the game though is that the maps can somtimes become confusing and twisitng to where most of the time I do not know where exactly I am. other than that there are creative ways to take down targets, even more lore scattered about and new dialogue that the characters use.combat: The combat is fluent and allows you to be as aggresive or as passive as you want. I very much appreciate the adding in of new ways to non lethaly take down targets and guards. Along with ths are the Powers. If you did not already know you can choose between corvo or emily kaldwin to play as. They both have seperate special powers that offer many creative ideas to bring to the table. There is also now the choice to have no powers and go through the game powerless. There is as well more endings instead of just the 3 in the orginal dishonored.Story: Without giving up much I will tell you that the story is intresting and flows nicely. The story if along the lines of the original where you take down multiple key figures until striking the finial blow. you will have to play to figure that out. Other than the story there are amazing amount of choices that take a heavy impact on the game. I find this to be the best feature of the dishonored games. It allows you to choose who you want to be in the world.One last question that I think some maybe wondering:If I am new to the dishonored games could I pickup this one and still have a good experience?A: To a certain point yes. The characters that you meet may not mean much to you but you can have a good time. The powers and stealth of dishonored is very easy to adjust to without any prior knowledge same goes for the story. This one is very fresh with some new friends and foes  to interact with along with a slew of achievemnts and replay ability in the game.FINAL VERDICT: I would recommend it to anyway willing to put up with the small pc stuttering and issues as the game is terrific and should bring you many hours of fun. 9/10"
,Recommended,403640,34138925,Posted: 9 August,all,McLovin! (M[A]ngoKing),"DIshonored 2 is a solid sequel to Dishonored, it feels the same as Dishnored with a few more tricks and options.What to expectDishonored 2 is a sequel that feels very similar to the orginal Dishnored, with the addition of some new tricks. It feels a bit unambitious in the fact that it sticks to the same formula to as the orginal, but that is not the worst thing as Dishonored was really good. It sticks to the same steampunk setting, same revenge quest, choas and non-choatic ways to progress. Don't go into this game if you weren't into the orginal, or wait for a sale if you thought the orginal was just okay.Story and SettingThe game remains just like the orginal, you have been betrayed and you need to go on a quest for revenge. The storyline is just a long revenge quest, just like the original. This game also includes a backstory of the outsider and the occult. You can play as Emily or Corvo, but it doesn't really change that much with exception to the dialouge inbetween missons. This time your dropped in a different city with bloodflies instead of rats. The game still has the victorian steampunk feel of the original. Theres a more diverse color palette which really helps the missons feel a bit different from eachother.GameplayThe game continues in the lethal and non-lethal options, and like the orginal affects the ending of the game. Theres usually at least two ways to proceed through a misson. You are giving the same supernatural powers with some new nice additions to augment your playstyle. This time you are given the option of going through the game without powers. This makes the game much harder and does lock out some areas of the map. The difficulty changes the game fairly dramatically as gaurds spot you much faster and combat is harder. Theres several different enemy types that each have unique behavoirs which is quite fun to fight against. There AI is really good, as they will fake out attacks, and move throw rocks at you if your out of melee with them. They will also be constantly on alert if they find a corpse nearby. But this comes to one of my major issues with dishonored, that fact the stealth on harder difficulties is frustratingly difficult while combat feels very easy. Even without powers there really isn't much reason to go through the game with stealth. It takes a active desire to go through the game stealthy on higher difficulties. Combat on the other hand is short and lethal, as well as you can quickly spam healing potions in combat to gain and advantage. And if your outnumbered you can just run through the level and get away just fine. Maybe thats part of the design but it really feels like unless you want to constantly reload saves stealth doesn't feel very viable, which is sad because stealth is one of the major pillars of the game.Graphics and PreformanceThe game has the same artstyle as the same but with a sharper look. With the one exception of a crash, the game ran smoothly on ultra settings for me without any error or bugs."
,Not Recommended,403640,34179981,Posted: 11 August,all,isomorfico,"I liked the story, the powers, the different ways to play. It looks good but it is horribly optimized. Stuttering and awful frame pacing is present the whole game. Even with the latest patch that fixed a lot of issues, the game quit unexpectedly two times on me with no errors or anything. I wanted to play it with both characters but a second run does not sound good to me. Wait until it's on sale, bought it for $19.99 so it did not hurt that much."
,Recommended,403640,28682270,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,TheOneTrueEli,"So good, after all of the updates released up until now the optimization is definitely better than it was at release and it improves on everything from dishonored 1."
76561198075079378,Recommended,403640,34229471,Posted: 13 August,all,SuperFreak,So this is my review for Disho *CRASH**Reboot*So this is my review for *CRASH**Reboot*So this is my revi *CRASH**Reboot*SO THIS IS *CRASH*7/10 still worth playing tho...
,Recommended,403640,34206931,Posted: 12 August,all,Spring Bag,"Excellent game.  The level design for this game is top notch, with multiple routes and solutions for the end goal.  The levels have tons of verticality to them and you can be super creative when dealing with the enemies.  Lots of cool powers to use and u can play through the games multiple times with a different character or play style. 10/10.  Looking forward to the DLC.With my 7700k and GTX1080TI, there are still a little frame drops in some areas but nothing major."
76561198082026654,Recommended,403640,34218295,Posted: 13 August,all,Justin Trudeau,would be asked why i should be trusted with my face covered again 10/10
,Recommended,403640,34212693,Posted: 13 August,all,spy main,"good game, good stealth etc, but get ready for some edgy demonic stuff"
,Recommended,403640,29971774,Posted: 16 February,all,magicalpeanut,"This game underwhelmed me at first with its bad fps, game crashes, and lousy voice acting. I tried to refund but I'm glad that I couldn't because after 4 months of waiting for the game to get fixed it finally did. At first I didn't care so much for the game because of my first impressions. But a friend told me it was fixed and when I played I thought the game wasn't that good. I saw the first game was on sale so I got it with the dlc. I was amazed by the game and decided to give dishonored 2 a second chance. My second playthrough changed my whole opinion on the game and I started to love the franchise. I played 3 playthroughs of this game so far. To anyone who was hyped for it and disapointed by its realease, give it a second chance now that it is fixed.( This is more of the story of my expierence with this game and not so much of a in depth review but I wanted to share it)"
,Recommended,403640,34193234,Posted: 12 August,all,jOrA,"It's not just a game it's more like a masterpiece.The game itself looks amazing it almost feels like a real world in which you have two characters to play for: empress and her father. The game doesn't dictate how you need to play it, it's completely up to you and each way is definitely possible to play. You can play stealth or try to fight everything you see in each case using your super powers or you can play without super powers at all only with your weapons. If you choose to play with abilities you can upgrade them to make yourself even more powerful.Combat itself is realistic which means you can't just mash the attack button and hope the game will do everything. Enemies can knock you back and you die in three shots. Though you can also perform special attacks and cut enemies in half in slow motion watching a kill-cam.The story is very interesting and well-developed, lots of interesting notes around the area to help you complete missions or explain life around you as you progress. Every step you make counts towards the ending of the story, every kill you make will result in changes around you. This allows you to have the story which you are actually part of and have lots of different endings.There's really nothing wrong with the game except one small thing, to enjoy the game on high graphicsyou need very powerfulhigh-end PC."
76561197971251573,Recommended,403640,34193572,Posted: 12 August,all,[DP]LANMAN,"I waited to buy this one until some of the issues cleared up. My first play through was Emily low choas, now I'm playing through with Corvo killing everything including innocents that try to call the guards! I played through with with Emily on my GTX 770 and the game looked good but I couldn't get smooth play above 30fps with settings on high. It was playable though locked at 30fps but not great. I just recently purchased a GTX 1080 though, and it has no problem with this game. Everything on ulltra and getting a smooth 60fps with the GPU running at about 60%. The game is excellent, and improved on every aspect of the first. The choice at the begining is a little jarring, but it really doesn't matter who you choose as the story is the same. Emily is my favorite charcater because of her new abilities. However, after you finish the game it doesn't matter who you choose because New Game+ gives you access to both characters abilities. Highly recommended and a great sequal."
,Recommended,403640,26533972,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Magenta - Slep,"So now that Bethesda let arkane fix their♥♥♥♥♥♥and stop rushing the everloving crap out of them, i can finally say dishonored 2 is well worth it.Just that it's worth it."
76561198068207219,Recommended,403640,33700505,Posted: 21 July,all,[gank] Grassus Fittus,nice videogame
,Recommended,403640,34508002,Posted: 26 August,all,Prominence,"The performance issues that made this game infamous at launch have been corrected.  If they were holding you back, it's safe to purchase now (though consider playing Dishonored 1 first- it's not necessary, but highly entertaining).Dishonored 2 is a game with an excellent setting.  Its gritty urban landscapes are exquisitely detailed.  The gadgets and powers you acquire throughout the game are believable within the game's universe, and thoroughly enjoyable to use.Playing the game is an absolute treat.  Challenging encounters never delve too far into frustrating territory.  Indeed, every single challenge the game places before you can be tackled from numerous angles.  In fact, the only way to play Dishonored 2 wrong would be to just play it once, because then you'd be missing out on so much of what it has to offer.  This is especially true with the addition of the New Game + mode.I'm currently on my 5th or 6th playthrough and still loving the game.  It stays fresh and entertaining.  Give it a shot."
,Recommended,403640,34503125,Posted: 26 August,all,Superzorro,"I'm almost done with my second playthrough and I love this game.I'm a sucker for good worldbuilding and this game does that masterfully. It builds a little upon the previous game (and the DLCs especially), but it does give us a new city to explore which is quite different from old Dunwall.The same holds true the gameplay. It's mostly a well done repeat of the previous game with some extra powers and a few new enemies. I suggest playing as Emily for your first playthough so you can explore the new powers. It worked very well for me and also makes more sense storywise to play as her. My second playhtrough as Corvo for the high chaos ending worked very well as a catharsis after all the sneaking and choking people out that's needed for the low chaos ending. Playing as Corvo makes all the repeats a lot more glaring though, so I consider it more of an extra.If you're not sure about this game, play the first one. If you like that you will like this one as well."
,Recommended,403640,33815159,Posted: 26 July,all,Dima,"Great game. Honestly dont understand what ppl are talking about with respect to gameplay or performance. i5 skylake gtx 970 m.2 ssd runs pretty good all settings maxed. Not perfect but the lighting is pretty sharp in this game. Finished the game twice. Story is good, Vincent D'onofrio is great, gameplay is familiar but always fun, levels are big, MUCH better level design over D1. The negative reviews are just out of line.Now for the cons. Random crashes when i try to access my inventory, and loading times vary wildly. Sometimes its a few seconds. Other times it's several minutes. Checked resource monitor, VERY HEAVY cpu and disk strain during this time. Read operations are going to cause this obv, but to have this go on for a sustained several minutes every other time I try to play this game is unaccpetable. Not sure if it's related to Denuvo verifying game files, but etiher way there are optimization issues with this game and the Denuvo cancer does not help to retain customers.I reluctanly recommend this game. The devs shouldn't be punished for the publisher's meddling. The devs really did a great job with this game.  An improvement on almost everything in D1. Except the optimization of the PC version. So proceed with caution"
76561197967004014,Recommended,403640,34640715,Posted: 31 August,all,[$bKcM$] shanstafari,"Really fun gameplay & skill selection, good graphics, good voice acting, decent story."
,Recommended,403640,34631918,Posted: 31 August,all,MalYaska,"An excellent iteration on the first Dishonored, however I must note that the eliminations and neutralization options are not as satisfying as in the first one. All neutralizations make sense in the narritive, but you can't despise them like you could in the first Dishonored due to their portrayal. Otherwise the narrative flow is smoother than in the previous one and playing through the game on Hard was quite satisfying the first time. Feel free to ramp up the difficulty, if you want a true challenge.A year after launch most performance issues have been fixed, however I still experienced momentary hitching on a high performance computing/gaming pc. *Budget users BEWARE!*"
,Recommended,403640,34746259,Posted: 4 September,all,warcattroll,"It's just as much fun if not more fun than the first Dishonored. The visuals are so good. Sometimes I replay missions just to walk around the houses and take in the details. When it comes to story this one was pretty lame and I couldn't care less about any of the supporting characters. It didn't have as much of an impact as the first game. But since games are about fun I can't complain, it was overall a great experience I would recommend to anybody both games."
,Recommended,403640,34662089,Posted: 1 September,all,Waifu Before Laifu,The dialogue is a little stale and most computers wont be able to run it. If you can run it at a decent frame rate then the gameplay is more than enough to make Dishonored 2 worth it.
76561198318642846,Recommended,403640,30223848,Posted: 27 February,all,extremespider01,"really good game. i finished it a while ago but it is still fresh in my memory and since im on a review spree i might as well give it a shot. first of all to anyone who played the first game but is undecisive wheter to get this one or not. GET IT. for real. it is so much different from the first one, to the better, but without loosing the first one's unique style. it has as overall good, rich story and it has its fair share of exploration. also, a major plot twist, the game also features differents approaches and paths towards your objectives, so needless to say the game has various endings depending on your choices. it has the same weaponry from the first game but with some twists this time around. there are two playable characters. and whoever you choose the story is just a slight different but overall the same. all in all its a really good game, and i would recommend it to anyone who likes stealth based, adventure, games."
,Recommended,403640,34155852,Posted: 10 August,all,Emily,"I have never before seen in any game on such a perfectly thought out plot. This is really the best game of 2016, and indeed in the whole history of video games. I would like to have a new part of Dishonored: death of the outsider was as cool as all the previous parts. Better than the game Dishonored 2 is not, and it is unlikely to be. I look forward to the new part with anticipation."
76561198216827193,Recommended,403640,28683066,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,_aloobarber,"TL;DR:Worth a buy, when it can be played by ANYONE and EVERYONE. But, Arkane are working on it, so you might as well get it now and wait it out.You can now officially buy and complete the game crash free! yaaaay!Pros-+ Gorgeous visuals, as long as you aren't on the lowest settings lol.+ Same great gameplay & world building as in the first game.+ Good voice acting & animations.+ Interesting story (Though it feels slightly underwhelming by the end) & characters.Cons--LITERALLY UNPLAYABLE IF YOU HAVE AN R9 380i can't finish the second mission due to a lovely crash about 5-10 minutes of playing. The first mission played fine though. And the tutorial. And the menu.~A quick look through the steam discussions, it seems i'm not the only one with these problems.- Performance is all over the place, i can get around 60+ indoors, but outdoors my frame rate tanks to about 35+ (i5 6600k & R9 380) ~ cap the frame rate at thirty, and it's an entirely playable experience, not ideal, but entirely playable.- Um, that's literally all the cons i can think of, it's otherwise a brilliant game, though sadly it feels overshadowed by the excellent original and it's (also brilliant) DLC's, despite being an entirely enjoyable experiance."
,Recommended,403640,34719296,Posted: 3 September,all,Sketch,"A fantastic sequel where I spent an inordinate amount of time (around 26 according to the game, not the 39 that Steam claims) exploring every nook and cranny, using quicksave and quickload again and again to my heart's content, and trying out different stealth or combat tactics. Nice to have a cohesive narrative along with expansive and ""channeled"" environments (read: not open world) where you are free to advance as you please.I probably should have ramped up the difficulty, since using the Blink/Far Reach power to get even just a little bit vertical on the targets was always simple and undetected, but I also liked experimenting and not being frustrated by a hyper-aware AI as I progressed through the levels."
,Recommended,403640,34717462,Posted: 3 September,all,meltdown,"I did not think they could top Dishonored 1 but they did it. The world, the people, just a great game from start to finish. Pick up a copy now or grab one on sale and you will not regret it."
,Recommended,403640,34695822,Posted: 2 September,all,xd,Its a very fun game with alot to-do
76561198025368997,Recommended,403640,26572894,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Prankster335,"Pros:-Excellent Gamplay with a wide range of powers and weaponry at your disposal.-Rich interesting world with a range of exploration options for each level and lots to read and see.-Many different ways to complete objectives.-Strong delevoped charcthers, with hidden agendas and motivations.-Perfect stealth v action balance.Mixed:-Most of the optimization issues have been ironed out, but a few graphical ones remain. Most computers should be able to run this at at least medium resolution.-While I personally don't mind, some may find the game a little easy.-Kinda short (10-15hrs rushing)Cons:-Despite some twists and turns, the story is somewhat predictable.-One too many crashes for my liking.-While the levels are big, they are also somehwat linear.8.5/10: Perfect for fans of: action, light rpg elements, stealth, fantasy/sci-fi, or fans of the previous Dishonored."
,Recommended,403640,34532353,Posted: 27 August,all,Neuchersky,"I really liked the first game (in terms of both the story and replayability), and the Daud DLC is even better than the original. But on this sequel . . . I am not a fan, mostly because of the story. Maybe Death of the Outsider would be better.Pros:Replayability- You have two characters, who have different powers, and different playstyles. Finding runes to upgrade your powers and bone charms as passives (I recommend to sacrifice/convert them to whale bones and don't craft bone charms since you could convert them into whale bones that would be useful for your your NG+).Stealth- the guards perception are even better.Optional Powers- in the first game, it is cannonically that Corvo accepted the mark and have his Blink. But in here (cannonically as Emily), she could chose whether or not to accept the Outsider's mark, making theStealtheven more challenging, wherein you depend on throwable items and keyhole peeking. Having Far Reach and Dark Vision make this game harder. (also try having no HUD - markers etc.)Atmosphere- it is really immersive, even better with the HUD off.Music- the theme of the music is different than the first one, but it really fits the atmosphere of the game/place. And the Singers' songs are really great, they even tell stories about the characters like theBorn in the Month of Darkness which talks about the Outsider.New Gimmicks-theOutsider's Timepiecewherein it allows you to travel in the past. And of course the chagingJindosh Mansion.And I really like the Grand Palace.Puzzles- There are some ""hidden"" runes wherein there are obstacles (""puzzles"") in your way. And even theJindosh's Lock is the objective of the Dust District mission, wherein you will solve an ""Einstein Puzzle""-like puzzle in order to go inside the Manor of Aramis Stilton.Cons:Mission: Edge of the World- this is for me the worst mission in the entire Dishonored series. First thegoal:it was only to go to the carriage which would take you to the Addermine Institute. That's it! Even the Clockwork Mansion and The Grand Palace Missions, wherein you also need a carriage to take you towards the TARGET, they did not split it into two missions.So turning off the HUD is really better, or at least in this one.The Crown Killer-The Crown Killer is the one that was advertised and I really thought that she'll be the second to the last target but no, she is the first. On the third (but really second) mission she was eliminated, I really hope that they would throw a red herring or something, since I felt it is really early.Side Missions- there are really fewer side missions in this game. Androbbing a black market is even a side mission. Maybe it is since when you rob more than two of them, you won't be able to hear the last song of the duo.Minor and Side charcters- one the first game (and DLC) we have Granny Rags and Slackjaw, Daud and Billie Lurk, and the ""Loyal""-ists, and they have really interesting side arcs. On the second one, as far as I could remember we havePaolo (Howlers) and the Abbey, the musicians, and let's include Aramis Stilton, Meagan Foster, and Anton Sokolov for their sakes.Enemies- so we have new enemies like the nest keepers and the clockworks soldiers (which is just another version of weepers and tall boys), butthey only appeared on less than two missions or not a throughout threat. Even the witches and gravehounds appeared in few missions.Plot Holes-at the end Emily (canon) saved his father by just touching him, and no""cure""was researched, may be it's gonna be a mission or at least a side mission, but it ended up getting scraped.  Another one would be theJ-Heartbut in the eighth mission you replaced it with Delilah's soul, but I think you only needed that one for high chaos.So is Emily goingHIGH CHAOScanonnically?Endings- unlike the Dishonored game which only have two (or three) different endings, depending on your chaos level, this one has a lot.But some of them are dumb like leaving your father in his stone-state,just why.Collectibles/Souvenirs- at least it is not 200+."
76561198060539776,Recommended,403640,28083956,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Huumausaine,"Edit: This review was written when the game was a technical mess. Its performance is at an acceptable level now, though it is still nothing to write home about.Great game that runs like♥♥♥♥♥♥ has aliasing issues, has frequent framerate stutters, and generally just occasionally looks *very* ♥♥♥♥♥♥ (even on ultra graphics). I've also ran to a few bugs and glitches, but no hard crashes so far.In terms of the game itself, it is just more of the first Dishonored, with a bit more compelling narrative, more challenging stealth, and more expansive levels. I played the game on the highest difficulty, and you'd do yourself a favour to do the same, if you decide to buy it.However, thanks to its myriad of crippling technical issues, I find it difficult to recommend it to anyone but the ones with burning desire to play it and $60 burning a hole in their pockets.Ran the game at 2560x1440 with nearly everything on ultra, no AA.Specs:i5-6600K (4.5GHz)GTX 980 Ti16 GB 3000 MHz RAM...and running the game off RAID0 SSD array.Will update this review to recommend the game when/if the game gets patched properly.Edit: It went on -33% sale literally a week after I had bought it and three weeks after release? I cannot say that game being cheaper is a bad thing, but this just makes things feel even worse."
,Recommended,403640,34721906,Posted: 3 September,all,supimdaniel undercover cop,Twice the dank as the first one.  100% more characters to play as.  It's a treat for the stealth genre lovers
,Recommended,403640,34882017,Posted: 11 September,all,WhyHelloThere,"This is almost perfect, has so many things that are amazing and things that were missing from the first dishonoured. Only bad thing about it is the difficulty in maintaining a solid framerate even on a good pc. Still a good game though."
,Recommended,403640,34876272,Posted: 10 September,all,Chinese Cartoons,I really love this franchise and man i really wish there were more stealth games like this.
,Recommended,403640,34913357,Posted: 12 September,all,donmuerte,"The game is fun. Good replayability, if you like achievements and perfecting your stealth game. Stealth is pretty damn hard if you want to get all the runes and charms, but the main storyline could be stealthed easier. My biggest gripe is that powers are just thrown in a menu and left for you to unlock at your leisure. It would've been more impactful if the powers were found in the game (i.e. via the void) and introduced as a part of the narrative making you need them to advance. Understably, however, this would make the ""no powers"" game mode difficult."
,Recommended,403640,34251468,Posted: 15 August,all,NeuromancerGR,It is a masterpiece. It is even better than the amazing first game. It is the new benchmark for its genre.* No performance problems on my PC.
76561198131946028,Recommended,403640,34355075,Posted: 19 August,all,Stephen Paddock,The story isnt as good as the first Dishonored but the gameplay is ♥♥♥♥in fun
76561198100582880,Recommended,403640,26561393,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,lasagna,pretty good
76561198000794096,Recommended,403640,34458667,Posted: 24 August,all,Plaxidia,"I'm addicted. The combination of steam punk and majic is just a win win in my book. The RP elements are imersive and engaging. The combat is fluid and leaves a ton of room to play the way you want. Destructive tyrant or benevilant leader, you find what you want the world to end up like by the decisions you make. TONS of fun! I highly recomend it. ;)"
,Recommended,403640,34607895,Posted: 30 August,all,sbroburg,"I absolutely loved the first game, and when I saw this I was disappointed because my pc could not handle it.  But I got a new pc and i was not at all disappointed by this game.  Arkane Studios is now my favorite game developer by far.  I have no real problem with this game, everything is good. graphically it's stunning, it's really fun to explore the maps, try out new ways of killing and eliminating targets, and an all around enjoyable game."
,Not Recommended,403640,32746045,Posted: 24 June,all,RobotHotSauce,Ok. I like the game so far. It's fun. I feel like an assassin.Fan of dishonored 1. I've got 6600k + 1060 gtxThe higher settings run like garbage.It will only work on 'auto' settings which is medium. There is not even a huge visual difference from very high which fps was all over the place.Now with auto its a stable 60fps. Its fairly good graphics still with it turned down but its clear they didn't optimize high end pc settings because of consoles.I'd still recommend if you are ok with turning some things down. Worth $20.tl;dr pros: classic dishonored fun and stealthcons:♥♥♥♥♥♥port; try auto setting in graphics for stable fps. Basically PC is shafted because you cant even run pc centric settings because of how poorly optimized they are. Obvious case of bethesda not caring about anything else but console plebs.edit:just finished the game and uninstalled. Performance throughout was garbage. Medium settings are ok but thats like console quality without any post processing. Post processing definetly unoptimized. Story was weak and I got tired of fetching runes(collectibles)Overall I don't recommend but I got it on sale. <$20
,Recommended,403640,26941741,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Ben,;)
76561198171050089,Recommended,403640,35066530,Posted: 19 September,all,SlayersPK,"Amazing, just like Dishonored 1. It blew me away, So must of everything dishonored 1 was, just this time its Dishonored 2"
76561198118254072,Recommended,403640,35065312,Posted: 19 September,all,avoroby,10/10
,Recommended,403640,26593397,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Pier,"I felt disappointed when the game launched, but Arkane has fixed the performance problems and I can finally enjoy this amazing and dark world."
76561197970349795,Recommended,403640,28211261,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,CrashT,"It's Dishonored 2: The Metal Age.Larger more complex levels, and an expanded variety of powers and tools to explore them with. Looks incredible, and now runs just as well as the first game.The plot gets a little messy in spots, fortunately the sheer wealth of artistic and narrative detail in the world more than makes up for it."
76561198099776263,Recommended,403640,35124805,Posted: 22 September,all,Highfive,9/10
76561197988369958,Recommended,403640,35121011,Posted: 21 September,all,Greyvy,"A fantastic follow up, has quite a number of improvements, includes Corvo from Dishonored 1, with all his powers plus a brand new character (Emily) with all new powers. The level design is just outstanding, they are detailed, complex and just a pure joy to play. The game looks fantastic. Cannot recommend this game enough"
76561198072157634,Recommended,403640,35138798,Posted: 22 September,all,Rodan,"Warning; you'll still need a pretty beefy PC to run this baby, even after the patches. If you can live with some screen tearing, I recommend turning off Vsync, as that hugely improved performance for me.However, in return for that beefy requirement, you're repaid with a beautiful world, two characters to choose from (both with an excellent variety of unlockable powers), endless NG+ cycles that allow you to unlock all powers, upgrades and bonecharms with more ease every cycle, and an altogether awesome experience, both for fans of the mass murderer playstyle, the silent assassin playstyle, or the sneaking thief playstyle. Kill, neutralize or evade, it's your choice, and this game offers plenty of options to do either.Nonlethal options for drop assassinations and mid-combat chokes/slide knockouts are also a huge improvement on the original, and are a fantastic addition for nonlethal runs. Just make sure your kill finger doesn't get itchy when push comes to shove, and keep that quicksave button in use. Or go No Powers mode, Very Hard + Iron mode if you're a true psychopath and/or masochist.Bone Charm crafting is especially useful in NG+ cycles, and I feel it was a good optional addition to the game. It's not forced on you and it's an unlockable thing with its own benefits, but likewise you won't miss too much without it.Emily's powers are a blast. I can strongly recommend playing through the game as her first, for a truly fresh experience. I recommend her for a Ghost run most of all, as Domino is an EXTREMELY powerful ability that should never be underestimated, be it for lethal or nonlethal use. Emily's kit feels perfect for stealth assassinations, so if that's your thing...go for it. Also, get the grab upgrade for Far Reach. Find a nice ledge with enemies below, and go fishing. Best time I've ever had in a stealth game.Speaking from experience with lethal, nonlethal, ghost and kill everything that moves runs I've done, this game is fun. I'd say the levels aren't as memorable as the first game's, but that's because they were the first taste of the wonderful universe Arkane has created, and nostalgia is a strong thing. Crack in the Slab and the Clockwork Mansion are levels that will blow you the ♥♥♥♥ away, especially if you go in blind. Karnaca is a place best discovered for yourself.Just think twice about playing a high chaos run/killing a lot if you're sqeamish about insects and/or large swarms of angrily buzzing flesh devouring ♥♥♥♥hungry vampire wasps."
76561197999825114,Recommended,403640,35139016,Posted: 22 September,all,Madgeek1450,"Excellent game. I actually enjoyed this game more than the first one.The high point of the game was The Clockwork Mansion. This has to be one of my all-time favorite levels in any game, there are so many paths to explore and so many ways that you can complete your objectives. I've probably played through it about 10 different times and looked in every nook and cranny.Sure, a few points to be taken off for launch-day performance issues that took a bit of tweaking to get running, but now that's all sorted out there's no reason not to buy this game."
,Recommended,403640,35134704,Posted: 22 September,all,The Yung Autist,its a good game but is no where close to the origonal
,Recommended,403640,35138525,Posted: 22 September,all,JimtheSFN,"My review will be after having played through it as Emily on very hard difficulty.Will do another playthrough with Corvo to see what differ and with no rune powers.I enjoyed the game. Graphics are stunning, music/sound is very nice and a nice story.You can as usual playthrough the game in many different ways which gives it a nice diversity on how to play through the game.I played on Ultra settings and I have a Vega 56 and it all ran smooth. Had a few stutters (like 5-6 of them in total for 1-2 seconds) in the game which I had heard others could get too. Nothing that made game unplayable or effected my playthrough.There were also a few times you could get npcs to get stuck at certain places. Also something that didn't happen often but it did thou.I did enjoy it all thou and for sure recommend it."
,Recommended,403640,26526029,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Pepperon,"Why the ♥♥♥♥ does my game look like it had Vaseline rubbed all over it. Please. I'd like it to look like my glasses are on, not off.Edit: Can't launch the game. Alright. I'd love to launch it a second time, but I guess it's my destiny, huh?Edit: Never updated this, fantastic game. Just took forever to fix it. Buy it. Do it. Right now."
,Recommended,403640,35142841,Posted: 22 September,all,Phly,this game can be replayed a bunch of times even though the story is straightforward because the world is so rich in detail and there are multiple rewarding play styles
,Recommended,403640,35168096,Posted: 23 September,all,Jimin is not here,More Dishonoured and I couldn't be happier.  I adore this game.
76561198083212508,Recommended,403640,35186298,Posted: 24 September,all,ArX,decent
,Recommended,403640,35189178,Posted: 24 September,all,Hamaon,"As far as I'm concerned Dishonored 2 is an improvement over the original (except for that it's not original). The gameplay remains largely unchanged, but that's not a bad thing if what you like stealth games. The levels are an improvement over the original, as they are a lot more varied and all have very cool secrets. But the main reason I say this is better is because of the new player character Emily (or more accurately, the powers that she has).One of the biggest disappointments of the original for me is that although it is a stealth game, most of Corvo's abilities do not promote that playstyle, namely devouring swarm, windblast, possession and bend time (the latter 2 technically can be used for stealth, but blink and dark vision do the same thing without spending a lot of mana). Emily on the other hand has a much more stealth oriented set of powers, all of which can be used for stealth. One other reason I love her powers is because the most interesting power is no longer prohibitively expensive to use. With Corvo you can do some pretty creative things with bend time, but it costs an insane amount of mana to cast and require you to spend other resources if you really want to do cool things. Emily on the other hand has domino which costs next to nothing and can achieve a similar result.The plot is a very linear revenge story, compared to the original game, the main villain in this game are given more personality (up from zero that the original villain had) although her appearances are still too sparse for me to really care. The mission goals are very predictable, most of which are to assassinate or subdue someone, who sometimes don't have much connection to the main goal. The writing quality is polarizing: some written materials are well written, but some dialogues are quite terrible. Overall I would not recommend buying this game for the story.On performance: apparently this was really bad on launch, but I guess they fixed it since as I have no complaint regarding the performance. With a GTX970 I can get an average 55fps on medium setting in 1440p, which isn't anything to write home about but it's acceptable.So in conclusion, if you didn't like the original, Dishorored 2 doesn't do anything to change your mind; but if you did, you will enjoy this game a lot."
76561198267757685,Recommended,403640,35215359,Posted: 25 September,all,asyncCallback,Another masterpiece
,Recommended,403640,26617171,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Menlow,"EDIT, oh my god HUGE EDIT:So i saw this game got quite a number of patches and decided to test it again and see how it is without all the technical problems and GODDAMN did i have fun with it.So ive been playing high chaos, slaughter everything. And what a blast that was, from the very satisfying combat finisher that make you feel like ""yah what now my dudes"" after standing in a pile of dead enemys to the well designed levels filled with secrets and oportunitys.Yes in fact after all the technical issues where not there anymore i really enjoyed playing this game. Been a whille since i actually had that ""ah just another 30 minutes"" feeling.Now to be fair, i cant say much about difficulty, ai or the actualy stealth itself because this was my first playthrough and i just had so much fun fighting 8 - 15 people at once that i threw the stealth mechanic aside after about 30 minutes in game.BUT the game was so enjoyable that im most definetely gonna play through it another or even a 3rd time. The Story is alright, pretty predictable but the gameplay itself keeps the game going, atleast for me and the final upgrades you get for your weapons (expecially the pistol, o lord ha mercy that pistol) are a great addition compared to the upgrades of the first one. Now you get like a Tier 4 Master upgrade where you can choose 1 of 2 very powerfull and usefull perks each better suited for different situation(The pistol for example with the right upgrades turns into a sniper rifle and actually changes the way the weapon looks)All in all a good 8.5/10Story 6/10Gameplay 9/10Levels / Quests 8/10♥♥♥♥♥♥ dlc politic with the death of the outsider ""stand alone"" 2/10______________________________________________________________Yeah ... well i tried. Just Filed in my refund and hope i can get my money back. If not, well i can only hope they release a patch that fixes all the issues this game has at this moment.Frame drops like hell, but i dont have to say anything more dont it? There are enought people having trouble with that we all know that by now.And the other thing is, why is this game so blurry like... I swear sometimes the game looked Horrible even on Ultra setting Plus being unplayable. Sadly the game looks fine in the Prologue of the game but that City afterwards ... damn i dont know it just seemed plain ugly in some places"
,Recommended,403640,34693321,Posted: 2 September,all,Trublade,"Play the first game firts if you have not, then come back here and buy this game. My full critique contains spoilers, so if you have not played one do that fist, otherwise this is an awesome game.See why for yourself by clicking the Vid.me link below, Vid.me the UnYoutube.https://vid.me/JQxgH"
,Recommended,403640,35268735,Posted: 28 September,all,encircled,100% worth playing if you like the first game
76561198116363382,Recommended,403640,35273119,Posted: 28 September,all,Cthulhu,gud
76561198355308337,Recommended,403640,35280246,Posted: 28 September,all,CARLTON BANKS,"it is a great game even though sadly it is poorly optimized on pc (i have a gtx 970 4gb vram), yet on medium high the game would constantly frame stutter. besides that the game is an amazing short stealth expierence which i highly reccomend"
76561198159839661,Recommended,403640,35349054,Posted: 30 September,all,Choco~Senpai,It's insanely fun and has quite a bit of replayability
76561198007740117,Recommended,403640,35343648,Posted: 30 September,all,shortysean,Great game.While I preferred the setting of the first game the world is still rich and fun to explore.Most of the missions are very different from one another and can play out in interesting ways.Gameplay is still as good as it was if not better.8/10
,Recommended,403640,35152641,Posted: 23 September,all,Helix @ Road to kms,"I really enjoyed this game, and am in the process of a second play through. This game is an embodiment of the ""play your way"" approach. You can go pure stealth or loud, and you can go straight through missions or spend much longer finding all the collectibles. Overall, I would say a 7/10."
,Recommended,403640,35164918,Posted: 23 September,all,i sniffed your hair,good game hard but fun
,Recommended,403640,35167007,Posted: 23 September,all,Tycho,"I did it all, I finished the game 6 times, got every acheivement and i still want to play it again its so fun. I know theres things i've probably still missed but nothing significant sofar as i can see but the world is so well built and it tells so many stories that you don't even have to get involved in. A tip to all those who are thinbking about buying this game, do it.I found taking out everything and everyone in an area first works best and then going back to explore is an effective way of ensuring you don't miss any loot. The issue with that is evrey person has some input into the story in a subtle way. Enemies make passing comments and these comments can give you clues towards things later in the game its that in depth.So yeah I'd give this 6/6 on my own personal scoring chart and i'd encourage everyone of you to pick it up and play it through atleast once."
,Recommended,403640,35191215,Posted: 24 September,all,AndrewPayne,Good game and ok story nice to have some new powers and areas to run round wish with the no power mode u could upgrade the normal skills.
,Recommended,403640,35240161,Posted: 27 September,all,Estiw // Offline,The Masterpiece. One of the best level designs and one of the most diverse games in terms of its passage.
76561198141521358,Recommended,403640,35231191,Posted: 26 September,all,ksharma113,"Can't speak for its issues when it came out, but I enjoyed it a lot after many of the graphical problems were fixed."
76561198045470871,Recommended,403640,35236644,Posted: 26 September,all,Anfo,After all this time you'd think Arkane would have patched the output display bug. On occasion I am telling the game that 2 of my 3 screens that it isn't the right one to play on. Or I have to correct the game resolution. Once I get past that annoyance the game is addictive and fun to play.
,Recommended,403640,35413179,Posted: 2 October,all,Bluey,"I love the dishonored series so much but my computer isnt really good enough to handle this game's graphics. Story of this is really good and gameplay is fun af but i constantly lag when i play unfortunately ;( otherwise i would recommend this game 200% to anyone.If anyone is curious as to what my computer specs are search up: ""ASUS Republic of gamers G550j""Go ahead and compare them with your own, if they are worse than mine then you will have trouble running this game or you will have to run it in a small window at lowest settings ;("
,Recommended,403640,35413266,Posted: 2 October,all,godless,"I just finish the game as Emily. It took about 12 hours. I checked every door and looked for collectibles. I started lethal but finished non-letal. The gameplay is very good and funny. You can play in many different ways . That's what i love about Dishonored. Graphics are not bad but  i use my own reshade and i recommend you to do this. Definitely a game that can be played second, third, even fourth time. I just found the story a bit weak and ordinary. Everything is fine except this one. If you like stealth games you'd like Dishonored 2.Gameplay  9/10Enemies    8/10Story         6.5/10Graphics   7/10Sounds     7/10"
76561198122728343,Recommended,403640,26530094,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,dlr4452,I really hope they fix this game.  Its not unplayable in its current state but its close.  11/10/16Game Fixed 11/30/16If you like dishonored you will like dishonored 2.  They kept the same feel of the first and expanded it in every way a great sequel should.
,Recommended,403640,35465979,Posted: 4 October,all,Jimmy?,Beautiful Game. One of the best games ever made!
,Recommended,403640,35459531,Posted: 3 October,all,Amoxichilling,"One of the most anticipated games for me. Dishonored 1 ranks easily on the top 5 games i have ever played. And here i am, finally playing Dishonored 2 almost a whole year after its release. After about 40 hours i am closing in to finishing my first playthrough, playing with Corvo. Yea I am the kind of guy that wont proceed until i have opened every drawer and every cupboard possible, and will replay the mission if a body has been found. I enjoy this game so much, that i try to make the experience last as long as possible.A worthy predecessor of Dishonored 1 (D1 in short). The story is very well made. It has followed a different route than D1 . I dont feel as if they have recycled the same things from D1 , making the experience of D2 feel as if i was playing a Dishonored game for the first time. I have found the plot very intriguing and interesting and some parts of the game have left me astonished( how many things a sleeping dart can change , right ? the butterfly effect :') ). There are many different aproaches on each mission and sidemission so you can shoose according to your prefference. And remember, allways pay attention to the smallest details and clues when playing ;)The gameplay has improved providing more options throught the 2 available charachters.Corvo and Emily and their unique Outsider powers , allow the player to fit the playstyle to his liking (either going all-in and slaughtering every person that crosses your road, or going stealthy AF ) .The level design is extremely well made, providing dozens of different aproaches on each mission and different ways and paths to move/explore the area around you.The artstyle..... I cant say enough about the artstyle. It follows the D1 distinctive kind of steam punk  - cartoonish art style that made me fall in love with D1. Music and sound are amazing making you ''live'' rather than just play the game.Regarding game engine and performance issues, playing D2 with a 3rd gen i5, 8gb of ram and a gtx1060, i havent noticed any problems and have constant smooth 60fps on high-ultra preset.Will definitely do at least two more playthroughs. Will try a different charachter and a different aproach each time . Note that both Emily and Corvo powers and rune / bonecharm progress save and are available in NG+ :)This game is recommmended AS ♥♥♥♥ ! Gj Arkane <3"
76561197978348394,Recommended,403640,35461618,Posted: 3 October,all,Dregor,"Its a fun game. The powers are fun, the parkour is pretty good, the level design is good, the story is decent. My only complaint is that sometimes the AI/spotting mechanic was buggy. Oh and when trying to do the zero lethality runs the NPCs would kill each other/randomly die and count against your body count, which is super annoying. Overall its a pretty great game. Besides fixing a few bugs the only thing that would make this better is a bigger world and the ability to play it coop."
76561198168782472,Recommended,403640,35480290,Posted: 4 October,all,MǕĿǞŊŜǺǕĈĔ,"Pros-Finding alternative pathways feels rewarding-More powers than Dishonored-Obviously looks better than Dishonored-Get to play as Emily-Nicely connects to every story element from Dishonored, with a few exceptions-Robbing black marketsCons-Not well optimized, doesn't run completely smoothly unless you have a very powerful computer-Corvo is voiced, and the Outsider has a different voice actor (opinion)-BloodfliesDishonored 2 is a good follow-up to the original. It builds nicely off of the world created in D1, and feels as rewarding as the original. 9.5/10, only because of the performance issues."
,Recommended,403640,35489029,Posted: 5 October,all,Keymaster,"If you can look past the (minor) performance issues, then you haveGood gameplayEngaging storytellingExcellet writingI recommend this game."
,Recommended,403640,35402839,Posted: 1 October,all,Electric,Better than girl
76561198061844476,Recommended,403640,35444487,Posted: 3 October,all,SAGI,"A remarkably well polished stealth game with high replayability that intrigues you for hours of play time without feeling repetitive nor bored, which is a product of success in combining good level design and game mechanics"
