user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,403950,19125655,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,CyanStars,"Long time fan of COE and Illwinter.- The UI is a big improvement on COE3- Music is a big improvement from COE3- Two new races bringing new unique ritual sets bringing even more replayability- New monsters- New weapons- New battle system, watching battles is fun now and they involve more strategy than before- Though the game is rogue-like, if you play on a huge map with few AI there is lots of content- New planes of the world to explore and battle inWhile the graphics aren't cutting edge, the units look great for the style. If you can get past the graphics you'll fall in love with the gameplayProbably missed some things but this is a definite pick up for fans of the previous games."
76561198026561884,Recommended,403950,19155148,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,niddhoger,"I seriously can't recommend this game enough.  It has its quirks (no control in combat), but the replay is huge.  All the classes actually do play differently! The ""Voice of El"" collects relics from settlements and uses them to increase his holy bonus and gain (random) units from El in his settlements.  The more ""seals"" broken (7 in total for the world), the closer the world gets to El and the more powerful units you get for free.  You can also spend money to convert settlements to your faith.  Even if an enemy recaptures it, it'll still pay you money every year (in a lump sum)!Then there are the dwarves.  They lack any ""standard"" recruitment, but gain a free dwarf every turn birthed from your Dvala (whcih can't leave its mountain home).  You then spend iron to upgrade your workers.  You gain less gold from settlements, but more iron from mines.  Mines also yield gems to power rituals or further upgrae your troops.  The mountain-mines also count as citadels (recruitment centers) that you can install more Dvala's into (for more free troops).The point is that the El faction will fight tooth and nail for large settlements to fuel their relic addiction, and while they need mines for higher-tier troops, its not critical for them.  Dwarves on the other hand, can't even collect relics.  They also get barely any gold from settlements but can't get enough iron/gems for upgrades.  Thus, its fairly typical for a dwarf  to ignore settlements and only take them away from other players.  Even if they capture a city, they can't recruit units out of it for defense (other than sporadic, expensive, mercenary options).  Nor can they upgrade their base workers in one.  So two factions that can' be bothered with the others' resource, and have their own mechanics for progress and expansion.  These are just two of the ~20 factions found in the game, too!About the combat though... while there is no real control, units still move about the grid and have varying ranges on their attacks.  They also try to fit in various ranks (front/middle/rear).  So you can have a cluster of rear-castesr that would otherwisse be secure behind two ranks of infantry.  However, if you think a few powerful frontliners are all you need, superior enemies can flank around them and gank your casters- this is particularly true for swarms of fast wolves.  Also, you can have infrantry ranks so thick that your archers can't fire over them, or casters that kill your own units with your spells! For the latter you have to turn those off, or only use resistant troops in the front ranks.  However, light frost damage ove the battlefield can be worth it if your enemy has tons of 3-4 hp fodder (goblins)... Your troops survive, they get decimated.  On the world map, they can have different move speeds and movement types.  So like in Age of Wonders, you can put together an amphibous army to attack from the coast-line, or a mountain-moving army able to quickly hit/run through a mountain range.  Also, some units are slow and others are fast.  So you can keep a quick mounted unit to scout/snatch locations from an enemy while your slow army makes the most efficient beeline to whatever the scouts found.  There is actually quite a bit of strategy involved in combat planning still... I really can't recommend this game enough to TBS fans!"
76561198140457477,Recommended,403950,19115126,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,Rockpaper,"Better music, better UI, deeper options.  Looks good and sounds good.  If you liked COE3 then you will like 4.  Worth the price.For those unfamiliar with Conquest of Elysium or Dominions games, they are extremely deep tactical turn based games.  If you have played Dominons and not COE id describe it something like this:  COE is Dominoins 4 from a commander's perspective in one province."
,Recommended,403950,19458415,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Franknfurter,"I love this game, my daughter loves this game. It's simple to play at any age, charming in its own way but it has so much depth and potential complexity I haven't been bored in ~70h (currently). The game is a massive improvement over CoE3 in almost all aspects (though it may not look it at first glance).  The only downside is the price... which is a little painful if you aren't sold on the 2d sprites. But if you can get past the graphics there is an amazing amount to love here.Analysis of games vs Daughter (hotsteat multiplayer):1. I died to deer (facepalm, always guard your citadel)2. She took my last citadel. (What did I say about guarding your Citadel?)3. I crushed her army with hordes of undead in a cataclysmic battle with no certainty of victory - and so before exiting she sneakily played my turn, moving my army into a nearby neutral Beholder in revenge and my entire army crumbled rather beautifully under the seemingly unending barrage of magic.10/10 Look forward to dying again!(All I want is more! More races, more options and for the years to pass so I can play the next iteration of the game and see what magic they weave on it).Oh and if you want a quick overview of the features here is the summary fromIllwinter's websiteThat site also has the manual you can view for all the details you could want:Here is a list of some of the features in Conquest of Elysium 4.Random maps with six different planesRoguelike randomness and replayabilityOver 1000 different monstersText descriptions for monstersA huge variety of special abilities20 classes to choose fromOver 300 different rituals60 paths of battle magic1 to 16 players, network or hotseatTeam play with AI or humansImproved AIFortifications and siege engines (or siege monsters)"
76561198106165594,Recommended,403950,19123950,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,Maximus,"There is one word that describes this game the best, and that is, “EPIC.” There’s tons of different units, rituals, magic, artifacts, and classes. The replay value on this is extremely high because it’s just so random.No two games will ever be the same. The idea is warfare. You claim different locations on the map and recruit or summon your armies to battle the neutrals or a player. The game is focused on combat which is really great because that gives more time to explore the huge database of creatures rather then spending time building cities up.The map is played out tactically and when you go into combat it’s automatically played out which is good because big battles with scores of units would take forever if it were turn based combat.I am very happy with COE4 and I would recommend this to anyone who is a fan of fantasy strategy games, this is a gem! 10/10!"
,Recommended,403950,22725668,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Cerlin,"Ok so I will keep it simple and make to categories. People who played CoE 3 and Dom 4 and those who havent.People who have:- All units and leaders have descriptions like Domions! This made me so happy. I love the lore in this game so this makes me much more engaged. Even better it is written from a Ethnocentric human empire wizard view. Calling Dwarves ants or mushrooms is hilarious.- The battle mechanics are greatly improved and closer to Dominions. Especially the fact that units can only hit units they are next too, so big units get ganged up on less.- Castle defense actually has walls, so you can hold land much easier than before. It also adds a seige dynamic that makes sense.- There are multiple demensions! 7 total demensions and they can invade the normal one, and you can invade them back. And then get lost in the void, go insane, and fight horrors until you die.For those who havent:- The game is well drawn but not graphically advanced. It never bothered me. Think of it like an eletronic boardgame.- It is an adventure of a hero and his army. And everyone in the army can pick up the advanced weapon and be a hero. If that sounds cool to you this may be your game.- It is turn based so just be ready for it.- IF you like world mythology and factions based on that, this game may be cool for you too."
76561198013132245,Recommended,403950,31160216,Posted: 15 April,all,huminado,"I have 57 hours logged in Elysium 3 - which is close to the same game.  The depth in Elysium 4 certainly has not changed, and may have increased in very subtle and important ways under the hood.This game has some very unexpected twists.  It is generally a ""brute force over all"" - but I just had a battle against a stronger army which I thought was evenly matched until half way through the battle my forces were significantly down (maybe 1/3 of the forces he had remaining) and I decided this battle and game was probably over.  Several rounds later my forces were fallen to 2 or 3 units while he still had at least 20 - maybe 30 units or so.  Okay I've lost.But then I noticed my units kept resurrecting in strange ways.  Maybe because these were some sort of swamp units that have regeneration.  It was weird.  It almost looked like a bug, but I think it was by design.  Each time they popped up the enemy  would instantly kill them (because the rezzed units had no health to speak of), but this kept going for many  rounds until finally he was down to only 5 or so units.  Then I noticed my rezzed units weren't dying anymore and more of them started to rez, until he was completely wiped out!What a surprising outcome!  So I won the battle - the enemy still had hundreds of units though and the majority of my armies were wasted, so I gave up on that game.  But getting to see that strange battle left me wanting to try it again, and take advantage of what had just happened.Cons:- This developer is notoriously inept at optimizing the UI for the sake of minimizing mouse clicks.  Between turns you'll find yourself clicking ""ok"" over and over for dialogs that could have been put into a message log, or otherwise shown as a delay.  This is also the case for Dominions 4 and exactly why I avoided the title.  I've given up on the devs in this regard.Pros:- In depth game elements.  The variety of technologies or gameplay elements, resource trees and unit dynamics between maybe 20 or more races is mind-blowing.  This is what I truly admire in the developers and wish they would still not overlook other parts of gameplay when this is so much their strong suite.I recommend this game.  :)  Yes buy it."
76561198004979129,Recommended,403950,19116855,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,{KOSD} Panfuricus,"It's essentially a rogue-like version of heroes of might and magic with stable and fun multiplayer! This fixed a lot of my issues with the previous version by vastly increasing the number of rituals and abilities available to each class in the game, and adding a nice amount of depth.The new terrain system makes playing certain classes such as the dwarves a lot easier."
76561198043776934,Recommended,403950,20448921,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,AGiantPie,"Conquest of Elysium 4 released 3 months ago, and it's already one of my most played games on Steam with ~160 hours. The only other games which have similar playtimes are at least 4 years old. Definitely my 2015 game of the year and I highly recommend it. It is simple and easy to get into yet surprisingly deep, and continues to surprise me at 160 hours."
,Recommended,403950,33205258,Posted: 3 July,all,Vexing Vision,"I summoned a huge, massive Purple Worm and decided to use its ability to tunnel downwards in a cave. I was a bit surprised to find myself in the Inferno, with devils and demons spawning all around me -  my Great Warlock of Earth had no problems with them, as she had the Army Of Gold memorized, turning her entire army fireproof. I lost a few soldiers to the bites of hellhounds and the barbed tridents of devils, but nothing I could not replenish with resummons.I freed a few villages of the Damned, accepting their fealty and their coin. And then I saw I could tunnel downwards again.Obviously I did this.I found my army wandering the Void, home of astral horrors. Gleefully I began cleansing the place of these abominations, with great success.I did not realize, however, that there now was a tunnel connecting Elysium's cave system to both the Inferno as well as the Void, and I did not expect the devils to capitalize on this.A few months after spelunking in the Void, my Citadel suddenly found itself besieged by several armies of devils... and not enough summons to defend it with.10/10, will summon Purple Worms to go Void-spelunking again."
,Recommended,403950,27248563,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Jakalor,"Play as the Necromancer, I've heard good things about him.Raise some shambling undead hordes, drop all the zombies, keep all the skeletons.Next five turns are spent being frustrated at the Necromancer being insane.Next five turns are spent being frustrated at the Deer, Bears and Boars that are stealing my♥♥♥♥♥♥Next five turns are spent being frustrated at the Necromancer being insane.Next five turns are spent looking for a Temple.Next five turns are spent being frustrated at the Necromancer being insane.Next fifteen turns are spent amassing Hands of Glory.Next five turns are spent being frustrated at the Necromancer being insane.Spend one turn creating a Lich.Next fifteen turns are spent being overjoyed at not having to deal with being insane.Spend one turn upgrading Lich to Demi-Lich.Next five turns are spent randomly teleporting around the map using Lich Gate not finding any armies.Find Hoburgs. Hoburgs have 800 soldiers, all armed to the teeth. Use Lich gate. Land right on top of them.COMMENCE OPERATION: SLAUGHTER OUR FOES WITHOUT MERCYAfter five minutes of fast forwarding through a battle, the entire Hoburg army lies dead before my Demi-Lich.Raise the teensy tiny little hoburgs as undead.REJOICE at the massive army of tiny little zombies and skeletons.10/10 would play again."
76561198009605352,Recommended,403950,34141943,Posted: 10 August,all,Ond,"My by far most played game on Steam, followed by it's predecessor CoE3, which I probably have played even more (originally bought it on Desura).Conquest of Elysium 4 is a roguelike RPG strategy game, with world exploration, conquest and exciting (but automatic) combat resolution. There is nothing like it, and it is completely amazing.I have spent huge parts of my life playing this game, and probably even more time strategizing and thinking of the amazing armies I could build. Can I win as the Priest King on a small map with max AI opponents on knight? Easily. Can I do it with the Baron? Or the Troll King? Can I ever win as the Enchanter? If I play as the Druid on a Huge map, could I summon a few Beholders?One of my most fun games, I was playing the Troll King, and on turn one he found a Staff of Fire. He had 500 kills, was Invulnerable to non-magic, and had a +3 MR item when I won that game. He was a God!Late game units like the Earth Mother or Baal, who can single handedly obliterate hundreds of enemy units, or the immortal Lich that can teleport around the map, and blow enemies up. Or half-crazed necromancer apprentices, summoning more and more undead for your armies.Buy this game. You are supporting some of the most amazing developers I know."
,Recommended,403950,32656957,Posted: 22 June,all,Aromasin,"This game is awful. The graphics are crap, the gameplay mediocre and the lore almost non-exsistent.But I can't stop playing. I don't know why. I cannot name one redeeming feature about this game, but some how all the individual ♥♥♥♥♥♥ elements have come together to make one of the most addicting games in my steam library. I bought this because I enjoyed Dom 3, but it's almost nothing like Dom 3. I don't get it. I think I need help.I don't know whether to rate it 10/10 or 2/10. Don't buy it above £10, but if it drops and you love strategy games, and I do mean LOVE, it's worth picking up."
76561198126278109,Recommended,403950,19371861,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Veksha,"Very decent game with no frills. Formula is simple: player must gather army, gain control on resource spots and destroy all other factions. There is very simple economy, no construction, no even a sign of diplomacy and research. But there are many factions, units and spells, clashed in endless uncompromising battle.Variety of factions is the best part of Conquest of Elysium. Game has twenty factions, each of them has its own unique style and gameplay, they even require different resources. Just a pair of examples: while trolls roam the forest in search of fungi, humans are trying to burn the groves, for their armies forest is nothing more than an obstacle in path. Demonologists gather sacrifice, hoping to call powerful allies from Inferno. Priests of El convert settlements in right faith, while their leader seeks to bring the Apocalypse. Each faction plays differently and it is really good.Maps are randomly generated, considering a variety of factions and units it ensures that each new game will be different from previous. Game offers a large number of combinations, so it will not be boring.AI is decent. It is obvious that on higher difficulty levels AI receives bonuses, so he can collect very powerful forces. For me it was not easy to play with AI even on medium difficulty, game is challenging enough.Unfortunately, from my point of view, Conquest of Elysium is far from perfect. First of all, i do not have enough control of units. I can not design formation for my troops. In combat, units just rush forward and beat each other; in same time, valuable warriors such as mounted commanders or heroes are often in first lines, so they die in vain.Wizards cast spells at random and it is impossible to predict what spell your magician will cast next turn. Will it be powerful attack, able to destroy half of the enemy squad, or it will be something completely useless? Random knows! I really want to see a system that allows to customize the formation and tactics of units. Such system is implemented in other game created by Illwinter - Dominions, and i hope to see something like that.Balance is not perfect too. A lot depends on the generation of map. If settlements are rare then human Baron or priests or El will be very weak, because they can not realize their full potential. If there is no forests, then trolls will not have enough resources to their powerful spells. Map generator can place a powerful monster right next to your capital and you can not do anything about it. And so on.As for monsters. Neutral creatures, roaming around, can sometimes attack your settlements. This is not surprising, but i do not understand how lone deer can capture fortress. Even if there is no soldiers, but deers can not climb the walls, and why they need to attack fortress anyway? I may give advice to beginners: do not leave your capital unprotected, unless you want it to be captured by moose or snake or a band of hamsters from nearby meadow.A lot depends on luck. Your best wizard can be smashed by stone from a catapult during the minor siege of small fortress; your brave commander, leader of elite infantry squad, can decide that it is good idea to attack pack of wolves without waiting for footmen; puny serpent can poison your favorite dragon or giant... a lot of things can go wrong. Well, from my perspective, it adds some spice to the game.Graphics looks dated. In fact, i am calm about graphics, but... just imagine how great Conquest of Elysium would look with modern engine... well, this is just dreams.Anyway. Despite all flaws, Conquest of Elysium brought me a lot of pleasure, i want to play this game again and again. If you enjoy turn-based strategic games in fantasy style, i can safely recommend this game to you. Perhaps, Conquest of Elysium is not perfect; maybe it could be better; but it is very, very good."
,Recommended,403950,27766905,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,ToxicFrog,"It looks ugly, the UI could use some work, and the balance is, often, questionable.Despite this I routinely stay up way too late playing it. It's worth a look just for all the crazy units, spells, and abilities you can discover. Want to summon demons until hell is empty, thendig a tunnel into hell, conquer it, and use it as your base of operations as your demon armies march across the world? You can do that. Want to conquer an enemy capital by planeshifting their entire defensive army into the land of the dead? You can do that. Want to roam around the oceans building up a gigantic murderball of fishmen and merfolk before suddenly emerging from the waves as an unstoppable force? You can do that too.If you want all the glorious madness of Dominions in a more accessible, singleplayer-friendly package, CoE4 is what you're looking for."
,Not Recommended,403950,19545098,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Warlord Mal,"I am a huge fan of Call of Elysium 3 for starters. I played it a good amount so I figured this game would be the same, but more.Well, there is more...but a lot of it is just so broken, it is depressing.If you are new to the series and are wanting to jump into what makes this game great - go get Conquest of Elysium 3. It works and is practically the same game minus the Illusionist class and the rituals that each caster gets in this game.Game Breaking Cons-Your main commanderwill run ahead of ranged units protecting him( even though he is a back rank unit that is supposed to keep his distance), just so he can melee units with his fists or staff. For those that don't know..if your commander is killed, you cannot move your army across the map anymore.-The new shiny battlemapscrews up the AI to where if the map is filled with your large army, they wont move until enemies are within so many squares...making summoning mages/units very useless. If there is no space for them to exist in, they get spawned on the opposite side of the map...where they usually are killed..or may get lucky and kill the casters of the enemy due to this bug. On top of this, your army will eventually just stop and pile up at the front gate, barely maneuvering through the opening.-Siege weaponsdon't work if you have a big army that pushes them more than 20 squares back.-The AI on the strategic mapwill generally mill around and will not attack your main outpost, giving you nearly unlimited time to build up, you just need to avoid them long enough to eventually overpower them.-Your very precious faction command unitswill be offered for recruitment very rarely, even with magic libraries or increased chances of recruitment. This makes building a decent army hard...and very punishing if you lose them in the beginning.The game looks much better (compared to CoE3) and could be really fun. But this game needs to go back to the drawing board with its execution on battles and AI. Otherwise, it is an exercise in frustration."
,Recommended,403950,30499451,Posted: 13 March,all,Rafael M.,"Conquest of Elysium 4 is a unique game that mixes 4X (eXplore, eXpand, eXploit and eXterminate) with roguelike elements, such as permadeath and procedural generation. The game has 21 classes (nations), six dimensions (being Elysium, the initial dimension, similar to the planet Earth), hundreds of units, seven kinds of universe (societies) to be generated, five different map sizes, support for up to 16 players and / or CPUs, up to six teams, 10 levels of difficulty, support for mods and full customization of UI size, graphics and sound effects.The game's battle system is quite different, as it's not possible to command the units. Although this seems somewhat pointless in theory, in practice it works very well. Battles are resolved according to the pros and cons of each unit, their current status (blessed, cursed, poisoned, for instance) and battlefield conditions, which may contain hiding places, walls and gates, among others. This system also causes epic battles involving hundreds of units to be completed in a much shorter time than if we needed to control each unit. It is also possible to accelerate the battle or to pause it, but it will never be possible to interfere with it after its beginning, and the best phase of preparing for the fight is recruiting varied units according to the weaknesses of a certain class of enemy and adding them before the match starts. The organization of the troops is done automatically and follows a pattern, and it's not possible to take advantage or disadvantage in this aspect, so take your time while you think what kind of units must be recruted.The graphics are all made in tilesets and are somewhat reminiscent of Tales of Maj'Eyal. The sound effects part is quite simple, being only functional, but on the other hand, the soundtrack is exceptional. Not surprisingly, the developers at Illwinter Game Design have been granted permission to use Adrian von Ziegler's songs in the game, providing an epic and Celtic atmosphere for the Elysium universe. The interface is the elephant in the room. With unconventional controls (such as movement using Q, W, E, A, D, Z, X, C instead of W, A, S, D), several essential shortcut keys, no information on options, and also the lack of tutorial, the game is certainly intimidating and practically impossible to be played efficiently without at least reading a little of its 72 page manual. The good thing is that the manual has a nice and pleasant reading, and it is not necessary to read it in its entirety. Just follow the part about the controls and the interface while playing and you're good to go. Even though it was the fourth title of the franchise, if only the game came with a small tutorial, this would help give it more visibility, making it more accessible to more people.Speaking of gameplay, Conquest of Elysium 4 classes are so different from each other that if we learn to play with one, we will need a good time to adapt with another, because besides the universal mechanics for all of them, there are some mechanincs that are unique of certain classes. Not to mention the dimensions (called ""planes"" in the game). For instance: there's one in the game which is the true hell, with diabolical creatures and other creepy things. It is possible to travel between them, and this causes the generated maps to multiply their size by six, since they are six dimensions, and sometimes some monsters and creatures escape these dimensions and spawn at the quiet Elysium, bringing chaos and destruction to a relatively peaceful world. With all this in mind, you can have an idea of ​​how rich this game is.The universe of Conquest of Elysium 4 is so extensive and deep that it is impossible to discover everything in it in just a few games. It takes dozens, if not hundreds, of hours of gaming to see everything. Even more impossible is to speak of all this in this humble review. So here's my recommendation for you to get to know the game. If you like strategy, planning and tactical thinking, take time to learn how to play this game. It's worth it.Pros* Rich and deep universe with a ton of content* Many customization options, with variants for both beginners and experienced in strategy* Great and immersive soundtrack* Support for mods* Constant content updatesCons* Unintuitive UI* Lack of tutorial"
76561198116527414,Recommended,403950,29356121,Posted: 19 January,all,Sigmar,"I like the game, but I am not excited about it.PresentationThe graphics are pretty basic for a game of 2016 and the fourth instalment in a series. The two-dimensional top-down views both on the map and in battle are functional and consistent, but as unimpressive as the 20 years old Civilization 2 after playing Civ6. No cutscenes, no character portraits, no animations at all. Sound effects are sparse as well. The background music is nice though.GameplayThe gameplay is accessible and easy to understand: Conquer resources, levy troops and hire commanders, defeat enemies - repeat. The depth of strategy is based on the procedurally generated maps and the bandwidth of different factions you can play, and that latter one is indeed a big plus. A baron with his knights and crossbowmen actually plays differently from a druid who uses the powers of nature. I don't mind little flaws - e.g. I did not understand how a single wild deer could prevent a whole village from yielding taxes until you conquer it a second time. I do mind that the AI does very stupid things occasionally, but I have yet to see a strategy game where this is not the case, so this is forgivable.A big minus, however, is the fact that you do not get to command your troops in battle. This feature, or rather lack of features, was the biggest disappointment for me. It all plays out automatically, with a step-by-step battle report on the side (which impairs my immersion, because it is stat-related and technical). You cannot even give basic commands like ""retreat"" or ""defensive stance"". Neither can you influence the battle formation, and in large armies, that can lead to archers being useless because your own ranks in front of them prevent enemies from getting into shooting range. Maybe, the developer wanted to spare the player too much micromanagement, but this could have easily been solved by making such interventions optional. Also, I do not understand why castles and watchtowers are all represented exactly the same. At least, you don't have to watch every skirmish play out, but can increase speed or skip to the final result, which I ended up doing regularly after an hour.VerdictThis quite decent retro indie game does not actually offer a lot of production value, but it manages to stimulate your imagination to make up narratives while you experience a minimalistic strategy game with an exceptional variety of different units. 6.5/10."
76561198020728468,Recommended,403950,19129001,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,Gerard,"A case of evolution over revolution. For those new to the series: Conquest of Elysium 4 is a turn based strategy game with roguelike elements. a spinoff of the Dominions series. I've sunk hundreds of hours in COE 3 and Dominions 4, and probably will spend a similar amount on COE 4.Pro's-New battle system, shown in the trailer-New rituals, more rituals per classCons-Gameplay is very similar to COE3Verdict: for those that want more of the same, look no further."
76561197972462277,Recommended,403950,19146907,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,chriskessel,"It's a fun, light 4x-ish game that fills an unusual niche in strategy gaming.The Pros and Cons are often the same thing.For example, combat is simple and automated, but there is a point to how you create your stacks. Some troops have better synergy than others. con - lack of control, pro - no micromanagement. Which matters more to you is pretty subjective depending on what you're looking to get out of the game.It's random and you can get terrible starting positions or great ones. You'll get key troop offers when you need them or maybe not. If that happened in a 40 hour Civ game, it'd be annoying. In a few hour Civ-lite, it just means some runs are more challenging than others.It's not really a rogue-like, but it has that feel to it. Quick turns, very limited numbers of controllable units (often 1-2 stacks for much of the early game). Lots of random independent critters to kill. You'll die frequently :)It fills a pretty uncommon slot in strategy games. If you've ever wanted to play a game of Civ in 1/20th of the time, Conquest of Elysium scratches that itch."
,Recommended,403950,31795465,Posted: 16 May,all,Levity,"The High Priestess defected from the empire, raising a grand Temple-City in the warm savannahs south-west of the world. Here, her rebellion went largely uncontested, quickly claiming a nearby library of the high arts, hoping to attract more magic users to her cause: The Resurrection of the God of Death, Blood and Shadow. Baal. Yet, as the rebellion spread further north, the world and its forces seemed to converge as the Priestess approached the heart of the empire.Endless forests rung with the drums of hordes of goblins and looming trolls; Another, who claimed himself the 'Priest King', commanded armies of savage, exotic, bare-chested warriors and giant animals; And a Warlock, practitioner of the arcane with mercenaries of men and slaves of the elements, also sought ascension. The High-Priestess, and her armies of men and giants summoned through blood rituals, fought for control of these rich northern lands, but it seemed like total victory could never be assured.Then, a ritual was stumbled upon: One that would resurrect the God of Death Baal himself. The High Priestess wasted no time strengthening the cities and towns that provided the most blood sacrifices. The hordes of the false pretenders were held back, until, one night full of blood, shadow and sacrifice, with goblins and trolls beating their war drums in the forests only just beyond; Baal was summoned to the world once more.Entire armies fell choking on their own blood. Men, goblins, trolls and dwarfs turned on one another, or fled, before the visage of death that was Baal. Like a shadow even beneath the sun the God of Death reaved across the land, leaving precious few alive to tell the tales of those terrible battles. Those few survivors hailed from all corners of the world, but were now converted to worship only Baal. A new faith was forming.The empire's capital soon fell to the shadow beyond the wall. Giants loyal not even to Baal himself began to rise from deep pools of blood welling from the earth.The High Priestess revelled in the glory, though not without worry; as many of her own domains began to fall to the swords and magic of the giants. She had ushered in a new age, and was powerful enough to hold onto her own corner of the world, but for how long? Meanwhile, city after city fell before the black shadow or the huge tread of the maneaters; until there stood none to oppose them.The War of the Pretenders was over, but as the High Priestess gazed from the highest point of her huge Temple-City dedicated to the God of Death; she wondered what place she had in the world now the deed was done.Perhaps, she would fight back. There could be room for only one God in this world.SUMMARY: Giant war between a glorious mess of fantasy cliches ended in me summoning a one-man show who slaughtered over 600 units, conquered many cities on his own and ushered in a apocalypse of giants. Tremendous fun. It satisfies an itch I've had for a relaxed strategy game but still with a lot of depth and fun.It's like a casual Dominions 4. I'm well up for that.Honestly, if I wanted to type up every little story that ocurred during that game, this review could be twice as long easily. There was the conquering of the capital and other cities of the empire, as Baal reforged the nation that had been taken apart by enemy pretenders and the giants. Baal's recruitment of magic-users loyal to his cause. A new elite. The slaying of the Dwarven Queen and over 150 of her children by Baal. A battle with Air Elementals where Baal actually nearly died. A swim to the end of the world by an Old Man of the Sea (or something). Astral horrors spreading from a crystal birthed from a fallen comet. Baal's search for a level 3 library where he could learn better spells. The conquering of the various faction's capitals by Baal and notable battles. The defense of the ancient magical libraries from the giants in the hope of attracting different magic users. Dabbling in necromancy where one special Giant leader could summon with necromancy magic, resulting in a hybrid army..... I'll stop now. Think that's all."
,Recommended,403950,19466734,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,"Wynnda, Miko of the Gusta","Great game; takes a much different direction than dominions.... but in my opinion a much needed alternative to the complexity that is dom4(Though that is part of what makes that game so great :P)...I'd compare it like warcraft to starcraft, starcraft is the macro, warcraft the micro, here you focus more on recruiting commanders, and taking your armies to take other settlements/towns/defeat other players in different ways.Every single class plays wildly different from the others, for example, the troll king starts with no secondary commander or hero powers but he is immensely powerful and is capable of taking guard towers solo in the early game, meanwhile voice of el can break seals which cause minions to randomly join his cause.... but going too far will cause an apocalypse to happen, as the seals get more and more unstable releasing stronger beings into elysium... meanwhile druid can recruit animals from nearby forests, and has many uses for ancient forests and the like, populating forests with his own creatures allowing him to setup massive defenses... I can't say any of the two classes really play the same, at all really, which is a plus since there's currently 20 classes.Early game is a bit hard for certain classes, but if you can get through it, those factions usually become much much stronger later on than the ones that have an easier time early game, so risk vs reward... all it takes is one lucky hit for a troll king to be slaughtered in one blow, (open ended dice means that if you roll a 1d5 for damage, and roll a 5{maximum} a 5 will be added, you roll again, each consecutive 5 after this adds 4 {5-1} damage, which can stack infinitively, causing a possibility for a single levie/random miltia to slaughter a troll king/dragon in one blow...) which brings another point, this game is very heavily RNG based, don't expect to win every game even if you have a near flawless strategy and are in an overwhelming lead, something can happen that can turn the entire game around in an instant... Remember, it's a game, so play to have fun, even if a meteor strikes on your biggest army in the middle of nowhere, or a gate to inferno opens and your army is slaughtered by demons.I'd consider this game a turn-based warcraft if you will, much better mechanics involved here (if a descriptor says it does something, it does it... be sure to read certain descriptions, like for ghouls; if a ghoul feeds on another person, that person will also turn into a ghoul if they die, this isn't shown as an ability, but it's clearly depicted in the description.), all in all one of the best, definitely top 2 strategy games I've played, the other also being an illwinter game (Dominions 4), so if you love strategy and want a quick skirmish (though, games still do take the better part of an hour or three if playing on medium with 3 players;) then this is the game. Dominions 4 is better for longer games and has more management aspects overall, but I'd almost argue that the combat, though unable to be as finely tuned (with scripting spells and army order) is better here, since you can clearly see all units depicted on each of their own tiles, the visual noise isn't too crazy, you can see each and every target getting hit, and the combat log is full of information for each battle.hrm, getting a bit off track, not the best at writing reviews but yeah, definitely recommend this one,p.s. the soundtrack is AMAZING, wish it came in mp3 or something so we could listen to it any time."
,Recommended,403950,33301379,Posted: 5 July,all,RelicLord,"Like Illwinter's Dominions this game is harsh, tutorial-free, and endlessly deep and rewarding when you figure things out. It's an interesting fantasy setting filled with carnivorous pack hunting deer, giant monsters, and magic. At first, just figuring out how to take and hold territory against animal raids will seem tough. The element of the unknown makes it feel like exploring a deadly and magical frontier. Can you actually beat that damn giant crab, or that wandering ""otherness""? Only one way to find out.Given a few hours, you'll be fielding professional legions bolstered by demon lords in no time. I know I was.Compared to Dom4, this game seems to have a much heavier focus on interesting battles and rpg elements for singleplayer. I actually found myself watching the auto-resolve battle replays closely, yelling at the screen with every lucky bandit arrow and cheering with every fireball unleashed upon my enemies.Overall, if you're willing to learn a new system and old-school GUIs don't phase you, get it and dig in. CoE4 will reward you handsomely."
76561198073354638,Recommended,403950,28133499,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,mengluo123,"Start game, random Air Warlock.Enslave some sylphs, zap some local militia, take over their towns.Dwarves keep trying to steal my towns, zap their armies.Trek through half the continent, fighting off giant moose and bears, finally manage to locate their fortress.Upgrade warlock to lvl 3, invade dwarven capital.Dwarven ballistas skewer half my army, lvl 3 warlock calls upon lightning, kills all of theirs.Air gem income now doubled, try out lvl 3 spell Perpetual Storm.Spawns air elementals every few turns, gives bonus air gem income.mfw exponential growth.mfw can cast on any tile.Spend next 100 turns spamming that thing, soon casting a Perpetual Storm every turn.Entire continent covered in air elementals, enemy fortresses all surrounded and being attacked every turn, full map visionEnemies cant leave their fortifications without being swarmed.Win game by spamming a single spell10/10 would Airpocalypse Again"
,Recommended,403950,19196073,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,Tchey,"This is not a ""simple Dominions"". The game feels to me actually closer to Heros of Might and Magic for the main map, and closer to Dominions for the battle system.Even reading the 70 pages manual is enjoyable, packed with hints and knowledge. You will need them all to understand the true nature of Illwinter games.I play both Dominions 4 and Conquest of Elysium 4. Both are great and enjoyable, for different reasons, but both share the same ""mood"". It's good. It's deep. It's dense.More than recommended."
76561198052650736,Recommended,403950,24611510,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Iskal,"After more than 180 hours, I keep discovering new things within this game. It's a gem.Multiplayer, both coop and vs, is incredibly funny."
76561198014533670,Not Recommended,403950,21234943,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Daemone Isos,"I love Dominions and have played it over several versions and hundreds of hours.I bought CoE3 a while back, and did not enjoy it.  The reviews of CoE4 were so positive, I thought I should try again.Unfortunately, I didn't have much fun.  Playing felt mostly like a chore.  And the endless wandering stacks of independents are simply ridiculous and arbitrary.  They get very monotonous quickly, even though they are made up of a diversity of mobs."
76561198027747033,Recommended,403950,23333669,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,arthur,"I was long looking for a game which could create same passion like FTL. And then I found COE4. It is simple to play but at the end very deep complexity, very engaging and makes a lot of fun."
76561198011261504,Recommended,403950,20421597,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Ymorr,"Brilliant game.Pros:Deceptively complex beneath a simple superficial appearance.Hundreds of unit - still coming across new ones after 60 hours playtime.Excellent balance and variety of play styles  across the different starting classes - ranging from necromancers  (that rapidly go insane), giant-sized Troll kings to more typical human classes.Randomly generated maps guarantee replayability.End-game spells and summoning generates even further variety and cunning interactions (like the necromancer summoned Abomination that grows more and more powerful if left on a tile with corpses from a previous battle).Cons:Old-school graphics, I find the sprites and tile based look appealing but mileage may vary.Randomly generated start positions can occassionally make the early game very difficult.Highly recommend to people who want a good game with excellent underlying mechanisms rather than just shiny graphics (looking at you Total War series)."
,Recommended,403950,33866569,Posted: 28 July,all,Hank,"Another excellent entry in the Conquest of Elysium series.If you're a lover of good graphics, you might as well just leave right now as CoE utilizes lower graphic 2D unit cards and limited animation, but that is part of what makes this game so great. It's charming but also an insane amount of fun. The variety of factions you can play is immense and they all feel so incredibly different. The maps are always randomly generated, and they've added so much more from the 3rd game, including battles that actually play out with units moving on a battlefield.This game has come a long way and is a ton of fun; well worth it for anybody who loves strategy games with RPG aspects and doesn't mind 2D graphics. Trust me, the content more than makes up for it. It might look like Grandma gave you socks for Christmas, but it turns out she snuck a $100 bill inside. You're welcome."
76561198057921410,Recommended,403950,32098773,Posted: 31 May,all,Severisth,"I'm now on my 7th game from the start and I'm still discovering things. A lot of the most fun games with the deepest gameplay have simple graphics, and this is one of them."
76561197962726086,Recommended,403950,25310575,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,shotgun.ben,"Let's get something out of the way. The game looks ugly to the outsider. But let me reassure you – when you're ravaging the countryside with your necromancer's army of the undead or laying siege to coastal towns so that your demented priest can summon Cthulu-inspired monsters, the graphics won't matter one bit.This is one of the rare games that challenges the imagination as much as it does your skill. Though the game is addictive and complex, it really shines when you allow yourself to get sucked into its universe – when you assign histories and personalities to the bizarre commanders and heroes you recruit to lead your armies. When you visualize the fear of your enemies as you approach them with your army of flame-breathing demons.Too many games hold your hand and get in the way of letting your imagination run wild. Great graphics and 1,000-page RPG scripts are an example of this. It's hard to imagine your own heroes when you can see the individual specks of beard stubble rendered on your character in 1080p. This game trades those luxuries for some rich lore, deep gameplay, and graphics that are just good enough so as to not be distracting (as Dwarf Fortress is for me).Play it, and get lost."
76561198100644677,Recommended,403950,25088338,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Mapledipmydingdong,Amazing game! I'm so glad to have stumbled upon this gem after playing Dominions 4.
76561198007704820,Recommended,403950,25007269,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Xanael,"i played a decent amount of CoE 3 and this one is a massive improvement, i love the planes, i love the new system of learning rituals, and i love accidentally summoning a demon lord that decides to eat me instead of joining me, just had a fun little run with the demons in my usual 16 computer ffa on small, just me and the priest king left that was taking my fringe settlements one by one until my small band of demon summoning demons, roughly 50 and two demon lords that took forever to grind up was sent to face him, one of my demons has a stun all spell, which combined with my t3 cultists fear all enemies won me the battle against his 600 army of way too much melee, now as long as i don't summon another demon lord that wants to eat me, i should be able to retake my southern lands and maybe send in a sneaky guy to turn one of the enemy villages into a portal to inferno, just to spice things up a bit and distract him long enough to kill the void creatures that like the cube that just happened to appear in the crater next to my home base. . . rng with the concept of when it rains, it pours, next thing i know maybe hades will get too close and the 600 soldiers i just killed will turn into a couple hundred lesser undead to terrorize the country side, havn't attempted online yet but i would love to do some faction wars, though i play in a slow style that makes me think it would be better to co op against the ai. . .only thing i don't like is the enchanter, no matter how many times i play it i just can't balance my economy with summoning my powerful golems, might have found a solution with farming heroes for regen items but my army of 200 life golems were one shotted by a decay cloud before i could try it out, but being able to mass produce hundreds of one life bows makes defending high value bases easy for the early game while trying to get all those iron rich areas, funniest moment so far, i didn't notice my hero had a soul scythe, and he one shot an enemy that i was trying to run away from, troll king 0, hero 1last thing, end game warlocks are overpowered, it is difficult to reach a good income of all four gems but once you have earth or water/air you can start getting the extra resource nodes in the underground plane or the ones out in the ocean, then the earth group can dig to inferno, the water ones can go to elemental water and eventually the nexus, and the air ones can just fly around the map and outmaneuver every other race, fire aspect is great for high damage but whenever i use them i always have to fight demons, so no luck there"
,Recommended,403950,19164941,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,Tolbin,"Picked this up as soon as I saw it (yesterday). I enjoyed CoE3 a lot and the sheer amount of new features in CoE4 is astounding.New map gen system looks great. New combat system has made fighting more interesting since terrain/forts makes a difference. Getting stuck at the walls of a fort while archers (and that one pesky wizard you didn't notice) throw everything they got at you from on top of the walls can really put a damper on your plans.Random starting rituals will help keep it interesting when you roll the same class again. And there's two new classes! Haven't tested them out yet since for the games that I've played so far I've used random classes.I really like the graphics. The font seems much clearer and easier to read than in CoE3. And the spell effects look great.I can't wait to play some more this coming weekend! Stupid work and RL!Oh btw, I'm playing on linux. Works flawlessly, just like CoE3 and Dominions 3/4. Thanks Illwinter!"
76561198039471080,Recommended,403950,19156803,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,codadun,"If you liked or wanted to like Conquest of Elysium 3, but found it flawed, this game basically fixes all of the previous' problems."
,Recommended,403950,29991333,Posted: 17 February,all,Skeluhtor,"The charm and depth of this game will not diassapoint, especially if you love strategy war games or old 2d civ style. The lore and fantasy in this game it's like a perfect union of classic table top rpgs, fantasy books, and video games.Just when you think this game may not be all that great it will surprise you. If you find you aren't enjoying it I highly suggest looking into differant armies and map settings."
,Recommended,403950,19135561,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,himrahill,"It's an improved version of CoE3The additions are really neat, and it's pure pleasure to discover everything the game has to offer.Turns are quick, and so is death. You can rise an army of 100+ units and be wiped like a child in one poorly chosen fight.The expanded ritual system is a very welcomed addition: it adds a bit of more things to do, without too much complexity.The new fights represention is very cool, with well defended places feeling really fortified.I'd crave for more factions now :) It's easily moddable but it's always good to have polished, official content.I want to discover what there is to see on the new planes, so well I'll back to play a few hours... One. More. Turn. ^^"
76561198038091775,Recommended,403950,21898553,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,Amor Sin,"Welcome to Elysium!A few things to note, this game is not for everyone, the graphics aren't the most advanced and the fighting isn't exactly hands on, infact youre not even a general! Think of yourself as the quartermaster/recruiter/eventorganizerYou don't fight, you don't lead, you just tell people where to go and give them troops and they do the rest!So what is Coe4 exactly?Its a turn based strategy game where various players are competing to be crowned big bossThe gameplay itsself is quite simple, pick a class (these guys are each unique, some more so than others) You gather gold/iron/ and depending upon your class one of the following: Gems, Herbs, Mushrooms, Sacrifices, The severed hands of criminals as well as weed.That's right weed, those cheeky hoburglar hopped up on some green stuff, no wonder their fat.If you've sticked around for this long heres real talk.This game fufiles a niche that is lacking in strategy games. While you can play it seriously you can also play it with a more laid back attitude, while their is some strategy and though required, for the most part the game is not balanced, their is a lot of variety and things you can do.The gameplay itsself is quite simple to learn but complicated to master. While on the surface each class seems to be similar to several other in one way or another, their not.Each class plays drastically difference from each other has advatanges and disadvantages, as well as various unique abilitites beyond similarites, for example: The Senator, based off of Roman esque legionaries can declare himself the Emperor which gives him a few boons, no one else can do this, unless of course you encounter someone or a bot playing as the Senator and then proceed to take control of him :p---Now for my personal opinionTheir is a lot to be desired but I love this game for what it is: A laid back be a warlord stomp some face with your armies get conquered by deer because you forgot to leave a troop behind, reroll as a caster get mauled by a manticore on turn one, reroll again as a druid, off to a great start, what's this no special location to be able realize your full potential?This game won't hold your hand, it is also not forgiving, but this game teaches you to learn from mistakes, to look to the future but also remember the present and most importantly scouts are not a luxury they are a necessity.So yes I recomend it, but I also recomend if a friend has it, to play theirs, or to watch some videos on YouTube before buying simply because this game is not for everyone."
,Recommended,403950,19121064,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,Astraeus,Superb improvement over the previous iteration. Highly recommended for fans of 3.
76561198037356316,Recommended,403950,19697868,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Squibie,"Pretty good game. Should cost more though. Im feeling ripped off buying food now. If only I could eat CoEs. Maybe i can, since thats pretty much all i had. From the day this masterpiece landed in my library."
,Recommended,403950,19565536,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Rhavviepoodle,"To me, this game is like Johan and Kristoff took all of their really cool original ideas from dominions and mashed them together into a single world and decided to have -fun- with the whole thing. CoE has much less micro than dominions and plays a lot faster, but it isn't an easier game. It is true that CoE 4 is going through a lot of growing pains right now, but it is quite humbling how efficient Johan is at fixing things. I've reported a good handful of bugs and have seen most of them fixed. And at the same time, I can confirm that CoE 4 is a straight improvement over CoE 3 in most respects. It's more than worth every penny and I can highly recommend it. If you do decide to give it a shot, be mindful that it is made and maintained by pretty much two people. Attention to detail is kind of Illwinter's thing, and there happen to be a loooooot of details in this game, so missing a few of them is only natural. Most of the bugs or oversights aren't game breaking by any means and the game is a blast, even where it needs improving on."
76561197964099422,Recommended,403950,19121198,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,bun,Well done Illwinter.What a beautiful game.
76561198032354611,Recommended,403950,24397267,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,prophetg,"Simple, fast to play, but a lot to discover before exhausting this game. Almost every faction has a specific gameplay, and playing them was each time a different pleasure.The first steps of a game are always dangerous and require to be very cautious. It is a nice feeling to feel that danger until you can at least say ""good, I'm strong enough now"". That's one of the feeling I liked in this game, as well as discovering the factions, the units, the different gameplays, and also exploring each different plane along my various games.What I keep from this game : launch a game, play like crazy until I've won or been defeated. From 15 minutes to 8 hours to get over with it, that the kind of time I like to spend for a one-shot single game like this."
76561198111715771,Recommended,403950,20200528,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,pepe le moko,"Even though it appears deceptively simple at first and it is not as complex or deep as Dominion, it is pure strategy at work. Every move/action matters.The 20 factions that each play very differently combined with the randomness of the maps mean you can play this game almost endlessly.Finally the lore is great and the music is amazing.This is a hundred times better than HOMM or AoW."
76561197998997668,Recommended,403950,19143628,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,ellist05,I have only left two reviews for games on steam:  Age of Decadence and this one!  I give this game 5 stars.  It has a lot of real differences and choices between nations and does not get bogged down in micro management.  The new combat system is a HUGE addition to the game compared to COE 3.Please buy multiple copies of this game at full price so we can reward the developers of this game so they keep adding content and making new games.
76561198000385268,Recommended,403950,20717107,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,[LINUX]oldrocker99,"Illwinter clunky interface? Check. Illwinter monsters? Check. COE 2's great deal of roguelike unfairness? Check. Even better music than COE 3? Check. More and more, more than COE 3 of that COE Gaming Goodness? Check.Once again, Illwinter has created a game that, once one gets past the interface (which is 100% usable, don't get me wrong), will find a game of great detail and depth.Just expect that roguelike unfairness..."
76561198034216876,Recommended,403950,28023761,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Tassadar,"So I had this game on my radar for a while, being a fan of both high fantasy and strategy. COE 4 does not fail to deliver on either front, providing rich lore in the form of flavor text for all units you encounter in the game and interesting skirmishes enhanced by the use of magical spells. Each ""hero class"" for your commander comes with its own repertoire of magic and/or abilities, giving you new options to explore on each playthrough (as a demonologist I rushed to Tier 3 magic as quickly as I could and pinned all our hopes on summoning a demon lord).Overall a very fun experience and I would recommend it to fans of strategy and DnD-style settings!"
76561198023899327,Recommended,403950,19151530,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,knowthyself2,"I opened up a gateway to hell deep in enemy territory in order to overwhelm them.  The plan worked, except that the demons ended up overtaking me before my enemy, the Senator Tantalus, who then won the game.After I had opened a portal to Inferno, I had decided to make a foray into hell, searching for anything useful.  While this might seem like a mistake at first, it actually kept me alive, as the demonic forces were too busy ravaging Elysium to bother with the minor foothold I kept in hell.  Eventually, after my tellurian citadels were overthrown by rampaging demon lords, I decided to bring my demonic army back to Elysium and shut the gateway to hell.  I succeeded in doing this, but hell's legions were persistent, and kept reopening the gates.  Eventually, they conquered my last city, far to the south of my original citadel (long since overrun by a heliphagus and his army), which was meant to be the point where I would rebuild my strength, given its proximity to the gateway to hell.  Thus, I lost.  My enemy, a relic of the empire's height, continued to hold out against the demons after I was wiped out, and thus was declared the victor.10/10"
76561197988441268,Recommended,403950,33355563,Posted: 7 July,all,domic,"The graphics are at least as good as you'd find in an elementary school comp-sci project. Well, maybe not, but I'm feeling generous with praise. You don't play this game for the glitter. You play it for the well crafted rule set, and a race / faction design philosophy that gives each faction a fundamentally different ( and engaging ) play style. The Troll King stomps around, the Druids turn ancient forests into beast spawning monster summoning terror traps, the Blind Olm ... I forget what they do. Something mystical. There's 20 or so game styles packed in.I come back to this game every now and then and put in another 20 hours. There's not many I can say that about.( you know how gamers develop their little micro-ideologies, like ""save games ruin it !"" ... that's in full force here. No loading a save game without quitting to desktop first. )"
76561198052407497,Recommended,403950,19193935,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,malte_s,"Hi,EN review version, DE follows belowThis is my first review, I'm not a native speaker ...By discovering this game in Steam I was not sure whether this game is worth the ~20€ at all. Finally I've bought it some minutes later to come to know about the price tag. This time I was sceptical but see my review:-no specific order-Pros:+ music (and you can listen to it the full day *subjective*)+ roleplay contentlevel of descriptive informationsheer number of different unitsequipable items (once found)+ distinct gameplay per charmultiple strategies to win for (most of) the chars *subjective*counter-classes available+ complexity of game mechanicsalot traitsbig armies possiblein battle summoningpre-/in-/post-battle calculationsseasons / climate+ mapprocedural generated mapmulti-layer (6?) with non-playable factions different to the neutrals you will find early on(think of another AI player)+ game server option (yet not tested)Neutral:o AI on 'Jester' level (+/-0% Bonus) looks ok, other levels are not tested yet *subjective*o fastest combat speed can be faster for epic end battles *subjective*o grafic level better than expected *subjective*Action animation of the unit in combatSpell animationso controls are not selve explaining at the beginning but are memorized quickCons:no inventory system (new found items can disappear in worst case ... see improvements)no introNo Rating:yet unknown how the AI scaling worksImprovement Proposals:implement an inventory system for storing items which cannot be equipped in this moment(slots full, slots not availble -> item disappears - not to the ground but finally)improved speed for fastest combat speed optionfew units do not have a descriptionmove unit immediatelly but draw a line from start to next tile ... to final location and allow aconfigurable display delay per unit (better than seeing the full movement which is too slowwhen other plyers move) *this could be also a new movement option*no campaign (which is not that much needed by me *subjective*)items sold somewhere (poss. dedicated ones to the class or/and random)new option for F10: Back to MainScreenYou will note that I like this game more than expected. Some points are just subjective but will do for most of the players which are fine with an OK grafic but good engine and alot content. Do not understand me wrong ... it's all about winning the current map. In any case the next game start with a new char from scratch.DE Review VersionDas ist dann wohl mein erstes Review ...Nachdem das Spiel in Steam aufgetaucht war und mein Interesse regte war ich mir nicht sicher warum hier ~20 Euronen aufgerufen werden. Also den Kauf abgebrochen nur um ihn 5 Minuten später doch zu tätigen. Natürlich war ich skeptisch was sich nun offenbaren würde:-keine spezielle Reihenfolge-Plus:+ Musik (die man den ganzen Tag durch hören kann *subjektiv*)+ Rollenspiel-InhalteDetailreichtum der BeschreibungenPure Anzahl unterschiedlicher Einheiten (mit modernerer Grafik unmöglich)anlegbare Gegenstände (nur finden)+ Unterschiedliches Gameplay für jede KlasseVerschiedene Strategiemöglichkeiten um zu gewinnen für die meisten Klassen *subjektiv*Konter-Klassen verfügbar+ Komplexität der Spiel Mechanikviele Eigenschaftengroße Armeen möglichBeschwörung im KampfVor-/In-/Nach-Kampf BerechnungenJahreszeiten / Klimabedingungen+ Karteprozedural generierte KarteMehrere Layer (6?) mit weiteren dedizierten AI-Spielern+ Spiel-Server Option (nicht getestet)Neutral:o AI auf 'Jester' level (+/-0% Bonus) ist OK, andere Schwierigkeitsgrade habe ich bislang nichtgestestet *subjektiv*o Schnellste Kampfgeschwindigkeitfastest könnte schneller sein (epische Kämpfe) *subjektiv*o Grafik besser als erwartet *subjektiv*Angriffsanimationen der Einheit im KampfZauberspruch Animationeno Steuerung nicht selbsterklärend aber eingängig und schnell erlerntMinus:kein Inventar-System (neu gefundene Gegenstände können verschwinden so keine Slotsbereitstehen -> Verbesserung)kein IntroNicht Bewertet:unbekannte Skalierung der AI (nicht getestet))Verbesserungsvorschläge:Schaffen eines Inventar-Systems um Gegenstände aufbewaren zu können die nicht angelegtwerden konnten (Plätze in Armee voll, Plätze in Armee nicht verfügbar -> Gegenstand wird nichtauf dem Boden platziert)Beschleunigung der schnellsten KampfgeschwindigkeitWenige Einheiten haben keine Beschreibungstexte und einige teilen sich dieselbe Beschreibung.Neue Option: bewege Einheit vollständig aber zeichne den Weg ein den sie genommen hat undermögliche eine Konfigurations der Wartezeit bis die nächste Eiheit zieht (die gesammteBewegung ist zu langsam beim Rundenwechsel *subjektiv*)Keine Kampagne (mir nicht so wichtig *subjektiv*)Gegenstandsverkauf an bestimmten Orten der Karte (mglw. eingeschränkt auf die Klasseund/oder random)Neue Option bei F10: Zurück zum MainScreenMir hat es also bislang viel Spaß bereitet und rein von zeitlichen Aspekt war es den Preis schon wert. Manche hier aufgeführten Punke sind einfach subjektiv, dennoch denke ich die meisten Spieler die nicht nur auf die Grafik schauen aber Inhalte schätzen werden das Kleinod erkennen. Und bitte nicht falsch verstehen ... das Spiel dreht sich ausschließlich um das Gewinnen der aktuellen Karte. Eine Charakterentwicklung über eine Karte hinaus ist nicht möglich. Gegenstände werden ebenso nicht in das nächste Spiel übernommen. Man startet einfach neu.Viel Spass"
,Recommended,403950,19207541,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,[GOTR] Gargletea体験版,"A vast, but subtle improvement over CoE 3.+ Better soundtrack+ Less difficulty curve+ More impressive combat system+ More playable races+ An arguably more streamlined, less complex version of Dominions (Also a great game)+ Hoburgs- A little pricey, but if you like strategy games, it fills a niche that some other games can't really fill- Not as many features as Dominions, but still a great experience"
76561198012041821,Recommended,403950,22098060,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,LasTeaR,This game is alot of fun. Some classes seem a little on the too strong side like high priestess but still loving it. Just missing Achievements.
76561198031754497,Recommended,403950,21934612,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Zenithir,Quite a creative strategy game with a diverse set of classes to take on. The AI could use a bit of work and there is still a lot being done with it. I am always ecstatic to see the new changes and they listen to the feedback of those who are playing.Even without the changes they are making though I recommend this game to my friends and play it relatively frequently with them. The fantastic style and elements really lend a lot to the feel and discovery of this game.
76561197997957619,Recommended,403950,24194691,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Honorable Sudoku,"Guys this game is seriously brilliant. I've had many-a-hour of fun trying out the classes, and each one is unique in an enjoyable and challenging way. It gets updates on a respectable basis and even gets support for mods.Once you get the hang of things you'll totally love.p.s. This is my first review"
,Recommended,403950,27699605,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,OnBrokenWings,"One of the best turn-based strategy games I've ever played. A lof of futures and deep gameplay, but not so slow as Dominions 4."
76561197991019394,Recommended,403950,19444145,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Kaerbear,"This game is absolutely fantastic. If you are a fan of the Dominions series of games and haven't picked this up yet, you are in for a treat.Fantastic depth, great lore, awesome fast fun combat mechanics with tons to explore. This is worth your $25. Hell, it's probably worth $50."
76561198007145952,Recommended,403950,23185833,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,Arcterran,"It's if 4X games and Rougelikes had a baby, CoE4 would be it. In fact most of your thinking is risk management rather than tactical management. Instead of picking a civilization like in most 4X games, you actually pick a character. The characters all have different ways of interacting with the world and they recruit armies to carry out their way of defeating their foes.UpsidesSimple to play but MAN is there a lot of little things that can change things! You don't nessecarily USE it all depending on your character.Example: You may be a Witch who has to run around, capturing forests so you have more fungi to collect to cast your spells, however unlike say, a Baron, you don't really have the income to raise a huge standing army, but you can cast powerful spells unlike the Baron!Suprisingly solid RNG Based Automated battles. Yes you read that right as an upside. It is true, once the fighting starts, you have no control, but the strategy is about risk management before the fight (""Can I really take on these 12 dwarves with my Calvary Army?"") and then the game automates a battle in a kind of ""Auto 2D total war like"" scenario, which is really neat! Plus the game competently puts your soldiers in formation (Tanky heavy-hitters in the middle, skirmishers in the flanks, archers and spellcasters in the rear) and they act as you would expect the unit would in a fight!The soundtrack!Your mileage may varyYes it looks like it Came from the 90's, I'm ok with this personally, but again YMMV.Main DownsidesIt doesn't explain the basics at all. There is no tutorial and help only appears after your first year, and it's always about random factoids rather than how to play. The best way to learn how to play is to watch someone else play it on youtube. That said it is actually simple enough to actually play despite the depth this game has.UI is sometimes a awkward to use. Mouse usage in particular I think should have another look-over"
,Recommended,403950,20804398,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Piggy85,A strategy game that blows you mind with it's depth of strategy and possiblity.
,Recommended,403950,22923432,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,knajjd1488,Easy to get into yet is quite deep with a lot of stuff to discover. I certainly do recommend this game wholeheartedly.
,Recommended,403950,24308674,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,konming,Great game for those who think.
,Recommended,403950,19122619,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,Bathunter,"The deer are back. You must kill all the deer. For the betterment of all human, hoburgs, pale ones, mushroom dwarves, etc etc-kind."
76561197963664525,Recommended,403950,19120222,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,Terkala,Don't let the graphics turn you off to this game. It's amazingly well done strategy.
76561197991773933,Recommended,403950,25661933,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,SMOKE SKOOMA HAIL SITHIS,"If you like Heroes of Might and Magic but would prefer something more macromanagement-oriented, this is it. It doesn't look pretty, but it rivals rogue-likes in complexity and randomness."
76561198028403807,Recommended,403950,19168687,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,DireEpidemic,"Played as the Demonologist, Opened the portal to the inferno plane (AKA something similar to the oblivion gates in TES IV) Demons pour out. Sitting there with a♥♥♥♥♥♥eating grin while saying out loud ""dawn is breaking, greet the new day"".~ty illwinter for letting me join the mystic dawn."
76561197993910482,Recommended,403950,20411976,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,mentatzarkon,"Doot doot doot, I think I'll just go over here and tend to my magic weeds...oh god, deers and bears are devouring everyone in my capital city! Oh god! My hobbit commander went totally crazy!Conquest of Deerlysium 4. The Deerening.Don't ask questions, just buy the game."
76561198073084765,Recommended,403950,34668699,Posted: 1 September,all,Robert E.O. Speedwagon,"A total gem of a game.+ Endless variety: You've got Dwarfs, necromancers, elementals, Cthulhu cults, Gauls, Japanese ogres, medieval knights, mermaids, Romans, biblical giants, demons, undead, ancient Greek titans, mages, Aztecs, the Great Old Ones, vampires and more+ Heaps of content to explore+ Unique gameplay: Turn-based 4X strategy + Rogue-like+ Unque lore based on all manner of mythology and fantasy concepts+ Regular free content updates+ 21 classes, all with different playstyles and strategies- Charming but dated graphics that require some time to get used to- Lacks some quality of life improvements of other gamesAll in all, 9/10. Get this game now and support the developers, it's absolutely worth it!"
76561198331066012,Recommended,403950,28640942,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,hallos211,"All right!Singleplayer is the most fun Ive ever had in a game. Although I don't really comeback to it often, I still have a very positive vibe about it.Very fun, very difficult if you play in the harder modes for Ai, and games,well they tend to last very very long.Like once I had a game last two months. That's saying something.They've improved alot over elysium 3, and one thing is the graphics. It's comparatively beautiful comapred to 3. (lol Ik it sucks in 4 but gameplay is so beautiful the grapics won't matter much. )3's graphic were just horrendous, so 4 makes it less unbearable. (haha get it cause they have bears in the game)By golly, those animals though.The animals are a pain in you♥♥♥♥♥♥ very very annoying.As for the newer players, I would suggest you boost yourself and play a game with all the ai in laughable difficulty with 4-5 characters and sacrifice them down to 1, and use that 1 human to play as yourself. You should be able to fully explore what the maps have to offer and understand some mechanics with youself and the diffrent dimensions. Knowing what there is to offer is very helpful when you do multiplayer or co op with an ai or whatnot.Strategy game at its best 10/10"
76561198007491971,Recommended,403950,29234385,Posted: 13 January,all,Nyarlonthep,"This is a great 4x game with a lot of depth. It can be challenging at first to understand some of the mechanics, so if you're new I'd recommend using a strong starting faction like the troll king to get going. Once you get a handle on how the battles play out and how magic works, it's really cool."
76561198125845439,Recommended,403950,28010504,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Hellrazor,"This is one of my favourite games, and a huge step forward from Conquest of Elysium 4Pros-Lots of variety in playstyle. Each faction is very different, and opens up different strategies.-Very easy to understand.-Unique fantasy creatures and races.Cons-There's not much strategy in the battles, it mainly comes down to unit selection."
76561197995067175,Recommended,403950,25211866,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Drimgere,"I play tons of strategy games, from super simple games to super complex ones. My enjoyment of a game is usually hampered if the graphics are sub par, but this series is one where I don't even notice it. The depth of every class and all the units available are just so engrossing, I find myself as drawn in as other shinier games claim to be (looking at you civ 5, eye candy and no substance). For 8.50 as it is right now it's simply a must have! I have no complaints other than I can't win against the AI ;)"
,Recommended,403950,19120871,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,MULKMULKMULKMULKMULKMULKMULK,Improves on coe3 with better combat and more stuff.Best
76561198040724894,Recommended,403950,29859159,Posted: 11 February,all,2yEP Finbar,Had an army of 10 snakes and 10 rabbits. They worked together in perfect matrimony. 11/10 would Elysium again
,Recommended,403950,23883939,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,tokyodan,"CoE4 has been piquing my interest for the longest time because of all the love for it and Illwinter games in general. To tell the truth I didn't think I'd like it because glancing over the manual gave me the impression of over complexity. And let's play videos, for some reson, don't do the game justice. Also reviews by prestigious reviewers all say that, athough CoE4 is simplified and streamlined compared to Dominions, the game is still very hard (to win, not to play).Well I had to give it a try and I picked it up expecting to be bored, confused, irritated, and to get a refund before the 2-hour limit. But as I was advised in the Steam forums, CoE4 game is not too hard to pick up, but to play well takes a lot of time and effort. As for the manual...What I mistook for complexity was instead explanations of the depth and finer points of the game. Listening to the advice in the forum, I read the parts about movement,  recruitment and commanders. That got me started quickly. Then in between playing of a few short sessions, I read over the other parts to answer my questions and to learn the finer points.Well my 2 hours are up and that is all it took for me to fall in loe with CoE4. This is definitely a keeper. Now I know why CoE4 is so valued by serious gamers."
,Recommended,403950,19171382,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,Life is Nep,played for demonologist.Summoned 3 hellhounds.Failed to control.RIP10/10 would summon random♥♥♥♥♥♥again
76561198004053861,Recommended,403950,19127515,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,OzyATM,"Finally find a door to elemental plane, click on the edge of the plan with main hero, fall of the edge, went into void plane and now my main hero become insane and stay in void FOREVER!!11/10, will definitely jump again."
,Recommended,403950,19240358,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Wolframhart,Great game by a great developer. I am glad that he is finally on Steam so that his games are actually affordable.
76561197976396075,Recommended,403950,19181348,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,fogeZombie,"Echo every good comment made about this game. It is one of the most amazing strategy games you'll ever play, surpassed only by the developer's other game Dominions (which you should also play).Illwinter make amazing games with a ridiculous amount of depth and endless replayability. They also put a ton of effort into supporting these games for years after their release. I will auto-buy everything they ever make.Thanks for another amazing game, Illwinter."
,Recommended,403950,19155996,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,Mute,"The game is pretty fun. I like the 6 different planes and honestly its pretty ♥♥♥♥ing awesome. You will get frusterated at dying and you will fail. This game is about risk management and even the best laid plans of mice and men will be steamrolled by the RNG.Protips from one player to another-You are going to die, ALOT.  Do not let this get you down- IF THE PORTAL TO HELL OPENS CLOSE IT!!!!- IF YOU CAN'T CLOSE IT RAGE QUIT!!!- Pale ones are good at digging- Want a race that is good intoduction to the game? Pick barron.- Unless you can harvest fungus or ""flag"" a forest, burn the special forests to the ground.- You can flood hell!"
76561198026998936,Recommended,403950,19234597,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,FFS,A really hardcore game. Even moose and deer are hardcore.
76561197970855684,Recommended,403950,34340501,Posted: 18 August,all,foxfire,Even though this game is relatively simple I keep coming back and playing it. There is quite a bit of variety with all of the different races.
,Recommended,403950,19433854,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,ponyPharmacist,"I had several hours of fun with this game, tried several classes and did some stuff.But I don't recommend it for those who's in doubt.Though this game is supposed to have some depth, I've seen only hints of it.Start can be quite difficult very often. Bad location, bad neighbours, bad stuff. Feels very unbalanced.I can only recommend this game to 4x management fanatics who crave extreme challenges that become boring after first win."
76561198023590474,Recommended,403950,33697174,Posted: 21 July,all,Senator Ijemaran,"Indepth Lore, Varied difficulty with classes, and still updating this brilliant game... So many thumbs up"
76561198040464513,Recommended,403950,34297650,Posted: 16 August,all,sgtjojoe,"This game rocks!  It's not quite as good as the Dominions series, but it is still awesome!  Each time you play is completely different.  Each class plays differently and can summon different minions.  Your armies will play differently depending on what generals you have and what monsters are fighting alongside you (or against you).  The game can be brutal and unforgiving at first and the graphics are crap - but you don't play this game for the graphics.  You play it for the depth.  For just over $20, this game is a steal!"
76561198006527469,Recommended,403950,19165341,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,hbepstein,"I have played Illwinter games i.e. COE 3 Dominions 3/4 for hundreds if not thousands of hours.  This game is a great incremental improvement over COE 3. its a blast Random killer wildlife. swim off the edge of the map into the void. go insane get blasted apart by a horror from beyond. Good fun.  WIsh they would implement some form of Item crafting, my one beef with the game.*note review edited on 3-2-17I picked this game up again several weeks ago after I learned the the developers added a new class.  Still a great game.  New class is interesting I am not very good with it though.  It seems to have a weak early game if you get unlucky with the random unit spawns, and its end game is sub-par compared to necromancer or demonologist."
,Recommended,403950,29359414,Posted: 19 January,all,]Pure Blind[,"I love the other game by this company, Illwinter, so I thought I would give this game a try. It's definitely a little bit fun but it's nowhere near as deep or enjoyable as Domininons 4, so i would avoid paying full price for this if possible. It's fun to tinker around with but it's not really worth more than 5 or 10 dollars (Certainly not the $30 I paid for it)Pros:More hands-off combatinteresting combatdiffereing classes/unitsdifferent planes are coolcons:annoying native spawns recapping things two or three turns after you cap themre-used sprites and sounds from dominionslimited tactical flexibility/builds (each class plays the same every playthrough)expensive for what you getIf you're bored and it's on sale, give it a try, otherwise pass."
,Recommended,403950,30348726,Posted: 5 March,all,Lokaror,A fun Little strategy game with its own uniuqe twists on fantasy tropes and gags. One thing i dislike is for my pc i have to resize my text size to play the game or else it is too big and i cant play. I dont know for how many others if any this would affect but it is a pain. otherwise its a fun little time waster of a strategy game with alot of different factions with fairly different playstyles. Id reccomend.
,Recommended,403950,25319288,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,gn0sis,Delightful!
76561198122953599,Recommended,403950,30619730,Posted: 19 March,all,Fart_City,"I was surprised at the depth and complexity of this game given that the graphics are rather lacklustre. I found myself creating narratives for each of my heroes/armies, and discovering something new each playthrough. The writeups on each character and unit are really interesting in that they're from the point of view of a biased author from one of the factions (something Empire-based). Anyways, looking forwards to more games from this dev."
,Recommended,403950,28897960,Posted: 1 January,all,Serialies,"As a stand alone game, this game is fun...but is inferior to dominions 4 (made by same company). If you want a RPG-lite/turn based strat game, go for dominions 4"
,Recommended,403950,19900478,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,meowmixnix,"Congquest of Elysium and Illwinters other game, Doninions 4 are both excellent additions to anyones gaming library. COE follows a similar model to Dominions but makes it a shorter more accessible version but with just as much depth. Although I am still only touching the edges of one of the major new additions to the series, the differnt planes, it is pretty awesome to think that even while you expand in the main plane great forces may be building against you on other planes.One thing I do wish could be improved however is the AI and their own self interest in the continued existence. Quite often I have had to slog my army into hostile territory to close some diabolical rift or kill a ghost king while the AI are content to live right next door and do nothing with their own considerable forces.Great game though. Buy it"
76561197970863530,Recommended,403950,19859060,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,sotmh,Compelling and approachable gameplay that belies an underlying complexity which will keep you coming back.
,Recommended,403950,23032443,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Srdjan,One of the best 4x games I have ever played.
,Recommended,403950,26250877,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,0+0=0,"Got a few more hours from the offline client than it says here, but with the recent updates this game has become a favorite in my library. Classic Illwinter-styke animation, with some pretty solid improvements to spell animation compared to Dominions 4. Combat could be a little more fleshed out but then this game wouldn't be as casual.I recommend for people OK with the graphics looking for a deep game"
,Recommended,403950,23222300,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Bokaj64,It is a good game
,Recommended,403950,20582451,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,DwarfComic,Heck ya! Great update to the game. Hours of fun.
76561198015531498,Recommended,403950,19977920,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Eriktion,lots of improvementsstill no way to get back to main menu
76561198012780465,Recommended,403950,19148436,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,Valar Morghulis,"Started as a witch, and was roaming around the forest with my main army. Left 1 witch and 2 spearman in my tower and got attacked by a giant crab. Crab got charmed and joined my army. Killing enemies like a boss.10/10 would charm giant crabs againHonestly.. some starting points are sometimes difficult, but it's really playworthy!"
76561197995530955,Recommended,403950,19126700,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,Kref,"Like Conquest of Elysium 3, only better."
76561198137217687,Recommended,403950,22513069,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Gigastro_Gaming,"1. Bought this game2. Download it3. Play it4. Choose Necromancer5. play for half an hour and realize that the Lich now will get insane after rising the dead6. kicked the table and cried (but there's the sanity regain, which is nice)7. played another 15 minutes, found the Capitol8. Spotted an Old Battlefield nearby9. Summoned the dead10. screen is full with the undead11. overrun the capitol with the undead army (including those skeletal fire archer and armored skeletons)12. sits on the emperor's throne13. finally tried to enter the Hades (or the underworld?)14. teleported into the ghost town capitol15. got wiped out, lich also dead16. cried my tears outBEST GAME EVER 10/10....(No seriously, its really fun to play. especially with friends)"
76561197996025113,Recommended,403950,25575592,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,athelasloraiel,its contagioius!
,Recommended,403950,19210293,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,Colonel Mustang,"Spent 18 dollars or something on it, 25 hours within less than a week of having it. Half of that was on the first day.Anyway, COE4 is amazing. You have this real sense of being a ♥♥♥♥♥ty wizard with this tiny defense/attack force until like 5 years into the game where your resources build up enough to both improve your wizard/Voice/ruler levels and do some World Changing Shi.t.So I will give an example from the Voice of El playthrough I did. I started (after about 4 fail starts where I lost my starting army to fire ants or a disease demon cohort) in a desert and grabbed a few little farms and converted them. I then waited ending the turn for about 2 years (and the ai does things super fast so ending turn takes at most 5 seconds till next one) until I could Break the First Seal.SPOILERS (but they shouldn't really matter because you need to know what your actions can do to calculate them for if you want to actually win instead of fail hard).Some zealots and saints start spawning and I then turtled till got Favour from El and then more of the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ chaff popped up over time.Eventually, there were bands of Celestial Lion creatures, Arch Angels, Harbingers and other such things that you get for breaking open the first 6 seals. These celestial creatures are on your team but not controlled by you, so you often see a saint with 15 flagellants trying to attack a demon citadel that popped up in Elysium.I broke the SEVENTH seal! and instantaneously the Apocalypse happened. Yes. Apparently when you release El totally, he unleashes the Abys instead of sending hundreds of angels in armies to cleanse the world of evil. You unleash a tonne of evil.And then this complexity is for every single other hero you can pick. Everyone has some way of ♥♥♥♥king up the world in some way, whether unleashing barbarian hordes, opening a portal to Hell, using earth worms to dig tunnels in the world to release demons, summoning Void creatures....Becoming God Emperor....You get the picture."
,Recommended,403950,33210318,Posted: 3 July,all,Bloodbeard,"Its alot like Civ and Homm had a baby. Except not. You can't control combat. The graphics are akin to a roguelike, and the music is tedious at best....and yet its by far the most addicting strategy game I've played in years. So simple, yet there is a depth to it that I cannot describe. The sheer variety and uniqueness of the factions helps alot. One playthrough I was a Baron working with my Senator ally to protect the Empire. I marched forth from my castle at the head of a magnificent army. Next I became a Druid tending to the forests and living as a savage beast, my ferocity inspring actual beasts to my cause. Then I was a Necromancer, who left his citadel undefended to raise the dead to bring a great and terrible army down upon my enemies... until I realized raising the dead drives you insane.So to recap, the UI is terrible. The graphics would make Nethack blush, and the combat is boring. Yet its just a great game the sheer variety and replayability are second to none. Its so addictive, and its probably worth full price, but I got it on sale."
,Recommended,403950,19439515,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,100 Shots. 10 Racks a Week,"Over 13 hours and i cant wait for more. this game shows me just as much promise as Dominions 4. im looking forward to putting at least 5 hours a week for the next few years going thru the current classes and builds.SPOILER TIP: Demonoligist sacrifice slider doesn't really affect success chance.Over all AS IS CURRENTLY 12/2/2015 8.95/10no bugs for me, no glitches, no text issues that i have noticed, would love to see a more in-depth first hero creation screen. we don't need gods. we need more customization!"
76561197983380226,Recommended,403950,19479541,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Ebrim,This is a wonderful game and I'd highly recommend it to anyone who likes both fantasy settings and strategy. In large part this is a significant improvement upon CoE3 which was itself fantastic. The greatest and most obvious change is the new battle system which makes that part of the game more interesting and rational.-Variety of factions with true variety in play style.-Engaging and authentic random worlds.-Plenty of depth in game mechanics.-Perfect strategy game for someone who can't devote hours on end.-Graphics are simple to allow for depth and variety yet still capture mood.
76561198005340205,Recommended,403950,19390640,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Weird Jelly,"Me, the unstoppable troll king Uio got shamefully trampled to death by a gigantic moose.10/10Great game."
76561198007288258,Recommended,403950,19481921,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Microsoft Word,Brilliant game!
76561198080833647,Recommended,403950,22771813,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Durgine,Quite a lot to discover and enjoy with this game.  Very entertaining and unique classes.
76561198030671610,Recommended,403950,25157602,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,dxro,"I liked COE3 but this one i love. Without any excesive graphics animations like civ which just make game slower and heat my processor, this game have clear and nice look. The real beauty come from inside, from very complex design of hundreds different units and oportunity to try many different strategies to achieve victory."
76561198011479670,Recommended,403950,25972097,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Oaf,"Simple enough to learn in one game, complex enough to keep you learning more every time you play."
76561198045473500,Not Recommended,403950,34960711,Posted: 14 September,all,tftelson,"Really enjoyed Elysium 3, there was the right combination of strange and dangerous random encounters to spice up the game.Conquest of Elysium 4 looks even better than Elysium 3, with more flavor text and an improved battleground screen that provides much better feedback.Unfortunately, the game balance is broken. The last 4 games I played have had constant demon portals and floating cubes events that create gateways from which massive waves of powerful creatures spawn constantly. It is impossible to respond to these events before they spiral out of control.The only strategy is to hide in your citadel and hope for all of the other factions to be destroyed before you. Or to raise a massive army and try to shut down the portal. And if you destroy the portal then 20 turns later a new one pops up and you can do it all over again.I understand that there is an unforgiving RNG element to the Elysium games, but this seems poorly balanced. The portals are way too frequent. It makes gameplay exhausting rather than challenging.It is disappointing that the game balance is crippled by these constant random events. CoE3 had terrifying events as well, but they occurred every 2 or 3 games.Conquest of Elysium 4 is an amazing imaginative exercise, I read somewhere that it was like Sid Meiers' Civilization series distilled through the filter of the HP Lovecraft universe. The comparison is apt, except every 20 turns barbarians with nuclear weapons show up and reduce your empire to ash.However, if this is something you find interesting then the rest of the game has a lot to offer."
76561197969907665,Not Recommended,403950,25225881,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Sir Snipeington,"I couldn't get into it unfortunately. Gave me the vibe of being a recruitment simulator, i also didn't like the passive control you have over fighting. I'm sure there is a great game somewhere but i couldn't make myself push through as i felt like playing whack a mole with neutral units constantly, felt unfortunately dated."
,Recommended,403950,32119865,Posted: 1 June,all,thatcoolnoob2212,Necromancer class died at the very end of the game and ruled forever as a ghost10/10 would die again
76561197976879375,Recommended,403950,27762702,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,wraith676,All i can say is this; lost and eye then lost the other. Bahahaha thanks for the laughs devs for such a wonderful game. 10/10 would loose both eyes again!
,Recommended,403950,28318460,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Tarrasque's Husbando,"Great game, it's fun to be♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off at nature in general, spend most of your time in your house♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥at all the nature outside, and then end up being♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off at nature in a video game while shaking your fist angrily at the trees and plants outside."
76561198040424237,Recommended,403950,27313768,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Elliford,Cool seeing all the differnet unique units but not the most replayable game ever.
76561198121203990,Recommended,403950,33642097,Posted: 18 July,all,arschy,fun
,Recommended,403950,27894352,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Revolver Ocelot,Ph'nglui mglw'nafh Cthulhu R'lyeh wgah'nagl fhtagn 666/666
76561198063963211,Recommended,403950,22486988,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Crimson Kang,it's like dom4 but less complex but somehow just as exhausting to play
,Recommended,403950,32105806,Posted: 1 June,all,Ginseng,"Great game, hours of fun!"
76561198027613736,Recommended,403950,19178012,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,DoctrStrange,"I must say that I find this lil game to be very enjoyable!I have nvr played any games by illwinter and had nvr even heard of the company until I ran across this game. I saw the price and watched some videos and was skeptical at first.However, Im so glad I picked it up!At first I was confused and did'nt have a clue what I was doing, I refered to the manual and then went to the forums with my newb questions. The community is great and responded to all my quetions very fast.The game really draws you in with all the detailed flavor txt and different races to play as.You run across all different types of creatures and you never know what to expect!I am a big fan of turn based games and if you are also then this is a must have. I highly recommend that if you are uncertain about getting this game just go look thru the manual and watch a few gameplay vids.The game is a delight!Ty illwinter!"
76561197993280293,Recommended,403950,28152443,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Why so serious?,Hero arrived your village.Orderd hero to attack a snake.Hero died of snake vemon.10/10 will let hero attack snake again.
,Recommended,403950,31759605,Posted: 14 May,all,ExpositoryExplosions,"Get This Game.  Even If You Do Not Like Strategy Games, You Need To Get This Game.  Once You Get This Game, Write A Review About This Game.  This Game Is Amazing And Needs As Much Support As It Can AS It Is Rather Obscure.  Also, If You Wish The Game Would Go Deeper Into Magic (Or Just Deeper In General)  Get Dominions 4.Overall, Great Game.  Get It."
76561197990785685,Not Recommended,403950,34726283,Posted: 3 September,all,MattSch21,"I wanted to ike it, but the RNG is lame. Losing all my armies to a teleporting invisible demon is lame. There is no info in the game, that's lame. That is the entire extent of the ""difficulty"". It tells you nothing so you have to learn by trial and error. BAD."
76561198131154499,Not Recommended,403950,26441453,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,shadowcross8,Don't understandwhy it's considered a '4x title' Theres no diplomacy. Boring.~
,Recommended,403950,20342131,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,samort14,This game is FANTASTIC. Seriously one of my favorite games. It has a huge amount of depth. Each faction is completely different from one another and they really feel like it. The weapons and spells are extensive and the micromanaging is not too bad (unless you are on one of the huge huge maps.) I totally recommend this game. An absolute blast!
76561197962640085,Recommended,403950,19457216,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Nikanoru,"If you've played CoE3 already, this game is basically an upgrade.  Worth the price for an upgrade?  Well, if you played the crap out of the last one, you'll probably play the crap out of this one too.  The additions and upgrades are, in my opinion, definitely worth it, although I wish the game could have been a little cheaper.  Same great classes as last game, and even a couple new ones, which are interesting, but not really insanely awesome either.  First differences you'll notice are the changes to the battle system.  It's much more fluid and interesting to watch.  Also, you now have a little bit more control over your characters' development throughout the game.  Libraries (as far as I can tell)  can be used forever, so as long as you have the gold, you can just keep learning new spells. They can also be used to upgrade those cool mercenary wizard characters that are recruitable from time to time.There are also different worlds you can visit, like hades, inferno, some elemental planes, and probably more that I haven't cared to remember, each with their own landscapes and towns and citadels to recruit from.  Overall a very fun time.  I was addicted to 3, and now I'm addicted to 4, and they added and changed most of the things that I was hoping they'd change in 3.Multiplayer works, but it's another game that seems to make it a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥to set up. It's basically a direct connect type of game, and if you don't like dealing with port forwarding,  you're going to have to use something like hamachi. Hosting requires you to start another instance of the game, which can be tricky in steam, but doable if you just run the .exe from the game folders.  I  haven't played too much multi yet, but the only downside I've encountered are the continuous restarts from you or your friend dying early.If you haven't played CoE3 or really any of Illwinter's games, I can only really describe it as a game where you spend the majority of your time finding ways to put cool new monsters or soldiers in your army, and then send them into what are basically live action autocalc battles.  Might sound lame if you are into games where you play a more active role, like the total war franchise, but the fact that you have no control over it once the battle begins adds to the roguelike quality of the game.  Your favorite character will often die and leave their apprentice.  Sometimes your giant army killing troll king will be cursed within the first few rounds of play, and have that curse for the rest of the game.  Even though the game offers less freedom of choice in battles, it still has so much variety that you won't even care.If you want a game that will run on pretty much anything and be capable of stealing hours and hours of your life from you, then I highly recommend this."
76561198023024237,Recommended,403950,19398052,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,bigfaec,"CoE4 is the latest and most improved version of the Elysium series.  If you like Illwinter games, you'll like this one."
76561198007473667,Recommended,403950,20015593,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Killerr56,9/10 steep learning curve. lots of classes and everygame is different
76561197979072848,Recommended,403950,19158485,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,SHADOWRISE,A great game. I was not that much of a fan of CoE3 but really like the Dominions games. So I decided to give CoE another try and I'm happy that I did. The only thing that annoys me is that it's impossible to find information on certain things so far due to the game being so new.
76561198195736022,Recommended,403950,19261550,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,brucechao1999,nice quailty and smooth sound
76561198000764680,Recommended,403950,19238168,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Zaydin,I killed a fire elemental with a metor. 10/10
,Recommended,403950,19237673,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,a_tiny_child,Conquest of Elysium 4: the deer are still complete ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s.(note: all of my playing has been in offline mode)
76561197995285223,Recommended,403950,19152063,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,Chickens,"Brilliant game from a tiny developer.  Greatly improves on COE3, but is an evolution not a remake.  There's nothing else like it out there.  I highly recommend for fans of turn based strategy.Pros:-Many unique classes to play that greatly alter your play style-Doesn't hold your hand.  Survival is a struggle and victory is an accomplishment.-UI is much improved from COE3.-Maps are much more coherent than COE3 - geography is more clustered into regions than in COE3 (where terrain seemed totally random).-Awesome variety of interesting units-Nice music, it's not ugly (just not pretty)-Combat is better in general, particularly siegesSome annoyances remain:-Your towns still get conquered by 2 damn wandering snakes or a deer.  I really wish they would come with a small militia to defend against such annoyances-Still no building of structures.-I would really like to be able to build roads so I could more quickly retake my town that was conquered by the 2 snakes-This is mroe a refinement from COE 3, and not a huge departure.-Only adds a few more classes than COE 3 had.-More ritual spells would be nice."
76561198083928093,Recommended,403950,25519352,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,method master,"This is great for strategy lover on many levels as game is very rich in classes and the random terrain system makes it replayable. I have played 3 classes - voice of El, senator and demonologist - and each class has very unique unit, so you have to come up with new startegy everytime you play the different classes.the very cons of this game is it doesn't have tutorial."
76561198028354902,Recommended,403950,25900070,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Techpriest 17,"surprisingly in depth and incredibly replayable, every class plays differently, many hours of entertainment, solid 10/10, hope they either continue updating (so far so good, theyre very good at that) or release no 5 eventually, id buy it straight away."
76561198080193808,Recommended,403950,27046479,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,An Oompa-Loompa,Don't let the low graphics fool you. This game is VERY fun to play over and over and over again.Like playing alone? This game does that well. Much to experiment with in terms of factions you like and picking a strategy.Like playing with friends? I have had many a happy hour with friends on this game. Hotseat (everyone using one device) in particular is amazing :D .
76561198054506788,Recommended,403950,26637691,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Devin,"This is a deep but very easy to play strategy game.The best part is how well this game fleshes out each faction.It's not often a game really makes factions so different from one another, but here playing a necromancer really feels like it, and playing a druid really feels like that. Nothing feels like a reskin of anything else.Not everything is balanced perfectly, but that's forgivable in a game so fun.And for returning players, this is a huge step up from game 3. Highly recommended."
76561198050445251,Recommended,403950,28867476,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,acajub,"I really like this game so far, a definite improvement over CoE 3. I'll need to play it more before I can review it more in depth."
76561198041686787,Recommended,403950,28878375,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,m16Ashigaru,"I find it to be a lot more accessible than Dominions and have the same unique model of ""passive"" battlegrounds that are just played in front of you, and some wier, but really interesting mythology.What hold these games together in my opinion (I never got past Dominions learning curve) was the powerful magic, that could influence the game so much, thru summons, item creation and so on.Very good game, can recommend to all who are willing to ignore graphics. Unique gameplay :)"
76561198014869333,Recommended,403950,20229964,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,(╯°□°）╯︵ ┻━┻,"First review (thumbed up):If you searched Steam for Master of Magic, and somehow wound up here, buy this game.  It's as close as you're going to get, and that is very high praise.Second Update 27 Feb 2016 (thumbed down):Having sunk a bunch more time into this (offline mode, I probably have fifty hours offline), I'm ready to thumb it down. It's tedious. MoM was never tedious to me. There is a non-stop barrage of deer, snakes, wild life, and wandering nobodies that continually take your farms, forests, and anything else you could have possibly laid claim to. For no good reason. Two wandering deer do not chase people from their farm.It's a non-stop game of recapture. You leave three guys to defend the farm? Four bears show up and kill them. If that's not bad enough, there are actual random factions and events that pop up for the sole purpose of spitting random extra monsters across your lands.If you start a game with five AI, three of them will be killed by neutral ""armies"" (deer) in the first dozen turns or so. As far as I can tell, the only difference you get for ramping the AI difficulty up is that they start with bigger armies (and probably get cheaty amounts of resources per turn).I assume I'm just bad at the game still, but there's no excuse for the amount of rubbish that exists just to force you to keep recapturing the same thing over and over.Third Review  7 Jan 2017 (thumbed up):You should probably own this game.  It's pretty damn good.  What I said before holds true, but it's possible they've tweaked the deer attacks so that there are less of them.  I think there's an option now to make more of them.  Play slower, keep all heros active and with at least a very small army so you can run around recapturing things.If you like 4X games where there are lots of different characters / play styles, you can't go wrong with this one."
76561198036105699,Recommended,403950,28952099,Posted: 2 January,all,xetoica,"This is a surprisingly addictive game. Power through the rough learning curve (there is no tutorial), and you'll be rewarded with just-one-more-turn gameplay that provides a lot of enjoyment."
76561198047002569,Recommended,403950,33484847,Posted: 12 July,all,HRE Cyka Blyat,"This game in some catagories is lacking. The graphics are terrible. The U.I makes me feel like im playing a game in the early 2000's if not the 90's. But damn this game is a masterpiece. Ever since i bought this game i couldn't stop playing it. It's one of those games stratagy games you can play relaxingly and not worry about if your peasants don't get enough food or your leading parties are having a power struggle and a rebellion occurs. It's more simpler and doesn't require to much brain power to know whats going on. I enjoy playing as the Demonologist in the mid to late game era. Where you can spawn small hordes with just enough sarafices. I managed to summon over 20 heavily armoured soulless infantry, Only to have them attack us because i was one sacrafice to short.7/10 gameplay wise. This has plenty of replayability"
76561198013924266,Recommended,403950,33755356,Posted: 23 July,all,Killdozer,"Conquest of Elysium tip #47:During wintertime, don't leave an army on a frozen lake and click ""End Turn"" if your next turn is spring."
76561198161666102,Recommended,403950,34046687,Posted: 5 August,all,canadiansrnotok,"Several civilizatizations with vastly different units, and respectably different play styles. I think I mostly like this game for the epic motivations and backstories I can make up in my head for diferent units, interesting but often open ended unit descriptions, and the epic fantasy world with wizards, monsters, and neat fantasy races."
