user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561197966614606,Not Recommended,403970,28133810,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Edgemorn,"I think the team behind this game is very talented and has executed their vision exceptionally. My main beefs are witih their vision.Pros:* I run 21:9 3440 x 1440 and the game immediately picked up the setting and ran with it. A+* The story telling is grand.* The lore is wonderful.* The visuals are so pretty.* The responsiveness is there.Why the downvote?Cons:* The combat is clunky and unrewarding. For me, combat is primary. I feel like the devs started with a premise and this premise was a bad starting position that led to bad conclusions. This premise was probably something along the lines of ""let's have a party-based combat system centered around collision physics"". It sounds awesome, but the reality is dull and disconnected.* The introductory fight is a really bad intro. You dominate that fight, which is misleading. Subsequent fights are much harder. I felt like it didn't matter what I did during the intro fight.* White damage is abysmally low compared to special attacks. The disparity is far too great. This requires pausing the game relentlessly to run a tactical special for each party member every 1.5 seconds. Unlike the intro fight, this is so far the opposite, that it felt oppressive. I had to nuance every single move. There wasn't a moment where I felt like I could kick♥♥♥♥♥ not even in a small way.* The physical collisions felt like they got in the way more than they added to the experience. Friendlies trying to path around one another failed all the time, even when there was room! Managing physical collisions and movement is great when you just have one character to manipulate (think Counter-strike). This was just a chore in this game.* Loot, gearing, and character growth were very shallow. Don't expect the game to shine in these areas.* The camera always center-focused on the selected party member. This was aggravating when trying to view the battle field. There is no camera pan during combat.* Combat felt like homework to get throguh so I could get back to the story.* Targeting misfires regularly. Sometimes I would pause the game, but a specific enemy would not be target-able. I would then unpause and pause immediately, and then I can target said enemy.* The world map is just a digitized mini figure that you move around like a chess piece. If an encounter ""pops"", you go to battle. This model can work, but the world map is actually very small when you realize you can only move to and from specific points of interest on the map. There is no free roam of any kind. That said, the integrated story-telling on the world map was just awesome...so good. I would be so forgiving of the encounter-based combat if combat was actually fun."
,Recommended,403970,32234648,Posted: 7 June,all,PerfectPencil,"I think I can say that this is barely a positive review. The story behind this game is great. The voice acting well done. Pacing is comfortable and MOST gameplay is good. However it has a few very annoying problems that really prevent me from enjoying it fully.First off combat is clumbsy. Your characters will push each other around on the battlefield and if they need to cross paths (frequently they do) the two will simply get stuck walking into each other. The RTS controls in this mode are pretty bad. You can't scroll around the battlefield and you can't give units orders with complete confidence. Frequently you will select a character and tell them to cast a spell in a direction, you'll hear the sound as soon as you ""unpause"" but no damage or effect will happen, and the ability goes on cooldown. Also the ""pushing around"" stuff will really hurt any tactics you try to implement in battle. If you select your 4 characters and tell them to all attack one thing, they will SPRINT and push that character endlessly across the battlefield dealing no damage, but constantly trying to push each other out of the way. God damn is it annoying.The other big problem is with saving games. The game kind of pushes you through it very fast and doesn't show you where to save or when. It will auto save in the world map sometimes and that is where you are meant to save.. but you are only on this map sparingly. This means frequently you will complete a huge battle and be given another one right after you cant save inbetween. At the end of the game you need to do something like 6 fairly intense battles one after another with no save option inbetween so you better have the time dedicated to do it all in one sitting. I had to pause the game and minimize while I went to eat dinner. I couldn't go to sleep until the stupid this was done or I would need to leave it on all night and day until I have time to play again! What the hell is this? 1995? Those final battles took me 3 hours.Look, I give this game a thumbs up because there is no real score option for how I feel. It is a good game and is a lot of fun to play MOST of the time, but these annoyances are design flaws that are seriously quality of life kinds of things. I don't know how this stuff went into production with such issues. Everything else is so damn well done that it REALLY bothers me that this is left in the game. What the hell happened?!?Anyhow. I would say this game is worth picking up on sale. I hope this stuff gets patched but these aren't polish bugs, these are design flaws so... i'm not putting my money on it. The game ends with a cliffhanger for DLC, but I'm not sure I want to suffer through more of this to see the real ending, and believe me... i really really want to know what happens, but I don't think I can actually play it. Maybe I'll go order the books this game is based on instead."
76561197989716933,Recommended,403970,32047049,Posted: 29 May,all,DonRadkos,"Despite it's relatively short running time (7-9 hours depending on difficulty and amount of 'sploration you chose to do), Dwarves accomplish two things that make it completely worth it.The story and the characters. Tungdil's journey is an entertaining romp from start to finish, much like Star Wars it's a simple tale but made all the more entertaining through it's characters and very skilfull narration.The characters, while due to their sheer volume and the aforementioned short running time absolutely ooze personality, be it through beautiful animations or the voice acting.Grab yourself an Ale, and join Tungdil on his travel, it might not be The Longest Journey, but it certainly is an epic in it's own right"
76561198010423636,Recommended,403970,28125838,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,blizzard5314,"I came for the song performed by Blind Guardian, but I stayed for the frantic, relentless combat. It's a good time to be had."
,Not Recommended,403970,28178842,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Korsak,"Completed in 7 hours, story is too short , but it's good, not great. Big roster of characters, all very unique, but most of them lack story development, you barely get to know them.Gameplay is really annoying, button layout for keyboard and mouse is horrible, the camera is garbage, there are some rare bugs in some fights, movement in combat sometimes doesn't work. No real skill diversity between certain characters, most of them have the same abilities. Only 10 levels, which is kind of pointless. No customization whatsoever, no loot, no unique armors.Choices in the game don't matter, they're just an illusion.Good looking in-game cinematics, Great voice acting and epic music. It would have been better to turn this franchise into a movie or animated series, because the game is completely garbage compared to everything else that stood out.5/10"
,Not Recommended,403970,28155359,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Honey-senpai,"I can't recommend this game. The combat was fun for me because I love pause and play and constant reactive combat, but I just can't recommend this. It falls flat as a roleplaying game in all aspects.Game length is anywhere between 6-10 hours if that's important to you, and I think the length of this particular game is very important when you consider how lacking the game itself is after you pass 3-5 hours into the game itself.I wasn't hype for the game because I knew only of the combat (I wanted to know as little as possible of the game), the first half surprised me and I was really pleasantly surprised and happy at first because the voices are stellar (other than the obvious orc voice that talks into a plastic tube), the combat was incredibly fun for me and the narrative (at first) was ear-candy.As a short game with some fun combat it's great, at least for me.As a roleplaying game all throughout, it falls dead-flat, and I still don't understand most of the characters relationships other than the obvious ""this is my girlfriend/brother/whatever"". I got miffed at the end that my main dwarf got together with the other female dwarf but only because they spoke 3 times throughout the whole game that was probably less than 2 minutes total.The narrative is good and there is plenty of it at first, UNTIL you get to the other half of the game where there is so much less of it, you ignore the fact that the narrative got much less after a while because of how much you got exposed to at the first half of the game.The choices don't matter in dialogue, even if it follows a book the game shouldn't shoehorn you into choices you have no real choice over or choices that matters. The only choices that had any form of impact are achievement related and they are mediocre and hardly immersive. Why am I to get upset about some dwarf that I am about to kill in my party when I know nothing of her, don't care enough about her plight at all because I don't know her when THAT dialogue was the only other dialogue up to that point that was presented to me. Why should I get angry at the other superpowerful character that wanted me to kill said dwarf when she was being pragmatic? I only spoke to her... 3 times up to the very end of the game. Sure she was being flirted with at the end by someone else so that counts as 4, but hardly.The interactions between your companions is non-existent, why did my main dwarf fall in love with a dwarf he only interacted with ONCE that had 2 dialogue choice, 1 cutscene that was less than 10 seconds and then the ending? there is hardly any dialogue between characters at all let alone any understanding of them and their background or anything that will make you remember them at all other than their 'quirks'. The interaction was so small between each character that the buildup between their relationships aren't divulged or made more interesting, I still don't remember half of the characters name let alone the main character.All I can say is, the game is incredibly forgettable, I don't even know or care about the characters on the side which; GRANTED, made me want to read the first book just so that I can understand what the positive hype is for the GAME itself. The book is probably good but the game is so good at being bad  as a roleplaying game. The studio is talented and the voice-cast is amazingly stellar but damn, it just lacks in everything."
76561197998427139,Not Recommended,403970,28578814,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,I love to Murder!,"It's a kickstarter project that clearly ran out of money. The begining of the game is well designed and full of promise. Then the second half hits and then the game is full of plot holes, obviously missing scenes and character development, and sloppy uninspired level design. Fun short little adventure can't recommend at full price."
,Recommended,403970,28127131,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Rock$tar,"Wonderful game! But i can hardly recommend it because of the points from my update 1 and 2!I´ve been fan of the books since the first hour. So it was like a dream came true when the developers anounced The Game. The first time i saw the game, i was a little bit frightened, that not everybody will be happy with the childisch-looking grafics. But then after 2-3 vids of the gameplay in the last year i was calmed down - the content and artwork looks very suitable to the world of The Dwarves. Nevertheless, i wish more grown-up and darker grafics.Yet, i have played the first mission and based on the beta and my first steps in the release edition i can say it is a good story-rpg,:+The artwork is very detailed+The fights aren´t easy to handle if you go in rambo like, you have to be a little bit strategic+The story is easy to understand and memorable+The world is huge! This is just the game of the first of 5 and more coming books/The gameplay isn´t for everyone. It´s tactic and action combined, but less action than a diablo or something/The artwork is detailed, yes, the graphics are a little bit old-fashioned/childish?!/The length depends very hard on how deep fall in the story and how fast you play it 10-20 hrsupdate:-Each partymember you get on your journey has his own skills. There is a skilling system but it´s  not very large. It contains just 5 levels and on each level you can choose between 2 skills. So that rpg part isn´t very good soluted, unfortunately-The developers want to be as near as possible at the books. And in the books, there is barely smithing. But i think it´s a hard lack of detail that such a great rpg element is missing in a dwarves game-No Equiping of armor or new weapons (except the one ;) )update 2:-The story isn´t 1/1 from the books. Thats bad because of the announcement of the devs to want it make 1/1. The changes were made to cut the game into less hours. Many elements are missing i.e. the 3 quests against the king of the fourths.I´d like to see the next game more grown-up, darker and with more more rpg elements. Maybe with WASD and 3. person and more action."
76561198062930115,Recommended,403970,28259487,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,DG Dobrev,"The Dwarves, the newest game from THQ Nordic is... quite the peculiar thing. The game revolves around an amazing story, full of twists and mysteries (instead of the opposite), tactical combat which is a mixture of Pillars of Eternity, DOTA and Starcraft 2. Crazy explanation, isn't it? It has the real-time + pause option of Pillars of Eternity (and thus, sadly, the ""I don't have anyone around me, so I'm gonna do nothing while my friends are dying"" AI), the Click + QWE skill combat sytem from DOTA and the 1-2-3-4 hero selection + micromanagement from Starcraft, which makes it easy to get into The Dwarves for fans of these games.The GOOD:1.  It is a game that revolves around the story, instead of the opposite. As such, the story is way more compelling and interesting. It is by far the strongest thing about this game, and by many accounts, worth the admission price alone. I, myself, was captivated by it.2. The art style does the fantasy theme justice and never lets off.3. The soundtrack is amazing. Blind Guardian made a great theme for the game.4. The game provides some choices that do affect the gameplay to a certain extent, which is always nice to see.5. Skill threes (albeit minimalistic) add to the replayability of the game.6. The 11 playable characters add a lot to the game, allowing you tomix and match parties that would best suit your tactics.7. The tactical combat is really good, and is making good use of the terrain. For each battle, you get to select up to 4 characters and equip them with a single item - be it a trinket that boosts something, or a potion. You can also send enemies flying into pits or other places where there will meet their inevitable death at the bottom in many satisfying ways. I felt a good amount of challenge on normal. Next playthough goes on a higher difficulty, absolutely.8. You can easily do a few play-throughs, spanning about 25-30 hours, unless you are a crazy completionist and want to do everything on the first go.And now, the BAD... and it is a lot.1. The game is overpriced for its length. It took me just above 9 hours to finish it, and as I usually judge my gameplay time by Euros per Hour, 10 Hours for 40 euros is quite the rip-off.2. You will fight orcs of various statures and sizes (yes, including ogres, which makes it all the more Lord of the Ring-y) and the occasional Älfar boss. So much for enemy variety... well isn't that a huge turn-off for many people.3. The fact that the AI is relatively stupid, doesn't really help the game. You really need to channel your inner Starcraft 2 spirit and micromanage as best you can. Thank God you can pause in this game...4. Sometimes it feels like you can go to a specific point on the tactical map, but you can't because the grid of the game doesn't allow you. This causes tons of frustrations in combat and while exploring towns.5. WHY THE HELL do I lose the battle when one of my guys falls down from a 1-2 meter high ledge (and breaks his/her neck I guess), when an orc just shrugs it off and takes barely any damage?! Enough said.6. Pretty much every battle has its tactical quirks, and while it can be a good thing, it may also lend to a good amount of frustration before you win it and/or find the best team to complete it.7. There are characters that are obviously better than others... Which really destroys immersion and makes you pick them till the end of the game, in order to make battles easier.8. While it looks like you have a huge map, little happens on it apart from random encounters (with orcs, duh) and the occasional lore segment. As such, it feels like a streamlined choose your own adventure game book...9. I wish there were more ways to complete a tactical combat than ""Kill all enemies"", ""Get all characters to the end of the level"", or ""Kill a certain NPC"". While these three are sort of kind of enough, there could have been more outcomes. Why not get someone captured if he/she doesn't manage to get away on time and rescue them later?10. Choices matter or only a few occasions (to gain a companion for example), which always makes me question why give us, gamers, choices when the outcome will be similar.11. Even though you have many Points of Interest to traverse, ultimately you are forced through bottlenecks in order to progress the game.12. There could have been way more side missions, lore segments and battles. The potential for those is there, the developers just didn't put more effort into the game...Conclusion:I am recommending this game to crazy Lord of the Rings fans or to everyone when it hits 50% or more off, in order to merit its purchase price. The captivating story and the tactical combat are very strong selling points of this game, but they are largely overshadowed by the lack of enemy variety and the small amount of side activities to do. I enjoyed myself thoroughly, and while the BAD outweighs the GOOD by quite a few points, I can't discard the fact that I was very much into the game, and I was so captivated by it. As such, it gets my thumbs up - but if you are on the fence about The Dwarves, wait until it goes on sale."
76561198066999747,Recommended,403970,30504176,Posted: 14 March,all,Ram,"As someone who has read all the books (or at least the four that have been translated into english) I have found this game quite lovely. I read the first book when it was released in english quite a few years ago, and from what I can remember, the game follows the novel very closely (for what I have played so far). There are a few things that take some getting used to, mostly the combat, but once I figured it out, I found I enjoyed the game much more. I find myself loving the game more and more as I continue to play as the nostalgia sets in. This series of books in for sure one of my favorites. I recommend reading the books, or at least the first one, I have found it makes the game much more enjoyable."
76561198053011075,Recommended,403970,32224400,Posted: 6 June,all,Leviathan,"That's a lovely game! Amazing lore and narration, interesting characters and some very carefully done animation. Srsly, if the narrator says that the character is doing something - the character really do it, not just stand there and wait for you to read or hear everything. And the combat mechanics are not very typical for this kind of rpg, but nothing you can't handle. Actually it's rather simple once you get used to it.This game remind of Dragon Age series or NwN2: the Storm of Zehir, and thats some nice feelings.And of course there're dwarves! Lots of 'em! And that's so great, oh my, what can be cooler than a decent dwarf trying to save everybody's asses xDBut I must admit, it's too short for such price. Better wait for the discount ~50% or more, if you want to buy it.Для русской локализации, кстати, есть ряд проблем, когда пропадают куски текста или они же внезапно заменяются немецким, но если с восприятием той же английской речи на слух нормально, это не проблема."
76561197966800064,Recommended,403970,28128164,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Caldrin,I am not sure what i was expecting from this. I have never read the books but Dawarfs are my favourite fantasy race so I had to pick this up.Its kind of like a mix of a point and click adventure game and top down rpg but leands hard towards the main story.Only three hours into it so far and i was finding hard ot stop playing even tho I have to get up for work in the morning haha.The Art style is really nice and when it goes to the cut scenes the details on the dwarves are bloody good.If you are looking for a good story driven rpg then this is the game for you.. You are not dragged off on tons and tons of pointless little side quests but it feels like you are part of a movie or TV show.
76561198045302848,Recommended,403970,33110581,Posted: 1 July,all,Giskard,"A few hours in I can say this is an overall good game wit ha few drawbacks, best to get this on sale, recommended for those who have read the original novels from Heitz.Pros:- good story (for a video game, anyway)- audiovisually pleasant- the gameplay is funCons:- fixed camera and limited camera controls- the story feels a bit rushed sometimes- combat tends to become clunky- a lot of unused potential when it comes to the RPG elements."
76561198024186432,Recommended,403970,30222606,Posted: 27 February,all,-X-,"So, If you enjoy fantasy with a little challenge this is not a bad combination, however there are some minor problems with the combat where it can sometimes be a little managing, after a few seconds you'll be switching between characters choosing the abilities needed in a combination, it makes up for it in the story, the decisions you make and the animation. The music was nice and the story was incredibly pleasing. I've been keeping an eye on this game since it started as a kickstarter and I was very pleased with the result, like an uncut gem it's beautiful, just needs a little work an it'll shine."
76561198054582733,Recommended,403970,28140523,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Axelmus,"The Game is amazing, enough said.Pros:-The combat is fun-The story is amazing (Proceeds to start looking for the books)-The concept itself is really good.-Good Music-Looks very nice (in my opinion)-You actually need to use strategy to win the battles-Dwarves-Run little Piggies. Oink Oink Little PiggiesCons:-The Game is too short. like really. took me 5 and a half hours to finish the game on Normal. The time spent was fun though, but i didn't do all the side quests, so i might go for a second playthrough.-The Item system is ok, but it isn't what it could be. You van only get consumables and amulets. I want different armors for my dwarves damn it! And Weapons. You use a 1-handed axe and a shield for most of the game, but i want a massive battle-axe to smash things with. Or a Warhammer. Smash. (For the Main Character)-Some interaction problems, but eventually it does work.-Pathfinding Problems when you aren't manually in control-I managed to crash the game once. I initiated two dialogues at the same time, but neither popped up. The game ent on a 1-second loop for 5 minutes before i closed it through Task manager. :(- Still too short. Though i wouldn't mind paying 10-20 Euros for a ""DLC"" that would be book 2? in the series. I don't know how much of the books the game actually contains, but regardless, more content.Thoughts & Random Stuff:-Maybe Openworld exploration after the ""Main Quest"" is finished, it would be interesting to go back to the beginning area with your fuly leveled up characters.-Again i wouldn't mind DLC, or ""The Dwarves 2""Potential Spoilers!-Finishing thoughts: The Game is Great, 8 1/2/10 in my opinion. The Bugs, pathfinding problems and the fact that the game is too short brings it down. It's still worth it, but i'm salty at the foreshadowing at the end of the game, knowing now that whatever is coming isn't in the game (Also potential DLC or Free-LC content). Now i'm going to go read the books. I Still want more though. :)"
76561198190817029,Not Recommended,403970,28327901,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,mrparanoid.germany,"So first, the good points.The story is close to the book, but you still have a few different options, but still mostly scripted.Nice music, good animation and cutscenes.You can see all the work they put into the game at the Dwarf holds of the first, second and fifth.They just look amazing.The animated map is good too.I'm sure others have a more detailed review regarding the good points.Cons:You pay 40$ and get around 10-12h of playtime, I expected 20-40h of playtime.Where did all the money go to?I got 15h on record, but that includes me doing all the stuff again, where I missed an achievement or redoing the parts where I struggled. I have all achievements now .... after 15h.Next the combat system:Yes, you can fall off a  bridge and die and you can hurt your allies too.That's fine to me, it is more realistic and I like it that way.What I struggled with was trying to not to kill the villagers or mercenaries in combat with my abilities.It ended up with me just not using my abilities until most of them died.Apart from the beginning I never had the feeling I need them to get through a level and so they turned into useless sacraficies, increasing the time you need to wipe the orcs out.You don't even have repercussions, if all of them die.I also think some characters are just not really useful in battle, they could have given them better abilities to fight.Maybe it is just me.Through the entire game you can just control 4 characters in battle, which is fine in the beginning, but considering that you get a few large scale battles later, you should be able to control at that point.Conclusion:Go and buy the game when it's on sale for around 20$."
,Not Recommended,403970,30534589,Posted: 15 March,all,Norlas,pros:Dwarfsamazing side lore and narrative (Compareable to King Arthur: The Roleplaying Wargame)cons:terrible combatvery short story (Definitly not worth its 40 euro pricetag)no equipment systemlevels cap at 10 and only give a bonus skill/passive every x levelswould only buy it if it was on atleast a 50% sale
76561198282656958,Not Recommended,403970,28439931,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,evocatis,"The story is good the voice acting is good. The amount it costs for the amount of gameplay you get is not worth it. If it were more memorable like banner saga, then I would forgive the shortness of the game. But, it is not as memorable. Wait for it to drop to 20 dollars, then I would recommend picking it up."
,Recommended,403970,29452790,Posted: 23 January,all,Fivequad,"Now listen I don't do reviews i'm not good at laying out all the details and such of the good and bad so i'm just gonna keep it simpleQ:Is it good?A: Its a hella good I mean its the first game i've fully completed in a really long time as I have this tendency like many others to stop playing a good game after a while as I somehow just become completely bored with it but not this one as it has good voice acting, a really good story with some twists here and there that will surprise you, some pretty good music (though the best is children of the smith which is on youtube if you want to hear it but don't watch the video I mean it as it has some spoilers in it) and some really fun combatQ:Is it long?A:Depends on who you are and what you consider a long or a short game but to tell you the truth the length of the game is hinted in the title in fact if you take the time the game itself has some of the characteristics of a dwarf i'm not gonna explain them all but you can take a guess.Q:How many faults does it have?A:It has a couple faults not many where it makes it unplayable but enough that its noticable a few examples1. Bugs: Apperantly multiple people who I have heard from says there are bugs in the game I haven't really come across any when I played it perhaps the developers fixed it then I don't know2. Combat: Now let me clarify I do not mean that the combat in the game in general sucks I can say with full confidence that its really fun being able to knock off 6 enemies off a bridge and watch them plummet to their death but heres the thing some of the levels allow you to do what I just said which is knock enemies off high places or into holes that will kill them but these things are double sided daggers as in some missions where your objective is to not die there will be multiple holes (Stop laughing) and you will be forced into close quarters combat with your enemy and this will lead to your characters dying over and over from falling into the holes.3. Camera: Now during combat your camera is not in any free roam mode and this complicates the fights as you will at times accidently order one of your characters to go somewhere that will lead to their deathsSo theres your review if you at all somehow found it helpful i'm glad and I hope you all have a nice day."
,Recommended,403970,30522657,Posted: 15 March,all,Dan,"I was skeptical as to whether I would like this game (from the various negative reviews) but like a great book, I haven't been able to put the game down.It reminds me VERY much of Dragon Age: Origins, which in turn is very similar to Neverwinter Nights.  You have real-time pause, you are flipping between your characters and planning spells and cross-character combos...   The overall game map is episodic, similar to DA:O and Neverwinter Nights, and each stage is a crafted level.  There is a rich, narrated story that draws you in. There is also some light dev humor in the game (The quest named ""Game of Thrones"", and the gold ring you loot ""A gold ring with an inscription on the inside.  It's not important."" .. get it? Ring of Mordor?  Not important? LOLOverall I find the game quite fun - and about finished my first run through in just under 13 hours of game play.  I don't see a lot of replayability but I'll probably play it one more time through.On the Negative Side:I like the combat system, but it lacks the same precision found in DA:O / NVWN.  The biggest headache for me was the camera - it has limited zooming in and out, and doesn't allow panning around the scene.  The camera is tethered to the selected character, so you can only pan a limited distance away.  There are no starting stats for your characters, nor do you get to name them (Not very RPGish)... there isn't *really* an inventory or loot system - just a collection of items you buy from specific merchants and use in the game.I picked the game up when it was on sale recently 60% off.  The game is worth that price, but I cannot say its worth the full price.  I would recommend it solely for those people that like the fantasy genre."
,Not Recommended,403970,28466363,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,ExRay,This game started out very promising but failed to deliver. There was very lttle story and only a few side quests. Before you even know it the game was over. The gameplay was good and it could have bee na very good game if it had more to it.
76561197978960175,Recommended,403970,28132484,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Outback Daddy,"Well,  I didn't really know what to expect going in. I remember when it was announced and I thought it looked interesting and then forgot about it until today. I haven't read the books but I usually love Dwarves in fantasy settings.So, my overall impressions are positive. I enjoyed the gameplay very much. The combat is very frantic and can be frustrating if you dont USE THAT PAUSE BUTTON! I liked all of the characters and I was very wrapped up in the story pretty early on. I will definitely be reading the book(s?).A couple of negatives are definitely in there, the combat is a lot of fun but every now and then something will happen that makes you pretty sad. There is friendly fire so the chances are, you will kill one of your teammates and they will probably be required for the mission and you will fail. Maybe I just suck. Also, near the end of the game there are some missions that go back to back which is fine (the ending was pretty exciting) but your characters dont heal after the mission and when you are forced to use a certain character for a mission it kind of sucks if they have no health going into the second or third mission. Maybe I should have just prepared better.My biggest gripe with the game is the length. I pretty much marathoned through it and when I was done I was pretty bummed. The game seemed well paced and I felt like it told a complete story but for a $40 game I wish there was more to play around with.Overall, it is a good, unique game that left me wanting more. However, rather than making me want to buy another $40 installment it makes me just want to read the books."
,Not Recommended,403970,28578871,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,[RIP] Crunch,"I have read all of the books that are associated with this series and this game sounded like a dream come true.it was far from it. the Combat is unrewarding blank and not even fun. your party is too big and you have to choose 4 people to play  with in battles and the other 10 just exist.The Character development of your friends is just off.You can't develop any type of relation with them, no interaction no choices made.This game could have been anotherDragon Agebut it is too short, too unrewarding and not enough lore when you literally have 5 books to take inspiration from.all in all I expected way more from this game and it underdelivered with 10 hours of gameplay."
76561198076211449,Recommended,403970,28218505,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Augusgus,"After finishing the game I can say: as a long time fan of Markus Heitz and his works (on which this game is based, if you didn't know) this game is perfect and I really hope we will see a sequel to this!However I also want to review this just based on how this game plays itself, ignoring the fact that I'm a fan of the books:Pro:- Unique playstile- Dwarves, orks, Alfar (kind of dark elves), zombies, magic... everything a fantasy fan wants to see is in this. Also Dwarves!- Graphics are pretty nice- Good story- Sounds and voice acting is superb (I only played through it in german yet, will update later when I played it in english)- No bugs so far encountered- A lot of well written textsCons:- Animations are sometimes a bit clunky- The game is pretty short (sadly)- It can be pretty tough- If you dont like reading or listening you will miss a lot of informationAll in all it is a good game and I can only recommend it to everyone, especially if the price is reduced. If you loved the books like I did it is an absolute must buy, no doubt. If you didnt hear of The Dwarves before you are in for a pretty nice ride with this game."
76561198347698083,Recommended,403970,29582277,Posted: 30 January,all,LoneHoplite,"I wouldn't say I'm disappointed, but I do have an axe to grind about a few things:1) No customization.2) While some choices affect the story, the impact of said choices are not that big, making it kinda boring as the variety of the story is limited.3) Because there really isn't a lot to do while on the world map, travelling can get dragging and boring.That being said, I still recommend this game because of the ff:1) Great story. I like the world building and the general story of the game. I just kinda wish there was more though.2) Gameplay is engaging. I think that the game's replayability lies in that there are different combinations of team members that you can experiment with per level. I used to just stubbornly pick the dwarven team members, but got bored of the repetitiveness of it.3) They're dwarves that kill hordes of orcs and undead. What's not to like?"
76561197962076091,Recommended,403970,33703638,Posted: 21 July,all,FrenziedRoach,"Solid game, I don't regret my time spent in it.  It's a bit harder than it needs to be though.Knowing it came from a book - I decided to pick up said book..... and ended up loving it.Game can't hold a candle to said book, but it was a noble attempt.Great game to pick up for 20 bucks and blow through, even if the ending felt a bit.... meh."
76561198001914453,Recommended,403970,28223813,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Shatters,"Overall a great game!! If you are looking for a casual hack and slash with a rich storyline, The Dwarves is the game for you. Graphics are visually appealing, soundtrack and voice acting are first rate, and combat is challenging and simple enough for the casual gamer. My only real complaint is the short game time (I beat it in 11 hours) and lack of more indepth role-playing, but that may be more my own misguided expectations. Basically, if you want a beautiful game with epic battles with little to no learning curve, you should try this game."
76561198053126199,Recommended,403970,28206892,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Yuri,"The game is good, has decent characters, has a decent story progression, but it's not great all the times, the game has some AI pathfinding issues just like many other Unity games, these issues may lead your characters to die frequently, or just hit each other more than they hit the enemy (the friendly fire in this game is also unforgiving so too bad for you g.g), I liked the main character for the most of the time, except for the borderline emotional roller coaster , that makes the character arc looks weak sometimes, one thing that also bothers me is boindil frenzy that happens too often (he strikes everything near, EVERYTHING including you and he does not heal) has a lore reason too but even so, he just does not have HP enough to go crazy and live after if he's just too far from the others and you always have to babysit one of the coolest guys in game, there's also the issue with the arrows hitting you through solid objects and the freezing in one place bug that happens sometimes. Besides all of that, I had fun, the animations sometimes are just great, the attention to small details is something that I also liked and I will be waiting for a proper sequel, maybe one with less bugs and better AI, epicness awaits the children of Vraccas . 7/10"
,Recommended,403970,32717198,Posted: 24 June,all,Grooted®™,"i read the book series well before this game even got its first line of code. and i loved it.and im suprised on how they managed to make the books into a game, with a nice D&D feel with the choices and random events, combat is fun specially when you pull off a nice combo. ive died a fair too many times but meh, i like playing the books that got me thinking just how would a dwarf go up against an elvish (or elf like) being.do i recommend? yes, BUT AFTER YOU GET AND READ THE BOOKS LEGIT DO IT."
76561198006811318,Not Recommended,403970,28158439,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Gotrek,"Markus Heitz is an amazing author, and I love The Dwarves novels. All of them. I am a huge mark for the dwarves and when I discovered a game based on these books I was ecstatic. It looked good, and I loved these books so much I had to buy it. 40 dollars was not cheap, so it must have been a thought out project. Very well planned and with a very solid foundation of gaming mechanics and concept. It already had a great story with great characters, it's going to be awesome. With that said and six hours in, I can see that they must have not tested this game at all what so ever. This game has so much potential and yet the execution on game play and the lack of options, controls, and AI is idiotic. They need a vast update or patch to make this work well. But do I like it? Perhaps, but who cares, this is a little review, maybe even a way to vent.The good- I will start off putting down what I think works for this game.-The graphics are really nice, there is great animation in these cutscenes and on battle. The facial detail is neat, and they capture the body essence of the dwarves really well. It's cool seeing the interpratation from the books to actual visualization. A lot coincides with that my imagination looks like. Nice lighting effects and magic effects. Good graphics I say.-Story telling. The narrative is very good and informative. They follow the novel very well. They also capture the characteristics excellently. Cant go wrong with the story. I havent felt a need to skip dialogue or cutscenes.-Sound. Voice acting is good. You can tell they are skilled actors even if the recording itself is a little flawed. Sometimes it sounds like the mic is right in there mouth but it still is good. Tungdil sounds a little too happy sometimes though. I think it overall is really good though. What sucks is that they play the same voice lines during battle too much. ""Right, okay, on it, right, okay, on it. I didnt hit you hard."" over and over again.-Party characters. It is a big party, consisting of 9 at sometimes. You can only choose 4 to fight but all have their own style. Some skills are the same but it works differently with other characters. Using strategy and thought makes it kind of fun to mix and match your choices.-Flow. I enjoy the flow of the game. The overmap is cool, a little unique as well. There is an overhead map and you move the pieces that represent your party to different location guided by dotted lines. The world is big with lots of little towns to visit. You can see the progression of orc armies and with little points of interests and sidequest. You gain xp and some treasure by interacting. You cant spend all day moving from point to point for you will waste your provisions making so you cant heal fully between fights.-Dwarves. It has kick♥♥♥♥♥dwarves.The bad things. And oh boy there are a lot of bad things.-AI. This is my biggest and most rage enducing gripe. Your party members do nothing except auto attack unless you say so. They wont move, they wont react, they wont use skills. Skills are the main weapon of the game. Auto attack is worthless, it drains so little. The enemy is in droves and you take way more damage than you can dish out. Skills are the only thing that secures victory. Some instances the objective is to catch an orc or kill one npc and they run and you got to slog your way through the horde just to chase. Then when you are close your skills miss the damn target. There is no option to alter any of this. Hardly any options for gameplay at all. You will find yourself losing track of party members and will die, and they die quickly. You also leave them behind because the camera is garbage.-Camera and view. There is no camera scrolling. And for a tactical isometric view, camera scrolling is needed. You have to click away like an idiot to move your characters and hold down the middle mouse button to rotate and zoom camera. This is so frusterating. You cant see what the other party member is doing if you concentrate on one. With four characters it makes the game unnecessarily hard. Then there are the stupid ranged horde firing at you and you cant see how many or where at.-Controls. The controls are basic, too basic infact. There are no options to change, and all you can do is click and Q W E R for skills. You cant scroll over the view and you click away. No sticking targeting so you are either using a skill in a wrong direction or become out of range. Characters get stuck on eachother and bump around the masses. It's annoying to grab multiple members and maneuver them. You will get confused on the left and right click actions because they are opposite of eachother in skills and auto attack. You right click to move, and you right click to attack. You miss click you run pass them, so you keep pausing with space. You set up a skill to use you right click. That cancels the skill...You left click the skill or hit Q W E R and left click to use, not right click. It's annoying and different to other games. I am not stupid, it's just ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.-Friendly fire. Oh my god how this is dumb. Your party cant work as a team...In a tactical RPG your party cant work together because of friendly fire. What a bunch of crap. You end up using a skill and they clobber your friends and knock them off a cliff, stun, damage or knock down. Even when you think they are out of range, it still ends up hitting them some how by using a push back by other enemies into them. And since there is no camera scrolling using a big aoe spell or skill you accidently will hit your party. Rodario uses a copycat disguise and during the ruckus of battle I accidently one shotted him because he looked just like the orc. I'm sorry, but that does not make good gaming. Its ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t and people who want to play the ""realistic"" card to me, just look at other games. Besides this is a world filled with magic and orcs. The friendly fire will drive you nuts.-Combat. While it looks good at first and on paper, it really does crumble over the stupid AI, the horse crap friendly fire, the lack of controls and options, and the♥♥♥♥♥♥poor camera. It's fun slaughtering hoards of orcs but the difficulty is just so unfair at times. Archers pelt you from a far and do most of the damage and there isnt a damn thing you can do about it. You might try leaping to there level or finding cover or running around but since there is no AI for your party they get overwhelmed and you cant concentrate on it. YOU CANT BE TACTICAL.  Pausing every 3 seconds is not fun. Then you have to fight with the camera. These arent nit picks, these are major factors.-Difficulty. There is no saving during battle. You spend a long time manuevering and pulling and kiting and fighting only to accidently kill your partner with the stupid friendly fire by knocking them off a cliff at the end of the mission then having to start all over is hair pullingly annoying. You can choose from Easy, medium, hard but easy and medium hardly shows a difference. The unfairness is abound.The execution on this game sucks. It just lacks a complete need for testing. I just cant recommend this game. 40 dollars is just too much for all its flaws. If this gets an overhaul it would be a damn good game. I can only recommend it to fans like myself. The book is amazing, the series is amazing and dwarves are the best race of all time. I am sure it is a long game but I just cant recommend it to the conventional player."
76561198018582676,Recommended,403970,28129012,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,lhoellma,"The telling style is quite uniqe and I really like it that the story teller gives a few word at every event, in these moments it is a little like a pen and paper game.The Characters are charismatic so far and I am intrigued where the story leads. I am no reader of the books so I have a question mark above my head almost all the time I played but it have been only 2 hours till now.The combat is fun but can be challenging. I really like the physics based combat(The Devs named it thus). Throwing away enemies or blasting them from ledges is elementary in combat and makes you really feel like you control a mighty warrior.There are a few technical flaws, but they surely will be patched in the coming weeks. The game is perfectly playable in the release version.Would really reccomend to buy, 35€ at the moment is a fair price for a fun and charismatic RPG."
,Recommended,403970,32746963,Posted: 24 June,all,ChaosTheory,"In short - nice graphics. awsome voice, awsome storyline. A little short but got potential for an expantion / a second gameFights are a little lacking, sucks that you can only bring 4 heroes to the fight, also wish i could change the armor on the dwarfs."
76561197978232684,Recommended,403970,28232904,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,[Asgard] Thor,"When I originally saw the trailer I was expecting a Hack and Slash with Dwarves. The game as it turns out, is not quite so. It's really more like Dragon Age with the pausing of combat and queuing of skills to use against enemies. While disappointed with it not being a hack and slash, I did find myself to enjoy this game dispite a conflicted feeling.Combat was pretty good, skills were easy to use and understand. The story was pretty typical for a fantasy setting. One thing I dislike about fantasy games is each one has to throw a million names out to describe towns, races, racial groups, the earth, the countryside, and other things.  The characters were likeable and were interesting to see how they interacted with each other.Problems with the game are as follows:Characters would very often run into each other and get stuck if they were trying to move past each other.Some story conversations would get stuck and the game would not progress.Had a couple crashes happen towards the end of the game.There is gold in the game, but not a lot of places to use the gold. Some towns have a market but others don't with no indication of whats what.The huge map seems pointless beyond a few side quests here and there."
76561198137591778,Not Recommended,403970,28193303,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,mindmap,Finished the games and all sidequests in 7 hours. The combat gets repetitive and boring. The storytelling in some of the villages became drawn out and bothersome to read through. Spend your time on rereading the books instead of playing this game.
76561198005007828,Recommended,403970,29653929,Posted: 2 February,all,Mibbles,"Good Storyline, Good characters,Mediocre gameplay, weird camera. 6/10 Get on sale."
76561198071685124,Recommended,403970,30674504,Posted: 22 March,all,sosbro,"This game isn't exactly for casuals, nor hardcore rpg folks either. The combat micromanaging will overwhelm the former, while the latter may be deflated by limited choices or illusions.This is a game...that you buy to pass the time while waiting for that big RPG you've been waiting for.Story doesn't require a replay. Reccomend getting for $36 or lower."
76561198009919344,Recommended,403970,34242131,Posted: 14 August,all,Ma Wi,"I didn't read the books, but I always felt like it would be interesting to me, so when I heard there would be a game about it, I had to have it.The game is made by a pretty small german studio called King Art Games and you have to bear that in mind. They aren't as big as other studios and therefore cannot compete with AAA games. This far they basically only made the ""The Book of unwritten Tales"" series.Does that mean the game is bad? Absolutely not. But it feels like the story and universe should have been in an open world 100+ hours game. Instead it is in a 10 hours + level game where the voyage itself is shown on a map where you can only choose different paths from given choices. All in all, the game feels like a Pen and Paper with a lot of narration and a lot of fighting, a good story, but little else. The few side quest you have are badly written and you can't get a picture of the situation before deciding on what you want to do, because once you say ""I'll do that once I know more"" the game won't let you get back - rendering the side quest useless. The main story however is good and entertaining - just not long enough.I played the game in the german version and the voice acting is outstanding. Next to every role is perfect.The fighting is fun, challenging and over all good. Different characters give you different fighting options, wich is nice. So there is nothing to complain here.Since the game is made by a german studio you will find a lot of references to Germany, like for example to the festival Wacken - wich is fun, if you get them.All in all, i recommend the game. It is a fun way to spend a weekend - if you like listening to a story rather then exploring the game world like you do e.g. in Skyrim."
76561197993639644,Recommended,403970,29735268,Posted: 5 February,all,Myrrh,"Great game, certainly with flaws- personally I enjoyed the short run time- the game does not overstay it's welcome. Much of the narrative is handled in a form almost like a visual novel- I felt somewhat lost in the setting at the start of the game but sticking with it, things quickly started making sense to me, getting attached to and cursing the names of different characters involved before too long.Mechanically the combat is interesting- characters controlling somewhat like the characters in the second dawn of war, each having a small battery of abilities to turn the tide against massives hordes- it can get a little repetitive, while there are varied mission objectives in battle to battle, they often boil down to killing a _lot_ of orcs, this does give a pretty great epic feel to the fights but it can wear a little thing. Bugs are present but for the most part are not game breaking, though pathfinding can be a little irksome.Soundtrack is brilliant and very fitting- I personally didn't like the weird metal tune thrown in for the credits- but to each their own there. The voice acting at points can be really flat, I suspect lines were handed out outside of context.On the balance though- loved it. Pretty interested in picking up the books and keen to see a sequel. Gets a thumbs up."
76561198044735572,Not Recommended,403970,28267485,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Vladimir Kovacs,"This is a hard game to judge. Overall, I liked the game, but I find it difficult to recommend at this point.  The game feels like it should have been better polished before being released. The bigger problem is that it is just too short. When i got this on the release date, I expected it to be similar to other western RPGs. This means I expected a 20-40 hour experience with a lot of gameplay.  This game is closer to 8 or 9 hours with little content past the main plot.  That said, what is there is the great foundation for a game.  The story is what makes the game work, but when I consider that, it makes more sense to recomend that potential players read the books instead. My best recomendation is to wait for a sale with a heavy discount. If I had not payed so much for the game, I would perhaps of been more inclined to recomend it."
76561198034381182,Recommended,403970,28201861,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Xander,"The game is definitely unique and quite a lot of fun. You cannot go wrong with playing this game. The combat is unique and the story is fun, the voicework makes the story feel alive. It slightly reminds me of lord of the rings, except that you have a party full of Gimlis who want to kill as many orcs as possible.It is a little short if you go straight for your objectives, and it is fairly difficult to understand the controls and how the game works. There is a short tutorial but it doesn't do a very good job of explaining all the controls. I had no idea for the longest time how to move the camera (it's the middle mouse button, and you find out about it in a loading screen tip)..The only trully bad thing about the game was a language bug. The game is translated in multiple languages with full voicework in both english and german. Often times after a save the game would randomly switch to from english to german despite my language in the settings being set to german. I found no way of fixing it other than restarting the game."
76561197986389703,Recommended,403970,28288549,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,lord-fingolfin,"A combat system that is very enjoiable once you have gotten used to it and a World second only to tolkiens works imho.If only this game was longer it would have been a near perfekt narrative driven RPG.Campaign is done in rougly 10 hours on medium if you rush it. Aside from that, a clear recommendation for every fan of the Books or Dwarves in general."
,Recommended,403970,32962094,Posted: 28 June,all,Supertr34,Top down RTS where you take control of a squad of characters to fight the evils of the landPROSgood storydecent voice actingstrong endingCONSslightly clumbsy combatthe starting learning curve is a bit roughOverall it's a good ol' romp in the park. throughly enjoyable.
,Recommended,403970,28148951,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Nordic_Frog,I never heard about this game or expected anything in it but dwarves. I enjoyed the game but i do have a few things i wish they fixed when i currently post this.Pro'sDwarves!Easy to follow along lore.Excellent voice acting.Amazing cinematic.Decision making.Alternative paths for your quest.Likeable and no flat charcters.Music is spot on.The area's you go to and fight in are well crafted. (Besides the camera clipping in a few.)Bugs/con'sCamera clippingAudio sometimes does not sync with cinematic'sNot much variety in music.Large healing potions do not heal.Game can be very short if you do not do what side quests there are.Hero has a rommantic relationship with someone else and it felt force.Ai pathing can be clunky.Final notes: I would buy the game because i feel all the con's and bugs are very small and can easily be fixed.I have had been having a itch to play a game sort of like this with dwarven charcters in it. But alas no games intill now.Its a def buy if on sale and it made my love of dwarves ignite again. If its full price. It would be up to you. I finshed the game in 12 hours.
,Not Recommended,403970,28263258,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,dust5tv,"I purchased this game knowing absolutely nothing about it, or even the lore or novels for that matter. The visuals and desire to play a new RPG based in a medieval setting was what initially attracted me to this one. The first few hours of gameplay were actually very enjoyable, however the last 30-40% of the game became a bit old and I found myself longing for it to just be over. From that point of view, the game delivered... considering that total gametime from start to finish was only about 13-14 hours. Following is a list of likes/dislikes:LIKED- Pleasing graphics and attention to detail in the animations.. for example when picking up an object in the world it doesn't just magically appear in your backpack... instead you actually see the character pick up the object and wield it in the game world- Voice acting was absolutely stunning - probably some of the best in any game I've ever played- Lore was extremely compelling and dialog options were interesting. The designers kept the dialog choices relevant to the situation and didn't include pages and pages of unnecessary dialog just as filler.- Interesting mix of combat style using MOBA style actions combined with Dragon Age style pause/command issue.DISLIKED- Control was very clunky. In particular achieving a camera angle to properly assess the battlefield is impossuble when your character is near a wall, as the game doesn't let the camera pass through the wall to see further. In other words you are locked into an overhead view in this situation.- Game was far too short for the price. Total gametime for me start to finish was about 13-14 hours playing somewhat casually.- Provisions system is flawed. I didn't run out of provisions once during the game, and it felt like more of a chore than adding anything meaningful to the game.- Items/loot: Virtually non-existent. There is oppotunity to buy various potions or talismans at times, however these are quite ""boring"" and add very little to the gameplay- Zero replayability as the storyline is fixed.- World map initially gave the sense of an open world, however you quickly realize that most of the map ""nodes"" are empty and the map simply serves as a point and click method to get from one story point to the next.- Quest log was very poorly implemented. Very little detail/background on the quests was provided, and it's not clear why the log is even necessary as there are actually very few side quests and there is only really one main quest / destination at any given time which is marked quite clearly on the world map.- At the time of my playthrough (1st week of release), there were still several bugs in the game, although none of them were showstoppers. I.E. consuming a health potion doesn't always heal the character, etc.TLDR; An interesting story, well presented, but poorly implemented with no replayability. Pick it up on sale and expect 10 - 15 hours of playtime."
76561197960349309,Recommended,403970,28326611,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Johan,"The game is fun to play, but not a big challenge. Finished the game in 18 hours without prior knowledge of the game. Not any replayability which is a shame as it is a fun game."
76561198009461441,Recommended,403970,32878825,Posted: 27 June,all,berzebub3.14,I want to love that game but game play is so so boring.So why Positive you may ask?Dwarfs and a good story about dwarfs. I hope yo see next part of game with better mechanics.
,Recommended,403970,33044934,Posted: 30 June,all,herr lehrer,One of the best RPG-Games with an incredible story.
76561197971843451,Not Recommended,403970,28236171,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Redflashlight,Simply unplayable with all the bugs around.Which is really sad because i love the books and the overall storyfeeling of the game is just great.In the current state the game is just not worth it though.Hope it gets some bugfixes soon!
,Not Recommended,403970,28635158,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,[Klonk] essimoon,"In spite of being well designed in some aspects and being appealing as a whole, it's a bit too expensive (40 Euro at the time) for what it delivers. I stumbled upon a couple of bugs and very performance-heavy scenes which forced me to reload and turn the quality settings down. The game looks appealing but I don't know where the performance goes judging by the minimal visual difference of the lower quality settings. The menu and character navigation still feel like they could use a bit more polish, too. Everything feels a bit clunky and slow. Overall it feels like a good start but like a game that was published too early (I'd probably say it's beta) with a price that doesn't fit the content.I recommend taking another look at the game when there's a sale since I feel it's a bit too expensive for 7 hours of full gameplay (with all sidequests) and the issues I described earlier."
76561197987512543,Recommended,403970,28155007,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,[T7C] Mr. Grimm,"Finished the game in just over 17 hours although I could have done it in probably 12. Really short game. That aside, it is an amazing game. The characters are interesting, the story is great and the levels are absolutely pleasant to look at.Upside - Amazing story. Fun characters throughout the story. Levels are beautiful! Camera control is fun. Combat is fun and interesting. Voice acting is superb!Downside - The game is still quite buggy. I had characters get stuck, unable to move. The game crashed a few times. Once in a while some characters/creatures  would float. Sometimes combat became clunky. Game too short.Overall I am pleased with this game and hope for some DLC or a sequil."
,Recommended,403970,28132609,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Rambo,"Imagine my surprise when I found out that a game based on one of my favorite book series was being developed.  Unfortunately, I missed the kickstarter but I did grab a copy as soon as it was released.I'm only a couple hours into it, but I am blown away.  It's like reading the book for the first time again.I can't wait to play through this one!"
76561198043829204,Recommended,403970,30571596,Posted: 17 March,all,Idle-Empire | Varde,"Great GameIts like playing the first book of the saga - you still can make many different choices comprared to the book,- thats cool.-The Storyteller is amazing  !!-Battles are challenging and funnyThanks @ King Art"
,Recommended,403970,30560702,Posted: 16 March,all,Fairemont,"I was pleasantly surprised with this game.It was of reasonable length, enjoyable difficulty, with a decent story that was a mix of predictable and not. Major cliff hanger at the end, however.Major issues? Not really. Sometimes trying to move or target with abilities could be a little dangerous since you'd just clobber your teammate into the shadowrealm by accident, but rarely had any issues with anything now my fault."
76561198041566982,Recommended,403970,30715175,Posted: 24 March,all,Ludwig Schwarzhelm,"If you've read the books, you're going to like it. The characters you've read so much about are recreated in a believable way, partly due to the voice acting which adds to their personality. The story itself also follows quite exactly to the book with dialogue that, at times, comes straight from the books. Of course there are a fiew changes due to budget, adaption to a different platform, but nothing really off putting to those who've read the books. The only thing that's a bit unfortunate is the rather quick ending. As soon as you leave the realm of the fifthlings, the game is over rather swiftly. In a certain way that's understandable, the books step up a pace at the end as well, but the final battle could have been a bit longer, challenging and more heroic.For gameplay, the basics are rather easy to handle but due to the different difficulty settings you can still enjoy a tougher challange which will require coordination and strategic thinking for those who really want a challange.Graphics are well done with a right ammount of attention to detail. I haven't played the game with the digital deluxe edition so I can't go into that further.Appearently there are numerous problems with corrupt saves and crashes. I've only experienced this one time so I can't really complain about it. I do understand that this is an important issue to which attention needs to be payed, let's hope that upcomming patches will solve some of these issues.Overall, I really liked playing this game, I was really exited when I found out they made a game about it and was quite pleased they kept true to the books. They worked out the characters in accordance with the books and worked out their personalities so that each of them really feels like their book counterpart. Apart from the mentioned issues it's a good game with a lot of future potential when the current problems are solved."
76561198015939568,Recommended,403970,30510794,Posted: 14 March,all,Bobzzo,"Overall it's a good game, especially when got on sale (like I did few days ago)...The good stuff:- decent graphics- decent sound and voice acting ( dwarves sound like drunken Scottish fellas just like you expect them to be, except for the main character who sounds like a sober Oxford literature proffesor, the elves also has nice voice acting)- nice story (it's based on a book after all). Also the narrative is funny - just like you're reading a book- dwarves (consider it good stuff if you are fantasy fan)- combat is fun, requires planning of how and when to use your heroes skills - there are pure DPSers heroes and others who are perfect for tanking and sucking dmg. Also the usage of the AOE skills is essential - the normal attacks are doing let's say .. almost zero dmg.- game is hard (even on medium difficulty) and requires some thinking which is good to me. I hate easy games- Children of the Smith - played by Blind Guardian  (consider it good stuff if you are fan of the good old German power metal)Now the bad stuff:- THE CAMERA - I swear at some points it can drive you mad- unexplained deaths - on some missions u have objective that all your heroes should survive - that's fine but for some reason at some point as all your heroes are at full death, battle's going fine (or there is not even a battle) u receive the message - mission failed and have to restart. This is really annoying - simply because you don't understand what has happened so you can avoid it during next try.- Other playes say the game is short (I haven't finished it yet)Overall 7/10 - the game has huge potential for expansions and development. THQ did good work and I really recommend it.In case you decide to pickup this game - small hint - your heroes are regenerating health during battles so if you can take a breath between the waves of enemies or you can place your injured heroes on some save spot - do it, before you rush forward. It took me a while to figure that strategy out :)."
,Recommended,403970,28138075,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Zoinks,"Charming dialogue, good voice acting and fun characters along side fun unique physics based action rpg gamplay really makes the dwarves stand out in the genre. Apart from a few jank environment interactions that only work with a few clicks there are no technical faults with the game so far.The world is a standard Tolkein clone but as a fan of that kind of setting I will not complain."
,Not Recommended,403970,28432203,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Zeitzef,"I didn't play the game for long crashes and bugs were interrupting play too much,The game was fun but combat felt a little grindy and clunky.the roleplaying aspect felt awkward to me, because the main character has his own personality but ends up being very contradictory to being able to roleplay in certain fashions.+unique combat system+large world to explore+dwarves-lack of keybinding-I had crash issues-linear roleplayingI'm not saying it's a bad game, I just wish i could have played a demo first."
,Recommended,403970,28512328,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Gelkor,"Great little game for a good price!Pros and Cons:Combat:On the whole the combat really reminded me of playing Dragon Age: Origins (a good thing). On the one hand everythying has friendly fire  (at least on Hard difficulty), but since everything has a blast template it's easy to adjust your aim to not kill allies. A Plus.I've seen complaints about needing to pause every few seconds to activate an ability, personally, that's what I missed about the Dragon Age Series, so that was a positive for me as well.Two areas of uniqueness in the combat stood out to me as being just great, however:For one, the combat resouce management for abilities. You get stamina/mana/whatever back whenever you kill, when the more friendly you are with other characters, the higher chance they get resource back when you do, and vice a versa.  That's just a neat little way of setting it up so combat starts to become faster and easier as you progress through the game and showcases the team allying as a ""fighting unit.""Two, the ranged travel abilities. Holly crap, was this something I needed in these kind of games. Not the charge and run abilities of course, those are always a bad choice if you have the leap or teleport abilities. These abilitiesdrasticallychange the landscape of the battlefield allowing you to move units up and down different levels instantly to get away from or get to enemies. Just fantastic.Minor gripes with the Combat:There are only two group healing abilities in the game, one is on a tutorial ""leader"" character you never use again. The other is on a character that doesn't get it until very late game. I felt there was a missed opportunity for Tungdil's Leader/Rally skill to also do AoE healing.The AI is pretty dumb, ally and enemy pathing can be silly and easy to trip up (another reason to use the leap abilities). Enemy Archers just blanket an area, one particularly difficult area is easily cheesed by using your  tankiest character to ""pull"" the whole enemy camp across their own arrow fire to mow them down.The three ability limit really starts to weigh down your tactical options later on.StoryOverall fun story, good dialogue, but I have to agree with many that the ending feels a tad rushed. The last 1/6th of the game feels like it could have been expanded to make up a quarter of the game, especially to give you some time to really get to used some of the later abilities.  And, while I won't spoil it, it would also give some time for the romance subplot to actually develop instead of ""surprise!"" they're in love.SummaryOverall a game I really enjoyed with some minor flaws that didn't hinder my enjoyment."
76561197997997620,Recommended,403970,29347442,Posted: 18 January,all,lovecraft.dagon,Wow :D Don't let the graphics fool you. This is a great game with an intruigin story. I'm a long time fan of the books by Markus Heitz and for me it's like the book has come alive. I already like it as much as the Dragon Age and Witcher series.Sadly its only 8-10hrs long. But at least it are highly entertaining hours.Totally worth its price :)
76561198026194898,Recommended,403970,28208456,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,MecCz,"Short Review:Story 10/10 - You like Audio Books and Gaming? This Game is for you!Graphics 8/10 - The artstyle is a little bit to cartoonie for my taste, but overall ok, especially the cutscenes are good.Gameplay 6/10 - It feels sometimes a bit clumsy, when you Dwarves can't walk trough 4 Orks, although there are clearly 2 meters between each one. Then the awkward pushing mechanik where you Charakters a hovering over the terrain when pushed by a horde of Orks... meh.But the figthing feels solid an rewarding.10/10 - The difficulty, even on easy some battles are tough!PS: The Ork Archers need a nerf!"
76561198016085192,Not Recommended,403970,28474575,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Dreadengore,"got this game installed it and finished it in just over a day playing casual.  the game  looks nice and works well enough but    its kinda boring. not a great deal to do and very limited.  over all im going to say its a crap game and wish i didnt waste my money on it.  but hey! i like dwarves and all that kind of stuff so on that basis alone i had to see what it was about.it seems to me developers are getting lazy with games, they just offer the very basics these days no one is being inovative.for example the alst two games i played that has some serious inovation and thought behind them were starwars galaxies and eve online.  not even  pillars of eternity was up to scratch.  so as you can imagine my view of this game at this price compaired to those games is going to be very very low.wait till its in a sale or the price comes right down. not worth it at its current price."
,Recommended,403970,32242500,Posted: 7 June,all,Spacemanlll,"It's good, but not more. There are many things different in the books or just mentioned in one sentence. It is really short also (so why the hell is it so expansive?).But it is nice to play, if you have read the books."
76561198127418789,Recommended,403970,30499743,Posted: 13 March,all,armordonio,"Once you go in, Its hard to get out of."
,Recommended,403970,28192238,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Mr Matt Dude,"Short and sweet. Took me under 15h to complet with all sidequests, but was worth it. Story telling is unlike any other game I've played. Very immersive.Battles can be hard, but turn out easy once you understand that it's all about positioning.Can't wait for expansions or The Dwarves 2 ;)Hope you enjoy that game as much as I have!"
76561197987083150,Not Recommended,403970,32822606,Posted: 26 June,all,ChibiNyan,The key rebindings option is bugged and the default bindings suck on my keyboard --> instant refund. Nothing is more annoying than playing a game with ♥♥♥♥♥♥ controls.
76561197970491058,Recommended,403970,28246621,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,aranian,"For me, the real surprise release this season wasn't Tyranny, it was The Dwarves! The production value of this game is quite good. Don't let the preview fool you; the combat mechanics aren't it's real strength. Rather, the solid script and impeccable delivery of the voice acting is brings the story of The Dwarves to life.At normal difficulty, expect The Dwarves to provide a solid 14 hours of entertainment."
,Recommended,403970,28281252,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Dengue Fever,"Game is great.  I like he game play and difficulty.  No Ragurts.I'm playing on linux and I have a couple miinor issues -+ the language has switched to gertman on me a couple of timesm and I have to restart to go back to english+ The game has shut down abruptly after a couple cut scenes that occur after a battle, When I come back to the game I have to fight through the battle again.Not show stoppers, but annoying."
76561198008896344,Recommended,403970,28196161,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Ironsides,"I recommend this game, but perhaps not for forty dollars. The Dwarves is extremely short, but it did scratch the dwarven itch I've been trying to sooth for the last couple of years. Passiblet storyline, interesting if repetitive combat mechanics, fun characters. The game is not particularly challenging, but not every game needs to be. I'd recommend looking for a decent sale, 50 -75% off sounds about right.  If you're a fan of Dwarves, this game is likely for you. If not, you milage may vary."
76561198007101524,Recommended,403970,28165489,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Eulathus,"So far it's a pretty good game. The story is rich and extremely immersive. The combat is difficult enough yet not clunky or hard to use. It's over all a wonderful game that I'm looking forward to finishing.I did run into a bug however, I play in English with Spanish subtitles and through the game at points the game has reverted to German audio and subtitles which make some points in the game extremely difficult and problematic."
76561198117550327,Recommended,403970,28417873,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Cinncinatus,"An awesome story with a mundane title. The game has decent rpg elements and in many cases your choices make a difference to the story.The only bad thing about the game was the combat system. It is an extremely poorly designed version of warcraft 3's combat system but with no units and only heroes and a terrible ai for your units as well as the npcs.However if you can look past that and just focus on the story you will be rewarded with an excellent game.  I had fun, want a sequel - yesterday :)"
76561198065295301,Not Recommended,403970,29062841,Posted: 6 January,all,MrUndercity,"Don't get me wrong I love the dwarves series I'm at the fourth book right now. The story telling is good, the characters are like I imagined them and the world map is amazing aswell, but the gameplay is horribly frustrating for me I just can't imagine Boendil getting f****d by 6 orcs just because I didn't watch him for 10 seconds. I wish there was a hack and slash mode for this game where you just play Tungdil and fight through the orcs with the others. It doesn't has to be easy but I just don't like this type of gameplay"
76561198007241640,Not Recommended,403970,28154390,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,KeithA,Bought and returned due to the length of the game. 7 hours is not close to enough for this price. I would re-purchase after a  big discount or perhaps after a few story DLC's can round out the game some more.
76561198259446899,Not Recommended,403970,28183456,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,SonOfKyuss69,"I hope this is an encouragement to the developers as it honestly feels like the game has potential but inevitably decided to go with a thumbs down. Overall I can't recommend it, maybe just die-hard fans of the novel (though can't say it's for all of them either).PROS:- good story/nice voiceovers- not too bad looking- has a lot of potential; a second game can get a lot of things right- good general idea with the combat, but (see CONS) ...CONS:- combat is sooo unpolished and it really sux cuz it's such a large part of this game; very chaotic, you can have a character die in a few seconds if you don't issue the proper commands and it generally feels very unbalanced; maybe implement a live turn-based system so that actions queue up and generally refine combat; companion AI is dumb as a tree; forget about playing with 1 character and leaving the rest to AI, you simply have to issue commands to all of them, at all times- lots of bugs: graphic card overheating (almost no video options), experienced a crash, everything froze up at one point/only alt-f4 worked plus a bunch of minor glitches- generally the UI is very limited and not very intuitive- such ugly fontsLike I said, this game has a lot of potential and a follow-up to this game can actually be a hit (learn from your mistakes and build something awesome next time)."
76561198036840488,Recommended,403970,28137097,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Corbenic,"Man do I love this game, it does everything right! But at the same time it leaves me wanting so much more.The good:(And boy is there alot of good.)-Rewarding fluid combat that makes attacks feel impactful-Stunningly beautiful and just lovely to look at-Amazing choice for voice actors with even side or background characters being fully done-A very fun way to play an RPG in terms of traveling, very D&D like-The narration is perfect, it feels like someone is reading an epic sega to you-The story, oh boy the story! Twists, development, ups, downs and comedy it's got it all and well written!-A Real feeling of under-dog progression from the main character-Diverse wonderful characters from all races in the game-Very viable for multiple play throughs, do all the things! Learn from your mistakes!-Knocking enemies off cliffs does exactly that, say goodbye to invisible walls!-Fun character interactions as the story progresses, it feels natural and unforced.-Four hero party system feels very well balanced and slightly Tales like-It's actually hard on hard mode... imagine that!-Gold is a resource not a second thought, use it well it's limited!-Dwarves!The not so good/not so bad:-Food mechanic during travel is a really nice idea, but with how harsh it gets when your party grows it feels like you're being punished for exporing-Cutscenes while beautiful and amazing can be accidentally skipped with a mouse button press, no way to re-watch them without having a save just before or replaying the game.-Battles are fun, I went looking for everyfight I could, but you lose yourself onscreen quite easily and this can get you into a heap of strategic trouble.-Not enough orc hordes on the overworld map! To repeat my point I like the combat in this game, I crave it, but there simply isn't enough threat outside of the scenarios.The bad:-Slippery enemies, and I don't mean small or fast ones those are fine, I mean the type that slide across the floor while your heroes push them off a cliff... then follow them.-GET OUT OF MY WAY! You'll find the main character gets stuck on... everything, during combat it's your team and during movement it's corners of terrain and npc's.-The inventory screen is very lacking and you can very easily lose track of equipment at items during what is basically the set up phase.-The story is so good why can't I have more? Seriously I completed the game in about six-ish hours doing every side quest I could find.-A few of the heroes are just lack luster versions of other heroes with equal or less damage and more often than not less health.-The very few dwarven cities you do get to walk around in never actually feel like cities, just very decorated hallways with clear ""don't go here"" guards.-Not enough side or optional quests. I know we're rushing to save the world and all but lets be real, rpg's are all about those side quests.-Level cap at ten for every character with limits to three spells or abilities, this is just nitpicky for me really but playing through it I felt like combat would flow even nicer if I could string together a lovely combo.All in all I really do love this game and if anyone were to ask meif they should get it I'd answer yes. The downsides to this game are easily forgotten as you get engrossed in the world and story and the positives really make themselves known without ever feeling obnoxious."
,Not Recommended,403970,28231705,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,RahardtXIII,"The Game is very accurate with the progression of the story included tiny ""side quests"" within the chapters Tungdil and Co. encounter. However, despite formidable fighters in the book, prepare to retry again and again when fighting even the simplest of foes. Unlike most Hack n' Slash fantasy games where hordes of screaming orcs would be if anything what you hope to find around every corner, the combat system in this game will have you repeatedly pressing space, and due to your characters weak fighting, an archer can withstand two or three blows of a warhammer. If you liked Markus Heitz' ""the dwarves"" but also like repeating the same mission again and again because the initial swarm is too much for your group (or you stand too close to your team and receive ""friendly fire"") to the point of frustration. You will never find a game more fitting.This REALLY frustrates me as this series not only (in my opinion) ♥♥♥♥♥ on the Lord of the Rings, but I have been waiting and eagerly anticipating this game since I stumbled across the kickstarter. Just have Boindil actually do some proper damage and you might have made a game that was flawless. I'll enjoy trying to fight my way to the end of this ravine for the 12th time now."
76561197981530173,Recommended,403970,28144475,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,BonesAndFaces,This is a very good game if a little bit short. The combat is cool if a little repetetive and lacks depth somewhat. The narration and the story are exceptional! That was a fun and engaging adventure.
76561198032753865,Recommended,403970,30501597,Posted: 13 March,all,Duisternis,"Good story, looks great, combat is passable but could admitedly have been done a bit better. Still fun though. There aren't enough games that directly follow the story of Orcs or Dwarves and this game adds to that small pile. After finishing the campaign I just want more.  Bonus points for having a female narrator, you don't see enough of them in any media."
76561197993009533,Recommended,403970,28193845,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Yarden,Very enjoyable game so far.Reminds a bit of DA:O.The storry telling is REALLY good - probably the best thing about this game.
76561198040758095,Recommended,403970,28190762,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,tjjared,i personally had quite a bit of fun with this game.its of a relativly good length its got a nice story i liked the people within the game and i quite liked the credits.granted however the camra controls were kinda restricitng and the combat could get a bit easy at the end but over all quite good!
76561198058977497,Recommended,403970,28200082,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Iorvet-Senpai,"Great story, Great graphics, really likeable charactres, sadly its really shot :< so if you dont mind a short but sweet game, ill say go ahead and buy it."
,Recommended,403970,28203228,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,p00m,"Very fun game. Very nice story, fun gameplay (although some slight bugs in the movement AI), extremely good music, nice visuals, etc.The camera angles are slightly annoying though and will hinder you from enjoying the scenery to the fullest.It took me +- 16 hours to complete and I tried to get every possible quest done on medium difficulty. The difficulty level is not very high though. Even on medium difficulty you can play through the game without restarting a single fight. So if you like a challenge, go with a higher difficulty level right from the start."
,Recommended,403970,28178330,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Tyler,"So far I have to recommend this game for simple strategy fans and fans of a good story. Only real con I would say throughout the game is I wish there were just a few more abilities to choose from.Update; I finished the game and have to say it was a wonderful story and world to learn about, there are some flaws here and there with the combat that came up as just infuriating at some points (companions running off toward a horde and dying, and not listening to move commands if another party member is in front of them also trying to move). The ending felt like you could skip through some parts and the very last battle can be very short which all in all was a bit upsetting but still a fine experience overall. Still would recommend. The song for the credits was awesome."
76561198047269124,Recommended,403970,28175880,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Cuppiocaek,"So far its a very enjoyable experience.The story is great, combat is fun and the characters are awesome.The only real cons to the game are a few bugs and the lack of variety in the options menu."
76561198079520832,Recommended,403970,28193738,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,KonaRaque,"This game has a wonderful story. On the other hand, it has a lot of story with no action. It's great if, like me, you like a deep story and don't mind everything sitting still for a few minutes.It wastes no time putting you in a fight. The combat is great. It plays similarly to Marvel Heroes mixed with Dragon Age: Origins.I haven't finished the game at this point, but it starts out strong.TL:DRDeep StoryDeep LoreTactical Combat System."
76561198009129615,Recommended,403970,34872813,Posted: 10 September,all,Ghilteras,"It's a very short and buggy game, yet it has great voice acting and the story is rich and awesome. Plus the OST is performed by Blind Guardian which scores extra points!"
,Recommended,403970,28491967,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,BigMac,"It's a game. But it's a book. But... it's a game... I have no idea what in the end it is, but i like it."
,Recommended,403970,28240087,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,[G.W.] Good Guy Greg,"The only issue I have with this game is that it felt really short to me. I usually spend days and months playing RPGs, but here I was done in less than a week. I just don't understand, why is it so shor... ooooh, I get it, it's because it's called ""The Dwarves"", riiiight, ha-ha, I see what you did there..."
,Recommended,403970,34722753,Posted: 3 September,all,Jtalk,"It is buggy, it is irritating, it is slow, and yet it is one of the best games of the year. A unique fighting system, a solid plot, and charismatic characters make this little tale attractive despite all above."
,Recommended,403970,30512410,Posted: 14 March,all,Bushdoctah,"WOW!  What an incredible and engaging story!  Good graphics, super fun strategic combat, and somewhat reminiscent of classics such as Balders Gate.  Character depth and developement is deep.  Each character is their own loveable fantasy character.  The journy is epic, and game play super addicting.  Very hard game to put down.  I really cannot get enough, and I am looking forward to more from this developer, and added content."
,Recommended,403970,35145303,Posted: 22 September,all,Mnic,A must play for DND & Lord of the Rings
76561198008891172,Recommended,403970,33620920,Posted: 17 July,all,scattinas,Great game plenty of fun and the books are amazing if anyone has not read them Go For It.
,Recommended,403970,33935621,Posted: 31 July,all,Midknight Battler,"This has a Dungeon and Dragons from the 1980s feel. The music, the mannerisms, the style. IT has a bit of nostalgia embeded in this game, very old school, back to simpler times."
,Recommended,403970,34723073,Posted: 3 September,all,Tuanta,"Really great game. It's been awhile since I've played something so well done. Story, voice acting, plot... All great and worthy of our time.If you enjoy gaming and a good story, get this one.Edit: End titles are brilliant!"
76561198005649753,Recommended,403970,28177476,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Gilie Demon,"A great RPG, take me back when they was good RPG."
76561198003325820,Not Recommended,403970,28277813,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,bloodking0,"Not recommending this game as there are several game breaking bugs, its been out for a week so far and not a single patch has been released."
76561197970483712,Recommended,403970,28183054,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,vane303,i didnt know the novels so far but they seem to be a proper treasure box for the lore of the game - playing dwarves in a real time tactics game feels quite cool.the combat system at first seems easy going but the battles are actually challenging and fun.ingame graphics are mostly quite nice but some scenes seem a bit unpolished.sound&music is pushing the epic feel of the story.i guess i will spend some more time with the game :)
76561198030384427,Recommended,403970,28133437,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Totally Not Alpharius,"The game is mastercrafted and dwarf approved, I know of the book but havent read it and this has sparked my need to read. I'm sometimes critical of high fantasy and was a little eh at first but it has a charm to it. The story is semi-linear, you can travel around the map and have random encounter but the story itself is linear as it's based closely off the book, from what I'm told."
76561198035857136,Recommended,403970,29432747,Posted: 22 January,all,StormTemplar,"Fun, but short, like its subject matter. The book had slightly better gameplay. Get it on sale."
76561198092347699,Recommended,403970,30305528,Posted: 3 March,all,Switchblade,"Took a chance buying this game and it was the best thing ever!! enjoyed it so much, great story line and just so much fun and my love of dwarves is sronger then ever.If you like strategy and orcs getting killed all over the place this is definitely the game for you. Love it to much"
76561198207921543,Recommended,403970,28195815,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,ArchAngel,Loved it wish it could have been longer but if you guys are planning on making another game im ok with the price.
76561198007481737,Recommended,403970,28166337,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,tlmdtlmd1,"been a fantasy dwarf lover since 12 starting the RA Salvator and warhammer loved the idea of a whole game based around my favorite race.  Only recently started Dwwarves but so far the art is beautiful, the fighting while it can be slow with the constant need to pause and issue speacial attacks... white damage could be improved and at times targeting is a pain with enemies being unavailable but after a quick unpause and pause your good to go.  being able to customize the look of your characters would be nice touch"
76561198035492085,Recommended,403970,28154825,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Rappyo,"I bought this game purely because I have read the books through twice and love them. However for the price of what it is currently ($39.99) it is in my opinion it ISN'T worth it if you don't have a love for storylines or lore. The combat is very basic and has nothing new about it to other games but it works. I finished the story in 7 hours but in saying that I didn't explore every nook and cranny. It only covers the first book worth of story which means (and I hope) there will be future games.So if you are thinking of buying this game for its current price, make sure you are doing it for the storyline and lore not the gameplay."
,Recommended,403970,32875151,Posted: 27 June,all,Div,Great
76561197987852958,Not Recommended,403970,34759542,Posted: 5 September,all,ÆRGØ,"I loved the books and I love the charrachters. The story telling and art are solid and very good in my opinion.The fighting is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t imo. It's fun to play but it gets frustrating very fast. Your guys get pushed around all the time, you can't realy controle where they stand. They also move around while fighting. I sometimes have a hard time finding them in the battle. You losse health so ♥♥♥♥ing fast and you can't do much against it. The items don't do very much and if there is too many enemies you just get overrun.I really wanted to play this trough but I don't think I will, simply because I can't get past a massiv ork camp.There is also a mission to avoid fighting the camp I think, but that mission is bugged for me. I can't throw bombs in some holes and I get overrun after some time. Very frustrating and buggy game."
76561198274737986,Not Recommended,403970,30691479,Posted: 23 March,all,Sir Tinkerbell,"Pro: It follows the story in the first book ""the dwarves""con: Pretty much everything else. The combat system is horrible, the graphics are ok but nothing to write home about and the overall gaming experience made me quit. Waste of money, definitely wouldn't recommend."
76561198067445005,Not Recommended,403970,28262048,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,offended sandwich,Do not get this game is glitchy and will not work.
76561198108237710,Recommended,403970,28127697,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Ezzo,For the love of god do not press F1 I had a really angry german shouting at me for 10 mins
,Recommended,403970,30265472,Posted: 1 March,all,Chucky,This is a nice game with Lord of The Rings style! I love this kind of war and action games!
,Recommended,403970,28132904,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Tim Chaos the Bus Driver,"So far, I'm having a blast with the game. Keep in mind, the combat is more tactical than actiony. You wom't be able to get by simply through brute force--you have to utilize smart unit placement (and beware of friendly fire!) to succeed. I'm writing this while still early in the game, but the characters and writing are delightful. Apparently, it's based on a book and that shows.I love that even the narration is fully voiced. There's a lot of charm to be found in the cutscenes and environment as well. I look forward to seeing what else the game has to offer."
,Recommended,403970,28231967,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,WOOKIEE,"Okay this is my first impressions review since I haven't had time to play more. Damn job.For someone looking to perhaps get this game I say it's basically Dragon Age Origins with physics based combat. It feels a bit clunky and maybe there's a bit of input lag, but it hasn't stopped me from enjoying it so far.The animation on the cutscenes is actually pretty cool too! Almost looks like they CG'd a stop motion animation. It definitely has a certain charm to it.So if that sounds interesting to you and if dwarves are your thing (they are mine! I love playing Dwarves in D&D), then I'd definitely say check this game out!"
76561197995704780,Recommended,403970,29330637,Posted: 17 January,all,Clobberbob,Love this game. Looking forward to the next part :)
76561198023047699,Recommended,403970,30920016,Posted: 3 April,all,Frankenllama,I guess you could say the main villain's behavior was Nod'don.... hah? Hah? Nod'don? Not on? Like unacceptable?♥♥♥♥ you I'm funny.10/10 would make pun again.
,Recommended,403970,28129916,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Punishlife,Oink Oink
76561198069026971,Recommended,403970,28178470,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,To Be Hommus,for real plebs
76561198026362400,Recommended,403970,32231060,Posted: 6 June,all,Dolyngwen,"Great game with fantastic storyline.  It's also long enough for me as I""m sooooo tired of these RPG's that just keep going on and on with any real lack of depth or story."
76561197993288786,Recommended,403970,28172429,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Invest,"I love smashing enemies from the bridge haha but once I ran into my own death :-(No seriously, you see the love that went into this game on every corner. Almost every action has it's own animation, no matter if the guy searches for something in a bag or climbs somewhere... Just don't expect a CRPG like Pillars of Eternity and just play it more like an interactive book/story and you will be fine.Edit: After hours of gaming I must add a point: The lightning in this game is incredible! If you play the game look at the lights and reflections on the ground. Remarkable!"
,Recommended,403970,29321120,Posted: 17 January,all,alrik1119,Awesome medieval fantasy game this is!!!
76561197993723886,Not Recommended,403970,30503340,Posted: 14 March,all,tkejlboom,Lockups and corrupted saves...
76561198006952716,Recommended,403970,28133802,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,timoho,I like the combat. It´s revarding when you beat hordes of enemies.
76561198007295211,Recommended,403970,28138117,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Oil Tycoon,10/10 - The most soviet sounding music in agame 2016.
76561197987569269,Recommended,403970,34023249,Posted: 4 August,all,STD_Master,Super fun.
76561198061228694,Recommended,403970,33920124,Posted: 30 July,all,The Shady Sherlock,BUY.IT.
76561198349333600,Not Recommended,403970,33347004,Posted: 7 July,all,NoGods_NoMasters27,"Don't buy, crashes my computer everytime I try to play and after researching a lot of other people are facing the same problem with little to no help from developers on the problem. I really wanted to play this but seeing as in I pyshically can't because of all the bugs and glitches I can't reccommend anyone buying it."
76561198010377779,Not Recommended,403970,28147981,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,AlilSneezyPanda,"Has to be negative, for how much it cost to buy and I can't get past the pale Elf on the bridge because once they have a cut scene. I presume a cut scene should should be present. As there is dialouge but my King disappears and the game crashes stuck with some lil dwarf who opened the gate lol, and singing.Ashame, because it looks like it has a nice story. Really well made cinematics. The combat was kinda cool. It's still clunky which puts me off the idea of possibly picking this up again. I mean, I shouldn't have to look at my Dwarf for 2mins standing still while clicking on the chest that comes down in the start. And then pewf! suddenly dialogue and I get the bombs.Not to mention, when the game crashed nothing was saved. It might not have been very far, but I didn't cause it to crash either. So refund, thanks.I'll look and see if the game gets updates and if it seems to get continued support, I'll probably buy it again. But the price and how clunky it is with what I know has game breaking bugs, I'm not sure I want to.I recommend people wait a bit and see if they update the game ^^."
76561197973091916,Recommended,403970,28147563,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Dendrazzik,Nice game
76561198026892903,Not Recommended,403970,30494626,Posted: 13 March,all,Bijat,"Great storygreat atmospheregood voice acting/graficsbut...THE FK COMBAT SYSTEMcant understand who in ther right mind thinks this is a good idea?...its rly hard to properly tacticly use the combat system when evryone wobbles arround all the time and a enemy maby stay in the same place for a sec...and its pritty wierd u cant target a singel enemy and your ""heroes"" never goes finish off knocked down enemys...you have to run your hero around the target until he stops attack other targets...and then the enemy is prob up agen...it feels like a poorly made RTS with a pause button...woud be better to make the combat non interactive...simply have your success depend on how mutch you have prepaird or scrap and redo...woud rather play baulder's gate 1 combat system (the first levs) over and over then this....anything...can maby think of a game from the 80s that had worse combat system but...in the end it feels like the tryed something new and when they noticed it dident work they simply added pause instead of fixing or scraping it...otherwise it looks like a intresting game..."
76561198031833930,Not Recommended,403970,28133143,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Keiran Halcyon,I like the idea and the game seems really cool. Problem is i cant progress anymore because after 30 mins i got to the second map encounter (some men around a camp fire) and my game crashes. reinstall did nothing verify never does anything. no help to be found online or in steam that i could find. if they fix it Ill more than happily change the review but as it stands i cant recommend this game.
,Not Recommended,403970,30492704,Posted: 13 March,all,mstephens1,"I did not like the movement, combat nor UI."
,Not Recommended,403970,30480765,Posted: 12 March,all,Bmorekareful,I didn't think this was fun.  It's an RTS controlling a couple dwarves through missions...  Don't buy full price.
,Not Recommended,403970,32244947,Posted: 7 June,all,VanGore,"some of the worst fighting I ever saw in a modern game. It's pathetic. Such bad mechanics. hectic, brainless. Forget ALL charcters that can't tank...they simply don't work, it's ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. Insane frinedly fire...I can't descirbe how♥♥♥♥♥♥it isIt's absolutly random and luck based. No fun at all and destroys an otherwise ok game.Can't recommend it"
76561198009579830,Not Recommended,403970,28125197,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Stick,I played this game for 10 minuts before i refunded it. It kept changing the language to german and it was not posible to change camara controls so my camara was stuck in the position that it was put in. This game is not done and should not have been realeased before these bugs were fixed
76561198011735944,Recommended,403970,30521191,Posted: 15 March,all,Jasron,I really enjoyed this game. The mechanics felt fresh and new while still being familiar enough to master quickly. The story while lacking a bit of refinement was interesting with many choices to be made with no clear outcome at the end made it feel like they actually mattered.
76561198035054121,Recommended,403970,30540584,Posted: 16 March,all,Viking,"This game is without a doubt one of the best on my game list - and that list is large! I love the setting, the story and the characters; plenty of lore and indepth prospects you can discover along the way. Plenty of fun dialogue as well as outstanding simplistic combat that keeps you going!Pro's:Dwarves!Simple Combat!Graphics!Story!World Map!Orc Killing!Elf Killing!(The list goes on)Cons:Perhaps a tad short.Get this game and you wont regret it, plenty of fun - I highly suggest the books as well!"
76561197985873713,Recommended,403970,30744362,Posted: 25 March,all,Fatallagg,"Combat is a lot of fun. Traveling is somewhat confusing since most of the ""encounters"" are scripted and without random fights I don't see the point of all the travel options since most of them seem to just burn food. The game seemed kinda short and would be more fun without being forced down the story line."
,Recommended,403970,30838889,Posted: 30 March,all,Asur,"Well made RPG, simple and interesting one, with a good story keeps you always in action. Have no complains about battle system, it suits game perfect, feels even better than Dragon Age melee (of course magic of Dragon Age is incredible). It was created like a game about dwarves and if feels like that, killing orcs and listening story, what better you can do?"
,Recommended,403970,28128267,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,jrkempf,"Somehow, this game has managed to steal 4 hours of my time away in one day, and I have an exam tomorrow I haven't yet studied for!   This game mixes story, strategy, and action to make an excelletn RPG   Overall this game plays beautifully especially for the first day of release.   I havent read the book, but now I think I really need to."
76561198023575860,Recommended,403970,28227893,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,dream3r69,"Just finished the Game on easy and thought id pop a quick review on.Good points:Music (very dramatic)Characters (funny and really Unique)Special Moves have good diversityAmazing graphicsVery fun to playCons:Easy isnt really that easycamera angles on some missions are shockingly badNo character development accept for new skillsFriendly fire and random character moevement can be really horribledirections on where your going, in some of the longer missions would really help.All in all its a great game and worth the money. I can tell its been made by a company that really care about the content and the fans. I would also add that most of my cons are not major gripes, although i seriously think it would add a great deal to have armour/weapons or a more versatile character set up instead of skill changes, it felt a little...hollow to me.Ether way, great game. Buy it. Enjoy it."
76561197970629293,Recommended,403970,33446825,Posted: 10 July,all,Ser Eddard Stark,"Great atmosphere and story, perfect speaker in english and german.Fights are extreme hard and sometimes you can't see♥♥♥♥♥♥but overall pretty entertaining especially the mage hero.If you like the book and or fantasy and good stories, i would recommond this otherwise no, still an easy thumbs up from me!"
76561198031724158,Recommended,403970,32723530,Posted: 24 June,all,Bulldozer,This game is really fun for anyone who likes your RPG style games. And also has a very good narritive system. I would have like to have seen a co-op feature but it's still an awesome game nonetheless. Different heroes with different abilities and skill trees makes for a game you can sink a lot of hours into. And the campaign map leads for TONS of choices for adventure!
,Recommended,403970,32816117,Posted: 26 June,all,Yun1t0,"I loved this game & recommend it to anyone with love for old school rpg's. Now, the main reason why you'll enjoy this game (if you do), will be because of the story. Its based on the dwarves novels, and the story is really fun if you're into Tolkien type fantasy. The game is difficult, so id suggest to do your first playthrough on Easy (or very easy) until you understand how the combat works. But even though its difficult, the gameplay is pretty simple. Each character has up to 3 powers, each with different recharge times and action points cost (which is filled with kills and hits). But to survive you will very likely need to pause the action and assign each character with what you want them to do on combat. To those of you who prefer playing with a controller it can be done and works perfectly."
76561198034195875,Not Recommended,403970,32781692,Posted: 25 June,all,(big trip),Total disappointment.Initially good experience turned very sour as 10 hours into the game and suddenly it keeps crashing every few minutes! Tried checking local files - no result. No sulution online.Steam will not return money as more than 2 hours played! What a total waste of cash!
76561197999750586,Recommended,403970,29099759,Posted: 7 January,all,Grendel,"A fun and original take on the tactical RPG, with a story that's actually good, massive skirmishes with orcs and interesting physics based abilities.While not incredibily complex or long, I enjoyed it a lot and look forward to a next instalment"
,Recommended,403970,28956508,Posted: 2 January,all,Muskogee,"This game that represents the Dwarves is quite good. it is enjoyable. It is a mix of dragon age and battlerite, It takes me a bit to be interested in a game for it's campaign but this story and gameplay was intrigueing. I would recommend it, I hope there will be more content or even multiplayer."
76561198055631182,Recommended,403970,29147891,Posted: 9 January,all,Byota,"This game is great. its tough, or im just bad at it. If i heard about this game before i would have donated to the Kickstarter, becuase i love the books. It's has a great story, fun combat, and fun tactical gameplay."
76561197972090827,Recommended,403970,34850256,Posted: 9 September,all,Zamaszysty,"An AMAZING game if You are the kind of person that appreciated a GOOD story and interesting world. Based on series of novels it already had a very rich world to base on, so it should be a eal treat for any fantasy lovers. In many ways it reminded me of Banner Saga in terms of how you navigate the map, manage your ""party"" (or more, a pool of characters in your group that you can make your party of) and deal with your choices in some situations. And YES, some choices matter, even if they don't turn the whole game upside down, they do give you that sense of impact on your story, which is just GREAT!There are some awesome easter eggs (like the festival sidequest that you will have to finish yourself! :P) and the main story is just as good. The art style is more than enjoyable and the soundtrack is just great. Every part of the game, every leter is voice acted, so for all people who are a ""more TV than books person"", there should be no issues at all there. Characters are interesting and fun, even if I would wish to dig deeper into their personalities and backstory.Of course aside from all the good stuff there is also some negatives. First of all the camera is farfrom perfect. It's NOT LOCKED as many reviewers calim, it just sometimes makes you wait for it to stop ""sliding"" from one character to naother before it lets you rotate and zoom. It gets stuck on geometry sometimes, but in the end there is always a way to position it just right and it's more a matter of getting used to it. Another thing is the character movement. They ... well ... they don't just muve, they float. If you make your party move to press on a single target, they will slide all over the place and can fall into random holes, so it's much better to actually play the game as it's designed and issue individual orders to each party member constantly switching between them and using their abilities.In the end I'd say it's a solid 9 out of 10 for people who play RPG games for the story and a good 7 out of 10 for those, who just like to slash their way trhough an RPG (you savages!)."
