user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,404540,32630871,Posted: 21 June,all,Azralynn,"See written review belowor watch it here:https://youtu.be/yNZOPtGEnS0TL;DR: SKIP TO CONCLUSION!Nex Machina is an insanely fast-paced bullet hell game. There’s no story, and the game revolves entirely around its action-packed gameplay. There is little to no downtime while playing, and the gameplay is extremely addicting.You’ll be constantly running, and gunning down the enemies spawning all around you. Your main weapon stays the same throughout the game, but it can be upgraded to have longer range and spread-shot via pick-ups you find while playing. Other items you can discover are five different secondary weapons, two different modifications to your dash ability, as well as shields and extra lives. The secondary weapons are all unique and fun to use, but only one of them may be equipped at a time.You’ll need to avoid taking damage from enemies, lasers, and projectiles, all while trying to save the humans and discover secrets. Using dash gives you iframes making you invulnerable for a brief period. The iframes are an excellent lifesaver. The ability does have a short cooldown though, so using them properly will make a difference between life or death.Taking any damage causes you to lose a life, as well as drop one of your upgrades where you died. You can retrieve the upgrade as long as you don’t die again before picking it up. Lives are finite though, and if you run out of lives, you’ll be asked if you want to continue the game. Depending on which difficulty you play on, you will only be granted a certain number of continues before you lose the game and need to restart completely.Saving all the humans in each level nets you a nice score bonus, and encourages you to fight quickly, and prioritize the enemies that are posing a direct threat to them. Stringing together several levels where you saved all the humans is even more rewarding. I really like that there is an objective beyond just clearing each level, and that trying to accomplish it does prove to be more of a challenge.As far as the challenge goes, Nex Machina definitely has a lot to offer. There are four difficulty settings, as well as score attack challenges where you can compete on the leaderboards. The game consists of five worlds, each with several levels and then a boss level at the end. Boss fights are well choreographed, and you can learn fights and enemy spawn patterns on each level with a good amount of practice.Pros:fun, fast, fluid, and challenging gameplay with finite lives, and limited continues depending on the difficulty settingiframes are reliable and effectivegreat replay value with the main arcade, as well as score attack modes (there are lots of objectives i.e humans to save and secrets to find)a variety of enemy types, and the intense boss boss levelsmovement and controls feel responsive and precise when using a controller (full controller support, and you can tell thatthe game is designed for a controller, thus, playing with a controller is an absolute must if you hope to do well)the game looks amazing - the vibrant colours, the distinct environments, and the unique enemies are all great, and the awesome enemy death animations, and how they break up into bitsthe audio is impeccable: the soundtrack is absolutely fantastic throughout the entire game, the sound effects are excellent, and the voice that tells you when you have a power up is greatCons:some serious issues with the mouse cursor that may make the game unplayable on higher difficulties - the mouse cursor is always present on screen, and more often than not, where the cursor shows it is, is not where you’re actually shooting, which it makes aiming extremely difficult (an accurate mouse cursor needs to be patched in for those who want to use the mouse and keyboard)(nitpick) mouse cursor still shows up on screen even when playing with a controller, but it’s not too distractingI’ve played nearly 7 hours so far. I completed the game on rookie difficulty, and made it up to the final boss on normal difficulty before running out of continues.  There is a lot of replay value, and fans of the genre will likely get a lot of enjoyment out of it. There is also a local co-op mode, but I haven't gotten a chance to experience it yet.Conclusion:Overall, Nex Machina is an immensely fun and addicting game. My only complaint about the game is that it is practically unplayable with a mouse and keyboard due to the broken aiming and mouse cursor issues, so if you prefer playing with a mouse and keyboard, hold off on buying until it gets fixes. With that being said, the game is clearly designed for controllers, and if you love playing bullet hells with controllers, then Nex Machina is a sheer blast to play, and well-worth the purchase.If you like my reviews, please feel free to join my Steam group, and follow my curationshere.You can also view this review on my websitehere."
,Recommended,404540,32795029,Posted: 25 June,all,xerox,"This is the twin stick that we all secretly hope every twin stick is going to be.  Beautiful levels, smooth controls, interesting boss fights, and difficulty that spans from easy to ""well, I guess its time for me to torch this ♥♥♥♥ pc"".  Its a game I didn't even know I wanted till I started playing."
,Recommended,404540,32596654,Posted: 20 June,all,Mhmmm,"Damn, I bought this game just to support Housemarque's decision to release their games also on PC, but... woah. This game is ♥♥♥♥in' awesome. The gameplay, the music, the graphics! Totally worth the full price in my opinion!"
,Recommended,404540,32684101,Posted: 23 June,all,Ryan Dorkoski,"Edit:Nex Machinais now on the shortlist as a candidate for my 2017 Indie GOTY award. See my profile for the complete list.Just a brief note about this, because my original review (below) was positive, but hardly over-the-top glowing. Here is what makes this title so special, after dozens of hours with it:1) This game has more layers than an onion. Even though you are given all the tools upfront, I was learning significant nuances of the mechanics even at hour 50. I could go on and on, but yeah, it's crazy.2) If you like twin-stick schmups, this game will spoil you.Nex Machinahas the tightest and most responsive controls I've ever experienced. Ever. It's hard to go to another game at this point - that's how good everything is.3) There is a metric ton of content. The biggest disservice I see to this game in other reviews is those complaining that it is too short. I'm not sure where the miscommunication happened, but respectfully, those players just aren't informed on how you need to approach this title. If you have questions, friend me and we can chat.---In a sea of mediocre twin-stick schmupsNex Machinabrings some meaty content coupled with tight gameplay and plenty of things to do.While little innovation is brought to the genre,and the full asking price may be a tad high,Nex Machinais surely a great go-to schmup to sink your teeth into for tons of quality hours.Essentially, all the things you'd expect from a great bullet hell schmup are here.For fans of the genre, you'll feel right at home as soon as you drop in. There are well-thought out difficulty levels, and a few good modes to choose from. They trimmed the fat to have content that matters. Even though the levels are not procedurally generated, they play really well. Fortunately, I got over that part pretty quickly.The only thing I do want to mention is the voxel-built worlds. I know people love this aspect, and while I've enjoyed plenty of voxel-based games before - I'm not sure it worksforthis game in particular. Yes, it looks nice. Maybe notbeautiful, but definitelynice. So that's fine, but with this tech comes a fairly high system requirement to run it. I had zero problem running this and everything was great,but I'm not sure in this case that the high computer requirements were worth the final outcome.I think this 'look' could have been pulled off by much more reasonable/simpler means.Pros:+Super tight gameplay that has a good bit of content; not something you find with many in this genre+Non-procedural levels (which made me nervous), but they work well and feel fun+I like the 'quests' or objectives; this adds hours of quality gameplayMeh:=I'm not sure the voxel-based build was worth leaving people out that have toasters; this look could have likely been emulated in another way=The music is definitely good, but nothing to write home about=I like how the enemy (and yourself) has a thick outline, but it tends to make every enemy kind of 'bulbous' or spherical-ish and at first is strangeCons:-It is a bit expensive for something that really doesn't innovate; I paid $14USD and that was worth it but full price doesn't feel great (again it's a solid game, regardless)Fantastic addition to the genre.If you are a fan of like games, definitelyconsiderget this one."
,Recommended,404540,32974185,Posted: 28 June,all,Luisfius,I have not blinked once in an hour.
,Recommended,404540,32600073,Posted: 20 June,all,hastEEE,VIOLENCE.SPEED.MOMENTUM.
,Recommended,404540,32830217,Posted: 26 June,all,darkuni,"Good lord, do we have a Game of the Year 2017 candidate here or WHAT?A million twin stick shooters have come and gone over the years since Robotron.  Many have compared themselves and failed.Eugene Jarvis is the creative consultant on this title - so if anything has some ""spirit of Robotron"" in it - this is the game.The game is Robotron + Gauntlet with a bunch of secrets rolled in.  As will all good twich arcade games, greed plays a central part in the game.  If you just want to mindlessly blast your way through the worlds - you can.  But you will not be rewarded for it.Scoring high in this game is all about the multiplier - and the multiplier is all about saving humans (which can be harder than it sounds).  You have to chain your pickups of humans to get the highest multiplier.You'll bring some great weaponry along the way; Rocket Launchers, Laser beams, smart bombs - even a melee sword.  Powershot is my fav :)Along with the regular crew of bad guys,  you'll have special things to find and destroy too.CROSS PLATFORM leaderboards and local co-op play seal the deal.  Throw in a much of mini-achivements (feats) and you'll be so damn hooked on this game.If you love twin stick twich arcade games?  Don't even think about it - BUY NOW."
,Recommended,404540,32593473,Posted: 20 June,all,BloodBear,"A fantastically hectic experience, quite literally Particle Physics: The Game. Regardless it provides endless fun both mechanically and visually. The best way I can summarise this game is Dead Ops Arcade meets Resogun with a rocking soundtrack."
,Recommended,404540,33096399,Posted: 1 July,all,Fishsticks,"If your a twinstick fan or score chaser of any sort you will absolutely love Nex Machina.  After purchasing this last night I managed to work my way up to 56th place on the novice forest stage.  Only took me a few hours of dedication and a million retries but this is the sort of challenge I absolutley love.Scoring in Nex Machina is based on killing enemies/bonus enemies, the finding of secret levels/structures, and the collecting of multipliers/humans.  Timing the collection of humans is paramount in keeping your bonus multiplier going and its quite daunting to do so in a timely manner.Almost a perfect twinstick, Nex Machinia is a joy once your hands and mind become accustomed to the flow.  With no time to think you will react soley on muscle memory leaving you in an almost zen-like state. It's simply entrancing.  Being a child of the 80's going to the local mall arcade and score chasing games like Robotron used to be the highlight of the week. Thus, I can see Nex Machina not being suitable for a newer generation of gamer.  It's a shame some gamers except more from this type of game such as a story or longer levels but that is just a sign of the times.  What younger folks don't quite understand is that Nex Machinia is offering a updated version of the arcade twinstick score chasers from a time forgotten.  It's pure and simple, nothing more, nothing less.  Zen awaits.."
,Not Recommended,404540,34269889,Posted: 15 August,all,Ryche,"I bought this game right after it came out mostly because of the glowing reviews that it received on many of the game review websites plus it was inexpensive. It still has a Very Positive overall ranking here on Steam but buyer beware, you may not be able to play this game.My system meets all the recommended requirements and then some however the game is basically unplayable for me and for many others. If you check the Community Discussion you will see the main stickied thread plus many others from users like myself who cannot play this game at all or beyond the first level, let alone compete in the arena season. The game will crash immediately on loading a level or after completing the first level every time.The problem seems to be related to those who still use Windows 7 not any specific hardware. I personally did not refund because immediately after the game was released the developer, Housemarque, was aware of the problem and attempted to fix it with a few hotfixes and one main patch. Unfortunately these quick fixes did not resolve the issue and those of us who waited for them to fix it without refunding were left waiting.We're still waiting..Three weeks since release and after a few attempts to fix the problem failed, the developer has apparently stopped supporting the game. Less than a month after release there have been no responses or developer support for the game since July 17, 2017 other than to say they are on holiday and still monitoring the problem. They have not provided any information on their discussion or news page and have apparently stopped trying or are unable to fix their game for Windows 7 users even though it is still listed as a supported OS.The game (what I have gotten to play of it) is a fast paced, fun twin stick acrade shooter. Perhaps one of the best in a long while but that is also what makes it so frustrating for those who cannot play. I gave them the benefit of the doubt because in the beginning they were making attempts to resolve the problem but that support seemed to end about the same time as the refund period did. If you can play the game on your system then I would recommend it however with the way the situation has played out and the developer ceasing to communicate through Steam in over a month, I can only recommend you buy to try.. and be prepared to refund quickly if you're one of the ones for whom it does not work.This is definitely a case of Caveat Emptor and a reminder to research the Community Discussion of a game before you purchase.Update: A new patch was released 8/25/2017 that added a new language and a new leaderboard season but no fixes."
,Recommended,404540,32642525,Posted: 22 June,all,labtob,"Robotron 2017, basically.Fast-paced does not describe this well.  I play this in the morning now instead of drinking coffee."
76561197970719391,Recommended,404540,32600148,Posted: 20 June,all,(UK) The Mawster,"Awesome.Great graphics, music and gameplay.Hard to put down.Highly recommended."
,Recommended,404540,33342110,Posted: 7 July,all,SHREVE,"Awesome game.  Fantastic graphics.  Looks and plays amazing on my 21:9 ultra widescreen with over 100 fps.Controls well with a keyboard and mouse or an xbox controller.If you like Android Cactus or Geometry wars, you cant go wrong hereGreat developer and community support."
,Recommended,404540,33847655,Posted: 27 July,all,Mister Ikkus,It's isometric Resogun and I want it in my veins.
,Recommended,404540,33918356,Posted: 30 July,all,Vîtellus,"Growing up, I loved a game called SmashTV, which for me, personified the twin-stick shooter. A room, an avatar with a gun, and more enemies than you can shake a quarter at.As it turns out, the guy who made SmashTV helmed this game.Nex Machina brings back the twin-stick shooter and gives it a high gloss sheen, a visually entertaining and colorful affair with very pleasing shifting voxel effects.There's no story, there's no cut-scenes, you're thrown right into it from the start riding your lightcycle off a small cliff and you start shooting relentlessly until everything is dead. Then you go to the next arena and do it all over again with a slow increase in difficulty.There is a lot to dodge, a lot to be wary of; you get one hit per life unless you have a shield and then you get two. There is a cornucopia of powerups to help you along the way and when you're maxed out, you feel like a walking god of death dealing a face full of bullets to any sorry mob that gets in your way.The arcade mode is selecting your difficulty and going forth to destroy all the robots, each increasing difficulty having faster mobs and less continues with easy giving you endless continues at the cost of your ever increasing score.Arena mode is 1 continue, 5 lives, get as far as you can and get the highest score against a leader board for each difficulty while earning currency you can spend to unlock new levels and cosmetic items.It's a fantastic game that will get you in a groove and can be played for ten minutes or five hours.The learning curve is gentle.A game that's easy to learn and tough to master."
,Recommended,404540,32603134,Posted: 20 June,all,Phil Fungus,"I found this game through my discovery queue, a queue which I don't explore very often. I had been thinking about playing a good top-down shooter for just a few days when this game entered my radar as it was released. I had never heard of this game,ResogunorHousemarquebefore so it really struck me seeing such a game suddenly released. While not exactly what I had been imagening when thinking of a top-down shooter, this was precisely what I needed.After clearing world two I knew I had to write a positive review for this game immedeately. This game has stunning visuals, fantastic music and incredibly tight controls, both for mouse+keyboard and controller. The mouse movement took some getting used to since there is no cursor/crosshair but it was really good nonetheless. It was a long time ago a game really hooked me at the first play like this game did.I have really enjoyed games likeHotline MiamiandBleedin the past and really like synth-oriented music, even though metal has always been my go-to music genre.If you enjoy top-down shooters, bullet hell games, synth music,I definitely recommend this game, buy it."
76561197970320868,Recommended,404540,32608419,Posted: 20 June,all,sizer99,"All I ever wanted was for this to be Resogun plus Robotron.Luckily it delivers.  And more!  It's prettier than Resogun and adds a lot more creative twists while preserving the readability - which is critical when your entire screen is filled with enemies and bullets.  Grab the green, avoid the red and magenta.This isn't a sparse / thinky twin stick shooter like Nuclear Throne or Binding of Isaac (as much as I like those), this is a bullet hell and fast reflexes with dozens of enemies on screen at once and the only thing keeping you from the death being the dash move.  Closest thing would probably be Geometry Wars 3 in terms of action and creativity.  Swallow your pride and play at least a few levels on Rookie before youj jump into Normal mode.  Normal mode gives you 'only' 99 continues, which tells you what kind of game this is.If you weren't lucky enough to play Resogun on the PS4, it was the best game on the system for two years (unless you're counting Knack, trololo).  On the other side, there was this guy named Eugene Jarvis who's working with Housemarque on this.  If you hadn't heard of Robotron, he did some little games like Defender, NARC, Smash TV, Total Carnage, and Cruis'n USA that you probably never heard of either."
,Recommended,404540,33134981,Posted: 2 July,all,Frolgath,"In terms of originality, this gets a zero.  It's a Robotron clone with pretty graphics.  There have been many of these, and my personal favourite is the original Mutant Storm which is sadly no longer available to buy.  However, the graphics are really really pretty, and the game play is really really good.  So for being the best implementation of the Robotron idea to date it gets a big thumbs up!Suggestions where it could be improved:Graphics are so pretty they do sometimes make it hard to see what's going on.  Maybe have a less pretty looking mode.4 player co-opOnline co-opAbility to save/pause arcade mode so you don't have to play through entire game in single session."
76561198012602993,Recommended,404540,34090205,Posted: 7 August,all,dirkthedaring71,Do you remember when games were exciting? When you stood in a dark room with only the glow of the machines? Crowds of people gathered and watched as you entered that weird state when it was like the game had slowed down and you were in the zone? When you left the arcade you were dripping with sweat and your senses were tingling with adrenaline ? Well this a return to these times and it's fantastic!
,Recommended,404540,32863044,Posted: 27 June,all,Spookalicious,"Dennaton Games, the one guy at Ubisoft that had the idea for Far Cry 3: Blood Dragon, and that one guy at Treyarch who made Dead Ops Arcade got together and smoked the loudest, fattest cloud known to all mankind.I know this joke is dated as hell, but this is genuinely what it feels like.- Astronomical attention to detail.- Ridiculously satisfying enemy deaths- Tons of stuff happening on the screen, but not really enough to murder your eyes.- Secrets are rewarding and can extend content. They don't feel like monotonous wastes of time to grab achivements - rather they are needed if you want to get the best performance.- A fresh, hard, and ridiculously catchy 80's-like Soundtrack.I feel like paying $15 bucks for it was a crime."
,Recommended,404540,33414441,Posted: 9 July,all,Gelatinous Bard,"Recommended for: Players who live for the thrill of perfectly mastering levels through unrelenting, fast-paced, gradually increasing difficulty. This is perfectly crafted shmup bliss with the all the hallmarks one would expect from a bullet-hell shooter, but streamlined and turned up to 11.Not recommended for: Players looking for depth in the form of extra content. This game is a finely-tuned, laser-focused experience. There's not a lot of bells and whistles, though, with only -just- enough variation to keep the repitition engaging. That means if you are not the type of player who is motivated by self-improvement and ranked leaderboards, then you'll probably find yourself frustrated at the lack of extra modes and levels.As someone who loves shmups of all flavors, I can honestly say this is among the best.At first, I was disappointed to learn that it was a screen-by-screen affair a bit like Binding of Isaac. However, once I started playing the different modes I quickly became accustomed to the way the action flows seemlessly from stage to stage. It had won me over almost immediately. The game does a great job of slowly escalating the action, breaking down each level by stages, and each stage by waves that become more and more difficult as you progress. I can't stress enough how well this all blends together. The action is so intense and demanding that you'll be relieved at the end of each stage, and thankful to have that 2 second reprieve.As if the developers understood that there needs to be at least a small carrot on a stick for the non-competitive players, they threw in some cosmetic features that you can unlock with the medals you earn in each game. Those features are skins for your helmet, skins for your body, recolors for those skins, recolors for your bullets, and avatars. Sadly, considering how much mayhem will be going on on-screen at any given moment, these cosmetic changes are hardly noticeable at all.The power-ups are a bit limited, but varied enough to keep each playthrough feeling fresh. Clearly, Housemarque understands that having too many different power-ups makes balancing a nightmare and can dramatically affect player experience if it's not handled well. Each level has been designed flawlessly, each enemy providing a unique type of threat that is cleverly either trigger-spawned or time-spawned, depending on it's role in that stage. And each stage contains secrets that must be discovered to fully maximize your score.And the design gets deeper. Because you can spend all that time exploring all the nooks and crannies of each level and have complete knowledge of every secret, you might be inclined to believe you just need to discover them all to get a max score. But you'd be wrong. You're still racing against the clock, and at some point, all that extra stuff you found isn't going to make up for the lost time you spent getting it.I know this because currently, all the players immediately ahead of me and below me in the rankings have -many- more unlocked secrets in their best runs, with the same number of deaths as me. I could be mistaken, though, I am convinced that over time the best run will not be the one with all the secrets.Anywho, this review went on a lot longer than I had planned, so I'm gonna wrap it up here. I hope I've shed enough light to keep the right players in and the wrong ones out."
,Recommended,404540,32597713,Posted: 20 June,all,wwwizzarrdry,"It's Housemarque - It's really good.If you liked Resogun, this is the perfect sequel.*Just hope they make enough money from PC sales so they become a permanent fixture on Steam.*Not sure why the controller wasn't recognized on start.*Not sure why they can't hide the mouse icon when using a controller either.*The menus are really touchy using analog sticks because they made Left/Right the action button for menu items, so the slightest twitch on the sticks will toggle the language, and other options."
,Recommended,404540,33473436,Posted: 12 July,all,Anax of Rhodes,"THE standard for all twin-stick shooters.  Silky smooth 60 frames per second, blistering difficulty, colorful visuals, heart-pumping soundtrack, and solid gameplay.  On top of this, Nex Machina offers local co-op, Seasonal (!!?) leaderboards, player level, and custom avatars and profiles.I don't know what more you could want.  Workshop capability?  Yeah, that'd be really cool.  But I'm not complaining.  That'd be the perfect addition for a sequel. :-)"
76561197973721224,Recommended,404540,32594190,Posted: 20 June,all,OrbWeaver73,"An excellent twin stick bullet hell, while it isn't the longest game in the world....a full run would last around an hour, the replayability factor is huge.Start from level 1 and try to complete it with no continues to get the highest scores you can, that is where the longevity lies in this game.The mechanics are spot on with excellent hit detection (you never feel you were killed by something you dodged) combined with online cross platform leaderboards, extra lives, a ton of secrets, bonus points, multipliers and you have the perfect arcade recipe for me.The graphics are great apart from there seems to be some form of AA that makes everything a bit blurry but hopefully they will fix this or at least give an option to switch it off.The sound is spot on and the music is outstanding and fits the game perfectly.The only real negatives I can think of are the AA as i mentioned, a few more graphical options would have been nice too. Getting a controller to work is not explained at all well (go in to control settings and hit TAB should sort you out) and I would love to see an online co-op mode added later if possible.If you like bullet hell twin sticks then I would recommend giving this one a go."
,Recommended,404540,33199415,Posted: 3 July,all,Hi_Voltg3,"Game is fast and explosive. I am taking the time to write this review because I think the game itself is fantastic and that the developers went the extra step to have 21:9 users take advantage of this beautiful game. Kudos all around.The game itself is challenging yet fair. It really tests your skills in beating all the enemies in a level, rescuing humans and trying to access secrets as well. It’s all very fun and reminiscent of the Smash TV days but that goes without saying."
,Recommended,404540,32973336,Posted: 28 June,all,ndy_7thheaven,"Simple game, fast paced, good graphic & effect.Interesting enough but got rather repetitive, but it's okay.If you need a break from some ""serious"" game, then buy this.And, you need a good controller for the best experience.7/10"
,Recommended,404540,34317990,Posted: 17 August,all,Jamfrost Jamiro,"Nex Machina has earned its place as my favorite bullet hell shmup. It’s an extremely well-crafted game eager to blow your pants off with intense, frantic action. However, I must state that the game can seem overwhelming with the differences between difficulties. In fact, I think anything beyond “Experienced” will be impossible for me, but you can and do improve over time.This game has a committed arcade design philosophy. You have numerous difficulties, different modes including co-op (with shared lives), and leaderboards for everything. The game’s Arena mode offers credits based on in-game performance used to customize your character and will occasionally throw challengers at you whose score you have to beat in order to continue growing your profile level. I definitely recommend playing some Arena so that you can purchase the bullet color that stands out the most to you if the default isn’t working out. I went with yellow which helped me process the visual information on the screen.Single World allows you master an area, but Arcade mode is the one that puts you through the entire gauntlet. Each world only takes around 7 minutes for me to complete and there are up to 6 worlds if you play on Experienced. Rookie has 5. What keeps me coming back for me is the desire to achieve mastery due to how the game encourages an incredibly dangerous dance to keep your combo up and the fierce action constantly keeping me on the edge of my seat. You’re a very fragile being. One hit will kill you unless you’re able to collect a shield and you’re doing your best to evade hundreds of enemies and projectiles in every world.Every world is broken into small levels. Some of those levels contain secrets which involve hidden humans to save, hidden multipliers to help build up your score, extra lives to keep you in the fight instead of using a continue, hidden targets, and secret entrances that take you to another level filled with humans to save and enemies to kill. In addition to the secrets and trying to stay alive against the relentless onslaught, you’re also trying to build up not one, but two combo meters. You have the regular score multiplier that you build up by killing regular enemies, special enemies, or finding them in the level. It doesn’t decay or go down unless you die and use up a life. You also can consider building up the human combo which works by saving a human, waiting for the combo meter to decay, and then saving another human which is very difficult to consistently do since you’re juggling so much information at once. You have to risk it to get the biscuit though and human combos are necessary to racking up huge points to make your friends look bad.You don’t have to worry about it too much if you’re just trying to beat a higher difficulty and leaving the high score attempts for later. In fact, there are Feats (sorta like in-game achievements) for avoiding all the humans in a world. Don’t feel too overwhelmed and stick with Rookie for a while. Learn the placement of the secrets and enemy patterns before attempting the harder settings, I say.Oh right, power-ups. They contribute to your overall effectiveness in different ways and dying means dropping one on the ground which you’ll probably want to collect. You’ll frequently encounter Triple Dash, Dash Explosion, Shield, Weapon Range, and Weapon Spread. Having all five at once grants you the 5-projectile spread shot instead of the 3-shot version with 4 out of 5 power-ups. There are also special weapon pick-ups with the Rocket Launcher being my favorite. Your controls involve moving with left stick, shooting with right stick, dashing with LB or L-Trigger, and using your special weapon with RB or R-Trigger. I highly recommend using a controller.Whew, when you’re not in the zone and super focused on avoiding the cold embrace of death, you might notice the great soundtrack. Every song seems well done and fun to listen to while blasting baddies away. The neon colors also help immerse you in the retro-arcade design of the entire game. It looks good, sounds good (except for weapons which are understated a bit, but is still okay), and plays well.Again, this game can be extremely difficult on the higher difficulties because faster enemies means faster reflexes are required and sometimes my brain can’t keep up. You can also find yourself in a situation where your run might be over because you’re caught in a death loop against a boss (remember, you lose power-ups on death and continues). It can be weirdly satisfying to take down a boss with just your basic gun and a special weapon, but that did take me around 17 continues which each one having three lives. The 6th boss didn’t even have a weapon to pick up though in its room and I just had to back out at that point. Make Rookie your best friend if you’re new to the genre or aren’t hardcore before making bold difficulty choices.Still, I love this game very much. It’s my favorite of the genre and I recommend it with two thumbs up. It’s one of the few games that I’ll leave installed indefinitely because I know I’ll be shooting down thousands of more baddies in the future."
,Recommended,404540,32740097,Posted: 24 June,all,William Shakesman,"66% of the owners of this game cleared world 1.20% cleared world 5.The game is a 45 minute long arcade throwback. There is literally maybe half an hour of play between that first cheevo and the world 5 one.Worse, less than 2% have beat it on normal.This is embarrassing.It's an okay game. Frantic action. Lots of robot blasting. I think Assault Android Cactus still reigns supreme on this genre but Nex Machina is still fun. Nex Machina has a lot of action but everything explodes into ridiculous tiny blocks and particle effects which covers up a lot of the bullets or enemies you need to see. Some late game patterns are just COMPLETELY unreadable as a result of this neon purple spam all over the screen. In addition, continuing is a joke; it leaves you Gradius/R-Type style without upgrades, which leaves you high and dry late game. The result is something fun, but not going to hook you in the long run. Which is a shame because they certainly did a lot to make this game look nice... only to cover it in ugly purple neon flashing effects and particle dust to block your view.I'm mostly just dumbfounded by those stats."
,Recommended,404540,34492052,Posted: 25 August,all,Jigz,Being a fan of Robotron and Smash TV this is everything I had hoped it would be and more.  This plays absolutely fantastic with a Steam controller as well!
76561197977535275,Recommended,404540,33423551,Posted: 9 July,all,Kaylexandria,HUGE recommendation if you like twin-sticks and score attack. Lots of eye candy here to zone out to.
,Recommended,404540,32902024,Posted: 27 June,all,dayeba,"very challenging but not daunting for beginners, fantastic graphics and smooth fps"
,Recommended,404540,32677232,Posted: 23 June,all,BloodPaw,"I was skeptical at first, I but it turns out this game is so much funGreat soundtrack, challenging boss,  I love the voxel explosions, performance is also good.You must play it with controller to get the most of it.I'm not a fan of shmup genre, but Nex Machina is fantastic."
76561197961867555,Recommended,404540,33014065,Posted: 29 June,all,Poetfire,"I generally dont go for these types of games as im into the newer flashier controlls and gameplay dynamics.WOW was i suprised with this.Its new, its flashy, the graphics are emersive and fun and sharp. Unless you have twin sticks the controlls are a little harder to get used to with a keyboard and mouse but it still works.Three levels so far with what appear to be more on the way. Finished all three in a few hours of practice on easy mode. The next difficulty up kicked my♥♥♥♥♥without a blink and i apparently need to keep trying.Game has that, one more time, just one more time, just one more time feel. Love it, going to be playing this game for a long time in my moments of wanting mindless arcade shooter fun!I almost never write reviews. I believed this game deserved a big thumbs up."
76561198019728084,Recommended,404540,34204165,Posted: 12 August,all,[=1=] Foxco,This game is great.There is the arcade mode where you just finish the game on diffrent difficulties. There is also the online mode where you try to beat diffrent levels diffrent ways and you are ranked against other people.Its all about getting that perfect run from having a fast time to getting the perfect human chain and picking up all the score multiplyers.Its definatly worth buying.
,Recommended,404540,32595317,Posted: 20 June,all,krayzkrok,"Nex Machina is all about your score, it's exactly what I would have expected from a classic Arcade Game in 2017, and it is brilliant. It's a top-down twin-stick shooter based on progressing through a series of arenas, across a number of worlds. Each world ends with a boss. There are three difficulty levels to start with, two more to unlock, and you can play worlds individually and also as a challenge to earn credits to customise your character if you wish. Each of these has its own set of high score tables. Like I said, it's all about the score.There are no real instructions here, other than a control layout, so you're expected to learn as you go. How hard can it be, you might ask? Shoot the crap out of everything, right? Well yes, but there's a lot more depth than it might appear, such as understanding mastery of the dash move, and then discovering little bonuses you can get, such as rescuing the humans (classic Robotron) before they're absorbed, the secret pylons, the visitors, and a lot more. It starts modestly and ramps up into intense, then goes beyond that into insane. There's a point here where the music and action combine to transprot you into the legendary Zone. Yes, it does exist, and Nex Machina brings it to you. It's a spectacular thing to experience, the game lives by it. You're constantly encouraged to take risks to improve your score, the negative feedback you get when you fail is fair motivation.There are three main game modes, and each has its own set of leaderboards. You will visit these often, and you will become determined to do better. You can watch replays and laugh at your friends' misfortune, or gape in awe at their skill, before heading back in to challenge them again. All in service of your score.Performance wise, it runs easily at a solid 60 on my decent i7 and a 1060, and goes much higher if you unlock it. Check the system requirements though, they have set the bar quite high. Voxels fly everywhere, and the engine hasn't skipped a beat yet. The world flips and turns as you jump from arena to arena, it's all quite spectacular stuff and it's nice to see Housemarque bringing their trademark action to the PC."
76561197962207750,Recommended,404540,34495847,Posted: 25 August,all,-CF- Boris_Johnson,"► Proper fast, slick, addictive gameplay► Superb eye and ear candy► if you like classic arcade challenges and this looks good to you, you're right... get it :)"
,Recommended,404540,33092520,Posted: 1 July,all,Horog,Fantastic arcade game!Tested control:- Keyboard + Mouse- Keyboard only ... best for me
,Recommended,404540,32607206,Posted: 20 June,all,NFG,"I'm only a dozen or so stages in, so far, but all indications point to hell yeah.  This is basically perfect.  It's blazing fast, without any of the constant hand-holding modern games are so fond of.  No tutorial stages, no constant breaking the flow with intermissions or unskippable dialogue.  Every stage segues seamlessly into the next immediately after you complete the last.  The audio is great, the animation is super liquid, the controls simple and effective."
,Recommended,404540,33177702,Posted: 3 July,all,Cerzi,"This is the best twin-stick shooter I think I've ever played:  completely slick presentation, perfectly tight gameplay, sick soundtrack and something that's all-too-often-missing: properly implemented competitive stats/leaderboard tracking.I'll start with the leaderboards:  not only is it cross-platform, showing all players from both console and PC, but for any entry on the same platform as you you're able to easily view the entire run as a replay.  This means access to hundreds of thousands of replays across all the different modes, from the very best in the world to your less-best friends on the friends leaderboard.On top of this, you have a player-profile with a level and associated currency:  old-school style, this isn't some F2P currency that you can top up with cash, and the only way to make significant gains is through significant accomplishments:  you don't get much for just grinding without any improvement.   For example, you'll be shown individually picked-out rival players on the leaderboards as a short-term targets to beat, and when you do you're rewarded with a bunch of xp.  All this extra engagement between the player and the competition just helps fuel the fire.There's enough info in other reviews about how incredible the gameplay is, so I won't bother going into that here.  Just wanted to highlight a brilliant part of the game that isn't talked about as much."
,Recommended,404540,32621405,Posted: 21 June,all,wbk,My eyes are bleeding now.  Nice.
,Recommended,404540,33071477,Posted: 1 July,all,Mia,"Godeness, this is quite nice. I wasn't as impressed by the graphics as I could've been, but it's quite hypnotic, the music is deep and fulfilling, and the stage and menu transitions are pure slickness. I wish this game had existed in the heyday of such things, because for as many people as it's impressed, I wish the entire world had known it very well.It follows what I think is one of the most important rules for shooting games this decade - players don't want to just dodge the boss's bullets, they want to feel like a boss themselves. People want powerful weapons, I think. And this game makes you feel very formidable.The only real gripe/request/wish I have is that I really hope the developers add support for 3D Vision eventually. I just got a PG278QR - yes, 3D gaming displays are still being made in 2017, and they're finally getting pretty good color and clarity wise too! - and this game seems like the most obvious shoe-in for 3D features I've seen so far.So, pretty please, maybe add 3D, even a tiny worthless 3D profile for the game so that the homebrew community can add their own fixes to it?If anyone hears this, thank you!P.S. It was so good that I didn't even notice consciously at first, but wow the music is actually really good. Like the first-few-Mario-games type of catchiness at some points. So that's worth the bother too. :)"
,Recommended,404540,33292548,Posted: 5 July,all,TGIGreeny,"A stunning twin stick shooter that borrows from the greats (notable Eugene Jarvis' Robotron) but offers an eyesearing, neon-lit voxel visual feast accompanied by a pounding electro soundtrack.The difficulty curve is pitched just right, with varied enemy types that swarm just enough to keep you in that blissful state on the edge of losing control without leaving you feeling totally overwhelmed.Boss battles are challenging without being frustrating, and the relentless ""one more go"" nature of the mini arenas each fight takes place in keeps you coming back for more.Without doubt the best shooter of the many I have played this year, and quite possibly the best twitch arcade game of 2017 full stop.Highly recommended."
76561198047627788,Recommended,404540,32953849,Posted: 28 June,all,Quicksilver7514,"Very good arcade twin stick shooter. If you like these sorts of games then you are in for a treat. Just be aware that there are only 5 levels in this game, which is split up into roughly 15 mini levels in each one.This game will take you roughly an hour to play all the way through. But there is a lot of replayability due to the challegne modes where you can beat others high scores and the varying difficulty level that goes from rookie to master, and trust me master is HARD.Enjoy!"
,Recommended,404540,32593457,Posted: 20 June,all,Rock1m1,"I am a huge RPG fan. As a RPG tends to be the genre which encapsulates a strong narrative with player-designed gameplay. However, there are times that I just do not want any of that. Sometimes I just want to kickback and kill monsters as they come at me without dying, all while racking up serious points. Therefore, I guess what I am trying to say here is that sometimes I just want to play a videogame that tries to not only behave like one, but also wear it like a badge of honor. Nex Machina is one of those rare games, which keeps a sliver of background story to give some context to the world, but throws out pretty much everything videogames have borrowed from the movies. It is a twin-stick arcade shooter in a cyberpunk universe.Before we go any further. I want to make sure you know that this is an arcade game. It is very short if you just want to though the levels from start to the end. The game, being an arcade shooter, is supposed to be played and replayed over and over again. The objective is to not just from go from start to finish, but get as much points as possible.Somewhere in the future, while the humans were too busy glued to their gadgets. AIs were multiplying and taking over the world. It is up to you to go inside their artificial worlds of the AIs, destroy them, and free as much humans as you can.The worlds are a physical manifestation of the AI mindset.  It tries to defend itself from your onslaught by unleashing an array of monsters. As you fight your way to the AI bosses of each worlds and eventually destroy them, you are essentially scrubbing the AI clean and shutting it down entirely. At least that is what I think is happening (interpretation is up to you).One thing the game does not shy away from are lasers, lots of lasers. The battlefield is incredibly vibrant at any given time with neon lit sparks flying off left and right. The enemies shatter into granular substance upon dying, which without seeing it firsthand does not capture the effect as well, but it is oddly very satisfying to watch. With so much many enemies onscreen at once, it could have been a disaster for the game if it was too chaotic for players to keep track of the battlefield. Luckily for us the developers are much experienced in this regard and designed the game in such a way so the players can instantly have the vital information at a glance from the color codes; all of which feels organic as well.The audio design is another star of the show. The audio feedback is incredibly important during the battle to keep things in check; the game does a wonderful job of highlighting key sounds, which are integral to the mission, as example could be when humans are in danger and your suit warns you to drop everything and save them as it is shouting through a megaphone. The soundtrack is perfect. It expertly captures the look and feel of the game from the moment to moment. The music is heavy in synth and clearly inspired from the classics like Blade Runner. More so than most games out there, the audio is a character of its own and is an integral part of the game experience.The game has power-ups, which randomly spread-out in the game to help you even the odds further. The items include stuff like extra boost to dodge better, remote controlled bombs to kill multiples with a single explosion, shooter’s favorite rocket launcher, powerful lasers which turns the enemies into butter and a couple of more. My only complaint is that there really is not much of an audio feedback when you use these powerful weapons. I felt it was somewhat odd considering how everything about the game presentation is spot on.The game has splitscreen co-op, even on PC, which is outstanding. Although it lacks an online equivalent. Hopefully they can patch in that functionality in a later update. Seriously though, splitscreen on PC is a great thing to have.Housemarque in no stranger to games like this, but their years of experience is clearly evident in their latest title. They perfected the look, the feel, the controls and the sound to a level which is hardly thought of being matched nowadays. The moment you are dropped into the world of Nex Machina, you know are going to have a great time."
76561197984615881,Recommended,404540,32678660,Posted: 23 June,all,hawkulous,"Amazing game, even better than all the games it takes inspiration from. Buy it spend some time to enjoy the finer details  in the gameplay. Then worship your machine gods and maybe spend some of your skins on an electric sheep."
,Recommended,404540,33479019,Posted: 12 July,all,Deejo Wellens,"I'll write a proper review once I've 1CC'd it but suffice to say this is the absolute best twinstick shooter of all time. Nothing even really comes close. It is so intense, so pure, and it all melds so well.Perhaps the only Western game in a decade worthy of being called ""arcade"". Still haven't gotten past the third boss which could make a Cave expert wince with how it chases you around the field as it sprays bullet hell.Buy this game if you love videogames. Play it on the hardest available difficulty, one credit only, with an Xbone controller*. Experience ecstasy.*oddly, the game doesn't seem to natively support the DS4, despite being console exclusive to PS4."
76561198013620575,Recommended,404540,33039677,Posted: 30 June,all,BAMBOO ARMS,definetely game is fun to watch same as to play the graphic and effect that the game has  are amazingit will be awesome  if game add online coop  so we can play with friend arond the globe
,Recommended,404540,34579482,Posted: 29 August,all,diaboliic,"Pretty ♥♥♥♥ing sweet arcade shooter, nice aesthetic, nice music. Pretty happy with the full price."
76561197970371316,Recommended,404540,33172715,Posted: 3 July,all,neonxaos,"My eyes are bleeding and my heart is on fire. I'm swaying to the pounding synthwave rhythm. Nex Machina combines the essence of everything Housemarque have been working on since Resogun with the soul of Robotron, summoned by Eugene Jarvis himself. There is no better twin stick shooter than this."
76561198024975458,Recommended,404540,33573975,Posted: 15 July,all,Irot Noot,"This game is fun!  I very much recommend.  Its addicting and does not lock you into those frusterating dead ends where you cannot progress because a level stumps you.  Its graphically amazing, my i5, gtx970 plays smooth as glass, no stutters, lag, nothing but FAST gorgeous fun.  Ive had no issues with the mouse and keyboard and found the controls extremely presice and responsive.  I read others' concerns about how the mouse works in other reviews and hesitated, but ultimately bought anyways.  I very happy I did.  The mouse concerns were of no concern to me and I quickly figured out what the devs intended and had no issues since.  10 seconds of figuring it out, max.  Do not let mouse control concerns deter you from buying this.  It nearly cost me this gem and I felt it prudent to pass along my experiences in this regard."
76561197972877450,Recommended,404540,32623906,Posted: 21 June,all,Palazar,Nex Machina is THE twin stick shooter apex.. Genre Defining.. High-Speed Art.. Pure arcade action at it's best..
,Recommended,404540,34487274,Posted: 25 August,all,Jingo,"Its a hidden but well polished gem. Go, grab it!"
,Recommended,404540,34887991,Posted: 11 September,all,Prince-Of_Darkness,Bullet hell top down shooter with stunning visuals and epic music.Good game to pass some time10/10
,Recommended,404540,32602894,Posted: 20 June,all,Kabal,best game of housemaque10/10
,Recommended,404540,32597756,Posted: 20 June,all,Sharzam,"Simply put it is a twin stick shooter however that is not doing it justice as really it is the pinnacle of that genre.If you have ever liked Binding of Issac, Robotron, Geometryu Wars or the classic Smash TV then this is the game for you. It also has Housemarques trademark style which is a big plus for me."
,Recommended,404540,32786773,Posted: 25 June,all,The Dino,yes.
76561198281365966,Recommended,404540,32711983,Posted: 23 June,all,Sammy Flamingo,"HouseMarque has created a worthy spiritual sucessor to one of my most intense obsessions ""Resogun"". Fast paced arcade style action combined with blister inducing run n gun gameplay will have you literally holding your breath as you blast your way through the encroaching hordes of enemies."
,Recommended,404540,32856666,Posted: 27 June,all,TyrantGuardian,"Oh boy. If you enjoy Cave shmups, you will like this. It is a game heavily based on memorizing the stages, learning how to chain with proper timing so your combo doesn't drop and being able to recognize patterns and the location of your character and the enemies without focusing your vision on either. The game has some minor flaws such as the camera moving around during boss battles in a way that makes what I described above almost impossible to do momentarily but all in all, its really tight and one of those games that leads to a sort of melding of your mind, the controls and the game design into an almost subconscious ride. Also the end-game is completely bonkers.If you're not interested in memorizing stages and pushing for high scores, I wouldn't recommend this game for you. If you are, then this is definitely one of the best of its contemporaries."
76561197980555877,Recommended,404540,32655888,Posted: 22 June,all,Powermix24,"If you played any Arcade style shooter and enjoyed it , then you are in for a treat playing this one ! 20/10 ."
76561198062376187,Recommended,404540,32629130,Posted: 21 June,all,LuCiFeR,One of the best dual stick shooters ever. Its like Resogun and Gattling Gears mixed on speed. Happy to see the dev bringing titles to the PC!!
,Recommended,404540,32603554,Posted: 20 June,all,STEALTHxKILLZ,"This game is awesome!I grew up playing smash TV ,Gauntet, Contra etc <80's kid> this game brings me back to going to an arcade and spending hours having fun. This game runs sooooo smooth and its flashy colors , visuals and heart pumping soundtrack hypnotize you into a trance of shooting the ever living crap out of enemies. There are plenty of power ups to help you and hidden stuff to find . This game starts off easy ...then throws everything at you keeping you on your toes! BOSS fights are fun and keep your heart rate up lol. Very good game for a twin stick and glad i got it worth every penny. Thanks Devs you made a great game!"
,Recommended,404540,33034774,Posted: 30 June,all,HolyGrailMaster,"I am still bad at this game, but it is as good as they come! The game is really smooth with great neon art and absolutely amazing soundtrack. Fast game that is easy to play and hard to master!"
,Recommended,404540,33029681,Posted: 30 June,all,Mr. Boombastic,An absolutely stunning game that runs as smooth as butter! Lots of twin stick shooter action with plenty of secrets to find. The voxel destruction is also amazing! Housemarque and NVIDIA did a wonderful job with this one! Highly recommend it! Good replayability on this title.
76561198211762632,Recommended,404540,33065980,Posted: 30 June,all,CursedX,game is addicting and will get frustrating but still very fun!
,Recommended,404540,32601698,Posted: 20 June,all,Doc Revelator,"An absolutely perfect twin-stick shooter, with the immediacy of the best arcade games but with longevity and endless challenge. A feast for the senses, it is not only Housemarque's best game but the a genre-defining moment for arcade gaming. The obvious influences are there, as well as some unusual ones like Mario Kart, but the sheer polish, intelligence and class that this game expresses puts it in a league of its own.Seriously, this is one of the finest games I've ever played."
,Recommended,404540,32597450,Posted: 20 June,all,Fede,"Housemarque did it again, games like Super Stardust and Resogun, they were superb, and now they've launched today Nex Machina for Steam, it plays and feels great with an gtx 1080 on 4k and 60fps. Is totally enjoyable"
,Recommended,404540,32635240,Posted: 21 June,all,Apoch Weiss | Apochs.net,"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xN3CxU0fQvcThis game is an absolute blast to play, but even on Normal can be one of the most infuriating and visually abusive Steam titles you will happen upon. Take classics like Robotron 2084 and Pocky & Rocky, slap on a modern visua approach with creratures looking to assimilate humanity, and you get this little nightmare of a title. Tear through seven worlds seperated into various levels, fight off the enemy hordes, and save as many humans as possible to increase your multiplier for the highest score possible.There are some complaints to be had though. If you intend to use a controller, you need to set it u[ in the options first at the time of writing this (see video above). Sadly, the dash can sometimes be unresponsive even when reloaded. This was something i experiencee from time to time, makinf boss fights all the more frustratring. Finally there's the insane visual stimuli at play. Sometimes its impossible to see nearby enemies and bullets, leaving you walkiung into your instrument of death without even realizing you're about to..Other than that, Nex Machina is a solid modern take on the classic arcade action title. Awesome soundtrack, varying degrees of difficulty from start to finish. On a single normal run with a decent level of skill, you''re looking at well over two hours of gameplay given the generous amount of continues this title offers you. If bullet hells aor classic game cabinet gameplay are your idea of a good time, this one is well worth the price of admission."
,Recommended,404540,33447466,Posted: 10 July,all,Celery,"Housemarque's Nex Machina may be one of the biggest surprises of the year for me to date.  I had seen some gameplay footage, but for some reason I didn't expect to enjoy it as much as I have.  I feel like I've seen quite a few twin-stick shooters described as arcade-style in the past.  More often than not those games have left me scratching my head and wondering what exactly people thought made them comparable to arcade games.  This isn't to suggest that I didn't like them, but rather that there are certainly fundamental design differences between arcade games and other games.Right out of the gate, Nex Machina throws you into the action.  Whatever the story is, it certainly isn't the focus of the game.  After selecting a game mode and difficulty you'll be dodging and shooting within seconds.  Aside from movement and aiming, your character is able to use a dash that provides invaluable invincibility frames.  You can also obtain one of six sub-weapons.  They all have infinite ammo but to require a small amount of time to recharge.  As you kill enemies there is a meter that builds up and when it completely fills a power-up will drop.  While you hold all the power-ups additional drops will be score multipliers.It's clear that Housemarque designed the game around playing it for score.  There are cross platform leaderboards for each difficulty of arcade mode, as well as single world leaderboards for those that wish to focus on playing one world.  There is also an online arena mode that encourages you to beat a specific player's score.  I think it's an ingenious way to promote scoring as the selected target player is based on your high score for each challenge.  This allows players of all skill levels to have a target they can try to reach.  A replay system exists that can be used to help you improve your skills, though you're only able to watch replays from individuals that are playing on the same platform.  While playing in the online arena you can find tokens which can be spent to unlock other arena challenges or to customize the appearance of your character.  As this is a review I won't go too deep into the scoring system, but the basic idea involves killing certain enemies and structures, finding secret stages, keeping your combo up by timing your rescue of humans, and not getting hit.Unless you have a shield, a single hit means death.  Even so, I found the game to be fairly forgiving compared other arcade games while  playing for survival on ""experienced"".  Then again, as of writing this review it's the only difficulty level I've 1cc'd.  I haven't played ""veteran"" much yet, but it seems like a solid increase in challenge.  It's clear there are enough difficulty options to meet a wide range of skill levels.  You can hold five lives and there are a fair number of them hidden throughout the stages of each of the six worlds.  If you're playing for score things become a lot more complicated, and you'll be required to create a solid route for each stage.  One thing I found to be somewhat odd about the difficulty selection was the varying number of credits.  Considering that you game over when you lose all of your lives, I'm not sure why they felt it necessary to give more credits on lower difficulties and less on higher ones.  Most arcade games on PC give unlimited credits regardless of what difficulty you select.  If the developers are going to allow credit feeding at all, why limit it by difficulty?  Perhaps it's so there is still some challenge for credit feeders.  Ultimately the number of allowed credits doesn't matter too much, as any serious player that actually wants to beat arcade mode will be trying for a one credit clear.I'm happy to say my only real criticism is a fairly minor one.  PC ports of arcade games typically having robust practice modes and no such mode is available here.  You can unlock the ability to play single worlds by reaching them in arcade mode, but you won't begin the world with the power ups you would normally have by that point while playing arcade.  Although specific stage practice would be useful for training purposes, most of the worlds don't take long to complete so I didn't find the lack of this feature to be so bad.  Some players may be more bothered by it than I am though.Other than that, no other negatives come to mind.  I had a huge grin on my face within moments of playing for the first time.  For something I was initially somewhat skeptical about purchasing, I quickly became more than satisfied with my decision.  Not only did Housemarque create a great game, but they created one with an awesome soundtrack and impressive graphics.  I would absolutely recommend Nex Machina to anyone that enjoys twin stick shooters, arcade games, and playing for score.Like the review? Follow my curator page to see my thoughts on other games."
,Recommended,404540,32610956,Posted: 20 June,all,ViVi,"Absolutely amazing game. Resogun was already great, but this is even better. The visuals and the music are spot on and the controls are precise and responsive.https://youtu.be/7YjKv5gauho"
76561198116071316,Recommended,404540,33298368,Posted: 5 July,all,My elbows are double jointed,"Saying this is a great game would be an understatement. Where do i begin? Geometry wars meets Smash T.V. you progress the perception bending areas in segments, searching for secrets and rescueing humons all while trying to survive against seeming impossible odds; endless swarms of various unique A.I. pepper your path to victory, and challenge your ability to percieve, process, destroy in the perfect harmony required to obtain the most possible score. Each level is more rewarding then the last, I have no idea how many levels there are, time to get back to finding out."
,Recommended,404540,32855187,Posted: 27 June,all,RetroBlast,"Once I saw that Eugene Jarvis (Robotron, Defender, Stargate) was involved, I knew this was going to be a beautifully brutal game. And it is - hard and unforgiving, but fair. And unbelieveably fun. Pure adrenaline, with a fantastic soundtrack. Tune in, zone out, and let your reflexes take over. Recommended!"
,Recommended,404540,34560579,Posted: 28 August,all,clusterdreams,"A well-oiled and intense twin stick shooter with beautiful visuals and voxels. Can be beaten in about a 2 hour sitting but the challenges and levels densely layered with secrets add to replayability. A great game to play and come back to in bite sized chunks. Soundtrack also stands out as the synthwave tracks are fantastic. Only real issue is the difficulty can spike randomly and some of the later stages in each level are very geared toward having the triple dash upgrade, when you die and randomly lose it, you're in for a headache. Still, very satisfying when you do complete levels and finish off bosses. I don't recommend blinking."
,Recommended,404540,32664702,Posted: 22 June,all,Marc,Excellent fast paced arcade shooter.  Your hooked right from the beginning and can't stop playing.
,Recommended,404540,33324244,Posted: 6 July,all,delukz,"They added support for 21:9, so I can finally recommend this game! :)"
76561198079455287,Recommended,404540,32635544,Posted: 21 June,all,Professor Toothy,"I am a huge fan of the bullet hell genre. When I saw this game's first trailer back when, I knew it would be for me. And... For the most part... I was right.The game struggles with with the most basic component of any bullet hell, and that is the clarity of enemy fire and enemy attacks. The game just has far too many particle effects and explosions to accomplish this. I really wish there was some kind of ""reduce effects"" setting that would reduce not the quality, but the volume of particle and explosive effects.Other than that, Nex Machina is fantastic."
76561197984124156,Recommended,404540,32612209,Posted: 21 June,all,IzNoGood,"Early review after only a few hours of play.The game is fantastic! Great graphics, fantastic soundtrack, tight controls.It has this fine balance of keeping you at the edge of the seat, tightly gripping your controller and going for ""one more try"" frustration in a good way.It takes a little time to get into the mechanics with so much stuff going on, but once you have a few runs under your belt, then your fingers will almost blast their way without you thinking.Highly highly recommendable!"
76561197982904096,Recommended,404540,32612201,Posted: 21 June,all,Huol,Very good game if you like bullet hell and twin sticks shooters.Great graphics and great music !
76561198378780604,Recommended,404540,32792656,Posted: 25 June,all,Ninja Scroll,5 out of 5. A must play masterpiece
,Recommended,404540,32795956,Posted: 25 June,all,Luxury,"I bought this durring the sale, and I cannot stop playing. If the competative leaderboards don't keep you playing, than the ammount of content will. Not only that, but the flashy, fun, and challenging. This fast paced twin stick shooter touches me in all the right places. Tototally recommend!"
76561198078136636,Recommended,404540,32662687,Posted: 22 June,all,Booby_Tuesdays,"Super Stardust, Helldivers, and Robotron had a baby.  It's like they made a game just for me. :)"
,Recommended,404540,32681346,Posted: 23 June,all,Book Wyrm,"As a pretty big fan of the Super Stardust games and Resogun it makes my heart jump with joy being able to play something akin to those games from Housemarque in above 1080p and unlocked fps. <3And as far as I can tell Nex Machina is at least on par with the above mentioned games.If you like fast paced, arcade-y fun I doubt you'll regret giving this one a shot."
76561197977153196,Recommended,404540,34196479,Posted: 12 August,all,Malec2b,"Really excellent Twin Stick shooter.  Not only does the game feel good and look good, but it also has some really interesting enemy mechanics (I suspect a lot of this stems from Eugene Jarvis' input into the game), and some really well-done level design (which is somewhat rare for the genre).  Each level isn't just about reflexes, but also planning, as you have to prioritize which enemies to defeat first and figure out how to save all the humans."
,Recommended,404540,32656436,Posted: 22 June,all,postmanmanman,"I'm a shump nerd who has spent an embarrassing amount of money importing obscure Japanese games and believe me when I say this is by FAR the best western-developed shmup ever made. Not that that's much of a contest but suffice to say it is SO far above the competition it's almost laughable. If you've ever enjoyed score-chase games, twin-stick shooters, shmup, you *need* this game."
76561197997439591,Recommended,404540,34491394,Posted: 25 August,all,reciproc1ty,"I now own Nex Machina on both PC and PS4 and it's fantastic on both. Brilliantly designed, beautiful to look at and it has a great soundtrack.I'd love for Housemarque to add HDR and Vulkan multi GPU compatibility on PC. I've also noticed that it's in stereo 2.0 only through HDMI on PC - Atmos integration would be phenominal.Pure unadulterated twin stick shooter action. Highy recommended."
,Recommended,404540,34490898,Posted: 25 August,all,starbuck2190,"I had never played a twin-stick shooter before, but Nex Machina is an exceptional and expertly crafted game. My GOTY, hands down."
76561198072294997,Recommended,404540,34492853,Posted: 25 August,all,lordtovek,Holy HELL! HOLY HELL! This game may take you a couple of levels or an hour to get the hang of and then you all of a sudden go from dying to clearing some levels and then to clearing the levels with all humans saved and then ... and then... you get to an end boss. What is unreal is that this game sucks you in and it is intense. The music is awesome too. Basically this game is like pixalated crack. When you complete each progressively rediculous lvl it feels so satisfying.
76561198024405132,Not Recommended,404540,35374897,Posted: 1 October,all,DevoidKitsune,"If the game is on sale for 10 dollars, buy the hell out of it. Anything more isn't worth it.The game itself is a lot of fun and has a great deal of flow, but the reason I can't recommend this is because of the price. I beat this game in under 2 hours on the medium difficulty, and managed to beat it half way through again on the hardest difficulty before even hitting 3 hours. This game is a lot of fun but has nowhere near the content needed for a 20 dollar price tag. Some may disagree there, but the replayability isn't nearly strong enough to support an hour and a half of actual vintage gameplay.It has fantastic flow, great visuals for those fond of lots of colors and the general cyberpunk theme, and the music is pretty good. Not something I'd ever listen to without the game, but still good for the game itself. The levels have a mild bit of change to them each time you play through, but keep in mind that it is very mild.It's weird to say that I greatly enjoyed a game but then not recommend it, but again, it's because the game is just too short. It's actually saddening how short it is because by the time you've really just hit yout stride and feel truly unstoppable, the game is already over and you either refund it or replay it. If it goes on sale, get it, if not, leave it be."
76561198173606567,Recommended,404540,33752326,Posted: 23 July,all,KeinSchiesse,"I would recommend this game but only when (or if) it's on sale at a sizable discount. It's not a bad game by any means, and I might even venture to say it's ""good"" but it also strikes me as overpriced and very overrated for what it does present. That being said, my expectations for the game were pretty sky high after hearing its great soundtrack and seeing it getting such shining hype after release. The music and graphics are well-done with huge, explosive, screen-filling effects often taking place and the game has a frantic pace that is fun to evade other enemies' attacks as you pick up various powerups including a shield and various secondary weapons. What's here is all well-made, but the general content is also much like what you can find in many other less expensive twin stick shooters. I'm not too keen on the somewhat 'cutesy' / cartoony main character and enemy designs with their exaggerated, chibi-like features. I guess it gives the game some unique personality, but I thought it looked kind of cheesy. Also while the graphics look great in motion, I thought the limited color palette of blue, red, and green got a bit tiresome after awhile. Nex Machina is a good game, however its retail price of 19.99 is pretty high considering what is here. I would liken it to having paid 20$ for a box of fireworks which all do the same thing. The initial explosions, lights, and flares may wow you, but after having seen them for an hour or two there's not much more to it, and you may wonder why you dropped so much money on the experience."
,Not Recommended,404540,32655930,Posted: 22 June,all,Ash,"Game's great. I enjoyed every bit of the shooting action. But there are some design flaws.1) Game modes are too vague. Arcade? Single world? Took me a while to figure out you need to play arcade mode to unlock other world.2) Most of us don't have the attention span or time to play through all 5 worlds in one sit. There's no reason to not let player save progress at the beginning of every world.Games like Binding of Isaac, Risk of Rain don't have save/load mainly because the item/skill systems require players to remember what we have got so far in this particular game session. However I can't think of a sole reason why Nex Machina would want this.3) I clicked 'quit' mid-game wanting to see what the game had to say about that, like, ""Your progress in current world will be lost"" or ""Are you sure you want to lose all progress?"". Well guess what, bam, title screen. Why not prompt confirmation like a normal game?These basically ruined my should-be great experience. I'd be happy to make this review positive once the devs do something to improve it."
76561198032190159,Recommended,404540,32654312,Posted: 22 June,all,d1zL,"A wonderful suprise this year, all packed into a arcade style game,made by some of todays most talented and creative developers,this game provides action packed adrenaline rush gameplay,that requires cunning and skill and memorization, as with alltypical arcade style games, you gotta have willpower and tenacityto get good at the game.It has a few issues that in due time hopefully get fixed.Highly recommend the game."
,Recommended,404540,32640238,Posted: 22 June,all,Ainuk,Absolutely brilliant!!
,Recommended,404540,32987506,Posted: 29 June,all,Calibrono,Best arcade game I've played in a long time. It will ♥♥♥♥ you up guaranteed.
76561198319816718,Recommended,404540,33264265,Posted: 5 July,all,Wobblyffet,Blinking. Such a cherished memory.
,Recommended,404540,33276383,Posted: 5 July,all,Zulatomten,Whould recomend if you intend to play with a controller. there's no mouse aim cursor yet to be implemented and whould not recomend if you intend to play with a mouse.
76561198071719139,Recommended,404540,32607927,Posted: 20 June,all,Zombie,"Housemarque hits it out of the park again!It's like Resogun on steroids, and after seeing it was $10 cheaper on steam, and I don't need to buy PS+ for leaderboards PC won the sale!If you like fast and frantic bullet hell type games with insane shiny lights you can't go wrong xDAs a bonus it's also a great game to test if you have seizures!"
,Recommended,404540,32623268,Posted: 21 June,all,Zapek,"Super Stardust and The Reap meet Gauntlet.This twin shooter has every ingredient needed. Awesome graphics, flawless animation, great gameplay and outstanding music. Usually modern shoot em ups lack one of these but Nex Machina has it all.Try to beat some score in the online leaderboard where you can also watch replays to find tips and tricks or just beat one arena to let off some steam.Local co-op is also available."
76561198089728290,Recommended,404540,32623243,Posted: 21 June,all,Mr_Bossman736,"The FitnessGram™ Pacer Test is a multistage aerobic capacity test that progressively gets more difficult as it continues. The 20 meter pacer test will begin in 30 seconds. Line up at the start. The running speed starts slowly, but gets faster each minute after you hear this signal. beep A single lap should be completed each time you hear this sound. ding Remember to run in a straight line, and run as long as possible. The second time you fail to complete a lap before the sound, your test is over. The test will begin on the word start. On your mark, get ready, start.You feel like it's easy at first.But you are so wrong."
,Recommended,404540,32619897,Posted: 21 June,all,REALITYCheque,Only played 5 mins so far.GOTY.
,Recommended,404540,33382226,Posted: 8 July,all,Diziet Embless Sma,"Aside from the initial problem of having to restart steam after installing this is a glorious twin stick shooter.  This is Housemarque doing what they love with consultancy from the best in the best in the business.  A pinacle! If you own a PS4 pick up Resogun, a beautiful game in it's own right and a fantastic tribute to Defender.Performance is great and there are lights and voxels everywhere... I can zone out to this game."
76561197999665551,Recommended,404540,33422457,Posted: 9 July,all,Karl,"Game is sublime. Just 1CCed experienced difficulty for the first time. Heart was beating out of my chest. TLB murdered me. Back at it I go... Also, the game's setting absolutely screams future anime feature. Please make it happen."
,Recommended,404540,32789642,Posted: 25 June,all,Doctor Buzzkill,"ModernRobotron. A twin-stick shooter that has you sprinting round a collection of bite-size arenas shooting enemies, avoiding lasers and saving humans.It looks very pretty and the enemy death effect of exploding into clouds of voxel chunks is immensely satisfying; I guarantee you'll never get tired of firing Power Shots into huge crowds of enemy robots.  However underneath the lashings and lashings of neon lies some incredibly finely-honed level and encounter design, where you have to tackle the parallel tasks of managing enemy numbers (through shooting them), chaining together human pickups so that your combo meter doesn't run out, and uncovering secret levels and high-scoring bonus enemies who will escape the level  if you don't kill them promptly.Oh, and you have to do all this while surviving steadily-increasing quantities of bullet hell. I'd callNex Machinaa game for people who enjoy multitasking, in the same way that juggling chainsaws and flaming torches while unicycling across a rope bridge that's suspended above an alligator-filled river technically qualifies as multitasking. Play it, enjoy it, and be prepared to need a lie down aftewards to recover from it."
,Recommended,404540,32614797,Posted: 21 June,all,Death Knell,很不错的俯角弹幕游戏。。。。。就是特效瞎眼。。。还有，能不能显示鼠标位置，能不能显示鼠标位置，能不能显示鼠标位置=。=plz make a pretty clear mouse pointer，pointer，pointer!!!!!(something important must say 3 times) show me where the f... am I aimming to=.=
,Recommended,404540,32659189,Posted: 22 June,all,Kobra Kommander,Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥this is good.
,Recommended,404540,32743970,Posted: 24 June,all,coolin,"one of the best twin-stick shooters i've ever played, up there with geometry wars & smash tvthis is some extremely good♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198082610824,Recommended,404540,34553136,Posted: 28 August,all,Ocelot,"Nex Machina is a top down intense arcade style twin stick shooter. The game looks great and the controls are fast and fluid, I had never heard the term voxel before this but I absolutely love it.There really isn't a ""story"" as such nor are there any cutscenes (excluding the ending) the game starts straight away and throws you in the action with no hand holding. As the name suggests you use twin sticks (2 analog sticks on controller) with left to move your character and right to aim and fire. Only other controls are dash (left trigger) and special weapon (right trigger) theres really not much else to it. Even on the most basic difficulty this game tested my hand eye co ordination and focus, you can die in just 1 hit from any attack. Which makes finding shields a top priority along with a special weapon-my favourite being the laser beam.I found the challenge lies in putting it all together and this is where the fun is. With headphones pumping the sound track with a dash of old school arcade beeps and noises I raced across every area saving humans, blasting....alien robot things dashing dodging and having a blast.For the price I don't think you can go wrong, at first glance I thought the game was way too short but looking further into it there is a lot of replayability to Nex Machina. Arena mode will let you earn points that can be used to purchase cosmetics and skins for your character. From different colour blasters, armour, helmets and sigils.This was the first time I had a played a game of this type and I must say its a treasure, I hope I can find more like it."
76561198041783965,Recommended,404540,34575347,Posted: 29 August,all,steelyardmcdan,This game is amazing.
76561198020291711,Recommended,404540,32716352,Posted: 24 June,all,YO,"Good music, great visual effects and really intuitive controls (with a PS4 controller).This is my first time playing a game of this genre (arcade-bullethell) and I'm very satisfied."
76561198057901653,Recommended,404540,32728769,Posted: 24 June,all,-=B-Raz=-,Amazing game!! Fast and fun !! So addicting !!
76561198066117282,Recommended,404540,34568391,Posted: 28 August,all,marcusb1976,"Awesome arcade game, with Awesome music and sound effects with great graphics, along with great gameplay, but very addictive arcade repetive type of Game. If you are the Gamer, that likes repetive arcade awesome games, then Nex Machina is for you:)"
,Recommended,404540,32618346,Posted: 21 June,all,abatage,dope
,Recommended,404540,35223820,Posted: 26 September,all,Desmight,It's good.Score: 9/10.
,Not Recommended,404540,32856457,Posted: 27 June,all,cuphead yeet,"I love the game, realy it looks amazing and feels amazing! However... there is no crosshair which makes aiming feel very bad, you have to aim with the pointer which moves around you as you move the mouse, and that doesn't feel very pleasant."
76561197960278639,Recommended,404540,32863989,Posted: 27 June,all,Sparkster,"nice, challenging game like resogun."
,Recommended,404540,33987105,Posted: 3 August,all,Case in Point,"Incredibly well-crafted arcade twin-stick shooter. Mandatory for any fans of the genre!Gameplay is tough but fair. Anyone should be able to beat the game on Rookie mode with unlimited continued, but the real fun begins when you push yourself through experienced mode to start getting one credit clears. The level of scoring depth is completely engrossing, making the split second decisions whether to save all the humans and keep the combo going or slow down and search for extra lives all the more difficult. The music is fantastic and fits the game well.Play this game, and save the humans."
,Recommended,404540,34228967,Posted: 13 August,all,Coolade,"Amazing and challenging game. Beautiful graphics, tons of replayability. Worth the money I recommend a purchase."
,Recommended,404540,33919694,Posted: 30 July,all,magna.magmadaederic,"Bullet hell, goodPROS: Fanf*king visualsCONS: ....I guess none so far?"
,Recommended,404540,32792927,Posted: 25 June,all,GettCouped,"Incredible game throughout.  This game is a runner's dream.  I am not very good, but I can see what this game is headed towards.  It is incredibly difficulty at the higher difficulties and the amount of global attention and attention to movement required is astounding.However, playing on easy is really fun and I am moving on to experienced now.  Global ranking system as well.  Great controls, but it does take a bit to get used to the mouse.  The engine does handle mouse moving pretty well.  Music top notch.  Level design is great.  Art style is A plus.  Wish there were more levels tho."
,Recommended,404540,32643662,Posted: 22 June,all,Carnivore Angel,"Really wish there was a way to leave a mixed review.  My problems with the game can be summarized like this: I started arcade mode with 99 continues, I entered the final boss with 55, and I wound up with a game over.  55 consecutive attempts - and in all of those, I nearly killed him a total of once.  Insane difficulty spikes at bosses, particularly in a game with limited lives /and/ a metagame that will give you no rewards if you don't complete whatever you've set out to do, are very, very poor design.  I'm leaving a positive review because the game is fun if you ignore that, but it's something that should be factored in if you're considering making a purchase."
,Recommended,404540,34767179,Posted: 5 September,all,PyramidSwim,"Game of the Year.The neg reviews for this game complain that it's too short, but if you're not an idiot you'll realize that the replayability comes from the difficulty that ramps up to insane levels, and the arcade challenges with leaderboards. If you're not into fast paced, butter smooth gamefeel arcade action with exhilerating music, then skip it. If you have self respect, pick this game up, full price is totally worth it. Don't wait for a sale, have fun now."
76561198086356157,Not Recommended,404540,33130665,Posted: 2 July,all,Sothix,"It's not a bad game, but it nearly has no content, 5 Worlds is just not enought. I mean look at the other reviews, nearly no playtime higher then 10. You can try it, but don't be an idiot like me and watch your playtime, so you can get a refund."
76561198061927679,Recommended,404540,32593390,Posted: 20 June,all,iBe ImmorTaLiiTy ✅,"Awesome game. Awesome Soundtrack. Awesome Graphics. Awesome EVERYTHING!! .... Except, when you're in a late level after playing 20 minutes and you die and you have to use your ""continue"" you lose all your power ups.... I had the misfortune of being in an incredible hard level with no power ups and it was killing my♥♥♥♥♥for 10 minutes that level! (No, I'm not a noob. I got all the trophies on Resogun I know how this game works!)So that is my only negative feedback, you're screwed with no powerups on a hard level =)"
,Recommended,404540,32593916,Posted: 20 June,all,Lee-Laa,"Very good game. I missed resogun so much when I moved from console to PC. This is very much like it, but better imo."
,Recommended,404540,32626142,Posted: 21 June,all,KrK ColeusRattus,A quick Gameplay Video for those interested:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_qYvFl4HgaYQuite a lot of fun!
,Recommended,404540,34375437,Posted: 20 August,all,Akademiker,"A beautiful masterpiece of light, colors, voxels, sound and music!Easy to learn - hard to master. Fun to play - fun to watch. Great in Coop.So, let the machine bleeding pixels and never stop crying out digital tears. The fight of future has began!"
76561198042153595,Recommended,404540,34849389,Posted: 9 September,all,jburnum1987,"Absolutely amazing. Housemarque style is all over this one.  if you like resogun, you'll love this. i HIGHLY recommend this gem."
76561198068676835,Recommended,404540,32601256,Posted: 20 June,all,speedy-a,Awesome arcade Twin Stick Shooter with great challening gameplay. Hope you port more of your games to steam now :)
,Recommended,404540,32601598,Posted: 20 June,all,Wunkerful,"What do you expect, its Housemarque."
76561198029398329,Recommended,404540,32601185,Posted: 20 June,all,Sisyphus,Did I miss the free 5-o-clock NEX giveaway?Joe! Get it Boi!Have fun times!Love it! Ode to kickass
76561198089383194,Recommended,404540,32598480,Posted: 20 June,all,daggertoes,Very resogun like.  Highly addictive.
,Recommended,404540,32600851,Posted: 20 June,all,Aaron,"Another great Housemarque game, doing what they do best! Get this game! Great price, great game!"
,Recommended,404540,33360624,Posted: 7 July,all,4r5,"Fun and intuitive, but when I tried to quit, my monitor blew up. Not a joke."
76561198023340319,Recommended,404540,32624887,Posted: 21 June,all,FixXxeR,very glad i stumbled upon this one... what a great game! I would definitely recommend to try it
,Recommended,404540,32633823,Posted: 21 June,all,yzzy,"After looking at screen shots and videos of this game for months and now finally playing it, one word to decribe this game, ""WOW!"". It's way way better than watching the preview/trailers, the actual game is fast and intense. I've have not played a game like this, one that I really like. Other similar game never felt like this since robotron. It's like a boosted version of Alienation with arcade feel. Finally, a classic action arcade game from that feels like the old games of the old days but with the new generation tech and feel. It's the best of both world."
76561198046775556,Recommended,404540,33026581,Posted: 30 June,all,saber138,Twin Stick AWESOME.
,Recommended,404540,32622466,Posted: 21 June,all,Endspire,"Was really hoping for more Dead Nation, sadly for me, that is not what this is. It is good for what it is though and the soundtrack is on point.This is more for a younger audience in my opinion."
,Recommended,404540,32624308,Posted: 21 June,all,HODGE THE CAT,my heart is racing.my hands are sweating.my brain is on fire.
76561197962307689,Recommended,404540,33209814,Posted: 3 July,all,123,"Finding this really addicting. Fast paced, great soundtrack! Action like Hotline Miami but a lot faster."
,Recommended,404540,33287197,Posted: 5 July,all,Lokhaman,what a psychedelic blast !!!
76561198123847310,Recommended,404540,33284721,Posted: 5 July,all,Chaivegetable,AWESOME
,Recommended,404540,32733388,Posted: 24 June,all,Zninjaboy,"This game is great, i saw the video and read the caption. Once i saw the Smash tv reference i was in.. i havent turned back its an amazing game nothing else to say, give it a try!!  : D! Good luck!!"
,Recommended,404540,32735547,Posted: 24 June,all,Dylan,"This is such a great game, if you are a highscore chaser and love a challange this is for you. I only have one complaint and that is the they need a way to hide the cursor becuase it's not in synch with the aiming in game and it can screw you over sometimes, other then that the game is an easy 10/10"
76561197989616614,Recommended,404540,32735832,Posted: 24 June,all,neon_raven,"One of the finest twin stick shooters ever made.Complex, refined and pure.Highly recommended."
,Recommended,404540,32766441,Posted: 25 June,all,Versace,"So I bought this game, because I wanted a break from competitive games. This game, I can't describe how enjoyable the experience is. First off, there isn't a lot of levels which really doesn't matter that much. Why? Because the replayability within 4 different difficulty levels is already insane. On top of that you can go for highscores as well.Pros:- Amazing soundtrack- Fast Paced- Extremely smooth gameplayCons:- No online co-op (this would make it even more enjoyable for me honestly)"
76561197986385789,Recommended,404540,32752750,Posted: 24 June,all,hissface,Essential stuff if you've even a passing interest in twin-stick shooters.
,Recommended,404540,32596577,Posted: 20 June,all,VonBlade,"Fast paced twin-stick shooter that takes the ideas of Robotron and Resogun and blends them into one glorious neon-hued whole. Pounding soundtrack, fabulous aesthetic, doesn't require a mental computer (although it helps). For a tenner you'll struggle to find anything more adrenaline fueled."
76561198086056882,Recommended,404540,32594622,Posted: 20 June,all,edwinduke,"OMG i just played a half an hour and I'm already addicted to this game, i was waiting for the steam release after i saw a Gameplay video on the PS4.. Love the fast mechanics, the graphics, the music, everything.. RECOMMENDED!"
,Recommended,404540,32595211,Posted: 20 June,all,Raur,"Have been waiting for twin stick games and particle effects to enter the next gen systems. Waiting finally over.Runs smooth 4k 60 fps on gtx1080, had to manually change options menu for controller instead of Key+Mouse.Music - Good retroParticle Effects - Good, shiny, smooth, varied, satisfyingSatisfaction - YesDamn good game"
76561198085996492,Recommended,404540,32746280,Posted: 24 June,all,40 Watt,"If you LOVE fast paced, arcade style games, then this is just your ticket. Like Robotron on steroids. All aspects are top rate, graphics, sound, movement, replayablity. Absolutely a must buy."
,Recommended,404540,32596487,Posted: 20 June,all,BuryTheLiving,"Great soundtrack, smooth gameplay, looks great. It's also priced well.Also, it's not as if I was ever a huge fan of neon-pink, but I also never thought I would develop an undying hatred for it. Thanks to this game, I have."
,Recommended,404540,34674342,Posted: 1 September,all,GalaxyzCollide,"Very, very good game I recomend for people with a spare $20"
,Recommended,404540,32728307,Posted: 24 June,all,Orldin,Hi i made a video review for people to see the first impressions you can get from this gamehttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f7ZXCBvjat4
76561198054177703,Recommended,404540,32924778,Posted: 28 June,all,Columbus,"Absolutely love this game, been looking for a good game similar to bastion type thing and this works well for me.I really am only writting this review hoping that they can fix the game for PC players without a controller. A seperate mouse courser that shows more acurately where you aiming would be a great feature to enable/disable in settings. Please ADD THIS"
76561198009726033,Recommended,404540,32908965,Posted: 27 June,all,Kalthoon,"This game has provided immediate fun!  Simple and so much depth.  If you liked Resogun and Geometry Wars, condsider getting this."
76561198023637559,Recommended,404540,33288791,Posted: 5 July,all,Omunall,"works on my toaster now. Lovely arcade game. AMD AthlonII X4thanks for the patch. Refunded and rebought, gae you more money than originally but that's okay, this is awesome"
,Recommended,404540,33963386,Posted: 1 August,all,kennyfrommodesto,"Smash TV style gameplay, intense action, synthwave music and aesthetic. Worth every penny."
76561197971522977,Recommended,404540,32619776,Posted: 21 June,all,Arisal,"One of the best twin stick shooters I have ever played and this includes the ones I have played are:Assult Android CactusBinding of Isacc: RebirthEnter the GungeonFuriGeometry Wars 1 & 3Super Star Dust HD/UltraWhat makes this game fun is how fast paced moving between levels are.  The powerups feel right.  Bosses are fun.  The music is amazing and I would put it up there with Furi for best soundtrack over most games.  Just a great game if you like twin stick shooters.  I fell in love with Super Star Dust HD back in the day and the dev continues to make great games like star dust, outland and now this game.  If you like twin stick shooter buy this now!"
76561198006476344,Recommended,404540,32625633,Posted: 21 June,all,Akira | GER,Fluid controls and fun upgrades mixed with great visuals that look strikingly sculptural are making this game an unforgettable blast to play. The level design is constantly challenging in refreshingly diverse ways. One of my best shmup experiences so far.
76561197996400647,Recommended,404540,32627458,Posted: 21 June,all,TrekGuy,"As a person who still plays Smash TV on a regular basis on my SNES I had to pick this up after seeing it on Digital Foundry.It's fantastic! No nonsese, straight into the game and instant action. This is a lot of fun and so pleased to see a new twin stick shooter.Highly recommned it and runs like a dream."
76561198011201092,Recommended,404540,32627358,Posted: 21 June,all,Indigoshn,Refreshingly different high tempo shooter - love it!
,Recommended,404540,32592858,Posted: 20 June,all,Diddle Schnitz,"Nex Machina offers classic Bullet Hell gameplay with its own original and retro twists. Level progression feels fresh and differant, complimented by an excellent nostalgia sparking soundtrack.Full of vibrant colors and lush particle effects and an intense tier based combat system. Depending on your difficulty you can choose how many ""Continue?"" options you are allotted (if any) on your play through. I thought this was a good feature as many players are turned off from the difficulty of Bullet Hell style games.Overall movement mechanics, dodge mechanics, and collision detection are all on point from what I've played. I haven't had any deaths that felt unfair.I highly recommend Nex Machina!9 / 10"
,Recommended,404540,32594784,Posted: 20 June,all,OneLastShot,"Short Review,This game is as smooth as Christy Mack's♥♥♥♥♥cheeks.Its an Arcade Shooter done right, it feels like an 80's game but with updated Grafix and kindagave me the feeling I had in my childhood."
,Recommended,404540,32743142,Posted: 24 June,all,Girdus,This is a good game.
,Not Recommended,404540,33000912,Posted: 29 June,all,Murilo Matos,Refunded. Fix the controller support and MAYBE I'll buy the game again.(I did everything I could to use the PS4 controller)
,Recommended,404540,34499401,Posted: 26 August,all,lemec,"Back in my day, I used to play a game by Housemarque called Super Stardust on my PSP. It's still a great way to pass the time while you pass the turds.Years later, the same team came back and made this game.This is in many ways, the evolution of Super Stardust. A badass successor. As my engineer brother would say, ""It runs slick as sh*t off a shiny shovel."" And what a shiny shovel it is. This thing is POLISHED, this thing is BEAUTIFUL, and most importantly, this thing is ADDICTIVE.Time has been very good to Housemarque."
76561197975267600,Recommended,404540,32606636,Posted: 20 June,all,Kuedo,CAUTION: This game may cause bleeding in & around the eye area. 10/10
,Recommended,404540,34307316,Posted: 17 August,all,VulcanJew,"Fun but overpriced. I finished the entire campaign in less than an hour. If you like replaying the same levels over and over, you may get more mileage than I did, but I don't enjoy that kind of thing."
,Recommended,404540,33256741,Posted: 4 July,all,Knight Lunaaire,epic
76561198087540527,Recommended,404540,32624478,Posted: 21 June,all,killzonevic,My thumbs are hurting... :-)
76561198248662162,Recommended,404540,32624026,Posted: 21 June,all,Coop340,the music reminds me of stranger things :)
,Recommended,404540,34499454,Posted: 26 August,all,Chonto,this game does everything right
,Recommended,404540,32749041,Posted: 24 June,all,Skumdog,Beautiful game!
,Recommended,404540,32594519,Posted: 20 June,all,wedusk101,Twin Stick Heaven 10/10
,Recommended,404540,32895995,Posted: 27 June,all,Sir.Edlin,Pure fun :)
76561198168825454,Recommended,404540,34251535,Posted: 15 August,all,achoi1225,"Housemarque is one of the leading developers of this genre.  It wouldn't be a stretch to say that every twin stick shooter they have released thus far have been of stellar quality, and I've played them all.  I highly recommend Nex Machina along with their other releases, especially Alienation (PS4)."
,Recommended,404540,34371721,Posted: 20 August,all,Liquain,"Once you start to get a hang of it, you're gone. Every aspect of the game I can of think is implemented so well that it feels like a crime to buy this for its current price.The gameplay is so addictive, pumping your blood with adrenaline on each stage and pushing you forward. Even the lowest difficulty can at times bust your balls in case you play for score. And you should. The scoring system is what gives the game its seemingly chaotic nature, which a player has to conquer. And to do that you have to come up with a strategy for each stage and for each encounter. At this point fundamental simplistic gameplay design starts to show its true potential and depth.The next primary drive of the game is the BGM, which is of the highest quality and fits to the action perfectly. The OST absolutely deserves to be listened to separately. The are no problems with the sound effects as well - every explosion and every power-up pickup feel distinct and satysfying.And again: it's a steal."
76561197970383618,Not Recommended,404540,34494905,Posted: 25 August,all,Griff38,"Boring and souless, it's a fantastic demo of a beautiful graphics engine but the gameplay quickly falls into a boring been there done that lump of clay.  I'm a huge fan of retro games and can play the old arcade cabinets for hours.  I was looking forward to Nex Machina knowing that Jarvis was involved with the project, so it pains me to write a negative review.I just found it boring, there was nothing pushing me or drawing me back to the game, it has polish but no play.Run, shoot, run - rinse and repeat until it's over after 5 levels.Robotron is still one of my all time favorites, this game lasted around 20 minutes before the boredom set in."
76561198022466900,Recommended,404540,32593419,Posted: 20 June,all,Cybernetik,"awesome visual aesthetics + killer soundtrack + addictive, intense, fast paced gameplay = Nex machina = instant purchase"
76561197992529917,Recommended,404540,33166215,Posted: 2 July,all,rcshaw60,tight
76561198004121262,Recommended,404540,33086136,Posted: 1 July,all,Grim,Yes i do
,Recommended,404540,34082941,Posted: 7 August,all,TRΞMΛN,Big time good
76561198062469063,Recommended,404540,34002966,Posted: 3 August,all,Mr Minalga,"Oh,Daddy just got transformed back to 1990 but its now...No wait its your bull???I sell brake pads."
,Not Recommended,404540,34808006,Posted: 7 September,all,Expert Button Presser,Looks cool but is an extremely repetitive memorization based shooter. One needs fatal amounts of alcohol to stand to redo the beginning stages the thousands of times it takes to figure out the rest of them.
76561198009426944,Not Recommended,404540,32625654,Posted: 21 June,all,Lama Swag,"Incredibly short, lasts for 55 minutes and then the credits roll.No mouse cursor which makes it difficult to aim as you don't know how far away the cursor is from the center of the screen. Fullscreen isn't fullscreen most of the time, and Fullscreen Windowed shows the start menu.. != fullscreen.Great soundtrack and really cool art style, but has a lot of problems."
76561198014685360,Not Recommended,404540,33090233,Posted: 1 July,all,HELL ON EARTH,"This is a great shoot em up, but feel for the price and what content there is, well it's to expensive.For a game at £14.99 it is alot of money for a game which I have heard you can go through in under one hour, and when you consider you can buy alot of AAA titles on steam for that price or less like the new Doom game as a example which is on sale at the moment, and that's just one game to mention.So I really want to give a big thumbs up, but until they add alot more content like levels,new World's and bosses then I have to thumb it down for  now, but really wish there was a option for half a thumbs up.So iam not saying it's a bad game, but just needs somemore content added,but so far what is there is  good.Also I gave it a thumbs down to,well hoping the development team would see this and improve  on it.🤔😊"
76561197988224333,Recommended,404540,34941670,Posted: 13 September,all,Pakevictor,█▀▀ㅤ █ ㅤ █ㅤ █ㅤ █ㅤ▀▀█▀▀ㅤㅤ█ㅤ █ㅤ █▀▀▄▀▀█ㅤ█▀▀█ㅤ █ㅤ █ㅤ ㅤ █ㅤㅤㅤ █ ㅤ █ㅤ █ ㅤ █▀▀▀ㅤ▀ ㅤ▀ㅤ ▀▀▀▀ㅤㅤ ▀ㅤㅤ ㅤ ▀▀▀▀ㅤ █▀▀ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ▄▀▀▄ㅤ█▀▀▄ㅤ █▀▀▄ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ█▄▄█ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ█ㅤ █ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤ█▄▄▀─────███────██──────████───███────────████──███─────────████─█████████████──██████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████─────█████████████████────────██████████──█───────────█████──────────────████──────────────█────────▄███████▄██───███▄▄──▄▄███──────▄██$█████$██▄██──█▀───▀███────█───▄██$█████████$██▄██──█───█──██───█─█──█$█████████████$███──█──────██─────█──███████████████████──██────██▀█───█─────██████████████─█───██████──▀████───────███████████──────────────────█───────█████████─────────────▀▀████──────███████████────────────────█▀──────██───████▀─▀█────────────────▀█──────█─────▀█▀───█──▄▄▄▄▄▄▄────────██────█───████▀───██─█████████████────▀█──█───███▀──▄▄██─█▀██▀██▀████▀█████▀──█───██████▀─▀█─█────────█▄─────────██───████▀───██─██▄████▄──██────────██───██──▄▄▄██──██▄▄▄▄▄██▀─────────██──█████▀───█─────────███────────███████▄────███────────███████─────█████████████───────▄██████████████████████████████─██████████████████─────────██████████████────────███████████───────█████──────████─────████ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ▀▀█▀▀ㅤ█▀▀█ㅤ█ㅤ▄█ㅤ█▀▀ㅤㅤ ㅤㅤ ㅤ ㅤㅤ█ ㅤㅤ█▄▄█ㅤ█▀▀▄ ㅤ█▀▀ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ▀ㅤ ㅤ▀ㅤ ▀ㅤ▀ㅤㅤ▀ㅤ▀▀▀█▀▄▀█ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤ ㅤ█▀▄▀█ ▄▀▀▄ █▀▀▄ █▀▀ █ ㅤ █ㅤ██─▀─█ㅤ█▄▄█ㅤㅤ █─▀─█ █ ㅤ █ █ ㅤ █ █▀▀ █▄▄█ㅤ██ㅤㅤ █ㅤ▄▄▄█ㅤ ㅤ█ㅤㅤ█ ─▀▀ ─ ▀ ㅤ ▀ ▀▀▀ ▄▄▄█ㅤ▄
76561198030787887,Not Recommended,404540,32836160,Posted: 26 June,all,Cujo,"Once you get past the graphics, the game is boring as bat♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Not Recommended,404540,32705439,Posted: 23 June,all,Suigeneris_,"Wow, just wow... what a dissapointment this game was. I'm a HUGE fan of the developer. I literally own EVERY SINGLE game made by Housemarque, this is the first one I cannot recommend. I'll explain why below.1) The game modes are incredibly vague. They dont properly explain the difference between Arcade, Single world, etc. Turns out, you cant unlock other worlds outside of the arcade mode, which is absolutely ridiculous, because THERE IS NO SAVE SYSTEM. You're expected to play through the ENTIRE game in ONE SITTING. If you dont do this, you cant ""beat"" the game, and you cant unlock new worlds or progress. Say for example, you beat worlds 1 & 2, and you want to call it quits for the night and jump into world 3 tomorrow, you cant. This is not an option, the game would make you start all over again from world 1. Every.Single.Time... Most people don't have the attention span or time to play through all 5 worlds in one sitting. There's no reason to not let players save progress at the beginning of every world.2) The game is INFURIATINGLY difficult. It might be the hardest and most unfair game I have ever played in my entire life, and this is coming from somone who got a platitum trophy in Resogun, which means I beat that entire game on the hardest difficulty, and without dying once. I also got a platinum on Alienation, which is an absolutely incredible game, also made by this developer. I'm not a stranger when it comes to challenge, but this game is ♥♥♥♥ing IMPOSSIBLE. To make matters worse, there is no way to adjust the difficulty, at all. the only thing you can do is control the number of continues you get, which does nothing to correct the balancing of the game. To give you an idea of how difficult this game is, the DEFAULT setting for continues is 99!!!! Which means they expect you to need up to 100 continues to get through the game, which is insane considering you have to die multiple times in order for the continue screen to trigger, which means you'll die at least 500 times in order to get through the game, and this is assuming you can even make it past world 2, which I could not. Your primary weapon is incredibly slow and weak, and there is no real progression system to even out the odds when it comes to your abilities or weapon selection.3) Lack of proper controller support. The Xbox One controller is not officially supported, which is ridiculous. The Xbox 360 controller WILL work, but it's a collosal pain in the♥♥♥♥♥to get working, as the game doesnt natively recognize it, you have to go into the settings and force it to switch from keyboard and then enable the xbox 360 controller support as if this were a Steam controller. It's absurd considering this game was designed from the ground up with a controller in mind.I own over 170 games on Steam. I have never, ever requested a refund for any game, but I'm requesting one for this game. It's a complete and utter waste of money in it's current state."
76561198071530389,Recommended,404540,32609554,Posted: 20 June,all,ϟ Blissful ϟ,12 am: See I want to sleep. But I also want to play this game...  But again I need sleep.... But I still want to play this game... But I also really should sleep.... But I also want to play this game...  But again I need sleep.... But I still want to play this game... But I also really should sleep.... But I also want to play this game...  But again I need sleep.... But I still want to play this game... But I also really should sleep.... But I also want to play this game...  But again I need sleep.... But I still want to play this game... But I also really should sleep.... But I also want to play this game...  But again I need sleep.... But I still want to play this game... But I also really should sleep.... But I also want to play this game...  But again I need sleep.... But I still want to play this game... But I also really should sleep.... But I also want to play this game...  But again I need sleep.... But I still want to play this game... But I also really should sleep.... But I also want to play this game...  But again I need sleep.... But I still want to play this game... But I also really should sleep.... But I also want to play this game...  But again I need sleep.... But I still want to play this game... But I also really should sleep.... But I also want to play this game...  But again I need sleep.... But I still want to play this game... But I also really should sleep.... But I also want to play this game...  But again I need sleep.... But I still want to play this game... But I also really should sleep.... But I also want to play this game...  But again I need sleep.... But I still want to play this game... But I also really should sleep.... But I also want to play this game...  But again I need sleep.... But I still want to play this game... But I also really should sleep.... But I also want to play this game...  But again I need sleep.... But I still want to play this game... But I also really should sleep.... But I also want to play this game...  But again I need sleep.... But I still want to play this game... But I also really should sleep.... But I also want to play this game...  But again I need sleep.... But I still want to play this game... But I also really should sleep.... But I also want to play this game...  But again I need sleep.... But I still want to play this game... But I also really should sleep.... But I also want to play this game...  But again I need sleep.... But I still want to play this game... But I also really should sleep.... But I also want to play this game...  But again I need sleep.... But I still want to play this game... But I also really should sleep.... But I also want to play this game...  But again I need sleep.... But I still want to play this game... But I also really should sleep.... But I also want to play this game...  But again I need sleep.... But I still want to play this game... But I also really should sleep.... But I also want to play this game...  But again I need sleep.... But I still want to play this game... But I also really should sleep.... But I also want to play this game...  But again I need sleep.... But I still want to play this game... But I also really should sleep.... But I also want to play this game...  But again I need sleep.... But I still want to play this game... But I also really should sleep.... But I also want to play this game...  But again I need sleep.... But I still want to play this game... But I also really should sleep.... But I also want to play this game...  But again I need sleep.... But I still want to play this game... But I also really should sleep.... But I also want to play this game...  But again I need sleep.... But I still want to play this game... But I also really should sleep.... But I also want to play this game...  But again I need sleep.... But I still want to play this game... But I also really should sleep.... But I also want to play this game...  But again I need sleep.... But I still want to play this game... But I also really should sleep.... But I also want to play this game...  But again I need sleep.... But I still want to play this game... But I also really should sleep.... But I also want to play this game...  But again I need sleep.... But I still want to play this game... But I also really should sleep.... But I also want to play this game...  But again I need sleep.... But I still want to play this game... But I also really should sleep.... But I also want to play this game...  But again I need sleep.... But I still want to play this game... But I also really should sleep.... But I also want to play this game...  But again I need sleep.... But I still want to play this game... But I also really should sleep.... But I also want to play this game...  But again I need sleep.... But I still want to play this game... But I also really should sleep.... But I also want to play this game...  But again I need sleep.... But I still want to play this game... But I also really should sleep.... But I also want to play this game...  But again I need sleep.... But I still want to play this game... But I also really should sleep.... But I also want to play this game...  But again I need sleep.... But I still want to play this game... But I also really should sleep.... But I also want to play this game...  But again I need sleep.... But I still want to play this game... But I also really should sleep.... But I also want to play this game...  But again I need sleep.... But I still want to play this game... But I also really should sleep.... But I also want to play this game...  But again I need sleep.... But I still want to play this game... But I also really should sleep.... But I also want to play this game...  But again I need sleep.... But I still want to play this game... But I also really should sleep.... But I also want to play this game...  But again I need sleep.... But I still want to play this game... But I also really should sleep.... But I also want to play this game...  But again I need sleep.... But I still want to play this game... But I also really should sleep....Ah ♥♥♥♥ it one more go.
76561198198425087,Not Recommended,404540,33183892,Posted: 3 July,all,xX_JoyfulSon9487_Xx,It would be good if Mouse Cursor can be shown.
,Recommended,404540,32592343,Posted: 20 June,all,CULT|icycalm,"Good game, but no online co-op in a game of this type from a developer of this stature in 2017? Seriously?Game of the Year Awards (1962-present):http://culture.vg/reviews/awards/game-of-the-year.htmlVideogame Culture:http://culture.vg/features/art-theory.html"
,Not Recommended,404540,32624890,Posted: 21 June,all,Mertado,"Hmmmm...For a twin stick shooter (developers description, not mine), the game doesn't support gamepads?Regardless of what the description claims, the game doesn't recognize my 360 controller, PLUS the majority of the onscreen keyboard prompts for keyboard/mouse control are WRONG. Tapping E does nothing.Fix please."
76561198021010403,Not Recommended,404540,32622269,Posted: 21 June,all,EDTAkiller,"Fun game, but theres no cursor visual other than that silly arrow around your character.  you have no idea how far away your mouse is to your character and hence you always over/underestimate how far to move your mouse to AIM.  I didnt see an option to toggle it on/off either.....did I miss it?UNINSTALLING, geting refundWOULD NOT BUY!!!!!!!!!!!!"
,Recommended,404540,32593634,Posted: 20 June,all,NameLesS,why no CHN?   WHY I CAN STILL SEE MY MOUSE EVEN IN THE GAMEPLAY???why sensitive is so hard to set?where is the story?i dont know what im doing in the game !even !!   no!!!    tutorial!!!!!!!等一个更新 游戏还是不错的
,Not Recommended,404540,32592867,Posted: 20 June,all,Kan3da.,"Spark didnt catch. I like Twin Stick games and it looks good enough, but somethings just off for me.The music is extremely hard trying to be the Furi Soundtrack but lacks the atmospheric breathing space that Furi had.All in all it makes me want to play Furi again.  Ill stick with it a little while longer but not getting my hopes up.Again:- The music is cool, 80s powervibe in the veins of Furi, Blood Dragon, HL Miami etc.- The controls are rocksolid, timing is cool- The voxelengine looks nice, all that crazy particles are killerBut it doesnt have... ""It"".The weapons dont feel very powerful, you basically have the GWars triangles to shoot with and the secondaries mostly fall flat for me. This game just tries to have that killer vibe with the motorcycle helmet, the music, but the enemies are boring, uninspiring generic machines. The 80s thing needs revenge, investment... rage!!!And this is somehow not inducing any.Its a personal thing, but if your like me and try to ""f+++ y+++!"" your screen youll probably be disappointed. Especially with ""Ruiner"" right around the corner.Thanks for reading"
76561198040743165,Not Recommended,404540,32611492,Posted: 20 June,all,sqwidee,"Can't recommend for PC users in its current state. Graphic options are bare bones and even with maxed out settings the game is blurry as if the rendering is not at 100% resolution. The game doesn't even hit anything higher than 80fps during play, which is inexcusable given the low graphical quality of the game overall. Mouse and keyboard controls are♥♥♥♥♥♥poor as well.Gameplay seems really fun especially for couch co-op but with the state of the graphics I simply can't recommend.EDIT:wow the fanboy response is hilarious. Why would I give this game a positive? Sure, the actual gameplay is super fun with a controller, but why would I recommend the game when the graphics ruin the whole experience? The rendering is so blurry that you can't even see the enemies or the bullets clearly in the heat of battle. With a few graphical fixes and a price tag under $10 this would have been a 100% recommend based on how good the twinstick gameplay is...Don't be blind to a game's issues. That's how we get EA games."
76561198024845522,Recommended,404540,33117209,Posted: 1 July,all,Inviktys,I got it because1) Great game2) I want more Housemarque games for pcand you should too
76561198359800693,Recommended,404540,33116210,Posted: 1 July,all,Raoul Duke,Absolute blast of an old school arcade shooter!
,Recommended,404540,32596236,Posted: 20 June,all,Sycharth,"This review is for launch day: I will update it if the game changes.I have an UW resolution monitor (3440x1440) and the game does not support it in full screen without the horrible bars on both sides.Also I have a razer sabertooth controller and despite the intricated way of choosing the controller inside the game options, It does nothing at all. My char just stays mid screen dying over and over again without the controller being recognised.I have played today Enslaved: Journey to the west, a game launched in 2012 with controller support and 3440x1440p resolution support through .ini files editing.This is simply not acceptable.Edit for the fanboys on the hate bandwagon:This controller is a Xbox 360 controller with just a different skin and extra game modes made from razer. It has been in the market for years. It works with all my other steam games that support a controller and it looks like that I have a few hundred games.By the way, last time I checked this is 2017 and 3440x1440 is a resolution that exists in 2017.How come a company expect to launch a game that is based on quick gameplay and arcade style graphics and not even support the latest resolutions?My game review will follow and will be expanded when I CAN ACTUALLY play the game with my controller.Edit from 04/07/2017:Test Patch launched that supports 21:9 resolution.Repurchased the game and the test patch DOES Support 21:9 and everything is beautiful on my MX34VQ monitor.Controller was detected and worked perfectly.The game is amazing and the sound is just reminiscent of the old 80's and 90's arcade parlours.Graphics are just made of wonderful melting explosions and everything is smooth as silk on my system.My right thumb is hurting as I have worn out the right analogue stick from playing so much.Please make it stop... I ... Can´t... stop ... playing....Congratulations for the quick support on adding 21:9 support. It's not 100% fullscreen but 95% is good enough for me. Also all the controller issues are gone.Review has been changed to positive and the game is highly recommended.These developers deliver."
76561198058861642,Recommended,404540,33142515,Posted: 2 July,all,Chuck LePlant,"Does not work on AMD cpuEdit (1):AMD Phenom II x4 965, ~3.4GhzAccording to some post by the devs they only support modern CPUs, can't recall which models. It will not work unless they patch the game apparently.Edit (2):After simmering down I realized the devs did put explicitly that my CPU is not compatible in their system requirements. I bought it for PS4 and it's just too good not to recommend it. GG Housemarque"
76561197968346628,Recommended,404540,33240363,Posted: 4 July,all,ramjet,"Needs a few tweaks to make it more responsive.TAB key is used to select changes to display setting and graphic for that key is not intuitive(spent ages thinking it was left and right arrows...duh) Plays ok, although graphics are a little over busy ( could do with less landscape detail to allow for more clarity for player/baddie sprites.Small platforms on some levels make for a slightly claustrophobic feel.Good and getting there hoping future updates will give it that Williams Arcade feel and response..."
76561197961523754,Recommended,404540,33382825,Posted: 8 July,all,tride,i like the game !but please... add a mouse cursor
,Recommended,404540,33376979,Posted: 8 July,all,ziphrax,"Really fun, fast and addictive. Shorter then I was expecting, but replay value comes from mastering the harder difficulties."
76561198065450499,Recommended,404540,32687998,Posted: 23 June,all,darkscream117,I love the music and the throwback to Robotron!
76561198052917162,Recommended,404540,32890005,Posted: 27 June,all,Jon Snowboot,"As someone who trys to stay away from bullet hell rouge likes, this game is ♥♥♥♥ing amazingggggg. I admit the controls are a bit simple but I assure you the game IS NOT. Tons of secrets to look for and the levels get suuuuper hard and the bosses are great, definitely buy on sale if you like twin sticks"
76561198224905980,Recommended,404540,32940961,Posted: 28 June,all,Are521051,"I can't recommend this game enough.You blast through level after level as hoards of enemies come rushing your way in their fruitless and desperate attempt to annihilate you, oblivious to the fact they are about to be blown to smithereens.When you play this on Rookie ....From that point onwards I highly recommend adding a mirror to you PC setup so you can watch yourself as hilarity and desperation ensue in the moment you restart that same level for what feels like the 10,000 time (in reality probably 1,000) and leave all house- and schoolwork unfinished, pets to their own hunger games and all your friends behind as your addiction reaches infinite levels.So hop on and make your parents proud of you by attaining a rank among the top-5 players in the world and seek comfort in the leaderboards as you seemingly are not the only nerd taking it way too far with this.11/10 ... would get Tenosynovitis again"
,Recommended,404540,32970413,Posted: 28 June,all,NOITES EM CLARO E O LOLÓ,Incredibly hardcore bullet hell that really delivers what it claims.
,Recommended,404540,32631522,Posted: 21 June,all,BudduhSwagg,"It is so hard to find a good game nowdays, but luckily this is one of the few.Pros:Fast paced yet relaxing gameplayOnly competitive if you want it to beHigh difficulty level even on easyThe colors are so vivid they make my eyes bleedThe music puts me into some variation of psychadelic tranceI feel I am wearing a robot helmet on a motor cycleCons:cons"
,Recommended,404540,32636223,Posted: 22 June,all,nintendude794,"If you enjoy Resogun or Geometry Wars or other even more layered and deep arcade action score-chasers, Nex Machina is your game."
76561198015631704,Recommended,404540,32638588,Posted: 22 June,all,AntonioMontegio,"Super fun arcade experiance, can get a bit hard when you start getting killed in a loop and lose all your gadets, but as a skilled based game it's very well balanced and gives you all the tools to succeed. It's very resposive and playing it at 144fps makes it feel mesmerizing. The only think i wasn't liking much was the sound for the guns - it feel like they could have use bit more punch and make them feel more retro-realistic rather than what they went for. It's a minor thing and the game is so frantic that you prob won't notice it much. For the price this is a must play for acrade shooter fans - game also emphasizes strategy a lot more than you may initialy think when it comes to targeting the key enemies or not triggering next waves too soon."
76561198051887753,Recommended,404540,32634908,Posted: 21 June,all,eddrr372,"Early review / first impressions;Here's a few games I've been reminded of  in my first hour of playing Nex Machina;Several BBC Micro, one of which was 'Pipeline'Dark souls (PC)Firefight (PC)Colourful, fast and has an awesome sountrack. I've only sampled the basic and single player modes as yet, but I'll definately be playing more."
76561198001816322,Recommended,404540,32631807,Posted: 21 June,all,orborborb,"Simply the best twin stick shooter. Nothing is randomly generated or perfunctory, every level and every difficulty setting challenges you in a DIFFERENT way and most are full of secrets. No experience points or ability trees or downtime. Always just a few more things to think about than you can hold in your brain at once. Other games would impress with this game's graphics and music, but they are actually the least of what's great about this game.Easier modes are not there as a grudging “win the game” mode for casual players, but to lead them to becoming better players, this is harder to design. The player both gets to feel what it’s like to be better at the game while still constantly having encouragement to improve exactly the skills they will need in the harder difficulties.And the secrets teach you how to play better. They are discoverable and exciting by accident, but in order to find additional layers of more and more subtle secrets you have to make your dodging and shooting of enemies more and more automatic. They get you to always take as much focus as possible away from the immediate threats to put it on longer term goals, and there are many layers of longer term goals that never feel like stuff there just for the obsessive players, but direct extensions and enhancements of the experience you want to have."
,Recommended,404540,32622175,Posted: 21 June,all,MaxiMkIV,"A few years back I remember saying ""I wish someone would make a new Smash TV or Total Carnage! That'd be awesome!"" Well clearly Housemarque and the creator of those games, Eugene Jarvis were somehow listening and decided to follow up with a spiritual successor called ""Nex Machina"". In typical fashion this is a twin stick shoot 'em up that I'd say feels more like Total Carnage than Smash TV (which is a good thing as all these games are awesome). It's pure arcade excellence, and runs smoother than butter (on my 5 year old machine). The plot is super simple you are a hero sent to destroy machines and save humans that are scattered through levels. So basically Kill robots, kill the bosses but don't get killed. The art style is really enjoyable, with neon blasting around the arenas, cables bursting out of the almost organic worlds and voxels flying everywhere when you destroy the enemies. The enemies are quite varied both visually and mentally as each has different styles to fight (much like you'd expect from this genre of games). Nex Machina also includes yet another incredible soundtrack which many of Housemarque's games are well known for, this time adopting a Retro Synthwave style to go with the retro arcade gameplay (I am looking forward to Housemarque releasing the soundtrack alone, as it's just that good). So what about gameplay? Well much of it was covered it's a twin stick shoot 'em up, where you progress through levels and fight an end level boss whilst surviving hordes of robots. There's secrets to find which can contribute to your high score and there's power-ups to make you ultimate hero and bane of machines! As of right now there is 3 different modes Arcade; classic get from the beginning to end. Arena; earn unlockables and rank up with modifiers changing the gameplay, also this mode updates. And finally Single World; where you pick a level (must be unlocked via Arcade play) and play through just that world. Knowing Housemarque they will likely release a Season Pass (which is usally quite cheap) and it will expand gameplay options further and with Arena constantly updating things are looking really good for Nex Machina. Just prepare to rage, because this genre can be rage inducing.""Good luck! You'll need it!"""
76561198063326640,Recommended,404540,32621980,Posted: 21 June,all,dark-hero-18,"When you like Twin-Stick-Shooters, you will like this one as well."
,Recommended,404540,32622064,Posted: 21 June,all,Wstrs,This game is pure gold. Best arcade Twin-Stick shooter i've ever had the pleasure of playing.If you're into this kind of games you MUST NOT miss this one.
76561198070874289,Recommended,404540,32621806,Posted: 21 June,all,zetathix,"Fast action bullet hell, flashy graphic.Don't think, do it. If you think, you died.DEATH WILL COME IN A FLASH."
,Recommended,404540,32628241,Posted: 21 June,all,Rav_A.R.K,"good till you reach Helltron then its♥♥♥♥♥♥ because its impossible to beat, even on co-op."
,Recommended,404540,32628623,Posted: 21 June,all,Binary Daoist,"Modern day twin stick arcade shooter?  This is ""it""."
,Recommended,404540,32632966,Posted: 21 June,all,Twitch.tv/dFl3xter,This game is fantastic - extremely addictive and that music.. omgawd that music gives my ears ♥♥♥♥♥♥s for days. - Pick this up guys.
76561197970465123,Recommended,404540,32635687,Posted: 21 June,all,Billy13,"Slick as hell with no let ups or pauses. Reflexes won't be enough here, you are going to have to think on your feet just to stay alive, never mind saving all the humans and finding the secrets.Weapon pickups are mighty and really change the rhythm of the game.Could there ever be a Resogun port?.."
,Recommended,404540,32626802,Posted: 21 June,all,kriptosporidium,"It's the quintessential arcade game. Blazingly fast with zero downtime, simple controls that are also as tight as can be, visual  and audio design polished to a shine, and a couple of little design elements that massively improve gameplay all add together to make a perfect storm. It's run-perfecting, mastary-rewarding, robot-murdering crack."
76561197972734792,Recommended,404540,32630135,Posted: 21 June,all,Grampire,20 minutes in and I already know that I'll play this game forever.
,Recommended,404540,32627910,Posted: 21 June,all,strEEtfox,"Ok-ish, but I'm not hooked like with Alienation. Love the Soundtrack. I support the PC version."
76561198115401533,Recommended,404540,32605092,Posted: 20 June,all,Bozs-Haagen-Dazs,#THISGAMEISGOOD
,Recommended,404540,32597736,Posted: 20 June,all,apoksenosi,Pure addiction !!!
76561198047343761,Recommended,404540,32606254,Posted: 20 June,all,Lalgerino91,awesome just bought it to support house marque on pc because i loved resogun and i got that one for free on ps+it is even harder then resogun but dont buy it if you have epileptic seizures some boss fights flash a lot ;p
76561198148518365,Recommended,404540,32598004,Posted: 20 June,all,Exerion76,"Robotron 2084 is my favorite arcadegame of all times, and since Jarvis was involved in Nex Machina, I was hoping for the ultimate spiritual sequel to Robotron.And that is EXACTLY what I got!This is the best twin stick shooter in decades.A magnificent feast when it comes to the audio/visuals, and the controls are spot on!I really need to build a dedicated twin stick arcade cabinet for this glorious game! :)Highly recommended!!"
,Recommended,404540,32605218,Posted: 20 June,all,KRiSX,"Fantastic to see this on PC, only played a few minutes before work but seriously like what I saw and it released just in time for my birthday today :D great present :DIt is a shame it doesn't fill my 21:9 display, but at the same time I can't see how it would work if it did, at least it isn't stretched or anything... they actually acknowledge the existence of 21:9 and put a simple background image on the sides (maybe this can be changed to something cooler looking?)Runs great, looks great, is great... get on it!"
76561198143377847,Recommended,404540,32605613,Posted: 20 June,all,Simatron3000,Old school gameplay with cutting edge technology and a relentless techno synth soundtrack. Fantastic buttery performance with a near locked 165fps at 1440p on a 1080ti/4790k.Just buy it.
76561197976404583,Recommended,404540,32601689,Posted: 20 June,all,)|( chaos )|(,"do you like robotron? well, if you're not epileptic, then nex machina is the closest thing you will ever get to the original in modern form. seriously.blast robots. save humans. find secrets. stay alive. don't have a seizure."
,Recommended,404540,32607217,Posted: 20 June,all,Deadlock,"Great game, love the design and music."
,Recommended,404540,32599630,Posted: 20 June,all,mightydog080665,"Great twin stick shooter, Smooth as butter, Great music... As leaderboards plus you can watch replays of gamers trying get top scores per level...loving it so far,,,,highly recommended...very adictive just one more go for that  top score, Well done to the developers hope they bring more top notch games to pc."
,Recommended,404540,32603029,Posted: 20 June,all,Xempt,"What you see is what you get, but it gets hard. Open your third eye and the challenge is endless."
,Recommended,404540,32603412,Posted: 20 June,all,c▲z,"The game is absolutely amazing to play. Whoevers idea it was to add the voxel type effect to everything really adds depth to the world.Runs as smooth as butter on a nvidia 1060 6gb and once you've played through the arcade mode once, you won't want to put the game down, addictive!"
,Recommended,404540,32610599,Posted: 20 June,all,Acey Winters,"Nex Machina... wow wow WOW.... Housemarque has done it again! This is an extremely well done arcade style game and you can definetely tell where it's inspiration is from, considering the creator of Smash TV and Robotron 2084 (both games I loved as a kid) helped make this game. The twin-stick shooter genre has always been a staple for me in games since I was a kid. I've been a fan of Housemarque's games all the way back to Super Stardust, a little game that was kind of like Asteroids in the late 90s. This was later remastered for the PSP and PS3 and spawned many more Super Stardust games.  Housemarque's previous title, Resogun, is one of my current favorite games to play on my PSVITA and I wish it would come to PC, but sadly that doesn't seem to be happening, but that's ok! Nex Machina MORE than makes up for it! It's fast, frenetic, and keeps you on your toes with constant action, from dodging enemy fire, lasers, dashing around to save humans for that sweet score multiplier, and collecting several different weapon power-ups to blow the baddies to literal bits of cubes. The voxel driven look of this game is very similar to what was used in Resogun, but seems to be cranked up even higher than before! At the time of this review, there is currently only single player, and local co-op, and I'd like to see online multi-player added at some point. If you're a huge fan of arcade games or twin-stick shooter/bullet hell style games, I totally recommend this!"
76561198348185124,Recommended,404540,32625566,Posted: 21 June,all,JOHNNYRINGO 152,"If you are lucky enough to remember popping quarters (or tokens) into arcade titles such as Smash TV, Ikari Warriors, or Commando…then do yourself a favor and pick this up.  Old school arcade fun, new school intensity and graphics.  Beautiful game, lots of eye candy.  Soundtrack is electronic and very well done.  Menu sounds give a good retro pop to the feel.I have no cons for this title.  As advertised, straight up arcade bliss."
76561198077849193,Recommended,404540,32625575,Posted: 21 June,all,Misnomer,"Fast, addictive, has lots of variety to keep you going."
,Recommended,404540,32625390,Posted: 21 June,all,djsamibop,Twin Stick Bullet Hell at it's finest.
76561198237163250,Recommended,404540,32594246,Posted: 20 June,all,Limit Break,"Amazing game, runs perfect with no problems what so ever."
,Recommended,404540,32651929,Posted: 22 June,all,MaxPower,"Amazing soundtrack and addictive gameplay. There's lots of secrets and incentive to replay and get better. Get this if your a fan of games like robotron, geometry wars and bullet hell style games"
,Recommended,404540,32610430,Posted: 20 June,all,bob13186,"Elite of twin-stick shooters, awesome soundtrack, beautiful graphics and lots of stuff to learn and to master.Some awesome Diablo 3 feel also in this one."
76561197977553789,Recommended,404540,32610300,Posted: 20 June,all,[SPA] Billywitchdoctordotcom,"This game is insanely awesome: gameplay, visuals, soundtrack... i'm addicted."
,Recommended,404540,32613122,Posted: 21 June,all,Joshimitsu,"One of the most fun games I've ever played. It has great visuals, sound and gameplay mechanics and a lot of replayability. 10/10, I can't recommend this game enough."
76561198239401666,Recommended,404540,32611186,Posted: 20 June,all,Living Will,Particle simulator 9000. Be sure to have a change of pants nearby as well.
,Recommended,404540,32615300,Posted: 21 June,all,eljueta,"It's pretty good! I'm not a huge fan of bullet hell twin stick shooters, but this just controls so well! Will be playing it a lot more for sure!"
76561198187997271,Recommended,404540,32641828,Posted: 22 June,all,kaibosh,"This game is the best twin stick shooter since Geometry Wars 2.  Everything about it is perfect.  You teeter on the edge of being overwhelmed with stimulus and yet somehow managing to stay in control no matter how hairy things get.  The voxel style of the engine is superb.  There is a lot of meat on the bone, with excellent game design behind arcade modes and pure old school score chasing.  As frantic as things are at all times, you also have gobs of secrets and bonus stuff to chase if you can just abandon all pretext of caution and push as reckless as your skillz can get you.You don't need to read any reviews of this game.  Spend the $15 and one minute into the game is all you need.  This isn't just another collection of pretty effects and phoned in 'arcade game of the week'.  The team behind this love what they do, and every little part of it has been tuned to perfection."
,Recommended,404540,34736718,Posted: 4 September,all,LoneWolf,"-Bought the game-Tried playing with keyboard, hated it-bought myself a controller and started playing again-Felt confused and shocked on being thrown right into the game without a tutorial♥♥♥♥♥♥my pants seeing the pace of action in the game-had good hand to eye coordination, game successfully f*cked it up-tried saving humans first, got killed-tried killing bots and save humans later, went on to the next area automatically without saving them-picked up a hell lot of powerups, got killed and lost them all,-Finally defeated the boss and seeing the humans i didn't save *OCD triggered*-Never even blinked for a secondAn excellent game with the pace way beyond normal... just make sure you have a contrller, trust me11/10 would get confused a shoot like a madman all over the place."
76561197970754741,Recommended,404540,34758388,Posted: 5 September,all,Boone,"Like Smash TV, but better."
76561198166396802,Recommended,404540,33635491,Posted: 18 July,all,AL3,-
,Recommended,404540,33754409,Posted: 23 July,all,[KOR] Rin,"So how does this game play exactly?- Imagine you play Smash TV with a flashy graphicsSo If I trying to give you some run down for this game...- No story or narrative. It's straight up arcade game that takes 40~50 minutes to beat a run.- No precedurally generated levels- PS4 controller is the best option to play this game (Keyboard and Mouse controls feels counter intuitive due to the fact that you have to move mouse left and right to control the radius of the cursor)- 5 different types of difficulties that you can choose from.. and all of them are doable depending on your player skills- Arena mode is basically mission mode that you can earn in game currency to buy customizable items- There are 6 types of weapon power ups, while the balancing of these weapons still desired, but overall all these weapons encourages to you to play different play style.- There are 5 types of character power ups. This is more of upgrade items that you can keep until you die.- The game gives you 3 lives when you start the game, if you ran out of lives you get that the countdown just like the old arcade game- The credits are differ by the difficulty that you choose. If you ran out of credits, then yes it's game over- There are 15 levels per each worlds. And there are 6 worlds in the game. So again approximately take 40~50 minutes to beat the run.- There are a lot of score attacking option, so if you are interested in this type of stuff. You would most likely to enjoy the game more than average player.- If you just like to beat difficult challenge without much of score attacking, that is fine too. You still have plenty of challenges in the game without much of constant down time or anything.- You can also make replay video a lot more easier by simply going on your rank and watch replays, you can also watch other people replays as well.- No online co-op, but it has local co-op.- If you lose your life you lose your power ups, but you also have to restart the level where you died.- If you died in the boss battle however, you continue to fight a boss- If you lost all of your lives during the boss battle, then you have to restart the boss level again.- That being said some of boss level feels not fair because you lose all of your power ups and you have to restart the boss battle over and over again while you may have hard time dodging all the bullets without your character power ups- Which means the boss level balancing is still need some balancing (Although it's still doable)- So overall it's one of the most convinient twin stick shooter game that you can play.- If you care about genre that you have seen in ""Smash TV"", ""Enter The Gungeon"", ""Nuclear Throne"", ""Robotron 2084"" It's must buy.- If you want to see more story based progression, then this is not recommanded."
76561197968539342,Recommended,404540,33758381,Posted: 23 July,all,Jade_Alpha,"THEY LISTENED AND ADDED 21:9 SUPPORT!Get this game!! Everything about it is awesome,If you are worried about difficulty, it is entirely playable on Rookie and they don't even make you feel like too much of a noob playing on this level."
,Recommended,404540,33773729,Posted: 24 July,all,Neverbound,The purest distillation of Robotron DNA.Inject the electron stream directly toward your optic chiasm.
,Recommended,404540,33796071,Posted: 25 July,all,Stups,I ****ing love/hate this game
,Recommended,404540,33823106,Posted: 26 July,all,lostpatriot,My nerves are shot.  My eyeballs are blood shot.  My thumbs are making a wierd creeking sounds.  What more can I say?
76561198056236289,Recommended,404540,33825433,Posted: 26 July,all,Brayd of Guy,This is now my third favorite game and I'm going to be playing the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of it.Incredibly minor critisism cuz im mad at it right now: Fix that goddamn glitch where the bosses special attack lingers over if you die and use a continue. A game this hard needs you to make sure its being completely fair.
76561198064142762,Recommended,404540,33074729,Posted: 1 July,all,Matsukaze,"Where the hell is the aiming reticule????? I thought it wouldn't make a difference but there's a million enemys on the screen that can spawn anywhere which are my only complaints about this this game but its very engaging,aesthetically its one of the most good looking top downs I ever played ,Very good music with very decent boss battles but it could have been so much better if there was a map editor to extend the life of the game if you blew past the 15 levels.Wait for a bigger discount"
76561198327176746,Recommended,404540,34971135,Posted: 15 September,all,DinkvanStink,"Looks gorgeous, sounds ridiculous and plays like a dream. After retiring the brick they call a PS4, I needed some Housemarque goodness back in my life and boy did they deliver. Fun, frantic and erm did I already say fun? Well worth £15. I'd have more hours in if it weren't for my (undiagnosed but sure I have it) attention deficit disorder/autism."
76561198125988109,Recommended,404540,35013733,Posted: 16 September,all,Salufo,This game looks amazing and plays great.
,Recommended,404540,35078063,Posted: 19 September,all,Wraith,"I would say this game will get your blood pumping, I haven't played a twin stick shooter like this in YEARS!! Loving every difficult obstacle, twist and turn they lead you down. This should be added to any library."
,Recommended,404540,35081207,Posted: 20 September,all,Anjo_Lagrimas,Please for the love of god add online co-op!!
76561198077817241,Recommended,404540,35219523,Posted: 26 September,all,AsuhhDrew,(:
,Recommended,404540,34487438,Posted: 25 August,all,[PBS] Japke90,Love it! Housemarque is my go-to when I'm into a twin-stick shooter mood! Always delivers and this is one of their best. Bought it on PS4 again so I can couch coöp :)
,Recommended,404540,34549040,Posted: 28 August,all,CTRL+FU,"It's not Robotron (which is one of my top five arcade games of all time), but it's probably as close as we're going to get. It's an arena shooter, it's fast and frenetic, and it's easy to let your eyes lose focus and ""get in the zone.""My biggest complaint are the colors. I mean, the game is gorgeous, but there are times when so many different colors are on the screen that I can't see a bullet or enemy because they are obscured by things that are other colors.My second biggest complaint is that it's not Robotron. C'mon Williams, or Midway, or WB (who I think owns them now), just release it on Steam already!If you like twin sticks though, I'd recommend it. They're probably my favorite ""arcadey"" genre, and this is one of the best I've ever played."
,Recommended,404540,34538402,Posted: 27 August,all,Jordan!,https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCRJsZ5d8QdIvaoxCNV9KyLg?app=desktopI'm a huge fan of Housemarque's games and Nex Machina truly delivers.Think of this as a mixture of Robotron and a shmup/bullet hell.Watching voxels exploding beautifully with brilliant colors and shifting between attacks and lasers and grabbing the next pickup to be done more powerful. This game is great.I've made it up to the last boss on rookie difficulty and plan to continue to play through and leaderboard chase.I cannot recommend this game more.
,Recommended,404540,34563191,Posted: 28 August,all,Bunja Tabler,"Nex Machina's visuals, synthwave soundtrack and intricate level design combine into a neat little shoot em up with stunning animations, and the games transitions to the next levels and worlds straight away that manages to maintain the players momentum in the action and keeps the blood pumping. was sad to see no online multiplayer though."
76561198193379821,Recommended,404540,34598439,Posted: 29 August,all,pixelmarine,Games incredible fast paced difficult buy fun as partying on a Monday worth every dollar enjoy don't be cheap buy asap
,Recommended,404540,34704660,Posted: 3 September,all,Pretentieux,"just wanted to throw out how polished this game isfans of the genre would be absurd to pass this one upi've seen a review or two on youtube that state that the game is lacking in content for the price, to which I just have to assume they don't understand what this kind of game is about at alljust want the devs to know i went into this purchase with a lot of skepticism and ready to refund the title if I didn't like the game before the two hour markhowever, once playing and seeing how good it feels, how high the skill ceiling is while still providing entertaining gameplay even at low skill training tiers, i have no regrets about my purchase"
76561198004697919,Recommended,404540,35331153,Posted: 30 September,all,ShoobieCrisis,so good
76561198081063803,Recommended,404540,35458239,Posted: 3 October,all,zierad,Great game.  If you like Robotron 2084 or Smash TV this is the game for you.  Plays much better on a controller.  Short but intense and there are a number of challenges you can do to extend the game.
