user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561197970730876,Not Recommended,404590,32759894,Posted: 25 June,all,hojiman,"I really wanted to like this game and I did for quite a while but in the end, it's just not doing it for me.After steamrolling through the entire game with 1H and shield, the last ""level"" or ""raid"" is nearly unbeatable -- mobs that hit for 1k *THROUGH* over 1200 armor, 30%block, etc? What the hell happens to the other four paths that don't get a shield? One-shot?Speaking of which, having five distinct weapon choices is great ... except that by the ""end"" I hadn't even gotten enough ""gift points"" from leveling to max out my main weapon abilities. I shudder to think how bad things would be if you diversified (since you can quick-swap between two weapons.) Totally a design trap.The UI is iffy at times. Others have reported issues (dialogs sticking, entire UI going non-responsive, etc.) but my biggest complaint is post-2.0 patch, the ""targetting"" is awful. It's click-move and click-attack which isn't anything new but once you get five giants / golems running around, their hit-boxes are so large there's no easy way to click OFF one of them to get clear. Because in this game, facing matters -- so once you're surrounded, it's incredibly difficult to get away unless you have a useful gift off CD.And ... yeah I could go on but why. It's got a ton of good things but nothing great or amazing. It's pretty but it's also clunky. It's totally middle of the road for me.But given that this latest patch unbalanced everything -- that's 49% good and 51% bad. /shrug"
,Recommended,404590,30736320,Posted: 25 March,all,Monkey Business,"Hello,First of all, i hope that many of you surpass the sudden urge to downvote my review from the start just to prove to the others that this game isn't worthy to be bought and played.Please instead bear with my review and try to see the aspects that i think are important and easily shunned off by many of the players.The most important thing that you should consider when buying/playing this game is the fact that this is not a triple A game, it's not a game made by one of the most known gaming companies (Valve, Blizzard, EA , Ubisoft, etc.) but it's a game that tries to enter the ARPG ""land"" that is currently ""conquered"" by the well known games such as Diablo,Grim Dawn,Path Of Exile, Torchlight and many other. For this particular reason i applaud Kalypso Media Digital for having the boldness to do so.Some of the other reviewers refer to this game as a ""Diablo"" copy or as a *Insert similar game from the same genre here* copy. I do not think that is right. This game is indeed inspired by the Diablo series but not only.In my observations of this game, i believe that it's also inspired by but not limited to the Dark Soul series (the dodging system, the bossfigts,the punishment for wrong decisions,the blood system could be viewed as a equivalent of the Souls and a surrogate to the EXP system, etc.) and that alone makes this game quite special.The developement part, as any other game, has indeed problems. Many of you expect the games that launch to be launched perfectly but seem to have a sudden lack of memory about other games, including Diablo, that launched with many flaws (including the infamous error 37).The fact that it has problems at launch shouldn't be a reason to discredit the developers/game. The main problems that i've personally encountered areUI issuessuch as overlaps (only when the resolution was somehow trying to be 21:9)Skill Electrive Mode(not present)Custom Graphic settings(not present but we can compare them to the early builds of the game where you only had Gamma as a setting)UI Scale settings(not present). On a personal note, i am sure that the game will receive updates in the future that will address this issues (Again, this is what i've noticed in my 6h gameplay so far)One thing i am indeed ""angry"" about is the fact that since it launched, the game has received at least 3 updates (from what i recall) but a ""Patch note"" or any kind of info about what any of those update did was never posted. For this i ask the developers to keep the players informed about any change that is made on the LIVE version of the game as it helps the players understand what it's happening but also inform the people that are having troubles that their problem is fixed (in case of bugfixes of course)To break it down in to the ol' PROS and CONS list here are what i consider the most important aspects of the game:PROs:-Gameplay (in my opinion unique)-Exposure system-City Management (upgrades,unlocks,etc.)-Difficulty (quite challenging when playing at the highest difficulty but also very pleasent at the lower ones)-Boss Fights-Vikings and norse mythology-Although made with primary ideea for consoles i think the K&M adaptation is quite good, you can see that best when switching to the controller and back the the K&M while in-game-LAN mode for multiplayer ( many of the new games do not have this, but there are many cases where LAN can be very usefull)CONs:-Settings-UI issues (such as 4 clicks to sell items)-Patchnotes-Although small, the grind for resources i think could be reducedI will not make a ""TL'DR"" section for this review as i think that it's very important for the reader to understand my point of view so that he will understand my intention better.Thank you!"
76561198021551803,Recommended,404590,35187652,Posted: 24 September,all,Sir Faulty,"Bite-sized reviewRagnorak hack 'n slash styleReview in 30 seconds""Vikings: Wolves of Midgard""emerges as a competent hack n' slash action RPG that can be brutally challenging on the higher difficulties. While it doesn't stray too far from the blue print that made games like""Diablo""and""Titan Quest""famous, there are some novel twists and tweaks to the formula that keep it consistently fun to play. Gorgeous to look at in motion and with well implemented controller support,""Vikings: Wolves of Midgard""ends up being a brutal blast to play for ARPG aficionados looking for their next fix.One word to sum up the experienceBrutalPerformance/Bug related incidentsAt ultra settings there were some slight frame rate drops when there was a lot of particle and magical effects onscreen on a 1080ti but generallyVikings: Wolves of Midgardscales well depending on what settings you settle on. Did not experience any game breaking issues or bugs.Similar to games""Diablo 1/2/3"";""Titan Quest"";""Torchlight 1/2"";""Grim Dawn""Suitable forAll ages as it is easy to pick up and play by all, though given the violent nature of the game you may want to limit it to children 10 years or older.Position in my games of 2017 cleared list14th favoriteRatinghttp://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=869453510"
,Not Recommended,404590,33774333,Posted: 24 July,all,Jarmer,"The graphics are great, the animations smooth, the audio is good as well. But there are several things that make this game simply unenjoyable. Some of them are core design decisions, so not likely to ever change.1) The mechanic of constantly freezing to death, and having to run from one firepit to another firepit to prevent dying is TERRIBLE for a ranged or mage class. This essentially forces you to either backtrack a ton (which is boring, repetative, and frustrating) or run head long into big groups of enemies. For a melee class, fine, but for ranged or magic class, this is obviously a major problm. This constant death meter at the bottom of the health bar also discourages exploration, discourages testing different playstyles, only creates frustration and boredom.2) You cannot change difficulty. EVER. Often gamers have no idea how hard a game will be, and like to start out on hard, and maybe turn it down, or start out on normal and crank it up after realizing it's too easy. Sorry. You cannot change the difficulty at any time, whatsoever. The only thing you can do is wipe your entire character and start all over from scratch. How this made it out of alpha and into beta and then into a fully released game is simply astounding.3) This game seems to me, at least at first, to be very heavily leaned toward a melee character. I chose a ranged bow character, and this did not work out well. After two full levels, and two entire game areas, I still have essentially zero ranged powers. The only power I have is a melee kick. For a ranged char. What? The only thing I can currently do is kick, and shoot a single arrow. Why a ranged character even has a ""kick"" ability to begin with and nothing else is very confusing. This is why I think the game basically really really really wants you to play as a melee fighter."
76561198082059286,Not Recommended,404590,30786575,Posted: 27 March,all,Ageni,"The game is actually really fun, but problem is with progression and New game+.After you finish your first difficulty, you are going to start new game+ and this will reset all your gear, farmed items and village progress. Only what you keep is skill tree.After you start new game + you have to do all over again and before you get some good gear, you are at the end again and you are gonna loose your gear at new game+ again!For me, it's absolutelly disinterested !Also skill tree has no depth and eventually everybody gets everything at the end, so no personal build etc....! Only what you can change and be a bit different from others are stats on gear, but that's not enough for me.Cheers,Ageni"
76561198130305933,Not Recommended,404590,31126617,Posted: 13 April,all,Captain WARLORD™,"Here's a longer reviewin text form (pastebin).It should give you more insight and provide more accurate information.------------------------------------------------------------------Original review:Here's how the experience was for me:I purchased this game even though it was out of my budget, because I thought it would deliver what it promised to be.As a long-term Diablo, Torchlight, Path of Exile and the like player, I figured this would be a solid piece of entertainment to satisfy my needs. As a Viking fan at heart, this looked very promising to me.However, the game does not even come close to any of these games.First off, I paid 44.99 EUR for this, which is not cheap.I was expecting a game worth my money, but it's really not.Character customizationThe character customization is even worse than Torchlight's (which was cheaper btw).You get the option between:- Either male or female preset characters- 3 different hair colors (Blonde/Black/Ginger)- A few different hairstyles and jewelleryAnd that's about it. After that you can pick your class and be on your way. For a price tag this high, I was expecting at least a simple character editor that allows for a few body type changes such as thin/fat, skin color and more hair colors.CombatThe game is polished, sure, but that's about all it seems to be about. It looks nice, but the combat is so unintuitive and boring, that it doesn't animate you to feel excited and amped up.I've tried a few different combat styles and they are just everything but appealing. Atrocious is what I'd call it.Lacking so much in so many aspects. The basic attack patterns are the same and I hate the fact that enemies always instantly hit you. Rolling doesn't do anything for small hits, they are just there to dodge the big telegraphed hits.The different ""gifts"" (basically special abilities with cooldown) feel unrewarding even when upgraded and I'm doing better just pressing A to kill stuff.GrindingEach mission is repetitive and boring. It's pretty much always: Enter the map, go kill stuff until you reach the boss.Nothing that interesting, not even the environmental factor adds anything except annoyance.MultiplayerMultiplayer in this game is the worst, by the way. I got matched at level 4 with a guy who's about to finish the game. You can imagine how ""fun"" the gameplay was for me after that. And it happens all the time. At level 1 I get a guy telling me he is level 9. And so it continues...SummaryFailed to deliver in every aspect aside from aesthetics. Just because your game looks nice, doesn't mean it feels nice.It has potential, but this game needs a LOT of work. Not just some tweaks, but a general overhaul. The general idea surely seemed nice, but the approach and execution just failed miserably.If you expected something to still your hunger for Diablo-esque games, this is not it. It's a waste of money if you ask me.If this game was priced at like 20 bucks, sure, I'd say buy it. But for 45 bucks? Oh, hell no."
,Not Recommended,404590,31030084,Posted: 8 April,all,jurchiks,"Preface - I pre-purchased the game and have completed it on normal difficulty. I played with a mouse and keyboard and had no issues with that.All in all, the game is visually appealing, the story and gameplay are OK, but nothing surprising (except maybe the elemental resistance system - the game forces you to take a rest from cold around a fire, and so on), soundtrack is nice and matches the game well.It had quite a few bugs starting off and still has a ton more, at least according to forums. The bugs that I came across and never saw fixed were not game-breaking to me (pretty much all of them were like 1 second ""meh"" type, and the few that were bigger could be fixed by reloading the last checkpoint), but there was one serious bug - if I had all parts of a legendary weapon (Thor's Hammer and the like, basically the best weapons in the game), when combining the parts, sometimes it took the parts but did not actually give me the weapon. Fortunately, there's a couple of workarounds for that (1 - exit to menu, reload, try again, 2 - combine a weapon you don't care about first, and if it bugs out, then combine your weapon, and it will be fine), but it's still a crap situation.However, it is not worth anywhere near the full price of 45€. Not even if it had no bugs, which it has tons of. I'd say a fair price would be 20-25€, if they fix the most prominent bugs (like inability to sell runes, which you get quite a bit of during the playthrough). There's also a lot of minor inconveniences with the terrain - you get stuck on many invisible corners and things that other games would allow you to slide past. It feels like this game has not been playtested properly and just rushed out with all its bugs because someone in management just really needed the money.Crafting was very boring and basically an rng-fest with mostly crap results, which resulted in a lot of wasted resources. Thankfully you get a lot of them during normal playthrough if you try to do the challenges in each map, so I never ran out of normal resources, only Jotunjarn.TL;DR - do not recommend, unless on a 50%+ sale and you're fine with obvious, but mostly harmless bugs."
76561197993146989,Recommended,404590,30749772,Posted: 26 March,all,Mazjuro,"I think a lot of people are being turned off by the game because they're expecting Diablo: Midgard or Path of Vikings, that's not what this game is. It's more akin to the Dark Alliance games from the PS2 era, especially in the way it plays with a controller. It's not a click-click-click and everything dies game. You will be rolling around dodging attacks and using all of your abilities because everything has a cooldown. It lacks the depth of Path of Exile, but is much more accessible, and it lacks the variety of Diablo 3, but has better moment-to-moment action.About the 'UI being designed for consoles', this is not true. There are actually two UIs, one if you use controller and one if you use M+KB and it's easy to switch between them. I play the game with a controller, hit I to bring up the inventory and use the mouse to look at stuff or interact with merchants, then hit B and start running around with a joystick again. Which UI is brought up is determined by the last button pressed, so if you are running around with the controller, then hit A to interact with the merchant, it will bring up the controller designed UI.Now, the gameplay is fun, but I can see that there is not going to be a lot of replayability here. I have yet to reach endgame, but without randomized maps and the like, I think it's going to end up being just a matter of playing through again with New Game+ or switching to another class (again, like Dark Alliance). So it might not be worth $40 to most people, but at the current rate I'm going to get at least 1 hr/$.There are quality of life issues, especially with the UI.--Selling an item requires 4 clicks, there might be a better way that I haven't found, but that's unacceptable.--The skill tree layout makes it hard to determine which skills have upgrades available and many times the skill will have an icon showing you can unlock it even before you've hit the required level.--The fact you have to sell each type of item of item to a different merchant is a bit silly.--For the most part you will be using the same style of weapont the whole time, but you will continually get items, including legendaries, that you will never use. This would be ok if there was a shared stash, but there isn't.--The general layout of the UI is just wierd.TLDR: Too lazy, didn't write."
76561198028224515,Recommended,404590,34632685,Posted: 31 August,all,Nurse! Nurse?,"The game needs a lot of work, but overall it is very enjoyable. The price is way too high, though.Pros1. The game is beautiful and at times really feels like what a hack-'n'-slash game should feel like. At times.2. The environmental effects are original and actually a lot of fun. Some people may complain about how much you have to backtrack, but in reality it is not that bad - there are plenty of 'recharging' points. Besides, it adds to the game experience. You have to worry about more than just your health. It's fun.3. The overall Viking setting is great. The maps are well designed, too, with challenges adding a little extra to the game.4. An upgrade to a skill really improves it.5. Upgradeable shops are cool, but I feel like this is something the game could improve on at the current state.Cons1. The character you play is VERY UNLIKABLE AND HAS A HORRIBLE ATTITUDE.2a. Bosses and champions have an insane amount of health compared to your damage output.2b. Enemies can push you in a corner and surround you, such that you cannot move or roll away from them. With their insane amount of health and damage (I am just a flimsy archer), this means insta-death.2c. There are not enough skills (and the ones there are, are not satisfying enough for a hack-'n'-slash) so it often feels like you're just repeating the same strategy: shoot one or two arrows and roll to avoid taking hits yourself. Wait for the skill cooldown to deal damage. Repeat (50 times).2d. Most enemies and champions can be frozen with a regular hit (9%) or a critical (45%) for two seconds using the Skathi skill tree; an arrow in the back is an automatic crit. A very easy strategy to kill champions is to roll behind them and shoot arrows in their behinds. Once they are frozen, you can crit them to death (from behind) - they can freeze while frozen.3. As an archer, my character often stops to shoot and break random stuff during movement. This often results in the horde I just kited gangbanging me. Especially problematic because some barrels are invisible (minor bug).4. (Minor spoiler:)I managed not to die the entire game, then in the second to last mission there was an invincible guy one-hitting me. Felt unfair and really ♥♥♥♥♥♥.5. (Another minor spoiler:)In one of the missions the developers blatantly copied the bosses from the previous mission, but changed the icy setting to a firey setting.6. Minor bugs make the game feel unfinished: Putting collectables in your stash and back into your inventory destroys them. Pressing escape when the stash is opened opens the game menu instead of just closing the stash. The result menu after you assemble a legendary pops upbehindyour inventory screen when you're in a mission.7. Would be better with more equipment. This kind of game needs extreme customization possibilities to fit your play style. I also feel like more could be done with elemental damage and resistances."
,Not Recommended,404590,30764186,Posted: 26 March,all,Polio BlowStab,"Poor UI design, sub-par keyboard and mouse controls.  Repetative ""raids"" with no feeling of progress or reward.You can choose 2 ""gods"" or classes per play through, and you'd be silly to bother.  Just pick one and stick with it as there is little to no reason to spread your points between them and just limit your abilities.  The crafting menus are a mess, there is no item level or order in the crafting/merchant windows so you have to mouse over and look at damage ranges across the whole list to find the few items that are of the current tier.  Why even have the lower level items appear, there is zero reason to craft them anymore, not that they make that much of a difference anyway.The keyboard and mouse controls are frustrating as holding down the mouse to move or clicking to move will stop your character and attempt to attack ""breakable"" items in the enviornment which don't highlight or stand out or it will attempt to attack mobs that have not spawned yet or appeared and make you stand and swing at nothing.  This is both frustrating as you have to move the mouse all over the screen to attempt to move and can often result in you getting hit by avoidable attacks from bosses because you cannot move.Once you equip frankly any piece of gear with exposure resistance you can nearly ignore the mechanic as it just doesn't increase quickly enough to be concerned.  Any of the large mobs that you fight will drop targeting when they move and require you to release the mouse button, and move the mouse around to attempt to get them to highlight again and attack until they move and do it all over again.  There are several bugged and broken mechanics with some of the boss fights, most of which just require attack 3-4 times then roll away from the telegraphed attack and attack 3-4 and repeat.  I cannot think of one boss fight in 16 hours that stood out as unique except one that was bugged so badly that I had to reload twice to get the boss to be targetable at all!At level 28 near the end of the first play through as the sword and board ""class"" I can just hold down the attack button and wait for stuff to die, there isnt even any reason to use the special abilities as nearly anything just dies and does very little damage to you(on normal difficulty).  There is a combo mechanic that is supposed to award higher experience for more hits within a timed window, so doing more damage actually handicaps your leveling speed, you are better off using a weak but current tier weapon and just meleeing down mobs for the bonus exp.  All of the ledgenadry gear drops are scripted at events or in ""hidden"" areas, and the artifact parts are in static areas resulting in not getting the artifact in some cases until the end of the game to only lose it upon new game+.There are still items from merchants that you cannot buy because the UI is broken, if you want to trade gold for resources you have to click once for each piece you want, you cannot hold down the mouse or enter a number or move a slider.  Currently I need 1,500 wood and I have plenty of gold to trade for it, but I will be damned if I am going to click 1,500 times to get it.  That was the final straw for me, I just quit for now until at least these frustrating issues are fixed."
76561197997848313,Recommended,404590,30723562,Posted: 25 March,all,darronbadland,Only 7 hours so not a complete review . First character i made i found awkward and combat did not seem to flow . However after a hour i made a new character and started again. This time i found myself getting drawn into the combat system .Game as very linear skill sets so not a game for someone who likes to spend ages aggonizing over builds.All in all i can see this satisfying my arpg itch for a good while. I  am enjoying the environment the combat and the challenge can see myself getting my moneys worth from this game.
,Not Recommended,404590,30710625,Posted: 24 March,all,seph.au,"First impressions aren't great. Clearly made for consoles, UI, talent trees, skill design, everything. Gameplay is reasonably fun though it just feels like I'm replaying Dungeon Siege 3 (which wasn't terrible @ $5-10). Did attempt multiplayer and every time I joined a game it either dropped me from server, said it was full or I was left to play solo. Really want to love it, vikings and slashing stuff! Just doesn't add much to the action rpg genre you can't find elsewhere.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xw-F-C79XqgPerformance wasn't bad outside of an odd stutter/frameskip that I'll need to tinker with. Keyboard and mouse felt awkward, gamepad was my preferred choice and all controls could be rebound. Supports 1440p and high refresh rate monitors, couldn't get 4K to display. ingame video options were limited to templates, low/medium/high, can't customize options at all. Currently giving the game a neutral/borderline negative vote. Suggest reading more thorough reviews or waiting on price reduction/multiplayer patches. Will give it more time later and update my thoughts, Cheers."
76561197975289601,Recommended,404590,34705629,Posted: 3 September,all,LastLightTV,"Great game, mostly for the gameplay. But that is what is most important in arpgs anyways right? Easy to just jump into and play, good combat, I like the dodging/rolling, boss fights are nice, I like the loot you get. I like that being in some environments too long will hurt you, oh, also footprints in the snow is a neat touch. It is what you can expect from a small developer making an arpg with norse mythology elements, do not expect an AAA hack and slash game though!"
76561198036356087,Recommended,404590,33660472,Posted: 19 July,all,jeremyalanrowland,"OK.  I read alot of reviews about this game, most were negative.  Despite all the complaints, some of which I found were legitimate I bought it anyways because I was desparate for a new hack n slash.  First and foremost you need to know that I got the game on sale for $19.99.  Bottom line for me was that for this price the game was worth buying.  Paying more than $25 for this game would be a hard sell unless you are not on a budget.So why did I give it a thumbs up?  Most people agreee that the graphics are pretty good and that is true.  I feel that the combat is decent enough to make it interesting.  I love it when enemies  block with shields or become temporarily invincible with an aura surrounding them, as this makes it harder to just spam attacks.  Also the balance of the game is pretty good as enemies don't all die with 1 hit, but also are not damage sponges.The boses in general are a high point as they are varied and interesting.  Ocassionally I ran into one that was either really easy or really hard, but overall they were fun.Loot drops.  That is a fundamental weakness in this game.  Rather than looking excitedly at the loot I got at the end of the level, I found myself hoping to get the items I needed to upgrade my Armorer and Blacksmith so they would sell better equipment.   For me it wasn't a game breaker as the equipment you could buy at the vendors were dedent for your level (unless you way overleveled), and you actually craft the items when you buy them and get random enchantments on items that range from magic to unique to legendary.Legendary Items.  Another disappointment.  While I got a number of legendary items throughout the game, they were generally underwhelming.  I even found myself choosing magic or unique items over legendary ones unless the legendary had the specific enchantments I wanted.  They just weren't that much better than magic or unique loot.You will want to grind some to get the resources needed to upgrade vendors and blood to level up.  And if you need specific resources for upgrade once you have a merchant you can buy them with gold or trade them for other resources.  I heard a complaint that to buy resources, like if your wanted to buy 500 wood, you would have to click the mouse 500 times.  Well good news!  That is no longer true.  Just hold down and in a few seconds you will have all you need or can afford.End Game.  I just started a new game plus and all the equipment available and the drops do scale so you get decent items right away.  I also read that you lose all your gear and bonuses when starting a new game plus and keep only your skills.  Well good news!  This has also been fixed.  You keep EVERYTHING from your last game and whatever bonuses you got while leveling up.In its current state this game really is not bad if you get it on sale.  Its end game is not very strong, so if you are expecting Diable 3 or Grim Dawn you will be disappointed.  If you are expecting a slightly above average, decent length, hack n slash for casual play I think it is definitely better than most people credit it for.I understand people complaints, and if you are looking to sink 50-100's of hours into a game, this is not it.   But if you are simply looking to scratch your hack n slash itch with something new for 12-20 hours on one playthrough, then you might want to give it a try.   I am sure if I had paid $40 for the game or had gotten caught up in pre-order hype I would not be giving as positive of a review, but going in with low expectations and paying half-price I was pleasantly surprised."
76561197977220845,Not Recommended,404590,31476559,Posted: 30 April,all,Edner,"Mouse and keyboard controls weren't that great, switched to a control and it felt much better.I want to like this game, but it just doesn't feel very good to play unfortunately. I ended up quitting and uninstalling at the Jotan female giant boss. She has about 3x more HP than she should, and the area of effect of the falling rocks was about twice what it should be. It's not fun to be hit and killed by falling rocks when your character is clearly out of the way. And to spend 5 minutes hitting a boss twice, moving to the side, dodging rocks, and repeating is not fun.Hopefully it gets better with patches?There are too many good games out there to be playing aggressively mediocre ones such as this."
,Recommended,404590,32725176,Posted: 24 June,all,Ezzay,"Solid performance, great soundtrack, enjoyable combat. Story is pretty cheesy so far, so is the voice acting.Lacks somewhat in co-op features, the second player feels like a tag-along, but its still enjoyable.I did get the game on sale at 50% off, at 20USD, and id say this is the price it probably should have been to start with.Would reccomend while on sale - but at full price, probably not."
,Not Recommended,404590,30847480,Posted: 30 March,all,cholomala,"This game has a lot going for it on paper. Particularly, the Norse Mythology setting was a draw for me. The roll mechanic and more technical combat also seemed intriguing, if not new (turns out Victor Vran does this better). 12 hours in, I just don't think it really comes together. The combat feels tedious and awkward, rather than precise. The skill and loot systems are shallow and boring. The exposure system, where your environment is basically putting pressure on you to deal with your enemies and find refuge... it's one of the game's better ideas, but without better, more precise control in combat, it doesn't fit in as well as it could.Ultimately, I kept playing to see what other facets of Norse mythology I'd encounter. It's rendering of that world is probably the game's best attribute. But really, I think I'm mostly over this one. Back to Grim Dawn then."
,Not Recommended,404590,30758124,Posted: 26 March,all,Winter,"I'd only slightly start considering recommending this if it was maybe a third of the price.I always like to start off nice, so I'll say it looks nice and runs reasonably well. Some of the combat feels ok, for a basic hack & slash, maybe.First of all, this game needs one of those warnings, playing with a controller is strongly recommended!The physics in this game, wow.. any large enemy just slides accross the screen when I hit them with my charge attack. Sometimes the animations don't seem to trigger at all and you get this sliding as well (think source engine T-posed characters moving around).The environment seems to love getting you stuck on tiny things, not as bad with a controller but was hearing constant complains from my friend playing it with mouse+keyboard. Did get properly stuck myself behind object like torches especially if there was a destructable object behind it at first, several times.Again, play this with a controller, the UI is absolutely not designed for PC. Even then you get the tiniest little buff/debuff icons in a corner of the screen, but due to art design I guess, you generally can't tell what they are. I almost wanted to give this a slight pass becuase I fully expected it to pretty much be a console game, but if they say they support mouse+keyboard topped off with a lack of warning to play it with a controller. Well they deserve any flack they get for bad PC UI.Exposition, exposition, exposition, while the environments look decent enough they're not really used to tell the story, everything is done through text/voice acting and that's not that well done either. I like the setting but the characters seem rather one dimensional.Somewhat related to this, it's annoying to constantly have these short ""cutscenes"" to draw your attention to something and really breaking up any flow the game's supposed to have. Instead of some rumbling and light you really need to be shown when you open a door. Or something like saving some prisoners, you open a prison door, instead of seeing them run out it switches to cutscene, bit of talk from the prisoners, and we're off to a black screen to sneakily remove the prisoners from the area, we wouldn't want to animate them walking out now would we, guess they would get stuck on the environment (or each other).Game does the classic thing where every character is solid, this includes your co-op partners, which can be rather annoying in some fights or just trying to get through a narrow bit of the map. Is only improved upon when you get some friendly NPCs following you around as well.The game's size is fairly small, not surprising when their idea of a new area meant doing a previous area again from the opposite end, twice in a row.Multiple skill trees sound interesting, but there's no point to it. All skill trees and the skills in them (including passives) are tied to whichever weapon you're using, you can use 2 weapon sets and switch but I haven't found it that interesting/useful.Another thing worth mentioning is that when playing co-op only the host makes progress, believe the devs said it was to allow the other player to make their own choices in the game (there are a few mostly seems based on short term gain or some more potential earnings in the future). You do get to keep levels and equipment earned, so all it's doing is forcing people to play areas they've already done once again, but this time horribly overlevelled, fun...Several better options here, why not let them make their own choice at the same time as the other player, or give them those options as soon as they get back in their own game.Almost forgot to talk about the loot here, love that you just have to walk over it to pick it up, but it seems rather arbitrary, you'll get a string of (fixed drop) legendaries from bosses and outside of weapons that seems to pretty much be all you need.The whole game seems to be a mess of outdated systems, poor design choices and a lack off polish... in a pretty looking package.Consider it when it's on sale for €10-15, if you want to play a viking themed hack & slash with a controller.."
76561198014820612,Not Recommended,404590,31281099,Posted: 21 April,all,CaptainSnugglebutt,"Such a shame, I was looking forward to this game, spreading the word, hpying people up. Then I noticed people were concerned about loot, I shook of the doubts I had about loot thinking that a game like this couldnt possibly have loot problems.How dissapointed I am, no loot with a shoddy replacement of a crappy crafting system. Even the ""legendaries"" arnt based on drop luck theyr scattered in locations in the campaign... its not fun. I think thats the bottom line really, its just not fun."
76561198005650677,Not Recommended,404590,31155689,Posted: 15 April,all,Hans Dampf,"Not worth it at this price, otherwise I like the setting and it is not a bad game just too bloody expensive for the lack of content and polishing.Update: Finished the game now. I stick to my original verdict. There are lots of interesting things in this game but it feels unfinished. It seems like a beta to me where you have lots of features but none of them is fully implemented. The universe and story is interesting, I like Nordic sags very much. Maybe the developers will use the money they've earned and publish an addon which finishes what they have started."
,Recommended,404590,35233653,Posted: 26 September,all,Squidcake,"it's a bit rough on the edges, but the addition of Couch Coop sold it to me, and I don't regret it. It's a shame it'll probably never see a sequel or expansion pack, but we're enjoying it quite a deal.Some skills straight up don't work or are a bit iffy, but me and the misses still keep going.There is new game+, a decent crafting system, quite a long campaign.I dig it!"
,Recommended,404590,35244495,Posted: 27 September,all,[Epic!]killy,"Very enjoyable ARPG, Diablo style game.6hours into the game, enjoying it, loot looks cool, various upgrades keep on rolling, has even a crafting system.You have the classic types of loot, normal magic, rare, unique, legendary etc.Graphics are nice.Story is ok if you like Norse Mythology (i for one i like it).If you're tired or need a break from POE, Diablo, Grim Dawn and Torchlight then this is for you."
76561197975014580,Not Recommended,404590,30737094,Posted: 25 March,all,xiionic1,"Not sure what to say here - definately one of those titles that needs a neutral ratingI could recommend this game, but certainly not at full price.There are simply other games that do pretty much everything this game does better - I am of course reffering to Path of Exile, Titans Quest, Grim Dawn etc.I'd say if you have thrown thousands of hours into Path of Exile, or found it a little overwhelming, and are looking for something more casual - Then you will probably find some satisfaction in Wolves of Midgard.WHAT IT DOES WELL:The visuals which would have to be the games strength are definately a step up from POE - however there is a lack of detail particularly in the level design which for me certainly retracts from this.The combat is simple and satisfying, the dodge function - while somewhat clumsy, adds mobility to chain combos and reposition to avoid and inflict maximum damage.The boss fights are enjoyable, albiet pretty basic once you have the dodging sussed - some basic puzzle solving combined with basic attack patturn recognition - One of the games better features for sure.WHERE IT FAILS:This game feels like it was rushed to the self - lacks depth, lacks detail, lacks polish.Voice acting is horribly stale and feels like people are reading lines directly from the script for the first time.Levels feel very linear and seem to follow a pretty standard format, grind through mobs that slowly scale in power and number then reach a boss fight at the end. Some of the levels repeat at very early stages of the game which felt like a lazy attempt to increase content.There are also some game breaking functionality issues and bugs - Which to the Developers credit, are being addressed and have been since the first couple of hours of launch.I get that developers need to re-coup costs - people don't work for free.But if you're going to deliver a product, you need to establish where that product fits in the market in terms of price if you want to maximise returns and grow your consumer base.If this was priced between $10-$20 - I would feel more inclined to recommend it, and I think everybody else would too, which would result in greater returns for the developers surely ?At $47.99 - I do feel as if the product is severly lacking.The lack of depth to the gameplay, the un-intuitive controls - terrible UI and menu systems that lack even the most simple functionality.While I have no doubt the developers are proactive enough to squash all of the functionality and ui issues, even once that is done, we're still going to be left with a title that lacks detail, polish and depth.VERDICTIf you have played every other ARPG / Hack and Slash out there and still want more - but don't mind taking a step backward in gameplay for a slight advance is visual fedality, then grab this title once it's priced between $10-$20.B-"
76561198039386132,Recommended,404590,31572618,Posted: 5 May,all,[bluestreak] ejjp,"Fun and challenging. Nice graphics and sound. Some very difficult battles that really provides a sense of accomplishment when you win the battle. Controller works well. Completed the game in about 15 hours.My only  negative is that the game does not support 1440 x 3440, which if it did, the game would be totally awesome."
76561197972388081,Not Recommended,404590,30839751,Posted: 30 March,all,Mordliss,"------------!Buyer Beware!----------This game looks gorgeous, and if you play the demo you will be hooked if your a fan of ARPG/Hack-n-Slash games, however that is the pretty outter shell  that these developers provided you in a demo to hook you in, then they take the blindfold off and you see the incredible amount of game breaking issues this game has.#1 for me is the promise of 2 Player Online HARDCORE mode... Hardcore mode has been done in Diablo 2 & 3, as well as Path of Exile, for those that dont know, it means that once your character dies, the character can no longer be played, and forces you to play with an entirely different mindset and strategy. Well my huge issue here is this; the developers clearly advertise this feature, however it does not work.In single player, hardcore mode works just fine, jump in to play with a friend and you can die as many times as you want ALL THE WHILE keeping the Hardcore Title of ""Valhalla Character.""I am told this is an exploit and a bug, how does something like this make it through quality assurance?In addition, they roll out the first patch, which still doesnt fix hardcore mode, and then have to roll it back because  they cant even patch the game... The game has a bug preventing them from fixing bugs...This is a major cash grab. Additional bugs include: Your co-op partner seeing creatures that dont animate, and instead glide across the ground like they are stick figures, glowing Rage Effects becoming stuck on the sides of your screen, so that even when you dont have rage activated your screen is perma-stuck in golden God Mode... Oh and a tutorial mission that tells you to Press Space Bar to Roll, however if you had already changed Space in the Controls->Keybinding to do something else, the new message says Press  to Roll, and never goes away until you navigate back to the controls menu change space bar to roll, complete  the roll tutorial, then go back in and reconfigure the space bar back to what you want...... I CANT BELIEVE I AM WRITING THESE BUGS, I FEEL LIKE THIS IS A BETA TEST THAT I PAID FOR!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! TWICE!!!!!!!!!!Thankfully I only have 118 minutes played, so I am able to get my money back from this bug infested game.If this game corrects its issues, which clearly is going to take time, I could see repurchasing it, but as it stands its so unstable it should be removed from purchase and placed on Early Access."
,Not Recommended,404590,30787927,Posted: 28 March,all,SidAlpha,"https://youtu.be/dmJO5RSyNY4Vikings Wolves of Midgard is most certainly optimized for Consoles. The Keyboard/Mouse controls feel like a half-baked mess and the game is virtually unplayable without a controller. While rebindable keys do help a small amount, the entire control scheme would need to be overhauled in order to make it a pleasanty playing experience.Multiplayer is a mess and is not worthwhile at all. In addition to that, the character creation system is extremely basic, as is much of the rest of the game. It's combat system was bland and there was nothing to make this game stand out, which was a shame as I was actually extremely excited to get my hands on this game. To see more examples of what I mean, see my First Impressions review above.The game would be acceptable at a $30 price point but $40 is asking just a bit too much for what we got here."
,Not Recommended,404590,30786977,Posted: 27 March,all,Halfstep,"Even though I don't recommend this, I don't think it's a bad game.  It's just not worth $40.  If you can find it on sale, pick it up.  It's a decent single player ARPG.  It's really only good for 1 or 2 play through's though.The Good:1) Who doesn't like playing as a viking bashing the crap out of everything??2) The game play is fun.  Having a dodge mechanic in an ARPG is actually pretty cool.3) The graphics look really goodThe Bad:1) The kill cam may have sounded like a good idea, but in reality it's just annoying.2) The game isn't really polished.  There are some bugs here and there that made me have to redo levels3) No replayability.  The end game mode is just meh, not really thought out4) Please for the love of god give option to turn off vibrate5) After you master the combat, it starts to feel a bit repetitive."
,Not Recommended,404590,30773249,Posted: 27 March,all,Museseeker,"Do not believe the boasts by this game, it's great marketing.  This game is not Grim Dawn, Diablo, Torchlight or Titan, it is far closer to Sacred 3.  If you own all of those games, including Sacred 3, and you are bored, then buy this game, and only when it reaches a proper value of 10 to 20 dollars.PROS- The story, legends and mythos of the game are top notch.- The bartering system is awesome.  I wish more games adopted this featureNegatives- Game mechanics and graphics feel unfinished.  The idea of environmental safety reimurges and disappears randomly.- This game has the bugs of an early access game.  My guess is because the game creators were demanding AAA money, they skipped early access and , because of that, released a game they claim was finished with unplayable bugs.  In the 16 hours i've played, i've been forced to reset a few times for 1. Frozen Bosses, 2. Disappearing weapon sets 3. Random log offs with coop.- The coop feels hastily put together, not tacked on, but not well thought out.  Scaling doesn't seem to work and the game becomes a breeze.   It feels more like the game was hacked so that a second sprite can play in a game as opposed to gameplay surrounding two players.- No customization The game gives the illusion of customization with a ""skill tree"". Only to have that skll tree activate like a straight line.  You are level locked to certain skills, meaning that you can only make options when u level and those options are either 1 or 2.- Putting points in another weapon tree is a waste of time because you only gain those abilities with the weapon, and all of the melee weapons have similar abilities.- Theres no control customization for abilities. Abilities go in preselected slots."
76561197969686963,Not Recommended,404590,30802999,Posted: 28 March,all,•^v^ – Razaghal™,"Dont get me wrong, its a cool game has cool mechanics, but i finished the campaign in 2 days, lvl up to lvl 30, unlocked all loki tree, gathered lots of legendary and cool looking gear, just to lose all when i clicked started New Game+ and all my village upgrades, that desmotivated me to keep playing, repetitivity was the reason i quit D3 , and i found the same here, shame.I'm not complaining about dificult, i'm a casual player and i like this way, i find some bosses pretty challengeing even on peasant dificult wich is good, but just playing the campaign over and over again on higher dificults is not appealing to me."
,Not Recommended,404590,30777938,Posted: 27 March,all,Milk,"Vikings is no arpg. It's a linear beat em all.Some thoughts :Game play :Legendary/Artefact items drop from fixed bosses/chests through the story. No loot hunt. No end game.There is absolutely no imagination in the builds, you just pick all the points for the weapon you're using and that's it.Wanna try another weapon ? Do the game again with NG+ and grab the other skills. Rince and repeat. Of course you have to level your crafters again and loose all your items..Just 5 fixed attacks/spells is way to low... Not to mention you mainly hit with the main attack of the weapon.Bosses are increasingly easy. You take more time on regular mobs...At the begining secrets are really hard to find, the more you go, easier it gets.Seems like they rushed the end of the game.Multiplayer :I played it with a friend, multiplayer is awfully bugued and was clearly not tested. The story only advances for the player who hosts the game... Various crashes... We lost a savegame (Quest loop on Simul)... Dialogs only show for the host...UI :Probably the worst UI i have ever seen. Not to mention it was made primarily for console and is, for the time being, bugued with mouse/keyboard. (Can't buy gems from the vendor without a pad)After selling everything my inventory shows 45/99. I just have my equiped items and 10 runes...Graphics/Sound :Graphics are nice. But you want a bit more effects when you're playing that type of game.Sounds/music are okay.I really can't recommend this game in it's current state and I doubt that it will get better.Well... they got the money, end of story. Just my opinion, prove me wrong devs !Too bad... It seamed promising. I really feel scamed."
76561198080083089,Not Recommended,404590,31819379,Posted: 18 May,all,Terminex,"Well, it gets boring really fast and it doesn't have enough content in it to justify the price. NOT RECOMMENDED!"
,Recommended,404590,33814794,Posted: 26 July,all,Tarum,"Sorry for my english, not my first language.Not only I'm a huge fan of Vikings and folk metal, but I also love arpg like diablo, path of exile etc.I'm having a blast playing this game, both on single player and shared screen.In fact you can use two controllers to play with your mate on the same pc.+ Combat is satysfing: you can actively dodge in any direction to avoid attacks or roll under high swings (Dark Soul Like)+ You pass a lot of time exploring and fighting, not staring at your inventory for fetch items dropped every few seconds.+ Shared Screen coop works great and is really fun!+ Handmade levels that feels better of random generated ones (even if I like procedural maps)+ Graphic and animations are great+ Great voices and music+ Superb art directions: I mean menu, icons, 2d graphic in general and fonts used, all very immersive.- Actually some minor bugs. Nothing you can't fix loading a previous save.+ But the team answer your questions and help you.So far, if you look for a Diablo clone with a lot of hours just to spend in your inventory avoid this game.If you are looking for something like the old good Baldur's Gate Dark Alliance (console game, not the pc one), Champions of Norrath and Lodoss War (dreamcast), you'll be happy with this!If you like Arpg and love Trolls, Giants and Vikings go for it, you will not be disappointed!I bought it for fullprice and I would do that again :)"
76561197976726164,Not Recommended,404590,35290273,Posted: 29 September,all,theshadowcult,"This is one of those times when the sum of all parts is better than they should be. Nothing in this game is outstanding or excellent, yet the game is competent most aspects. This creates a fun and enjoyable game, and i really want to recommend it. There are still problems with things, like targeting enemies and movement etc, but these are all issues with it being a console base game, and kb/m control.I don't recomend it though. In fact i vehemently suggest you look elsewhere, for one single reason.The save system in this game is terrible. In a normal console game, anything the game gives you baring exp in a rpg, is still there when you die, that chest you opened you will need to open again, but the items you get are still there. In a normal action rpg/hack n slash with random loot (like this game), your character is saved at all times, you pick up an item and die, ou still have that item, or if an enemy drops something and you die, it will still be there on the ground when you make your way back.Not in Vikings. If the game gives you that lucky drop, gives you that amazing new weapon you've been hunting for, and you happen to die before the next checkpoint. It's gone forever. This and this alone can kill any fun this game could give you.Do not buy this game, unles they introduce a secondary save system or change the checkpoint save system completely."
76561198018455985,Not Recommended,404590,34891558,Posted: 11 September,all,ebfisher,"I tried to like this game, but in the end I can't recommend it.   It just feels like a big grind, there is barely any story to keep you interested.  Plus you need to go back and replay older levels in order to gain enough levels for the upcoming mission.  Just adds to the grind.  At least I bought it on sale."
76561198058758358,Not Recommended,404590,30774073,Posted: 27 March,all,Bigos 80,"For 45 € it's a joke. Zero replaybility, new game+will reset everything except gift points. Skill tree is simple and shallow. It fun if you looking for arcade game. If you looking for Arpg game-stay away."
76561198036147631,Not Recommended,404590,31846421,Posted: 19 May,all,BasedKojima,"If you're expecting a Diablo experience, in a Norse universe where you play a kick♥♥♥♥♥viking... you don't, so please spare yourselves the disappointment of getting this game.NOT open world like one would have assumed (I assumed). Your village is your hub where you do your crafting and buying/selling of items. From here you pick a mission which takes you to a level of varied enviroment, but the same enemies. From the 3 or 4 missions I did, it's all very samey. Spawn, hack through hordes of the same enemies, find the boss, kill him.After you complete the mission for that area, you can return to do a set of sub-quests to earn yourself some resources for new items. The only problem is that these sub-quests are so uninteresting, and seem to be very similar to the mission prior. Find 10 skulls, kill X amount of this enemy, come to think of it another thing I found was that despite having a map, I would get lost all the time. There is no indication to where you're actually supposed to go in each level, you kind of just wander around until you happen across the boss.Visually speaking it looks pretty nice, combat is that of a basic ARPG, but lacks the fluidity of it. Skill trees are pretty interesting, does add some versatility to your playstyle.If there's one thing that I have to downvote this game for, it's the dialogue... Sentence after sentence, phrase after phrase, of pourly written, and horrifically excecuted voice acting. Worst of all is the character you play, where at any moment will throw out a naff comment in response to something fairly normal someone else has said.I'll admit I often have this itch to try and continue playing it, it's still installed, ready to play at any time. But every time I hover my cursor over it in my Steam library, I'm reminded of a sub-par, closed off, uninteresting experience of a game this is. I would really like to enjoy it, but it's just really not worth the price they're asking.This game showed a lot of promise, but unfortunatley has failed to deliver a true ARPG experience.If you can pick it up for £7.99, it might actually be worth a go? But otherwise steer clear, and just carry on playing Diablo.3/10"
76561198042100434,Not Recommended,404590,33485936,Posted: 12 July,all,SoDank,"Way to buggy as of right now to justify the price of $40. You easily can get stuck on edges, combat does not feel smooth. Attacks especially from hammers are delayed when doing a long range jump attack. The environments and music are well detailed and the narrators and voice acting is done well. Just to steep of a price for this level of polish..."
,Recommended,404590,30712922,Posted: 24 March,all,DurtyTirtle,"There is a lot of undeserved hate in this game, in my opinion, it's pretty fun. If you were a fan of Champions of Norrath, of Baldurs Gate: Dark Alliance, you will feel at home with this one."
,Recommended,404590,30734331,Posted: 25 March,all,FiveStarZA,"Having a ton of fun. Playing with controller.There isn't too much depth to the crafting and skill builds, but the combat is awesome and the locations and settings are varied and interesting."
76561197961152237,Not Recommended,404590,30732529,Posted: 25 March,all,Coleslaw,"I finished the game in 10 hours, reached level 28, then tought I would try the ""new game+"". My char gets boosted to level 30, all the items and ressources I gathered so far are gone, deleted..... Alright so I find myself level 30, naked with nothing, the only thing I still have are my skill points.  It seems the ""new game+"" allows you to level different classes. Well you may as well restart a new char instead so you don't loose all the stuff you gathered and you can max out your class (Unfortunately I cannot go back, there are no savegames to load...). I doubt there are any end content at all. I don't suggest buying this game unless it is $10 or less because it's not worth it."
76561198028437725,Recommended,404590,33350974,Posted: 7 July,all,Ultraslisk,"This is not a complicated or deep game, you see a problem, bash it in the head with an axe! A basic action rpg, for the casual gamer who has no interest in spending six days looking through skill trees or having to spend days figuring out a master plan.The newly added couch co-op remains to be tested, but has the possibility of being the ultimate way to play through the game."
76561198165871372,Recommended,404590,34767253,Posted: 5 September,all,FF,"I've been wanting a good hack and slash game, and this game fits the bill perfectly for me.I only have one gripe, and it could be a linux version issue. I'm running Ubuntu 16.04.I use Xbox 360 controllers and whenever a menu or story comes up, it also brings up the mouse cursor in the middle of the screen. It won't go away until I move the mouse around and randomly click it. Then when I press a controller button the cursor goes away, ..until a menu or story comes up again.Even with this issue, I'm loving this game."
,Not Recommended,404590,31644673,Posted: 9 May,all,⎛⎝ Nayomix ⎠⎞,"Viking ARPG is something you dont see much off, So when you see one. All you can do is pray that it's done right.And this game is done soooo wrong.1st: The coop is badly coded or what ever it is. i dunno. But as far as i know, it's P2P connection. And if you where to lagg out for 1-3 sec. You will get a error ""lost connection the server"" and boom you and your coop partner have to start from the last checpoint with EVERY progress done after it lost. + if your not the host your world progress is not saved!!! so if you want to play solo you have to go thrue every low lv mission intil your back where you left off2nd: Bug's, oh how i love bugs that are easy to spot and you report them but the dev dosnt do♥♥♥♥♥♥about them <3 Thor ""the 2hand class"" some talent are bugged on it and ive reported them to the dev, got 2 different answer,1st andswer: Send us a mail and we will look into it. Well 1week later. Still waiting for a answer :)2nd answer: he didnt understand the bug i reported even if i wrote ""Blund damage and rage again on Thor gift is bugged"" when your a dev from your own game, that report should be crystal clear.3rd: The dev. they just seem♥♥♥♥♥♥ Like, you can tell them something about the game and the answer you will get it totaly different. like day and night different, you kinda start to wonder who made this game? Them or some random dude.So nope, the game aint worth the price they are asking for, not for single player or MP. Save your money :)"
,Recommended,404590,30778623,Posted: 27 March,all,NeS,"Not easy, beautiful, story is amazing and Im really enjoying this game !Im fully satisfied, this game is worth to buy."
76561198038763209,Not Recommended,404590,30741542,Posted: 25 March,all,gccer,"I dont think this is a good game so far. First i thought it's a diablo or grim dawn like game, but at last i found its a victor vran like game, and the action part is clunky. The gift system is too simple and a little confused to me. BTW, the game could be aweful with keyboard/mouse. In summary, it is not worth the price at this stage, and i recommend victor vran instead."
76561198056404402,Not Recommended,404590,35361199,Posted: 30 September,all,Pandanator,"First Impressions:I love the viking theme of this game, and that's really about it.Pros:-Textures look alright for the most part.-Music is decent enough.-The style is somewhat unqiue, but not very mature.Cons:-Most systems within the game are fairly basic-Combat is simple with skills that are fairly static and simple.-Skills never really advance beyond doing some damage and upgrades appear to just increase stats (exciting, I know)-AI is pretty stupid, they just throw themselves at you to do as much damage as possible. Crows, for example, just dive on you to do some minor damage to widdle you down and you just kinda smack them away.-Quest system has you doing raids (quests) that involve you tearing your way through something while killing and collecting everything to complete additional tasks. This system often requires back-tracking, which not long prolongs the game artifically, it makes early levels *really really boring.*-The raids seem to repeat the same deign every level-The story is hilariously simple that it made Diablo 3's look good. Nothing is expalined, no connections are made, characters have no defining traits, they all kinda look the same.-Voice acting is hilariously basic and sounds like it was done in one take.Overall:The game is worth it's money on sale and I would pick it up if you like game's similar to Diablo or Torchlight. However, don't expect to become immersed in the world with hours of content, because there really isn't that much sauce in the pasta.I wish this game the best of luck and if you can support it, then please do as I can see this going a long ways with enough time.Edit: After my initial review, I have now seen the extent of the creativity this game has... or rather its lack of. Let me explain:Every single raid I have done has the same layout. As you can imagine, it's mind numbingly boring and I've only put 7 hours into this game.Enemies are reused more than I would like. Even boss abilites are shared with some high level trash mobs, making damage patters easy to remember.Player skills can only have their dps numbers increase with time.Skill upgrades are also bound to the amount of resouces you have, so I need wood to rage longer... great.There is a pitiful amount of skills, which is worse considering you can't mix and match since weapons determine what skills you can use.A lot of the trash mobs become a sponge at points, which is espically anoying when you are in an enviorment where you have to take shelter every 2 minutes. Attack for a few, run a lot, attack for a few, run a lot, it gets boring real quick.The main character is chliche and is increadibly 1 dimentional. Imagine generic a-hole that just wants to kill.When given branching dialog paths, they all seem to be the same as well as don't give you what you are acutally going to say. Some serious Fallout 4 vibes.Gear upgrades and skill upgrades come at a snails pace.Gear has no skill altering affects other than some generic damage boost, exp boost, attack speed boost, armor boost, or skill boost. Beyond simple.At this point all I can say is that this game is so simple and safe it makes my head spin. If this game wants to stand out, it acutally has to do something new."
,Not Recommended,404590,30711839,Posted: 24 March,all,B-Holland,CRANKED AMON AMARTH TO A 10fired up the game and created my viking characterstarted fighting through villageakward as hell chops and swingsakward rollingfighting shielded enemies feels like chopping at a treewas excited to feel powerful and the meaty blows to each enemy felt weak and lack of quality animation showsthe first boss was the first excitement I had and that was after playing a exposure mini game where this tough norse viking cant handle the cold for more than 10 sec at a time.Would let them keep my money if this was early accessBut we all know updates isn't gonna fix the core gameplay which is what is lacking.
,Not Recommended,404590,30727506,Posted: 25 March,all,Mezcalbomb,"I think this game has bad controller and the overall feeling of the game is not good, skill tree is un pedagogic, and i dont feel like im battling in any way. the combat is unappeling. the animations of the characters are underwhelming. its a beutiful game with a beautiful theme. but thats it. I refunded after less then 1 hour."
76561198084802967,Recommended,404590,30762504,Posted: 26 March,all,lordeodred,"15 hours in...  and what an awesome 15 hours it's been!If you like the Diablo series, the Dungeon Siege series or any of the various games inspired by them (Titan Quest, Path of Exile, Victor Vran, The Incredible Adventures of Van Helsing) you have to give this game a try. It combines the basics of what you expect in that genre with some fun yet simple gameplay options that offer replayability without requiring tedious amounts of research to get into the swing of things. In my review, I will comment on the game atmosphere, graphics, sound and replayability.Game Atmosphere - 4/5 StarsVikings is about Norse Mythology and presents many concepts of that lore, some pretty accurately and others with more than a bit of artistic license. You play a Viking who arrives at their village from some errand just in time to save it from being destroyed. You choose your style of play from the beginning - starting with your choice of patron god in character creation which dictates which weapon you use to save your village. The concept of the Norse Gods is well represented here as the player's choice of patron deity or deities directly influences how they will play the game-each god has a theme to the powers they offer (for example Thor and 2h hammers, Odin and staves). There are no classes in the game - you are either a man (warrior) or a woman (shieldmaiden). Your ""class"" is a combination of your choice of weapons (sword, axe, hammer, bow, staff, 1h, 2h, dw), armor (light, medium, heavy) and patron gods (Thor, Odin, Skathi, Tyr, Loki and so on)- you have many options here which creates guaranteed replayability. The levels you play through are diverse and represent Norse Mythology very well: there are regions buried in snow and filled with packs of wild beasts, regions of swamp filled with undead, the giant lands filled with giants and other monstrosities... all exciting to explore. There are puzzles (nothing hard), 4 levels of difficulty and also an interesting option called Trial of the Gods which allows you to participate in mini-fights against monsters of varying difficulty levels from different parts of the game for guaranteed level but random type rewards. This is hit and miss but repeatable and it provides resources you can use to upgrade your village or create equipment. In a nutshell, I feel like the game studio put a lot of thought and care into creating the world of Vikings. My only reason for not giving it 5/5 stars here is the character banter is at times somewhat campy. I like my Vikings to be stoics but for others the campy comments may fit right into their notion of Viking culture stereotypes - totally cool.Graphics - 4/5 StarsVikings features very detailed graphics. In blizzards, you see snowflakes blowing hard as the wind literally freezes your character to death if you aren't careful. The screen even starts to turn blue - a nice touch of realism for a game set in a world of magic, myth, monsters and heroes. When you are in swamps, everything is green and dead looking - there are clouds of swamp gas that can kill you. The terrain is very misleading, often presenting what you might think is a cave entrance or other turnoff when usually it is just decoration (not always though - be sure to check these out as chests are often well disguised). The monsters and the heroes are also very detailed. The special effects are good, not groundbreaking but very good - falling somewhere between Diablo 3 and Path of Exile. The only reason for not giving this 5 stars is that I know some people have complained the game didn't ship with 4K graphics at launch. This is not a problem for me as 1920 x 1080 is where I'm at. The picture on my 24-inch monitor looks stellar but with 4K being the new standard for many people it might have been wise for the studio to have had this option available at launch.Sound - 5/5 StarsThe soundtrack to Vikings is not only appropriate but actually enjoyable to listen to for its own sake. I digitally pre-ordered the game so received the soundtrack as part of the offer. I have listened to it a couple of times on its own already - very good stuff. It was written, composed and presumably recorded by Dynamedion, a studio that also did the soundtrack for other games you may have heard of - Elder Scrolls Online, Horizon Zero Dawn, Dead Island, and Total War: Warhammer just to name a few. They used appropriate instruments, drawing on traditional musical implements from the Scandinavian regions and then writing the music with the dark themes of the region's mythology in mind. The result is a soundtrack with dark chants, atmospheric pieces that tell a story by themselves and really enhance the zones you are playing in. The in-game sounds are very good to - I don't think they are surround sound but sound very good both in surround mode on my headphones and also playing through my 2.1 pc stereo. Standard fare here but very clear, very crisp - not a hodgepodge of clips from a soundbite file, at least not for the most part. The sound overall is stellar.Replayability 4/5 StarsFor a launch title, Vikings presents a respectable amount of replay options. As I mentioned in the atmosphere review, you basically customize your character by your choice of weapon (weapons) and god (gods). Your choices here dictate your game experience but also present by themselves reason to consider playing through at least a few times. There is also the standard fare of different difficulty levels - Peasant (Easy) through Valhalla (you die, your dead). After you clear the zones the first time, many of them then become available as raid quests where you revisit them to with specific goals in mind such as kill X amount of this monster and also mini objectives which reward resources. If you don't have time or don't feel like doing a full zone, you can do a quick match in the form of the Trials of the Gods which are basically arena fights that last only minutes. While there could have been more options here at launch, this is definitely not a one and done game - you can easily expect multiple play throughs before anything starts to get boring. My hope is the game will do well and there will be more content down the road, DLCs and XPacs etc.Now I want to address the haters.I understand that everyone has different expectations for a game. And I understand it can be difficult to frame expectations at all using only game previews and the descriptions offered by game makers who, obviously, want to spin their product as optimistically as possible. This can lead to misunderstandings of what a game is about and obviously disappointment at release. That being said, most of the negative comments I have read have been complaints that the game doesn't break new ground, isn't original enough or doesn't offer enough gameplay options to create replayability. I would like to point out that a good or great game doesn't have to break ground to be good (Skyrim was not revolutionary for open world RPGs but was an incredible game that won many accolades and millions of fans). And happily, in this instance, I believe concerns about originality and replayability are as yet unfounded. This game takes tried and true ARPG gameplay and transports it to a world based on Norse Mythology. This is a very rich mythology and is well represented in the game at release with the player getting to visit the land of mortals (Midgard), the land of the Giants (Niffleheim) and presumably as I haven't finished my first run yet, the land of the Gods (Asgard). The content at release is varied and, if the game does well, presumably will be followed up with DLC content and, if it does really well, hopefully an XPAC. With such an amazing Mythology to draw from, there are definitely many stories to be told. The game just came out. Give it a chance guys and gals!In summary, if you are still reading at this point, you will like this game. Go get it done! It is Odin's will! You won't regret it."
76561197976761532,Not Recommended,404590,30810646,Posted: 29 March,all,"Campers ""R"" us","So Far, game has unbalancing issues. Maps are fun to explore. You do not get the amount of monsters that attacks you like in Diablo series nor the variety of the items.Skill system is very limited and you will end up with many skill points with no place to put.Overall, this game need more content or things to do after you clear the game. Like the Seasons in Diablo. also there is no extra rewards, EXP, items or anything if you select higher difficulty option.Wait for an expansion pack or some updates to move on.Graphics 9/10Audio 9/10Gameplay 6/10"
76561198070468830,Recommended,404590,30967532,Posted: 5 April,all,shade1515,"Only recommend if you are tired out of D3 and PoE and want to try something new for few evenings and money is not a concern.Pros:-Graphic and combat. It looks cool and it is fun to kill enemies.-Enjoyable crafting and rune system-Variety of enemies, different boss tacticsCons:-Very buggy at start, but most of it is already fixed-Console port, with it problems. Most ridiculous is trading. You want to sell 3000 wood? you need to click on wood 3000 times. Yep, ctrl+click does not work, shift+click does not work, click and hold does not work. Just keep clicking 3000 times. Oh you want to trade 3000 wood for 1000 iron? well, 4000 clicks here you go. I found that it is easier to farm missing resources then it is to trade them-RPG elements are not lacking, they are MISSING. You have enougth points to pick every possible talent availible at your level. You play a pre-set character, they do not give you an illusion of choice. There are 5 skills on panel aaaaand 5 skills in skill tree. There is no choice at all how you will develop your character (I didn't count rediculous +1% bonuses).-Main hero, if you play as female (I did not tried as a male), is just a dissapointment. All here phrases and dialogues can be summarized as ""Just give me something to kill ARRRR!!!"". Main hero is just a ♥♥♥♥♥ that ignores storyline, does not want to study, and shows zero interest in what is going on, seriously ?Anyway, it was fun do play through full game, took me 21 hour. Combat was enjoyable and there was fun on first playthrough. Hovewer this is not D3 or PoE killed and I think I will never install this back. There is no epic gear to farm or hier levels to obtain with better skills. 1 playthrough and it is over, I have 0 interest in going through ""new game +""."
76561198008423537,Recommended,404590,34686340,Posted: 2 September,all,dugalm,"Wolves of Midgard s an excellent Diablo type of game; in some ways even better then Diablo. With 45 hours in the game as I write this review, I can only recommend this game! Every runs are big enough to keep you going for a couple of hours, with enough treasures and obstacles to make it quite enjoyable. You can even run them again to gather more experience and resources. Treasures offer a variety of equipment and it is not hard to find something better then what you already have which is the aspect I find it very frustrating in Diablo 3. There are even artifacts that when you have completed the set are very handy but to get them, you need to solve puzzles of the sort. There are skills tree for each type of weapons and it is easy to switch between them, even while your are in an expedition. Graphiques are really well done and the story is complemented with a bit of humour just as some monsters are. I am playing this on the MAC computer and aside for a long loading time when you start the game, the game runs very well and I haven't experienced any bugs or crashes. It seams that I still have quite a lot to do yet in this game and apparently, you can replay the game in a harder mode once you finish the first run and there doesn't seem to be any level limitation. If you enjoy hack and slash games with lots of loot to find and improvements to be made either on equipment of town development, go for this game!"
76561198122361666,Not Recommended,404590,30738126,Posted: 25 March,all,alberto,"Not really worth it.  I wanted a good hack and slash game worth the 50€ I almost paid, but:- Graphics are OK, not great but OK- Story mehhh- I read someone saying the skill trees were too ""console made for"", and he is right.- Almost no good loot compared to other gamesI'm not refunding it just to remind myself not to buy anything else without checking the comments first :("
76561197992619791,Recommended,404590,31022053,Posted: 8 April,all,Svenster,"I'm rather tempted to throw a thumbs down here, which I probably should - and I won't.The promise of the game to throw you into a rather grim scenario that adheres widely to Norse/Scandinavian folklore and culture has been fulfilled - mostly.The idea of creating an ARPG in the lines of Diablo and whatever came after it has not.Still, it sticks to lore, to rather historically accurate representations of gear (probably with the exception of 4-meter large hammers, but you'd just call your guy BONK and get on with it . .), you're offered decisions after ""visiting the neighbours"" where you can sack them one-off for big gains or keep them around so they can pay tribute, you level up your vendors as you level and overall it's a grand piece of troll and jotun whacking.The part that bites are the diffficulty levels.Other than that the guys in the toughest setting are harder to kill, there's no difference in rewards to the easiest difficulty, loot, X and progress are pretty much identical.More effort = same reward.Shoult I decide that Easy is too easy and I'd rather notch it up a bit for personal challenge without material rewards . .I can't.The character is permanently locked to her/his specific difficulty level selection when it is created.Selecting ""New Game"" to change this will reset the character to zero, loses all items, X, progress. It creates a brand new character and you start over again.I sincerely hope that this will be addressed because if that's not happening, I see the idea of re-play value severely clipped.As Blizzard demonstrated with their Diablo titles, people DO play the same content again, five times over, when the rewards scale with the difficulty and it's a process of improvement and progress to do so.As it stands with this title, I'm inclined to roll me a new toon, set it to the easiest difficulty, play through the story and then do something else because I'm finished with the game."
76561198007987483,Not Recommended,404590,30717321,Posted: 24 March,all,Grytznik,"Movement: Sucks. You get stuck on all sorts of minor things. And good luck moving with a ranged weapon as it will attack anything and everything at random...Move and ""Attack"" are the same. Left click.Combat: Decent but nothing special. Trying to roll behind an enemy is frustrating however.Story: Decent.Loot: Sucks compared to games like diablo or grim dawn.Misc. Design choices: HERE is where you go ""oh my god, what the ♥♥♥♥"". You don't get a vendor to sell stuff to until about an hour into the game (????). You don't get a ""general store"" vendor until SEVERAL hours into the game.You have to upgrade all sorts of smithys, enchanters, armor smiths etc. with currency (wood, iron, gold) and this quickly gets extremely frustrating. The general store allows you to trade one material for another (ex. gold into wood) which you would think would help out a lot. But here is the dumbest part of the game: you can only trade resources ONE material at a time!!!! Get this...if you need, for example, 1,000 wood. You can buy this wood with gold. But only one. at. a. time. You literally have to click your mouse button ONE THOUSAND TIMES to buy one thousand wood. There's no way to like type in ""I want a thousand wood"". You have to click an arrow one thousand times.This game is worth about 15 bucks. I doubt there will be any kind of end game, and you're doing yourself a disservice by purchasing this game if you haven't gotten tired of Diablo, Grim Dawn, Van Helsing and Path of Exile yet.*edit* You can change the controls for movement. If you go to options there is a selection for ""swap mouse buttons: on"" whatever that means. You can then select alternate mouse control schemes so you can move with right click and attack with left. Everything else I said still applies though :)"
76561198027732289,Not Recommended,404590,30726843,Posted: 25 March,all,TheJakal,"The game is mediocre falling to the bad side. DO NOT PLAY WITHOUT CONTROLLOR.EDIT: Finished the game in 17 hours on 2nd hardest difficulty. That is 17 hours for a 50£ mediocre experience. Again not worth it.The game feels like it was first made for consoles and then quickly ported over to PC without adding anything to the options menu that you would normally expect. I mean where is the rebindable controls? Where are the advanced graphics options? No fullscreen windowed? Why does it say you are able to lock the framerate yet doesn't allow you to change it? The great thing about PCs is that you are able to customize the game to get your own personalized gameplay experience yet it's missing in this PC port.The movement/combat feels clunky and you will constantly find yourself running into annoying invisible walls and it almost seems like they used triangles instead of ovals to design the hitbox for the invisible walls, i found myself sliding towards a door whilst i was walking straight at a wall. The environmental feels alright at first but becomes a chore to get through the more you play, with caves and bonfires littered in some stupid places. The dodging mechanic is just plain awful and looks ridiculous when doing it in things that will slow you down like water or snow, it is the exact same animation speed and all just on a shorter distance making it looking stupid AF.The enemies in the maps almost never changes other than becoming bullet sponges. The bosses will have 2-3 abilities at the max, a ground stomp when you stand near them for too long, a straight line ranged attack that will stun you if you don't get out of the way, and some form or AOE ability whilst adds at some point will spawn in the room. Once you figured this out all the boss fights become super easy and forseeable.The story is lacking badly something that most other ARPG has already realized is a death sentance. You will get a snippet of story before and mission and after, we are talking maybe 10 lines of story each mission with little to no story being present during the actual missions. I haven't finished the game but i can already tell you what you are doing is meaningless considering that anybody that know anything about Ragnarok knows that it is the end of midgard and cannot be prevented.This game is also badly optimized, my 960, I7, 32GB ram can't run this game on medium without the game becomming laggy the moment you land on a new map and see new enemies."
76561198031625439,Not Recommended,404590,30737884,Posted: 25 March,all,Requiem,"Already 20 or so hours into the game and still rediculous amounts of bugs. Clearly this game needed pre launch testing as its still in alpha, beta at best."
76561198058707415,Not Recommended,404590,30718399,Posted: 24 March,all,Ashianyl,"Addendum: After almost 30 hours of gameplay, the one thing I absolutely hate about material grinding in this game is the need to complete the sub-objectives. They are hard to spot (the artwork blends these objectives into the background) and I often find myself backtracking through the whole map two or three times just to complete them. They are necessary because of the large boost of resources they give, or you can keep 3-4 raids if you don't want to complete the side objectives. This devolves the gameplay to 50% ARPG and 50% rolling around the whole map looking for hidden treasure chests, flag poles and hidden monsters to kill.To the Devs, this side objective thing is an extremely ♥♥♥♥♥♥ design in your otherwise enjoyable game. I was going to finish this game because I spent money on it and I want my money's worth, but I am just going to abandon it altogether due to this aspect of the game alone. It's that frustratingly STUPID. Other ARPGs concentrate on the Action aspect of their game because that's what fans of this genre look for.-------------------------------------------------------This is an updated review. I have had 6 hours on the game already. I'm having a lot more fun once I got the hang of the game mechanics. That said, the game still has problems.Fast Reflexes Required.- I'm not a fan of Dark Souls type games where reflexes near perfect timing is required. I like to make builds that have a mix of sustainability and survive with the occasional dodge mechanic for huge attacks. This game probably has a build like that, but basic design caters more towards people who have good reflexes.Tedious Grind for Items- The build that I'm looking for is also probably hidden behind better gear, but the grind for gear is abominably slow due to the huge amount of materials required to upgrade just about everything and the slow gain of said materials. And forget about drops from monsters - the game seems to emphasize a lot more on crafting to get better gear, and I'm not a huge fan of endless grind just to experience a build type.Non-Intuitive Mechanic Design- Trying to figure out the game mechanics just through playing is frustrating. The dodge mechanic does provide 'immunity' in an extremely small window and also depends on how the enemy attacks vs where you roll (exactly as how the dev's response to my initial review says). It takes a lot of experimentation just to understand how something works and how to apply it in game. If you are a casual player, you may not have the patience for it.Bottomline: It's fun and rewarding once you figure out the mix of game mechanics and gear to enable your character to better survive the fights, but that requires a whole lot of patience. I would recommend this game only if you have lots of patience.----------------------------------------------------------------------Original Review 10 minutes into the game.This game needs more polish. Here is a short list of my problems with the game just a few minutes in. Note: I was playing on a mouse / keyboard configuration. It may be a lot better with a controller, but this should not be the case for a game sold on a PC platform anyway.1. The command mapping is unintuitive. Tab to heal. Space bar to dodge (luckily, right mouse click also initiates dodges - the game does not tell you this at the start). Left-clicking on an enemy initiates an attack, but if your mouse clicks hit another enemy midway of an attack animation, it cancels your attack and starts a fresh attack on the enemy you clicked - frustrating as hell when this happens.2. The roll dodge isn't really a dodge per se. It lets you move slightly faster in a direction, but you are still susceptible to attacks from enemies. In a game where the healing mechanic can only be done on recharge, having a dodge skill that doesn't really dodge is extremely punishing.It's clunky and will take some getting used to. I may update this review once I play a lot more of this game, but I just wanted to warn people first about what to expect with this ARPG."
76561198010893305,Not Recommended,404590,30750977,Posted: 26 March,all,Yamin,"Very fun game but also very very shallow.No synergy with Talents.Can't progress your story if you join a coop.My lvl one queued up for multiplayer as i wanted to level quickly..... i got paired with a level eleven.  My level one warrior entered Valhalla shortly after.Random crashes.The talent system is awful.Every char will ultimately be a clone of everyone else as theirs little to no customisation.No replayability.Selling/buying stuff at merchants is a chore, have to double click countless times to sell.The crafting is very uninteresting.I feel this game is a cash grab."
76561198023427841,Not Recommended,404590,35341659,Posted: 30 September,all,madbull,"Could have be a decent game, but just too many dumb mechanics and decisions.  Really? weather condtions that cause you to loose health for being out in the elements after a minute and you have to make a rush to another campfire ignoring everything?  And the lose of health is not slow.Slow, slow, slow heath regeneration, ala the days of everquest 1 and being by a campfire does nothing to speed it up.    Also, hey I got a nice loot drop, but I died to the elements and wow that loot drop is gone for good.Just some mind boggling game mechanics and decisions are ruining what could be a decent game.If the company would do one thing to help the game, get rid of the freezing, taking damage for just being out in the world, it's beyod stupid.  Heck I'm suppose to be a Viking and use to elements and smart enough to know how to not freeze to death.  Seriously one of the worst game aspects I've ever seen in a game like this."
,Recommended,404590,35319173,Posted: 29 September,all,Andros,This game is really underrated
,Recommended,404590,35409111,Posted: 2 October,all,Stefen,"Good game, simple ARPG. So far didn't throw anything at me that was stupid complex. Fun to play and easy to learn. Yea,"
76561197998968957,Recommended,404590,35470214,Posted: 4 October,all,Moon,"OK I quite like the game. At first I thought it was a bit clunky but once I mapped my keys properly and got used to rolling around it was all good. Usual ARPG stuff but I really like the Viking setting. It's not over complicated which means it's great for a quick bash drop in and out and nothing too complicated to master. Maps aren't ridiculously large and the check points are generous. Decent variety of loot but not so much to cause analysis paralysis deciding what's best to use.Graphics are really nice, sound is great, haven't seen any bugs. My only gripe is there needs to be some hover tool-tips. There's a few things I don't know how to use or what to do with yet eg: runes & crafting stuff. I'm sure I'll figure it out. I'd also like to be able to remap my right mouse button to something other than roll.Overall this is a fun ARPG that's not overly complex. If you're looking for an ARPG that's a lot more meatier then I'd probably suggest Grim Dawn. Also, I bought this on sale at 66% off which absolutely was a good deal. TBH, I think the full price of $40 USD is a bit steep though."
76561198334759464,Recommended,404590,35477283,Posted: 4 October,all,prezba29,Great  ARPG has some pretty cool things about. Good scenery ideas easy to follow storyline. Like the different bosses. Cool graphics and plenty of cool weapons. 40 plus hours later and still into it.  Full controller support.
76561198069745932,Recommended,404590,30714407,Posted: 24 March,all,Whitesonly.gop,"Combat is fun, although rather clunky at times. The dodge mechanic being utilized in an aRPG is something new to me, and makes the bosses feel like something out of Dark Souls, while still feeling very much like PoE or Diablo. Skill trees are a bit small, campaign writing isn't the best, and early grinding for resources is pretty annoying. All in all, the game is fun and further patches/DLC will most likely make it even better."
76561198034257496,Recommended,404590,30758836,Posted: 26 March,all,TrashCondor,"Allow me to start by saying I love theory-crafting. ActionRPGs like Grim Dawn have my utmost attention because of the wide variety of build possibilities that, in my opinion, elevate the game to a higher level.Vikings - Wolves of Midgard does not fall into that category of ActionRPG. It is a lot of fun. Great graphics. Good story. Norse mythology is great in general and comparatively untapped in the entertainment industry. The actual gameplay, the fighting, the action - they are great.There are plenty of places where the game lacks polish, the movement is a bit too literal on the mouse, selling/crafting/inventory are a bit of a chore with a non-convenient UI. The item progression is fairly linear. The skill progression is fairly linear. The primary way in which you distinguish your character is in the choice of gods you follow, which in turn determines what fighting style you use (dual-wield, bow, etc). This means the game has limited replay potential, as there are only a handful of ways to play the game (other than increasing difficulty and playing hardcore).But ignore all the small negatives for a moment, and focus: the game itself is great. Combat is challenging and engaging. The story carries you forward into new adventures and new baddies and new goodies to slay.If you're happy with an ActionRPG that you will spend around 100 hours on in total, then Vikings - Wolves of Midgard is a great choice. I don't hesitate to recommend it, and feel the negative reviews are unnecessarily penalizing for what is at its core a fun game."
76561198002189495,Recommended,404590,30744244,Posted: 25 March,all,rovaira2,"Is this the best game ever? No. Is it a good game? Yes. It's fun to play. Is it worth 40 bucks? It depends on what you like.It's pretty nice with the action and strategy involved in this game, along with the hot keys/abilities. For example in the area before the 2nd boss I encountered some mobs with large shields. How is that special? Well, in this game the shield actually works.. If you are attacking from the way the mob is facing you, you have a high chance of hitting the enemy's shield instead of the enemy. In addition to this you are dodging by using WSAD to roll different directions (the controls are sweet as well). And on top of this you can use 1-5 for example to throw fire, etc. (or whatever other abilities you chose each level). There is also some mode where waves of mobs come at you; I just tried the 1st one, and it was pretty cool. And all of this adds up to FUN. :)How's the frame rate? I don't keep track of that, but I can tell you in the first two acts I haven't received any lag, and the graphics are pretty nice.The mob variety is pretty good, and they all look pretty good. The armor drops I received were ok. I believe there is some randomness to armor drops, but not sure how much. I would say so far drops are no where near like games like Diablo 3, etc. There are a decent amount of hidden treasures around though. And the drops you get you can sell to get materials/gold which you use to upgrade armor/weapons, and the smith and weapon person. There are also some good weapons/armor drops as well.EDIT: Also one cool feature: you can go back to areas you previously completed with quests AND enemies all respawn in that area (I'm guessing they are all the same enemies though). The  rewards you get are gold and crafting materials from what I've seen so far which are used to upgrade your smith, etc. in the main hub.You may be asking why you've seem some negative review possibly? The way leading up to the 1st boss has a lot of similiar mobs and takes a while to get through, so as a result you will have people giving quick reviews that played 2 hours or less and didn't get to see much.In addition another big factor for some is it's not easy. I was playing on normal and died to the 1st boss several times. What did I do? I went back to town and crafted some better gear, and then I reran that area. The game hits the sweet spot imo on challenge on normal mode.I haven't tried online yet, so I cannot comment on that portion of the game.The controls are good: left mouse button to move/attack, right mouse can dodge, WSAD can dodge in different directions, 1-5 are abilities, tab is heal, etc. And yes the controls are customizable (except I don't think the mouse buttons are except for a few options).I like game slike Titan's Quest, Diablo 3, Grim Dawn, Torchlight 2, etc. This game has some elements from most of those games, but it doesn't have everything. One thing that makes this game special though is the action/strategy involved along with the mob variety. So if that intrigues you, I'd say go for it. Replayability? I'd say the action, strategy, abilities, respawning enemies from areas you completed previously, etc. will keep me coming back. In addition this is one of thos games where I'd say support the developers and they may build on this game in the future with possible expansions, etc."
76561197992794682,Not Recommended,404590,30899962,Posted: 2 April,all,wonderfuljob,"The game is not bad, but also not good enough.Pros- Good viking theme game- nice musicCons- Do not want to play twice- monotorous storyline- limited character customizing- *BAD* multiplayTotalI think diablo3 is better than this game in all aspect.People who are not really big fan of viking culture will regret purchase."
,Not Recommended,404590,31208550,Posted: 17 April,all,✪DяZZ✪,"Game is Buggy, enemies difficult in a not very fun way. Find yourself rolling one way then hitting, then roll back, hit, and repeat until enemies are dead. No interesting powers and no impact to any of the animations. Levelling feels like an absolute grind. Enemies ramp up hp depending on weapon/level so you never get that feeling of improvemnt.This is playing on Normal Difficulty.Not a great clone. Avoid unless really cheap."
76561198085552279,Not Recommended,404590,30729619,Posted: 25 March,all,Zibelthiurd,"Pros:-super fun-arcade game-fresh ideas-require skills-fast paced-epic fights-action oriented-combo fights-good graphics-looks good-village building-VIKINGSCons:-too much arcade-total console gameplay-no depth-no theorycraft-no build diversity-weak skill system-no stat system-boring loot system-boring items-no replayability value-it's not a game like D2, TQ, GD, PoE etc."
76561198189438125,Recommended,404590,30742380,Posted: 25 March,all,Fuel,"GREAT GAME, but expensivestory and questing are fluent, fun base combat"
76561198011385864,Not Recommended,404590,30716865,Posted: 24 March,all,CENSURED,"Never has a game looked so promising to me only to fall so very short; I expected a more reasonable price point and after buying the game only to find it so very lacking. For starters, the animation complaints are pretty legitimate; most enemies have an extremely basic animation setup of ""idle state"" and ""attack state"" and all of the attacks (character and npc) are rushed and clunky resulting in models randomly speeding up or ""teleporting"" into animations. The controls don't feel terribly responsive and for a game intended to be unforgiving, enough to be a problem. My first hour into the game I feel very underwelmed, I do think the game is decent to play but the price point is far too high for the lack of quality."
76561198096388559,Not Recommended,404590,31724823,Posted: 13 May,all,garshin21,"Co-op just stopped working. Not able to invite friends anymore.699 rur, rly??"
,Recommended,404590,30709814,Posted: 24 March,all,Bazgrim,"It's an obvious console port, but it's fun a game.If the dev's really want this game to sell well after release, they'll do well to listen to the feedback of the PC community regarding the UI and gameplay mechanics."
76561198042945694,Recommended,404590,30709389,Posted: 24 March,all,archlord,"a refreshing take on the arpg genre looks,plays,feels great,the art book is also very well drawn.overall its a very well done game and runs very smooth:) would buy again."
,Not Recommended,404590,30719088,Posted: 24 March,all,GreySpectre,"Just wanted to put out a review to say that this game has potential, but is very unpolished right now. It feels like a game in the $10-15 range, but definitely not anywhere near worthy a whopping $40. They have way over estimated themselves here. I'm a huge fan of all things Viking, but I'm not a huge fan of over paying for entertainment. Here is the last thing that happened to make me refund the game:Get my first Chest Armor as a quest rewardGame auto-equipped the Chest ArmorRemove the Chest Armor to investigate a few stat changes/learn more about the games mechanicsSpend 3 minutes attempting to put the Chest Armor back onFinally equips the Chest Armor, after clicking the same place I had clicked at least 20 times alreadyDetermine this was simply a bug, and a sign of lack of polishHave the same problem immediately happen again, twice, within 5 minutes.Write ReviewRefund gameSeriously, I will happily pick this game back up...when it's a deep sale."
,Recommended,404590,30715956,Posted: 24 March,all,~♥Lewy♥~,"It's alright but nothing special.I get the feeling of playing a -slight- above adverage survival crafting game when it comes to quality.Combat alright for ARPG, dodge button always welcome.Not really open world, more like HUB and mission select.FPS drops/stutter sometimes.Can't say I like the story if there is one but you do get thrown in quickly.Decent game if cheaper, not worth current price (at review time) of £34.99.Very mixed feelings overall, I would recommend if around £12 or less."
,Recommended,404590,30716453,Posted: 24 March,all,ElegantHarridan,"So far so good. Glad we have the choice between game controller or keyboard and mouse. I've been using my gampad so next time I will try keyboard to see which is better.I love hack and slash games. I thought at first this was going to be just like all the others, and that I'd get bored easily. Not true. Although I've only played about an hour it's clear there is more to this game than just hacking things to death (although that's a huge selling point for me.) Not only do you have to pay attention to your health, you have to be mindful of the elements and whether or not you're being negatively impacted by them. This forces you to think and act quick. No jimmy jammering around or you will certainly die even if not being attacked.I'm having a hard time getting used to the top down view and gameplay, but I will be a pro at it (not) real soon I'm sure. My oldest grand daughter would really love this. I can't wait until the next time she comes over and maybe we can play together!The graphics are beautiful.I love the Viking story line.I love being able to play a bad♥♥♥♥♥dual axe weilding female Viking Warrior with big boobs and tiny hips.There, I said it. lol"
76561197972973772,Recommended,404590,30713159,Posted: 24 March,all,Wild Dave,A very solid ARPG which we've thoroughly enjoyed playing so far. Many great mechincs and combat feels solid. I'm looking forwards to what the game has in store for us.Most of the negative reviews are minor glitches or technical issues which will no likely be solved shortly.A recommend from me if you enjoy the genre.
76561197979953889,Recommended,404590,30710985,Posted: 24 March,all,HermitKermit,"No WASD movement support or option as of March 24th, 2017. I approve the game if you enjoy the wonky controls.WASD ~rolls~ you in a direction, but one needs to use mouse to make all grand tactical movements outside of rolling.Wish I had known this before, so I am posting here for whoever might care.Other than that, fun game. Unintuitive controls without a controller, which I will not invest in to play this one game.I reccommend to anyone who can manage the controls. Fun as hell, but immersion and worth-breaking when you go ""oh crap, a giant, I gotta focus on the controls harder."" instead of ""oh yay! a giant I get to fight, this will be fun."""
76561198113012900,Recommended,404590,30714422,Posted: 24 March,all,Cylion,"People complain and complain and complain... Look the game is great ok. Not perfect but good. Great looks and good gameplay for what it is meant to be. People were just expecting another diablo or poe, but this not that type of game. This game is focust on battle and action, not so much on the RPG part. You won't get 10000000 loot drops, you will just get enough. The battles feel good, and the sound is good."
,Recommended,404590,30713718,Posted: 24 March,all,xtcxhollowjock,Not the most polished game but enjoyable with a friend. reminds me of the old champions of norrath or baldurs gate on ps2 so if you like those you'll like this but i feel the price might be a tad high.
76561198043863062,Recommended,404590,30714363,Posted: 24 March,all,recneps1105,Enjoying the game so far. well worth the price:)
76561198020767350,Recommended,404590,30714402,Posted: 24 March,all,Deloni,Awesome arpg!
76561198116534699,Not Recommended,404590,30715332,Posted: 24 March,all,Valdosar,"The game feels clunky, there is something weird going on with the way the character moves and feels, it have a strange feeling they try to mix some comedy and some gore in a not so nice way, altogether I feel like it was a good game but not at full price 40 USD"
,Not Recommended,404590,31744928,Posted: 14 May,all,e|R|uanga,"One of the few game that i bought on pre-release state. Ofc with a promo and discount, 10% and xtra cosmetics, sounds nice aye, what cud go wrong...Well... It goes wrong in many aspect but the graphic, the gameplay is repetitive, staged area with little to no lore and glory. The enviromental handicap adds nothing but annoyance.Aaand the cosmetics, god it even more worse than any older ARPG. Not to mention the bug. The tattoo i choose changed once i equiped an armor; in this case chest and helmet. Once the chest removed, the tattoo back to what it was. But not with the helmet. it stays as a different tattoo even after the helmet being removed...I ended back playing D3 Season 10...Guess no one can live up to our expectation but Diablo, TL, and PoE... Well maybe just maybe Wolcen:LoM...edit: They did fix the tattoo issue, pretty happy about that..."
76561198035640163,Not Recommended,404590,30730546,Posted: 25 March,all,Randoom,"After seing the movies, I wanted to love it. I'm a huge fan on Hack&Slah game. I've played 30 minutes ..and I have to downrate it.Problem is, it's biggest flaw makes the game feels wrong.The way the guy move. he's indecently FLOATING above the ground. you dont feel like hes walking. he dont stop and pivot. he slowly rotates around untils hes facing a new direction. If you click in an ""unwalkable"" spot, instead of just moving toward it ... you get stuck. moving down a small stairs from a pier is a pain, as you have to perfectly click right in the middle of the small steps, or your guy refuse to walk down.When you click on a monster, 3/4 of the time you'll miss, and you'll click on the ground instead ( facing the little goblins during the intro).and instead of just hitting the monster, your guy runs at it, runs around it until it's standing behind, than runs back in front of it...when you gets to click on a distant monster, instead of running up to it, and than hit it ... he does a weird ""run in and slash"" with his sword, which puts you behind your target, or falls short and you swing in front of it ...this is the worst movement I've seen and feel from a hack and slash so far .. and I've played them all since the early diablo 1 ... I dont care if some skills aren't usable, or some magic is unstable, or they have some server problem, or some graphical flaws, or shadow effect isnt 100% polished ... or that kind of crap some poeple normally complain about. I want to enjoy a game.I shouldnt struggle to click and hit a monster in a game that the whole gameplay is base on clicking on monsters and killing them ...the hero being counterintuitive to run around and hard to attack make this a negative review right off the bat for me ...I'll replace this later on, if I see more of the gameplay eventually ... or if they make some drastic changes ... but for now ... TQ , Grim Dawn ( new expension comming this year), Viktor Vran ( new expension comming soon ), Val hellsing, D3, PoE ... are all game where I've had more fun."
76561198038824882,Recommended,404590,30789978,Posted: 28 March,all,XIIV,"I waited for this game awhile. I pre-ordered it just to get the discount. If you like vikings and arpgs you should like this. The story is well done. It's a beautiful game and I actually left the sound and music on for once because it was so good. I enjoy the boss fights at the end of each act. I decided to use mouse/keyboard option which worked out well for me after a couple key binds. You do roll around quite a lot in this game dodging things which helps to mix up button mashing. The skill tree is simple yet elegant enough for you to mix up your build. I DO like basically having dual spec. I went ranged as an offspec which worked out to be a solid option.  There are a few minor bugs I ran into but nothing major. I think after a few minor changes or quality of life changes this will be an a near perfect game.  I have not finished the campaign yet, however I am hearing that you loose your gear when you have to new game+. I'm sure some people are not liking that at all. I'm on the fence about that. The game is definately worth what I paid for it(pre-order). I do think the regular price of $39.99 is about $5-$6 too much as the game currently sits. I highly recommend it if you are a fan of Diablo or PoE and want something to play off seasons. Multiplayer: I haven't been able to try. It keeps telling me the server is full???"
,Recommended,404590,30906587,Posted: 2 April,all,SHADY11x,"Good for what it is. Not the best game when compared to other games. It is obvious that this game was made for consoles, but I was able to play with mouse and keyboard just fine and it was not that bad. The combat feels fun because dodging plays a big part in not dying and the fact that all the skills have cooldowns and no mana makes me think more about when I am going to use attacks rather than just spamming something until my mana runs out. The progression is whatever, not much happens after you are halfway through the game and have unlocked all of your skills. Overall, this game is pretty good, not amazing, but good enough that I would recommend it when it is on sale."
76561198091579401,Recommended,404590,30759204,Posted: 26 March,all,Amy,I'm having fun...and I love vikings!
,Recommended,404590,30734724,Posted: 25 March,all,The Omission,"So far the game is great i say buy it .graphics look great.gameplay is great .Its vikings , i sacrifice the blood of my enemies to the gods to level up."
,Recommended,404590,30736510,Posted: 25 March,all,bamboozled_again,"First of all: I'm now 4 hours in and I recommend to play this game with a gamepad! If you don't have a decent controller, you will not enjoy the game the way you could. Mouse and keyboard controls are pretty wacky and weird to use, it's not impossible to still have fun though.As I'm writing this review they're offering a free demo, I recommend trying that one out before you buy (I shouldn't have to hint at this tbh)What I liked about the game:- Setting (VIKINGS!)- Artstyle. The look of the game is not overwhelming, but charming. When you're walking through the snowy areas          ingame it looks as if you can get frostbites from touching the display- Gamepad controls are smooth af and it make for a great hack n slay experience- There are different environmental factors which you have to fight as well if you want to survive (heat, cold, poison), which are pretty cool features, or should I say, pretty cool elements? :^)- It's not a senseless grindfest (Well, if you don't like hack n slay in general, you wil automatically refer to games of the genre as stupid grindfests, but the game can be a serious challenge on higher difficulties, bossfights are hard and you have to learn movement patterns, know when to dodge and when to strike.)- You are not bound to a class at the beginning, you only change your appereance. Which skills you then acquire as the game progresses is all your choice- Great 2 player Coop, which works both online and with LAN connection (a trading function would have been nice though)- Many references to viking mythology (only for those who are really interested)What I didn't like about the game:- The main story is boring. Let me put it this way: You don't really give a f*ck. The game does not do a very good joob at storytelling, and except from the general ""The fight amongst the gods in Asgard lead to chaos on earth"" introduction -which was actually a pretty good start - you don't really understand, and frankly don't really want to understand whats going on. You're saving a few tribe members here and there (right at the start you have to save a 2m big Viking Warrior from 2 goblin-ish creatures with wooden swords, its actually pretty hilarious) run a few errands for the blacksmith and that's pretty much everything I did until now.- The voice acting is trash (sorry, I really like the game, but the main character sounds like he is just as bored from the dialogues as I am.)- The first boss fight is too much! You are fighting level 1 creatures for 30 minutes to then be confronted with a ice wolf spawning, bone freezing, frost ball shooting, aerial damage dealing, inconsistent movement patterns having ice giant. The learning curve shouldn't result in a sudden crash in a wall of death.This one is actually hard to judge. Is it worth buying for 45€? Sadly I'll have to say not really. I bought it for around 38€ as the pre release version and for me it's just on the edge of what's acceptable. For the current price I expect a good story with characters who at least sound like they have a motivation, which Vikings - Wolves of Midgard does not deliver.But still: the fun with the awesome and responsive gamepad controls remains the same and there even is a horde mode for when all the raids are done. My call: If you're a fan of the genre, wait for the price to drop, then definitely give it a shot. The game is not a masterpiece, but great fun, even more if you have someone to play with.I recommend the game. But if you're not sure if you like that nordic theme, try the demo or/and wait for a special offer."
76561198067968218,Recommended,404590,30719967,Posted: 24 March,all,DrKnow,I think the game is great!  Crazy how many bad reviews there are.  Nice spin on ARPG.  Thanks for a great game.
,Recommended,404590,30731630,Posted: 25 March,all,Admiral Oblivious,"A good is fairly standard ARPG.Charecter creation is suprisingly (for this type of game) detailed. You select male or female, then adjust hair style, colour, and body. Finaly, you pick a name and a God. God's are this games version of classes, as which one you select determins what weapons and skills you are using. You can switch God's at any time by equiping their weapon. For example Loki is dual wield, Thor is two handed, and Tyr is one handed. As you level up , you get skill points to spend. These can be spent on any God, and are a fairly standard mix.To level up, you collect Blood from your defeted foes. Then take it to an alter and sacrafice it. You then get a meny asking what stat you want to increase. This is not presented in the standard way of Strength, Agility, Constitution, ect... Rather, you are presented with the actual end result. For example, Damage, Attack Speed, & Health are all choices.Combat is fairly standard mix of attack and dodge, with skills on cool downs and such. Nothing cutting edge, but fairly well executed.As you adventure, resources drop form smashing destructables and from chests. You will need to collect these to upgrade your village, and to buy new equipment. When you sell your old or usless gear, you get resorces back. Fortunatly, you do not use invenotry space for this.The biggest problem is pathfinding. It is very easy to get stuck in what looks like a viable path. The AI does this as well.  An are of opertunity, for the Dev's would be to add better invetory managment. There is no reall sort method, only a filter by basic type.Graphics and preformance are good on my i5-3570, with a R9-390x, I have no complaints in this area.Overall a well executed game, but not worth AAA 60$. Fortunatly they are not selling it at that level and this game is definatly worth a buy at the 40$ level."
,Recommended,404590,30758442,Posted: 26 March,all,dtamashu,"Gameplay is challanging, need to think about what can be your next step, actually not an easy one.This game could be my choice of RPG in the last years."
76561198008963337,Recommended,404590,30716151,Posted: 24 March,all,Balashark111,"The most important thing in an ARPG is the combat, because that's all you do is slaughter baddies. The combat in this game feels spot on and satisfying. It may not have as many features as some other ARPG's out there but it is very good and worth your time.Also the Devs are great and do read the forums. I have been replied to I can't count how many times in the last two weeks. Vikings wolves of midgard is just plain fun, Give this game a chance,  you'll be glad you did!"
76561198030455197,Recommended,404590,30741900,Posted: 25 March,all,KingPiet,"So far, I really like it. It's something different. Have not played online yet. Only Co-op lan which seems to work perfectly.I have not experienced any problems except for the no quick sell... not a problem just a bit time consuming. Otherwise stuff just works.And for the people who say the game is expensive, get a job. A movie plus snacks cost the same as the game.#needquicksellCool game :P"
76561198047838896,Not Recommended,404590,30714705,Posted: 24 March,all,cLAy_piGeon,"The game is dull and seems not flowing, It's hard to explain . I feel like the characters are not effected correctly by or with the terrain. I was so looking forward to this game but it feels like it's missing the care needed to the characters and how they should react to the environment. I think if they looked at games like Dota for this example in character reactions to their surroundings then I would enjoy this. To me it takes more that a pretty picture to make the effect. This game has the pretty pictures without proper effecting character physics."
76561198018812704,Recommended,404590,30716627,Posted: 24 March,all,rayx0r,"First off, ya the game doesnt support 21:9, which isnt 4k.. 21:9 is simply an ultra wide aspect ratio that can be 4k but in most cases its simply 1080p. Some of these reviewers dont understand resolution vs. aspect ratio and I have to agree that this game should support 21:9that out of the way, the game is very fun and if you're a fan of ARPG's I suggest picking it up. I like the survival aspects of it, and I love that fighting bosses is a challenge. Expect to die, but be rewarded. Anyway, back to the game, just needed to clarify the confusion that some are having when discussing 21:9 and the need for current games to support this."
76561197979917549,Recommended,404590,30761091,Posted: 26 March,all,Mystic Bear Knight,"Firstly, make no mistake about it this game is FUN. At the end of the day thats why you play games right??Really sad seeing all the odd mix of well informed good reviews and really poor ones. So lets get down to it.Good:1) Graphics and art style is gorgeous, especially for a top down game or ARPG...so happy its not flat or cartoony and maintains the setting well.2) Voice acting - there isn't much of it, but its all pretty good, fits the characters. The player character will throw a lot of taunts and verbal jabs, and when they talk to NPC's its often quite funny. I could probably say the player character sounds like that hilarious inner jerk that most of us have inside us, restrained by compassion or discipline.3) Combat is really fun and intense, smooth and gratifying. Each combat style has its fun and flavor and decent versatiliy, so it can be hard to choose. It can also be very difficult, especially solo and at higher difficulty levels...so unless you are a veteran of the genre..beware. Its a blessing and a curse.4) City building/improvements and Exposure add an interesting layer so you're not just flat out plowing through the game kill after kill.5) Loot! Loot explosions from mobs, from chests, from all the objects you smash...loot as you'd expect is aplenty. I like how it balances the fact that you get random loot off everything constantly and can choose to wear that, but also have the option to fill in the gaps having your town NPC's craft you stuff.Mixed/Needs Improvement:1)Exposure and environmental effects -  its a cool feature, but honestly it needs to be toned down. Sometimes its just a bit too much.2) Artifact weapons: you spend so much time getting them, and have very little time to use them. For the most part I could care less, but its a bit anti-climactic3) Ways to trade gear in co op would be nice...its not necessary with how accessible gear is already, but it would be nice.4) Skill trees are currently linear, in the sense that you can progress through them in different ways but eventually can get all of the skills...some games will switch it up so after a certain point in the skill progression you meet a choice that changes the way that combat style plays or alters it somehow to add new flavor gaining something losing something with skill lockouts. This can be good and bad. The current system works, but simplisticly.5) Item appearances: mostly I love the art style and at this point I'm nitpicking, but some of the designs are little too absurd fantasy would never be practical in real life or even remotely historically accurate...some are good,,,,but Orc Sword I'm talking about you. haha. This is obvikously not gonna change.Bad:1) My only real complaint is with the match making for multiplayer co op. The reason is in my experience it does not take your level or story progress into account whatsoever. I would like to see some check boxes in the multiplayer search in matchmaking...lets chck a box to check for if you care to be matched with someone with similar story progress within 1 mission more or less, or within a bracket of levels near yours...to avoid huge gaps in difficulty or spoilers. I Have joined a game as a level 2 and been paired with a character my level, yay. I have also joined as a level 2 and been paired with a level 14 or 18, in which I'll get 1 shotted by anything. Haha. Or the other way around by the time I was higher level. You can be carried and power leveled this way but its silly. Give us some search options or just improve the match making process on your end Devs, thanks.Conclusion: This game has some flaws and room for improvement, but its fresh and new. Unlike others I cannot say I have experienced a single bug apart from co op issues of a door getting stuck, or match making giving me a headache. Every moment in this game has been satisfying and fun. I wish the preorder sale price was THE price though. $33 seems more reasonable for all you get here.I look forward to them improving what they have here and adding more content, but for now I advise people take a breath, step away from your entitlement and chill out...if you like Vikings, raiding pillaging, smashing everything on the screen, fun intense combat and an ok story...come have some fun.If you are often overwhlemed by your entitlement and nitpicking, have a very short memory regarding games, perhaps find something else to amuse yourself with (and if you are such a person, never buy a game when it first releases)."
76561198084382500,Recommended,404590,30761644,Posted: 26 March,all,MAKELELE-MAN,"Good game, it gives what it promises: hack and slash, graphics are 5/5, fighting system 4/5, and VIKING MYTHOLOGY: 10/10. i love THE GAME! iT was worth every cents !"
,Recommended,404590,30710780,Posted: 24 March,all,Psychoza,"I love the game so far, fun gameplay, nice graphics and cool places.p.s playing with a controller, have not had any issues at all with the game.Cannot wait for future content and updates, keep going devs :)[Im a long time diablo III fan]!!! Remember it's not diablo !!!8hours inStill flows like butter, and i enjoy it more now then in the beginning :)26hours inGreat game, still not finished haha"
76561198005772592,Recommended,404590,30714045,Posted: 24 March,all,Awsumpossum,"I love this genre.This game begins extremely slowly and increasing the speed at which you level relies on some dubious game mechanics.  You get bonus blood (experience) if you kill multiple mobs at the same time.  No, not multiple enemies in quick sequence, they have to die at the exact same time.  Which means that the best strategy is to chip away at higher HP mobs, spend some time rolling around gathering them up, and then executing them all at once with an AoE ability.  The rate at which you level/unlock skills could probably be improved, at least early on.  It is definitely a slow haul at the beginning.  I recommend not playing on anything easier than ""hard"" otherwise the game is extremely dull.I've read terrible things about M + KB, but on my XBOX 1 controller, the game plays perfectly fine.  I've encountered none of the bugs that I have seen reported.  The exposure that everyone is complaining about so far has only been in 1 area, I've explored 5.  It's also extremely easy to manage -- doesn't seem to change in difficulty on the higher levels either.  FWIW, I thought it was an interesting mechanic that you could, mostly, forget about but added to immersion.The game is extremely linear and almost any ""side area"" (usually just a dead end path) has some type of chest with goodies in it.  It's a basic design, but not a bad one.  And while the graphics aren't phenomenal, the environments are pretty neat.  Quests are straight forward, ending with a boss.  All the boss fights that I've done so far I've thoroughly enjoyed -- multiple mechanics, etc.  Not sure if any of the mechanics change across difficulties.  All areas have some bonus objectives -- these are pretty uninspired, but don't detract from the gameplay experience at all (typically kill X mobs, which you easily complete if you explore the map, or burn X number of flags).Most of the inventory complaints seem to be with regard to M + KB.  The inventory management seems perfectly fine for my XBOX controller, minus the occasional issue with ""wheels"" where you try to select a slot, but jump to the next one by accident.  This is not uncommon and is hardly a criticism.It's ♥♥♥♥ing vikings, bro.  It's great.  Truth be told, I probably wouldn't pay more than 20-30 bucks for this game if I could do it again, but whatever.  I've spent more on worse."
76561198070953123,Recommended,404590,30781374,Posted: 27 March,all,xBlackCat_,"Would be nice if there was a Chance system on good loot which would make you farm a lot more, BUT from what i have played it's not a bad game, especially if you have a friend to play with."
76561198022185990,Not Recommended,404590,35346178,Posted: 30 September,all,shadow,"Pretty, but bad. I bought this game despite all the negative reviews.I haven't played it long, but long enough to know that the pathing is frustratingly bad and the combat even worse.I could overlook the poor explanation of game mechanics, or the unpolished UI, or even the lack of features that many other hack n slashes have. But if I don't feel like I have control of the character while in a critical fight then I won't play this game.Path of Exile is free, play that instead."
,Recommended,404590,35385410,Posted: 1 October,all,..::TridenT::..,difficult but very good game difficult !
,Recommended,404590,32725123,Posted: 24 June,all,Kirnl,While copping alot of hate on steam the only real issue i can see with this game is the price and i definitly would not have paids $40 USD for it.Other then the price i find the game play to be entertaining the skills feel like they have an impact amazing sound track and a very angry shield maiden makes for some amusing one liners. Play it with a friend it is a much better over all like most games of the genre.
76561198157798619,Recommended,404590,31006025,Posted: 7 April,all,Eternus_Nexus,"If you enjoy arcady RPGs then you'll love this game. It has pretty sharp graphics and animations. Also for as little hype this game had I'm genuinely impressed by it, easily one of the better games to come out this year."
,Recommended,404590,30986484,Posted: 6 April,all,Aerynes,"I played for a few hours and I think the game is lovely and a lot of fun. There are a few minor issues like Ultrawide monitors aren't supported but it only affects the UI. I'm sure someone in the community will come up with a fix eventually since the devs at Games Farm don't consider it to be a problem. I think a lot of people also dislike the game because the environment status effect, but it's really not that bad and there are items that can give you resistance to it.For most people this game will be a hit or miss so try playing it for a an hour and if you find it's not to your liking request a refund through steam."
,Not Recommended,404590,30711076,Posted: 24 March,all,XIAIX,"I played for exactly 85 minutes and was only able to achieve level 3 (on normal mode, single-player).   There are no tool-tips when you hover over any abilities/skills on your button palette that describe what the move does.  Inventory management is bad in that you must drag & drop everything (no right-click to equip/unequip).  Even in normal mode, getting hit by a few mobs is almost certain death, and couple that in with cold-weather creaping up, your combat will most likely be like this:  hit, hit, dodge, run, run, hit, quickly run to find a fire.  Rinse & repeat.  90% of your focus is on timing when you can get to the next fire to keep warm, leaving VERY little to appreciate any type of meaningful combat.  There is basically non-existent health regeneration leaving you to solely depend on finding a health well.  I was able to kill the very first boss on my first try, but the combat was very awkward and only 1 very, very crap blue (non-usable) piece dropped.  For the time and effort that I put into this already, it left an extremely sour taste and I've already un-installed and requested a refund.  For those of you who like to struggle for little reward and compensation, I sincerely hope you have fun."
76561198028856227,Not Recommended,404590,30742752,Posted: 25 March,all,Artaher,"Alright -Here's the real deal! None of this pointless random I found a bug so I'm returning the game!The price is too high! Who do they think they are Blizzard? Here's a few things that I found.1. Video Options: NO BOARDERLESS Window mode.Yup in the age where we have multiple Monitors.This game decided not to provide you with a Boardless Window Mode...So everytime you click off the selected monitor - Game Alt tabs.Yes you can play with the boarder but IMO I feel like this ruins the immersion of the game.2. Giant skill: Rock ThrowThis skill Stuns you!I've found on more than one occasion that if you're close to the Giant whenthis skill is used. It will target and follow when you roll/dodge.Opening you to an asswhooping you've never seen!!3. Ambient Sound.Lmao this one had me ROOLLLLING - sound like someone screaming/whinning.Doesn't sound anything like wind. Had to turn it down.4. Talent/Skill Tree.We all know there are 5 gifts to choose from. However all passives of that gift ""Meaning Stats enchance traits"" Are only applied when wielding the selected weapon. So there is no point in placing talent points into more than one tree, providing you with a linear building path.5. Attack Range.  (Odin Tree)Sometimes you get stuck? If an object or Mob is further away than you can strike with a Melee weapon. Your character will strike hopelessly into the air until you move within range. This only happen some of the time, but when It does. It ruins the gameplay. You'll also find you will strike a mob once and then you're out of range to hit it again.6. Random Voice dialogue option?After the 3rd stage - you're allowed to have some sway in the convesation. Which kind of seem off as you've haven't been able to have a dialogue option the entire time. Not a game breaking deal but it put me off for a moment.7. Selling items.With the keyboard and mouse - you're able to double click the item you wish to sell or drag and drop,  and press Enter to confirm the sell. However another box pops up showing what you received for the exchange. To which you have to manually clicked ""OK""  everytime you sell an item. You cannot press Enter again as the function is disabled. You're also unable to sale more than one item at a time.8. UpgradesEvery thing in your village that is either a store or your Alter requires Materials to upgrade.The altar enabled your Gifts Traits and passives to the next tier - Until it is upgraded you're stuck at tier 1 of your skills. Every store is tied to a main store which cannot be upgraded until you've upgraded the main! Also the upgrading anything outside of the Alter or Engraver doesn't feel worth it as the level of items crafted isn't on par with the resource requirements.Altar 3Gold - 60000Iron - 1650Wood - 4400Blacksmith - Smithy  Tier 2Gold - 5600Iron - 280Wood - 1100Plan of BloomeryBliacksmith - Armorer - ""Cannot be upgraded until Smithy is upgraded??"" <--- WHY!Gold -4400Iron - 360Wood - 1292Skald Tier 3 - ""accessories""Gold - 11000Iron - 400Wood - 3100Jotunjarn - 10Rune Smith Tier 2 - ""Enchanter""This shop is important as you cannot Engrave Tier 2 runes until you've upgraded this shop. Which cannot be upgraded until you've upgraded the accessories shop. Which has nothing to do with Engraving runes....Gold - 6700Iron - 80Skald II -9. Co-op mode...No idea where to start on this. Ok if a person join the game - it increase the mobs level or power. If that person just want to run around attacking resources base items, but not help you with any mobs. You're kind of stuck with them doing that as the game provides you with no way to remove them from your party. You're also unable to determine the person level.Another fun fact is that each time a person choose to join your game. It pauses the game and provide you with a player connecting box 0 - 100%. If that person connection or if the server is having issues. They'll drop from the game - just to turn around and try to rejoin. Which pauses your gameplay while they load for about 30 seconds or depending on their connection over a freaking minute.10. Skill placement -There is currently no options to remap the placement of the skills. So you find yourself taking level of of a skill just becaue the slot 2 is empty.11. Gifts and PassivesThere is no point in placing your talents into more than one tree.  As the passives such as - Increase HP, increase Crit, increase blood, and/or increase rune drops. Only affects you when you have that weapon in used and removes if you swap to the secondary weapon equipped. Providing you with a very linear buildnig path and imo Zero replay value.Personally I believe the Devs missed an opportunity. They should have enabled the Passives Talent Traits to be in affect  if you have the weapons equip in general and not limiting you to having the passives talent traits only in affect if your using the weapon.I only placed skilll points into the Odin Tree - As I read the small text letting you know it doesnt cross over. You'll find that some people in the community wasn't as lucky and is now noticing there is ""NO OPTION TO RESPECT"" your character in game and all deals are final!When I started writing this I really was enjoying the game. But after bringing up all these points. I realised how much its really annoying me. I have submitted my refund on this game."
76561198014642874,Not Recommended,404590,30711122,Posted: 24 March,all,Scottc777,Well 1st impressions are lack luster at best.I will admit - I am a harsh critic - however - I think with good reason.Browser game? that's what it feels like.Combat? Meh .. yawn fest so far.That cold aspect? annoying - doesn't add a thing imnsho.Worth the price? not even close ...I do reccomend it - with reservation.Wait for it to come down in cost.More to come ...I had to change my reccomendation in reality - it still needs LOTS of tweaking and I cannot and will not reccomend a game that's so far from polished.
76561198032106131,Recommended,404590,32634706,Posted: 21 June,all,hammerhorde,"I love the game. It plays well, the controls react accordingly, never had any crashes. Despite watching many negative reviews on youtube, I paid full price and am not sorry I did.I knew from the start it was not a game with the scale of contant that diablo 3 or Path Of Exile have. So knowing that from the get go will give you a more pleasing experience.  It is basic yet alot of fun. However, if you are the type of person that likes  games that give near infinate gameplay  like the two above mentioned games, I think you may not like it as much. The skill trees are relatively small but you could actually get all the skills in the game if you play it long enough. That though is something I could not do in a game like this. To me. This is the kind of game you play through two or three times and think it was pretty cool. Come back to it here and there and enjoy it for what it is."
,Not Recommended,404590,30722108,Posted: 25 March,all,The Punisher,"Clunky combat, awful voice acting in general. The dialogue is really bad sometimes, and the narrator reminds me of the eyepatch guy from the 300 movie. The exposure system got very annoying very fast."
76561198044772614,Not Recommended,404590,30722464,Posted: 25 March,all,SneakyErvin,"First game where I have asked for a refund and one of the few I've bothered reviewing.Game looks visually great, had no problems running it with a slightly old PC, but thats about all the good it has going for it. It lacks options for customizing the UI, the kb/m controls feel clunky and outdated. No way to swap place of skills in the hotbar. No real options when it comes to building the character, you pick a starting weapon, max it out and keep doing so. The point of 2 weapon sets I just couldnt find. The dodge system is also lacking. Not being able to see proper tooltips for things outside of the power tree is also a big drawback. No mass-sell or auto-sell option either. Wow there are so many flaws with the game, I cant stand mentioning them all.Storywise it's pretty fun and decent until you bump into the crusaders, who happen to be Vanir worhsippers. I mean come on, is it too edgy to make them actual followers of white Christ? Worst plot twist and the biggest disappointment in a game story so far. When ragnarök happens the war between Aesir and Vanir is but a memory, something htat happened long before out time. Turning Vanir into angels with a cult similar to christian crusaders is just... well I dont know what to call it. Could have kept the who crusader thing away and just turned the Vanir worshippers into another viking tribe.I do not recommend this game."
76561197979970421,Recommended,404590,30713610,Posted: 24 March,all,JMan141,Hello AllGreat GameLike Titan Quest and DiabloRuns great for me onSLI GTX 1080 FTWI7 4.4MHZ32GB DDR3 2400ASUS Rog Swift PG278Q 144HZ G-SYNCTMI get a max of 144 FPS and a Min of 108 FPSAnd there is a DEMO so how can you go wrong try the DEMO and just let that speak for itselfThankyou
76561198120120855,Not Recommended,404590,30714041,Posted: 24 March,all,Aki秋,"Well, What Can I SayIn total of underONE HOURi crashed 16 timesTime Into GameCrashes5 mins215 mins530 mins945 mins0"
76561198016997627,Recommended,404590,30807786,Posted: 28 March,all,anthony2782,"First off , 30+ hours of my pkay time was afkOk , so I must be one lucky SOB because I have encountered very few bugs , and the hit system ppl are complaining about I don't agree with at all , Is it as polished as D3 ? No , is it as bad as Gaurdians of Ember ? Not even close . It may be a little clunky depending on the class you play but over all , it could be much worse .. Hopefully the dev's are listening to their customers concern's and continue to update and improve this game . I did just find out that you lose everything but your skills upon completing the game and I must say that is just craziness . For me there's no point  continue playing   ? Thats why I play these type of games is so I continue to find bigger and badder gear ,  Please if a Dev is listening , could you give us some answers on future updates ? Will this be changed at any point or Is that a decision that stays ?All in all I can honestly say that Ive had fun so far so I'm going to give this a positive review . I really hope that this game gets a major update soon , because it has huge potential ,"
,Not Recommended,404590,31151765,Posted: 15 April,all,palO,BUGGED. You get stuck in so many spots...
76561198009214393,Recommended,404590,30815966,Posted: 29 March,all,[OCD] Mbutu Otutu,"Not very deep into the game, there are a few things that need tweaking.1. Leveling.  Its a globe, not a bar.  To see how much you need, you need to hit C and check there.  At least when youare able to level, there is a small + sign by the globe that tells you it is available.  I would prefer a bar, but its okay.2.  Raid income.  If you choose to subjegate, rather than loot, you get an income from raids for each subjegatedlocation.  I can find nowhere this is documented (how much income total per raid), nor at what point you earn it.Is it at the start of the raid?  End of the raid?  End of the raid only if all achievements have been met?  Future raids(forward in the story arch, or re-raiding old areas?).3.  Runesmith.  Finally figured out he doesn't craft runes, he only installs the ones you find.  Nor can he remove them(at least from what I've seen).  I may have missed where this was spelled out, so it may be my short-coming andnot the game's.  Not a lot of them drop that I've seen.4.  Final boss spoils.  Killed the final boss in a raid and went to collect items on the ground only to be wisked away tomy home or a cut scene.  Nearly blew a gasket until I realized they were automatically collected.   Would be easierif they weren't displayed on the ground.5.  Highlighting interactable items.  The gameplay says if I hold the left shift, I will see them.  Maybe so, but if I tryand move with the left shift down, I start attacking the air.  Probably meant to be used only in stationary mode.6.  Blood collection.  It flies all over the place and is NOT automatically collected upon a kill.  You literally have torun around and look for it, hovering it up.Like I said, minor tweaks, maybe not even necessary.  I thuroughly enjoy the game in single player.  Don't know how blood and loot collection work in multi-player.  Plan to play it for many more hours.  Only tried the warrior so far.Want to finish that before I try something that looks to be more challanging."
76561198265554482,Not Recommended,404590,30869826,Posted: 1 April,all,Matthew,"If you like titans quest, diablo 2, path of exile, torchlight 2, boderlands, diablo 3, sacred 2, hellgate london, fate, grim dawn.Don't expect the same kind of game. This is more a far better version of sacred 3.  It's very narrow in what it gives you, items are almost scripted and don't feel random to me at all. Combat feels a bit more like god of war than diablo. Best with a controller.For a sacred 3/god of war style game, it's good. It gets the job done. Combat is often difficult. Which makes you try and perfectly roll and attack on normal difficulty. Bossess are actually extremely tough. Which is not always a good thing.But if your expectations see loot drops, skill trees, and that tells you to expect a diablo style game. You will be severely dissapointed.With those expectations, this game gets a 2/10. With the expecations that this is a simple hack in slash with a light skill tree and a linear style game. It's a solid 6/`10."
,Recommended,404590,30734104,Posted: 25 March,all,InterDimensionalOwl,Fun and satisfying so far.
76561197970929179,Recommended,404590,30767373,Posted: 27 March,all,Brjyndrrwuulf,"Wolves of Midgard 10/10  Soundtrack 10/10While this title is not polished up to the high standards of Diablo 3 and I am looking forward to a Diablo 2 remake release very much so at some point in the future, this is still a great title. The problem is that with most people including myself , even a single player/ single player co-op title these days must compete with MMORPG titles that have quite a lot of things to do to keep the players interested and comming back i.e GUILD WARS 2 PvE aspect etc. Given time this title will have more DSLs and maybe even some expansions and plenty of other distractions to keep the players in the camp ,which would be super since this is a fun game to play .A very very big thankyou to the developers of "" Wolves of Midgard "" thanks so much for releasing this game title -- really love it. Its more than good enough for me . Hope there will be a Druid and Necromancer character/s to play at some future point of development.By the way the soundtrack is 10/10 really well done I can't really fault this title at all love playing a Viking character, hope the developers will include traveling to other parts of the world somewhat like Titan Quest apart from traveling to other Realms of the Universe [ Upper -- Middle -- Lower ] split into the Nine Realms.Blizzard [Diablo 3 ] really dropped the ball by not creating a Viking type of character for Diablo 3 apart from the Barbarian or a Druid and a Necromancer at the initial point of release quite some years ago. Very sad. Apart from Wolves of Midgard the only title that touches on Vikings very somewhat indirectly might be Skyrim or the Norn from Guild Wars 2 and apart from a few other titles thats about it. Not much out there apart from this Title."
76561197974822726,Recommended,404590,30764508,Posted: 26 March,all,Turbo -FK-,"Great game so far, easy to learn and offers a lot to keep you busy. I just hope they make some more content and expansions later on."
,Recommended,404590,34411372,Posted: 22 August,all,hatniX,"Vikings WOM offers all the gameplay that you expect from such a game. Also some rune-puzzles and environment effects on some of the maps enriches the gameplay. One of those environment effects is for example freezing, where you have to visit campfires regulary in order to not freeze to death. Even if some gamers complaining about it, I love it. It freshens up the gameplay.All in all a very good hack & slash game. In my opinion it's worth every cent."
76561198081328771,Recommended,404590,33235783,Posted: 4 July,all,Optimat,"This is the best game in the genre! I played almost all games like this: from the Diablo 1 to Van Helsing. I only this game I would like to recommend for everyone.Pros:1) Gameplay is very dynamical. Too much action, blood, vibration.2) This is the only game that creates interesting battle. This is not ""press x to win"". You should think, play, act accurately.3) All strikes look like very realistic and, at the same time, very beautiful.4) All classes are interestingCons:1) Some bosses can be too much difficult. So, you have to toil to defeat them.2) I would like to have more classes and more builds for the character.Anyway, that is the best game for recent 2 years"
76561198013842986,Recommended,404590,30795305,Posted: 28 March,all,mamba,"As an ARPG it is too shallow, for a HnS it is good enough. Think more a complex Gauntlet than a Grim Dawn, Titan Quest, Torchlight or DIablo.If you know Sacred 3 (and ignore the bad reviews of it, these are people upset about it not being like S2 despite the name, more than a real critique of S3 itself), this is pretty much the same with slightly more variety. There are random drops and somewhat more of a skill tree, but not overly so.Mouse control is ok, despite what some say. I have been using it with no problems, the only thing I do not like much is that I often auto target destructibles without wanting to (I am using a bow, maybe that would not be true for melee), but that solves itself by them being hit. A few times I also target something indestructible, which is annoying but easily fixed by moving the mouse a bit.Roll to avoid attack makes the whole thing rather easy though, I hardly get hit when I pay attention, which makes even most boss fights rather easy.The UI could use some improvements (selling / buying) and I do not like that the same areas get reused for side quests (essentially to hunt for more materials to upgrade the city).Losing all items when starting NG+ is also the dumbest idea in a game of the past 10 years. Hope a patch gets rid of this nonsense.I wish I would not have to say yes/no on recommended as I am not really leaning strongly either way. If you like simpler HnS over relatively more complex ARPGs, this is fine. If D3 is too arcady for you, this definitely will be too, stick to Grim Dawn and PoE then."
,Not Recommended,404590,30714689,Posted: 24 March,all,trummel,I absolutely love norse mythology but this game is just a travesty. Clunky as hell. Do not buy until they make some major changes to gameplay.
76561198073243878,Recommended,404590,30759659,Posted: 26 March,all,nkruwow,"Hi AllI've been playing many H&S for years (Diablo, PoE, Grim Dawn, Titan Quest, Victor vran, Van helsing, Torchlight, ...)I like ""Vikings"" because it brings something new and is very different from Diablo on many aspectsFirst, the leveling mechanism is different - Instead of simply killing tons of mobs to get XP, in Vinkings you get blood ""shards"" which can then be used to improve some attributes - The great thing is that the way you collect does not depends on the number of mobs you kill, but how you kill them - Meaning that the gameplay is more rewarding than in DiabloSecond, the NPC (e.g. smith, ...) are quite important because they will provide weapons ""necessary"" to progress in the game - In Diablo, it is quite simple to level up these NPC (just need to farm gold), while in Vikings you actually need to collect some consumables (such as wood and iron) and in quite a large quantity, meaning that again this aspect of the game is more rewarding (Also because you need the same consumables to develop the ""Alter of god"" that allows you to learn new skills for your character, so at least at the beginning of the game you have to decide how to spend these hard earned consumables!)Third, unlike Diablo or even PoE, the maps are not full of monsters and then I found the fights more interesting (It is less about packing 100+ mobs and AoE them) - Dodging and evading attacks become important component of the gameplay - Especially for the bosses - So far I am playing in ""Normal"" difficulty, and it is easy to die with a mindless gameplay - As in D3, better stuff makes a diff, but not only thatI like the Vikings spirit of the game! To earn consumables you can ""Raid"" (similar to Set Dungeons in D3)Now let's be honest, some aspects of the game could (and I am sure will) be improved:- The idea of exposure to elements (well to cold) is interesting, but not well implemented. At the moment it is rather anoying. But this can be easily modified in the next patches.- To improve the feeling of immersion in Viking land, would be great to have a map- I have't tried to multiplayer mode yet- Raiding maps to get consumables quickly becomes repetitive - Random map generation would be great!- This game is not for you if you like trashing 500+ mobs in less than 1 minuteIn summary, I like this game - It is refreshing - Gameplay more rewarding than in D3 and current limitations can easily be adressed in next patches"
,Recommended,404590,30713495,Posted: 24 March,all,STEALTHxKILLZ,"Ok 1st things 1st ....the trend on STEAM seems to be play less than an hour and and kill a game with a bad review like the following.....play a port game ....with M/K are you high ? it is a port fool its going to be wonkyif your PC can not play a port game from ps4 or xbox one......get off steam right now and smash your PCthe video i seen saying no options....WTF are you smoking i have thembad FPS ...... really lolits to easy for me ......how you played 1 hour which shows you how to play lol and there are settings to make it insaneetc.I must say so far I love the ...music 9/10look of game 9/10combat 9/10skilltree 8/10movement 9/10crafting 8/10fun......10/10enemy looks 9/10world 9/10sound 9/10love the little things likesnow deepness vary,the worlds enviroment can hurt you like getting to cold ,etcblood and gore are nice,world is well done and there is a place to test your might for better gear and crafting gear is easy but you must farm the stuff and so far its stats are randomfeel free to watch me play on STEAM and i will answer questions if able , this game is like D3,Path,torchlight,grimdawn etcno bugs for me,framerate great,smooth combat,good voice overs,etcdon't miss out on a good game because of BAD reviews, I mean how much can you do in a game like this in 1 hour."
76561198139225060,Recommended,404590,30714736,Posted: 24 March,all,Deez_Nats,Good game. it should have a higher rating imo.
,Not Recommended,404590,30716641,Posted: 24 March,all,Mingzhi2000,-Terrible hitfeel-Poor gift/talent system
76561197970515619,Recommended,404590,30903005,Posted: 2 April,all,Metalprophet,Very nice Action RPG with Vikings!!!
76561198001556326,Not Recommended,404590,30896158,Posted: 2 April,all,Abelard,It sad that I've already played 15 hours and can't refund this buggy piece of...At first this game looked great but more you play more bugs you find.The last straw was progress wipe on my main character after I tryed some other. Now he is level 16 at storychapter 2 with all building upgrades lost... Don't waste your time.
76561198149671046,Recommended,404590,30750950,Posted: 26 March,all,weaponsprime01,KEYBOARD AND MOUSE IS FINE - NO WASD controls - wasd = dodging. (Left mouse button attack or rodge/or move) its exactly like titan quest. The game is beatiful. Im only lvl 9 1hand and shield - then I have a lvl 4 2hander. The game has 4 diffcultys. You cant change the difficulty til after u finish it. Then New Game + youll have better loot and difficulty. Its the NEW grim dawn and TITAN quest. 2 ppl can play at a time. You can host/find online games.ONLINE PLAY is easier. The game is actually hard by yourself. You have to dodge and attack. This game takes a little skill and a little time. The rewards are not as fast.. like grim dawn lvl 10 in 5 minutes. I have 3-4 hours and im barely dead - did like 5 maps.You can make armor/weapon/runes/rings/belts/everything healing tailmans 0- legendary items - purple items.. I EVEN have this purple weappon 1/3 lvl 30 to use...I love it... and I think if you can get it for 30-40$ its worth it... 50$ and quit playing your main game... not 100% sure. BUT defintly a good grim dawn or titan quest alternative
,Recommended,404590,30756821,Posted: 26 March,all,TheFurion,"Not a bad game at all, just not a great one either. Gets a bit repetative from time to time. Good story though. Just doesn't have that special something that makes me want to keep grinding monsters like Diablo or Grim Dawn. I'd say wait for it to come on sale. I regret paying full price for it. I'd say it would be worth it on a half price sale but for this price Grim Dawn or Diablo 3 are far better choices. If you really like Vikings though give it a go as the story is quite enjoyable."
76561198051557865,Not Recommended,404590,30928633,Posted: 3 April,all,Kraul,"Terrible end game and very buggy.The game and controls are fun, so if you want to repeat the game over and over again with NG+, you'll like it.  Other than that, no end game.  You can only have one other person with you on Multiplayer, which is also a buzz kill.  Overall, I give the game a 4/10.  All 4 points on the gameplay.  6 missing points on the lack of end game and the many bugs."
,Not Recommended,404590,30913885,Posted: 2 April,all,jakeisonline,"A fantastic example of great artwork and good gameplay ruined by very poor and short-sighted user experience and interface design, with little compelling reason to progress the game.Those familiar with similar games will find inventory management and trading to be incredibly frustrating. Applying runes to weapons and armor took a fair amount of time to figure out. Selling items must be done individually, as well as buying items. New Game+ is basically just a wipe and restart - those coming from D3 may be in for a shock. Weapons, abilities and skill trees are rather boring, and they almost seem to disincentive weapon switching of any kind.This all detracts from an otherwise nice game. It's a chore to play. Just don't bother above a $10 price point, as I doubt anything will actually be improved beyond fixing obvious bugs."
76561197985782402,Recommended,404590,31830520,Posted: 18 May,all,Lord Khane,"This is a decent game just not the best decisions in a few areas.  Others have posted their gripes my main is no world map. Just seems lame porting to wherever to fight and back to the village. Should have done a map even if they kept this design of boating/porting to and from the other locations at least you have a world map and can see WHERE it is you are going in the world and where you are. As well as seeing how much you have left to explore, maybe that was why it was left out?Other gripe for me was the UI or lack of. Will leave it there.Other than that was a decent game to scratch the ARPG itch grab it on a sale if you can 20.00 not a bad price range."
,Recommended,404590,30714442,Posted: 24 March,all,stefanw1337,"Knowing this game was gonna be hard AF, I started on the easy difficulty and haven't regretted a bit. Went with Bow first off and Shield on 2nd weapon. Using mouse and keyboard like I normally do, I noticed when you move, and there's something attackable the character stops to shoot it. Which is unfortunate when fighting bosses where there's crates and boxes around, takes time to get used to have a roll(when not slotted in slot 1, where I usually keep my get-out button). Skillbars doesn't have tooltips nor can the skills be moved around, so they're getting a minus for that. The keybindings also doesn't have a ""stand still while attacking"" button. But I managed to get around it by unbinding and using Left Shift. I rather have space, but I also understand the game has a dedicated roll button that cannot be my 1 skill(else that messes things up cuz OCD).Also I haven't come very far, like level 6ish. I got a new epic bow at level 3, which requires level 28. I found that very good, but kinda odd to find at such low levels. I mean there's so much time until I can use that, and I just started the game when I got it. I have something to look forward to, but also unsure I'll play it for that long. Depends on what's further into the game, endgame, newgame+ etc.But so far I like the game, it's kinda easy on easy(and I feel like bow is easy on top of what's easy). And I like to slay hordes and hordes, so it's fine when I know next difficulty is quite harsh. And I don't mind, I just want to play for the loot, levels and story. Don't think you can change difficulty once started either, which is kind of a shame.3 hours into the game and I'm still having fun. Would recommend so far!Also there's a 250mb patch already,just hours after release. It could fix some of the bugs I haven't encountered many of. This shows that they are on the ball and really want the game to be good and do well. And now again a 88mb patch."
76561197983835212,Recommended,404590,30759372,Posted: 26 March,all,› Julia Roberts,"Game does was it claims.  Not particularly far into the game yet, but the difficulty is refreshing so far.  A lot of fun playing with a friend.Do wish I could help with crafting station upgrades while joined in a game, the host is somewhat on their own in that regard.Loving the the enviromental factor.Enjoying it thus far."
76561198013981510,Recommended,404590,30713426,Posted: 24 March,all,Moobees,Freakin awesome game.so worth it for the money.buy it now!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198037498070,Recommended,404590,30712505,Posted: 24 March,all,proxima,"Great game, I love it!"
76561198072096845,Recommended,404590,30715284,Posted: 24 March,all,Grae3107,"This is a decent Diablo-like game with some interesting mechanics such as having to find fires to stop yourself from freezing to death in snowy areas.Graphics and sound are both good and the controls are decent.  Would have liked more character creation options but other than that, I can't complain.Worth getting even at full price."
76561197998359425,Recommended,404590,30714620,Posted: 24 March,all,dikkeveter,"Its a nice arpg like diablo III, realy loving it. I enjoy it more then Grim Dawn and Path of Exile. Do not listen to the negative people and give this game a chance, you wont be disappointed."
76561198034588286,Recommended,404590,30721708,Posted: 25 March,all,pewpewlazerguns,great game been playing for hours no crashes so far pretty rewarding  only improvements it could use is vendor and inventory managing like a hotkey to auto sell items and if you wanna spend gold to change into resources you gotta keep clicking it for hours to buy a ton of it should just be able to fill in the amount you want small improvements
76561198085883004,Recommended,404590,30729874,Posted: 25 March,all,Garen,"Pretty serious game has still to be improved, music drama is very good. Action is not too smooth, production team need to continue to work hard。It's very obvious that production team try to love for the game and their own work。fighting  fighting  fighting"
76561197965647289,Recommended,404590,33441924,Posted: 10 July,all,S1lver,"Really fun game. to play co-op game mechanism really great and enjoyable to look at, and feels great to play. It has the best Healtpotion system i've tried better than grimdawn and diablo 2,3. the mechanism with you have to get to a campfire before you freeze to death is really nice. I would love to play it further.But it feels like playing a beta when i Refer to this:2. NPC's such as blacksmiths and the armorer again are not possible to be upgraded by the second player, as all resources have to be spent by player one to be enjoyed. Unlike the altar, we've realized that I can enjoy the benefits from him upgrading the NPC's as new equipment can be found, but in a way it seems unfair since we've both gone through the same adventures it's only fair we be able to share our blood and coin as we have fought as two chieftains side by side. The way it's currently at, one person has to spend all of their money while the other player just sits around and clings onto their coat tail.3. Should you happen to disconnect from the host game, and play on your own. No matter how far you've progressed in the main story line, you will be thrown back all the way to the beginning as the game only saves the character and not the story. This ruins the fun as I had no real intentions to re-run the whole story line since we've put so much effort to find skulls and resources through quests, only for me to find out that it's gone to waste and my village will remain a complete dump. I then have no desire to rerun and find all of the iron skulls and resource quests as again it has taken so much time to find it once, that finding it a second time on the same difficulty provides absolutely no real benefit. The fun is also ruined due to the fact that coming back to my own village, I'm overpowered since we ran through the story line before I'm stuck at a high level completing trivial quests that were created for low level characters.In the end i've tried to make a new game, but that ended up resetting my character. My whole progression is now lost:(If not fixed, patched or whatever. I will ask for a refund on next monday. I will simply not play og pay for this error. so sorry."
,Recommended,404590,34635361,Posted: 31 August,all,Alethkar,I have really enjoyed this game. It has good controller support (I HATE click to move) a great dodge mechanic and CO-OP on the same PC! Great for steam machine.The story isn't too bad so far. The motif of Vikings and frost giants really brings it home for me. The combat is good as well.You have 2 sets of weapons and your weapons dictate your *special* skills.BIGGEST CON: It doesnt support 3840 rez. It did when I logged into it at first but ever since I opened the settings I haven't been able to get the hi rez back.BIGGEST PRO: Couch CO-OP
76561197962084709,Not Recommended,404590,30724752,Posted: 25 March,all,Ironsides,ok I have changed my review to negative and requested refund some reasons why....1. UI troubles could not buy certain things off vender without the use of controller.2. no Shared stash loot.3. scripted loot. they took away the 1 reason why people play these games and the crafting system is crappy.4. Fps drops for no reason on a very high end system.5. lack lusters skills really really ♥♥♥♥♥♥ im reinstalling TL2.6. NEW GAME + wtf is this loose all items and resources lol♥♥♥♥♥♥off!!!7. BUggy Buggy buggy!1. POsitive you can get refunds on steam............Guys i love viking lore and mythology which is why i pre orded but unless they LISTEN to negative comments and patch game i just cant recommend it at this stage. THIS game had such POTENTIAL.............Im really dissapointed the dev who decided to change how loot works in the game needs to be sacked its utter utter♥♥♥♥♥♥and the replay value here is nonexistent.
76561198052298297,Recommended,404590,30725212,Posted: 25 March,all,larsws,"This game has me hooked already.It's not a looter quite in the style of Diablo og Grim Dawn though. You have to dodge attacks constantly and find the rhytm of your opponent to be succesful. Levelling also isn't nearly as fast, as you work to progress giving you the feeling og having achieved a little something for putting in the effort.I'm not anywhere near the end content yet, so I don't know yet just how much time can be sunk into this, once you've achieved a run through."
76561197991465949,Recommended,404590,30709370,Posted: 24 March,all,Gagarin,"Very solid ARPG! Nice graphics, awesome battles and good controls. Oh, and music also awesome."
,Recommended,404590,34536297,Posted: 27 August,all,Mr. A.J. Naz,"Neutral review as its a fairly recent game and the small problems I noticed so far can be fixed.Starting off you basically have 2 things to remember while fighting. Attack and Move. Your also given different options for how you wanna do that. I get to the first boss after clearing the whole map, and I found that certain hitboxes affect how your cursor registers actions. Example, I wanted to draw my attacks away from the boss, to hit smaller enemies attacking from behind, while I was close to the boss, I couldnt select attacking the smaller enemies behind me, and this affected my chances of winning.Default controls are different than what your used to. You will see when you start clicking and using WASD to move. I had to configure it slightly to get it working normally, as it should have being right off the bat. Where R click was move, L click was attack and WASD for rolling in those directions.Other than that, you should be good to go, this game reminds me of gauntlet. Flexibilty in how you build your character with skill points and unlocking new abilites as you level to spice your fighting up is great."
76561198008273356,Recommended,404590,30717706,Posted: 24 March,all,Laban,Pretty good
,Not Recommended,404590,30786124,Posted: 27 March,all,YontEvnKnow,"Just dont. Floaty, unsatisfying combat."
76561198006542192,Not Recommended,404590,31033248,Posted: 8 April,all,chriswoo,"Don't waste your time if you're looking for a Diablo like game. It's slow action, the graphics are glitchy, especially if you're fighting, and the storyline is ""huh?""Honestly, don't bother but hey, don't let me stop you."
76561198095806128,Not Recommended,404590,30730714,Posted: 25 March,all,Xutari420,I like the whole concept of the game. But they really need to fix it up if they hope to go anywhere with it. I'll be giving it another shot in a couple of weeks.
,Recommended,404590,30734162,Posted: 25 March,all,Spesis,"Good game, lots of fun :)"
,Recommended,404590,31077334,Posted: 11 April,all,Snakev24,"Found this game to be good liked the way the game is made, but after a while was finding the maps to get a Tony bit repetitive, but apart from that love the game and will continue to play it."
76561198118145410,Not Recommended,404590,30727202,Posted: 25 March,all,ferguson7946,Why did I choose this over Mass Effect to buy? What an idiot.
76561198085455728,Not Recommended,404590,30711396,Posted: 24 March,all,Mr Castrol,Not worth $47NZ at all.Tryed to enjoy it.The mouse and Keyboard feel's very wonky!!!and using the mouse to move is cool idea but!!!! i don't want to shoot every think in site get's annoying.When doing mission's say first lvl there's no map marker's to help with some of ice thing's left me walking around felt like 17 hours.Weather system is cool idea i like it!!! But!!! during boss fight's yeah mmm.Character Movment seem's very very  slow D3 much faster.overall i will not recommend this! still seem's there's alot more work to chuck at this game.
76561198046359502,Recommended,404590,31301410,Posted: 22 April,all,Danny,Good game to play through on a weekend!
76561198052982209,Recommended,404590,30806934,Posted: 28 March,all,afflictions1,"I give this game a thumbs up but it is BARELY a thumbs up. Here is why:The game starts out extremely fun. Like others had said it before, you have to take it for what it is. Of course you can play it on easy and normal and breeze through it. Or you can put it on hard and insane and get a decent challenge from it. The skill trees are eh, but they really dont take anythign away from the game. The skills are ok but you are limited to 5 ( 10 if you count weapon swapping). Similar to Guild Wars 2.The game falls off extremely hard at end game. You finish the first run through of the game and are feeling good....until you get to the title screen and it tells you that you are starting bare bones again and you only keep your skills. That means all the gear you farmed far....gone. All the time spent building up your city....gone. Any of the acients you didnt have the luck of getting before you finished the first run through... gone. And you are left to start all over again.This leaves for an extremely empty end game. There is not ""carrot on the stick"" to keep you going. Having to farm the same beginner gear over and over is kind of boring.The second fall off for me is the price tag. 40$ US for this title isn't, in my opinion, just isnt worth it in its current state.Maybe if they fix the end game it would be better.Best way to describe this game is Diablo meets Dark Souls meets Vindictus."
,Not Recommended,404590,30902285,Posted: 2 April,all,Oh! Mikey!,"I don't recommend this game even if there is discount, why?Mainly because the New Game+ is so broken.  Beside you will lose all items, you lose your level up rewards too.  The situtation is, at level 20 you have 20 reward points to spend on +armor / + atk speed / etc, however when you start New Game + on level 20, you lose ALL rewards, the later you start New Game+ you suffer more.  THIS IS STUPID!  Really no point to start New Game+, oh no, I mean no point to play this game!  Skip this until the developer fix everything!"
,Recommended,404590,30933736,Posted: 3 April,all,Coke Ennyday,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YyExj7ox0NEvideo review
,Recommended,404590,30712867,Posted: 24 March,all,Wollowon,Not Bad.
,Recommended,404590,30722313,Posted: 25 March,all,[PCKS] Spazzie,"Brilliant game, absolutely recommended for aRPG lovers and Viking enthusiasts.However, more character slots would be nice, since there are 5 deities/classes and only 4 char slots.. a bit disappointing.Keep going, Kalypso! Nice job with this one!"
,Recommended,404590,30714498,Posted: 24 March,all,isnogood,"6 hours in the first session. I like it so far, totally worth the money if u like hack and slash"
,Recommended,404590,30843244,Posted: 30 March,all,swayok,"Good game. But it does not worth the listed price right now. It needs polishing.Has some interesting mechanics. Story is interesting too but don't expect that your answers will change anything.Also there are a pack of quite annoying bugs but they won't ruin gameplay that much. Also don't expect items grinding. There are not that many items to collect. Mostly you will craft your items (nothing interesting here either). Don't go grinding on side quests (repeatable quests to clean up territory). Ever. You'll not need iron or wood that much to waste your time. The only reason to revisit map is to get some missed superior chest (normal chests contain nothing interesting) hidden in sone kind of puzzle. There are usually some good items or parts of legendary weapons. Good idea is to go to trials - they give 5 rewards (resources, glyps, item and +1 gift point).I invested gift points only to Odin's path and there was no need to waste points for other paths because passives are not cumulative and when you use Odin's path (staff) you won't get benefits of Loki's passives. Up until lvl 30 you'd better invest points to 1 skill tree to max your benefits. You can swith between weapons to make use of 2 paths but actually jack of everything is master of none."
76561198033978084,Recommended,404590,30718614,Posted: 24 March,all,PKM,"This game so far is great fun, it is bloody and different enough to have fun and keep you entertained. It is $60 on consoles so this price is good.  I pre-ordered it and was excited to see it. After finally getting  it, i am not disappointed... Try it out, i love the demo availability so you don't have to worry about the bad reviews. Just try it out and you'll see, then you'll want the full game!UPDATE:the recent changes have made this game much better!  when you re-play a raid the bosses are there to help you level up.I honestly do not understand the bad reviews, this is seriously a great game and is WAY under appreciated and WAY under rated.  Very fun game, TRY IT OUT, they give you a demo becuase it really is a good game!"
76561198060586973,Recommended,404590,30729027,Posted: 25 March,all,maciora,"Great dynamic ARPG with dodging mechanic, making fight more fluid and demanding.Fight - fight is fluid and much more interesting then just point and click / go back / return and try again like in Diablo3 for example. Here you need to dodge, roll, attack from behind, monsters have many kind of attacks u need to avoid and defeating the boss (especially on hard) feels like you have achieved something...Classes - depends from the GOD you will worship your gameplay experience will also be changed. Loki for example is dual wield fast attack (but it does not mean he is squishy), you have Tyr, Thor, Odin and Shatti gods, all of them with different weapon class.Items -  I liked skills ideas (like talisman granting you some skill) - items dont have level ( so even something got on the beginning can be usefull).  Seems that legendary item is really legendary, with nice bonuses.Devs update game frequently, so bugs (if any still exist) will be ironed out quickly...Totally recommended if you like ARPG (with more content to go this game can be even better!)"
,Recommended,404590,30728540,Posted: 25 March,all,FearmaKY,"Good game, nice progression.Fun with friend go Hard mode or Insane for a better challenge."
76561198050240762,Recommended,404590,30715623,Posted: 24 March,all,Succbus69,"Vikings - Wolves of Midgard -Like : Graphics - Pretty decent , Character creation - Pretty decent , Combat interface - Good, Storyline - Interesting.Dislike : Save game System - Auto Save games r really awful thing also overwriting any other game play.Overall : very fun Hack & Slash Game.my score : 7/10"
76561198168371501,Recommended,404590,33180248,Posted: 3 July,all,Skäggyxa,"A really fun experience, Best played with friends.It dose not revolutionize the genre but if you are a fan of viking/norse mythology seating this is a good buy"
,Recommended,404590,30753828,Posted: 26 March,all,Sinraj,Not bad. Would rate 7 out of 10. A few bugs here and there but nothing game-breaking.For me atm it lacks one feature - full item highlighting (right now it only highlights dropped items but not breakable stuff).
76561197997157294,Recommended,404590,33222156,Posted: 4 July,all,sartos979,"everyone who loved champions of norrath or champions:return to arms will have fun with this.its not as good as the originals but after a looong time of hoping for a remake, this is pretty fun in couch coop"
76561198063860280,Recommended,404590,34513061,Posted: 26 August,all,MR. POTATO,"I will say if you like diablo and vikings, then I say you should go for it, this game mix both diablo and the viking coltur nicely, it has some few problems in my eyes, with some bulky controls, but nothing you cant get used to fast. Aswell it gives some more challenge to the diablo style games, as not only is the enemies after you, but if you dont wacth out the map will to, like in the open snow areas, if you dont find some fire now and then, you will freeze to death, wich I find better, make it feel more like you are in that place."
,Recommended,404590,35305325,Posted: 29 September,all,Bite The Pillow Im Going In Dry,If you love hack n slash buy it. If you don't like hack n slash void it.
,Recommended,404590,30718065,Posted: 24 March,all,Trith72,"Excellent ARPG and worth the money.  It scrathes the Diablo III/Grim Dawn itch very well.  Reminds me a bit of Dungeon Siege 3 except with a better combat system and more polished mechanics.  I actually like the enviromental damage quite a bit and the combat is wieghty enough to make me grin sometimes when body parts go flying.  I sat down to play for about 15 to 20 minutes before putting in my usual Grim Dawn time and wound up losing myself for about 2 hours in this game.  If you are a fan of slugfest ARPG games, Vikings will not dissappoint you at all."
76561198004384875,Recommended,404590,30740459,Posted: 25 March,all,Gust,"I like it, but it's too tedious.  I like the score, the art and the aesthetic, I hate that I need so much iron to upgrade every single camp resource.  I realize your poising yourself to compete with the likes of WoW and Diablo, but there are things that WoW and Diablo got wrong.I see potential here.  There needs to be fewer restrictions on blessings and character building, and less focus on turning over every rock for resources in the very short maps.Not going to toss the game out though.  I have a good feeling about what you guys are doing here"
,Recommended,404590,35269763,Posted: 28 September,all,Odin's Son,"Pretty fun and challenging by yourself.  But when you play local with a teammate, even on the hardest difficulty it is still easy as hell.  Make it harder when you have 2 people because right now it is way too easy."
76561198352803359,Not Recommended,404590,35453547,Posted: 3 October,all,darkslayer354,I wish I could play this game but it's not letting me play! I just get to the part after character customization and then it goes to load but just stays loading until the screen turns white and a note comes up stating that the game isn't responding!!!! I really want to play this game!!! Well.....refund time I guess! :(
76561198164952985,Not Recommended,404590,35398636,Posted: 1 October,all,lukepow,"Got halfway through and it looks like a comon bug whilte not let me continue. Won't let me upgrade my longship... and thus the journey ends in lameness...Game was great until then, but a half finished game is always disapointing.Maybe someone who's more patch savy could solve it."
76561198043110374,Not Recommended,404590,32009239,Posted: 27 May,all,pbigdawg30,"Game is same old♥♥♥♥♥♥ I paid $40 for Nothing new or diffrent. I have given this game some play time to learn and figure things out, but i did not need it lol it doesnt change same thing over and over again! a lot of the same mobs, quest etc. game is very weak for $40.00. Do Not Buy this game go spend $50 on Diablo 3 and have a lot more fun!!!!"
,Not Recommended,404590,30756905,Posted: 26 March,all,Tatsumasa,"Brings nothing new to the genre other than a painful way to manage inventory clearly akin to the console style it was made for. You know, the select this head slot, now you can see all your head armor in a menu. Also none of the more advanced UI nuances such as a comparison for equipment upgrades."
76561198127442911,Recommended,404590,30711472,Posted: 24 March,all,findtheeswing1,"Just a quick review here.  Yes its a console port but i dont care, i use a game pad for many games and this plays like a dream.Graphically it looks good, it really captures the subject matter nicely.I like the exposure system, it adds a nice little touch of danger when clearing maps. Ive had zero problems with it as its easily managed and is a nice extra layerControls are smooth and the roll function is really nice in boss encounters.  Its quick and responsive and fun to useAll in all a lovely fun arpg that i can see myself putting a good amount of time into.The ui is fine, no bugs no crashes and i dont care about this 4k rubbish"
76561198047021705,Recommended,404590,30733395,Posted: 25 March,all,Teep,"Very nice game, works well with keyboard&mouse, and the normal mode is already quite challenging. With hard&insane behind.Edit : went from normal to Insane Valhalla, this completely changes the game and makes it 1000 times better. Will slow down your progression however."
76561197988171653,Not Recommended,404590,30930739,Posted: 3 April,all,Jarrett,"If you're hoping for a fleshed out A-RPG like I was - look elsewhere.This is an indie RPG story game being marketed as an A-RPG.Is it fun? Sure.. a little bit.. for a while.Would I reccomend it to my friends? No.Is it worth the pricetag? Not even close.Very linear, very little random loot, get's repeatative really fast.Hold on to your cash for something more deserving."
,Recommended,404590,30850393,Posted: 31 March,all,TripTaku,I like it so far. Reminds me on Victor Vran with Viking Theme :-)
76561197977457625,Recommended,404590,30795146,Posted: 28 March,all,Kotli,I find this game fun and I like playing it. Its a decent ARPG with some unqiue stuff.Each weapon type S&B duel weild bow two handed and staff has unique fighting style and speical power tree from it's god. Then theres the taliman item skills etc.I recommend this game if you like ARPGs.
,Recommended,404590,30864594,Posted: 31 March,all,RainMakerXIII,Great Action RPG Hack & Slash.
76561198065937188,Not Recommended,404590,30719007,Posted: 24 March,all,daLiquidBoss,"Was looking forward to a decent dungeon crawler. Super boring. Just hold the left mouse button down and smash everything. Either you live through a horde or you don't, no strategy needed."
76561198055463726,Not Recommended,404590,30963771,Posted: 5 April,all,Oh no Kitties!,The gameplay is actually fun but gets repetitive.Bosses are easy as ♥♥♥♥. Like real easy u know.Final boss fight sucks too.Looks like unpolished gem.
,Recommended,404590,30725694,Posted: 25 March,all,-✰ RemorselessX ✰-,"What can i say game is lovely, im lvl 12 atm and didnt encounter any fram rate nor performace issues.Game runs greatGameplay is pretty much straight forward fun and challanging, the only thing i dislike is the  objectives its easy to miss them so you have tu run around the map over and over to do them 100%"
,Recommended,404590,30800779,Posted: 28 March,all,hey corman,I actually enjoy this game unlike most people. The boss fights at the end of each level are pretty fun.
76561198005613285,Recommended,404590,30801626,Posted: 28 March,all,Mumbazo,Good fun and an interesting story line so far :)
76561198030000283,Recommended,404590,30721825,Posted: 25 March,all,Nazumagal,Really fun gameplay that not a lot of ARPG's can capture.
,Not Recommended,404590,31272647,Posted: 21 April,all,MaDGoBLiN,"Unfortunately for me Vikings - Wolves of Midgard is not this game which I wish and like. Nice graphic and interface and vikings theme of the game the only these thing were good for me. Because so boring and samely gameplay cause you stop and delete it may be after 5 hours of gameplay. The same quests on every map, no need to thinks about skills because from start for exsample you choose bow or two-handed hero and all skill will be only if you use these weapons.My opinion 5/10. Boring."
19999999000000000,Recommended,404590,30711378,Posted: 24 March,all,Mushroomキノコ버섯木瓜。Alpha,物理特效和畫質整體不錯手感也好，就是多人連接不太順利別的沒毛病
76561198014335342,Not Recommended,404590,30965512,Posted: 5 April,all,SmackDonald,"Buttloads of bugs and a so-so story.Fun multiplayer, but lacking in item development as every upgrade is found in your cozy cornershop in the village."
,Not Recommended,404590,35359083,Posted: 30 September,all,Cem,After all bad reviews still worse than expected.
76561198052709281,Recommended,404590,30740799,Posted: 25 March,all,chazman34772,Im enjoying the beginning so far will update as delve deeper
,Not Recommended,404590,30711216,Posted: 24 March,all,Sir Pommes |||,the game itsself could be fun but 21:9 User should know that the game does not support ultrawidescreen resolutions. Its a poor console port and therefore I do not recommend it at all
76561198021446031,Recommended,404590,30729236,Posted: 25 March,all,yodellingjess,"This is a great hack and slash game. I play using a controller and i don't have any issues, but haven't tried with mouse and keyboard. The graphics are beautiful, the gameplay fun. Looks like there's a town i can level up. I like the idea of cold being an issue and needing to find a fire to thaw out. Only a couple hours in so i don't know if this gets more difficult.The game does have a diablo 3 feel.I love playing the game. Will add more as i progress in the game."
76561198120540428,Recommended,404590,33063764,Posted: 30 June,all,Spreelly,there are a few issues i have with the game but nothing that makes me hate the game other wise it looks good and is pretty fun.
76561198004744150,Not Recommended,404590,30928974,Posted: 3 April,all,Red Aria,"Poor animations, terrible UI, clunky controls, no explanations on gameplay elements, etc. Feels like a cheap and poor mobile port - or a ""baby's first diablo clone."
,Recommended,404590,33637447,Posted: 18 July,all,WPlays,love this game
76561198108038860,Recommended,404590,30753046,Posted: 26 March,all,Ravenclaw,A very nice hack and slash game with a good story.
,Recommended,404590,30715166,Posted: 24 March,all,biei,buy it
76561198111367922,Recommended,404590,35266633,Posted: 28 September,all,Fenyxxz,very nice game
76561198016505415,Recommended,404590,34597507,Posted: 29 August,all,universalstarexpress,Epic couch co-op game that reaches new heights of magnificence & fun :)..... please offer future expansions ;)..... Such magnificence & fun need not come to an end.....
76561197973727344,Recommended,404590,30730525,Posted: 25 March,all,gids1,"i play alot of games and i have to say this is a gem,didnt encounter crashes,it let me explore, the combat is fun ,love the nordic mytholigy,storywise its good ! it is its money worth so far.Dont really understand the negative reviews but tbh its too easy now to write reviews.i saw negative reviews from people who have barely played an hour.....Graphic wise its 8/10Music 9/10for once i hope there will be some future DLC  thats worthwhile  and not moneygrabbing(listening total war)"
,Not Recommended,404590,32533473,Posted: 18 June,all,Alu,I realy don't know when i last was that much disapointed by a game.DON'T BUY THIS ! It feels like an unpolished beta game with so many bugs and the combat feels soooo awful which is the bread and butter of any action rpg.
76561197998182237,Not Recommended,404590,30728113,Posted: 25 March,all,lestreid,refunded.
76561198086271217,Not Recommended,404590,30724261,Posted: 25 March,all,Autisticbaldguy,I was hyped then i played i have played all the classes but it wasen't for me it feel klunky but looks good and it feels like i play the same thing over and over again so i asked for a refund
76561198079300037,Not Recommended,404590,30744536,Posted: 25 March,all,giggityiggity,"I will not refund the game because the gameplay seems fun enough to continue playing... but this game has so many obvious input bugs that I found in under 30 minutes of playing, it really makes you wonder what ""Full Controller Support"" is really supposed to mean.  The most obvious and annoying bug is that using the menus with a controller (I use 360 controllers) does not work in most cases.  Some examples include the Option menu, selecting a New Game, browsing items in your inventory; in all of these cases, I have to use a keyboard and mouse.  I crafted a helmet and was severely struggling to figure out how to equip it using a controller.  I couldn't, so had to use the keyboard and mouse to do so.  That's a real turn-off when I have to switch between controller and keyboard/mouse in a game where I will more than likely use my inventory more than a few times.As far as a PC game goes, the options are entirely bare.  Video settings cranked to Ultra, but the game doesn't tell you at all what that actually means; no advanced video options to be seen here.  People that enjoy tweaking their settings are in for a real letdown.The game itself is actually very enjoyable for the short time I've played.  There is also a Valhalla mode, which means Game Over when you die, so for those that enjoy a challenge the game theoretically offers a nice one.Having said that, I will not be picking it back up until the input issues are resolved.  For $40, people deserve a game that's easily accessible, and right now, this game isn't."
76561198049189943,Recommended,404590,30808283,Posted: 28 March,all,Duke,is good game but bad port and costs too much.
76561198071635093,Not Recommended,404590,30863212,Posted: 31 March,all,Potato,Terribad.
,Not Recommended,404590,30719201,Posted: 24 March,all,Muraza,"Seems unoptimized on release and hit detetection is really lack luster. Alot of the UI elements come up short, especially in the skill tree area. Had a diffiicult time trying to finish the first level after the tutorial but really just wanted to stop playing."
76561198297640998,Not Recommended,404590,30784043,Posted: 27 March,all,ScarletXVI,"VERY broken multiplayer system, can not choose match and must stay in host's map.btw, many bugs in multiplay joining, causes a lot of freeze and crush.no shared storage, no actual build, spare gears = waste.UNFINISHED GAMEBuy Grim dawn pls."
76561198041006914,Recommended,404590,30711248,Posted: 24 March,all,ApacheFX,"Solid core game, has issues. But the ARPG market needs a new game and this one isnt to bad"
76561198105949929,Recommended,404590,31146656,Posted: 14 April,all,angelstreetfire,This game is great. And is groundbreaking. At the same time. As point and click players. Whine about the controller compatibility. I believe it's well worth the investment. The intelligence of the developers is undeniable. Humor and original thought abound. In a crawler open world. Where passive and active skills. Correspond to PC controllers. Which in such games. Is the only one I could find on the market. It is backed due to initiative. For exceptional design. But its value is determined by catch up DLC. From competitors. And so how much. This initiative continues to recieve backing. Could fold due to its infrastructure being imported to old favourites. I on the other hand find it well done. But liquidation versus market response is the issue with this one.
,Recommended,404590,30721207,Posted: 25 March,all,wes borland,awesome
,Recommended,404590,30759174,Posted: 26 March,all,Stormchaser,"This game is breath of fresh air, tons of loot, good fun with or without a friend playing with you. Graphics are very solid with the best map designs I seen. Bugs here and there but nothing that is unusual for any game at launch. Community manager is kick♥♥♥♥♥ I will without a doubt support kalypso in the future.Another thing I want to point out is that a lot of people are insisting on a controller while playing wom, this is utter nonsense. Kb+m is great!Officially, it's my favorite ARPG!"
,Not Recommended,404590,31270403,Posted: 21 April,all,Sapphic Neko,"The game is actually pretty fun, but the way the developers are going about it, especially with the 21:9 resolutions, which worked when i bought the game and were removed with the 1.02 update. I don't understand why as it worked absolutely fine and there was no drawback to playing in that res aside a very minor glitch with the menu.And them claiming it doesn't support 21:9 when it clearly worked fine out of the box is just stupid and i cannot recommend the game."
76561198000208093,Not Recommended,404590,33032993,Posted: 30 June,all,Incognitious,"The beginarea contains a really bad idea badly implemented, making you run from campfire to campfire all the time. It's an ARPG not a survival game. And the character you play keeps complaining about the cold all the time when you are not close to a campfire. Wow, it is really annoying!"
76561198317340907,Not Recommended,404590,30838086,Posted: 30 March,all,djaims,This game is awful.
,Not Recommended,404590,34419240,Posted: 22 August,all,Minibrox,"I really tried to like this game. But it reminded me more and more about sacred 3's failures. I did buy this game on sale, but its not fun enough to be worth as much."
76561198004464908,Not Recommended,404590,33338952,Posted: 7 July,all,LordOvelix,They tried to make Diablo 2 but failed and made something worse than Diablo 3. Loot system is competely useless. Boring skills and braindead story. The only positive has to be the graphics and sound.
76561198204625327,Recommended,404590,30768821,Posted: 27 March,all,rcastlemay,"This game is fantastic,The environments are well crafted and beautifully rendered,The character models are really well done with nice texture resolutionThe story is moving along at a nice pace with some nice raiding quests thrown in!I hope that the game releases more story content as the time goes on.This really has the potential to be the next big ARPGThe environment affects on the character are a brillant and fresh idea for the Genre.Loving the depth with the character skill tree.You really must try this game if your a fan of Vikings and ARPGs."
76561198015707116,Recommended,404590,30744125,Posted: 25 March,all,CocoLoZ,This game is support resolution 2560x1440 ?
,Not Recommended,404590,35351600,Posted: 30 September,all,Archiver,This game is a low budget pile of trash - clunky as all hell
,Recommended,404590,30793879,Posted: 28 March,all,Darmaniac,I really love this game !! its not the typical Hack n slash game like others title out thereTake it for what it is !! a Viking game !!The temperature affecting you in cold weather is awesome.I love going around bashing stuff to destroy wooden plank and stuff Its so rewarding!!I enjoy the game for what it is. its a new game. Give him some time.From a Real gamers who played MANY Rpg's in his life.Cheers Darmaniac.
,Recommended,404590,30728110,Posted: 25 March,all,Pixelica,"Buy yourself a gamepad like Xbox One / Dual Shock 4 controller, play the game, and stop being a crybaby about the movement and control is bad. This game certainly far way better than Guardian of Ember. It's not Diablo, it's not Path of Exile, yes it's not free to play. But it certainly not a bad game.Graphic quality is top notch, nice effect not overly done like Diablo III, monster design is superb.The only let down of this game is the attack animation need more variation or make it more stylish, so it doesn't look like a Viking robot. If developer could improve attack animation, then this game certainly worth it's price tag."
,Not Recommended,404590,30719825,Posted: 24 March,all,onfirealive,"CONS:* Disappointing.* Feels like a mobile game.* Not nearly enough content and variety for a 40$ title.* All items in a certain class look the same, nothing feels unique. You can get a common sword and a 'unique' sword and they will look exactly the same when equipped.* Loot is boring. Defeating enemies and opening chests doesn't feel rewarding at all.* Voice acting isn't very good.PROS:* Raid maps are big enough to compensate for the fact there is no open world like in Grim Dawn and Torchlight 2. There is enough space to explore and grind in.* Graphics look decent.Bottom line:I was stoked for this game. It was very promising, but in the end it's just not good enough, and is not a competition for better(and cheaper) titles like Grim Dawn and Torchlight II."
76561198027942616,Not Recommended,404590,34464941,Posted: 24 August,all,stephensegal,Game controller only works on Demo. Not on full game. I want my money back!
76561198070924278,Recommended,404590,33963645,Posted: 1 August,all,epicbod,"Great style, action and LOLs..  If you like Vikings, Barbarians and enjoyed Diablo and Titan Quest.. This one is for you"
,Not Recommended,404590,34229180,Posted: 13 August,all,suzannert,"Graphics are good but the controls suck. You can't walk with the keyboard you roll, that's it roll wasd rolls, space rolls. You roll in random directions, no walking, no fine movement, roll and get stuck. Hold down the left mouse button and your character follows the mouse but not very well. You don't click the attach you point in the general direction and hope the gods are with you or you get mobbed and die. Remember I said you get stuck, well the enemy has no problem walking over the things you get stuck on to kill you.Yeah I get it the devs want a different feel to the game controls but the current controls make the game almost unplayable.In the games current state it is highly frustating and not really a fun game.Has potential."
,Not Recommended,404590,30720893,Posted: 25 March,all,gamehits,"FOURTH EDIT: Another crash. Lost a couple of hours of gameplay. Game _claimed_ it saved a crash log but went searching for it at the location it specified and nothing there. I DO NOT HAVE PROBLEMS WITH ANY OTHER GAME IN MY INVENTORY that I have played with any regularity EXCEPT ""Shadows: Heritic Kingdom"" another GAMES FARM game. Are you kidding me? How does this developer still make games without proper beta testing?? ♥♥♥♥ this♥♥♥♥♥♥THIRD EDIT: I keep trying to like the game and it keeps disappointing me. While it seems that for the most part the graphic issues are basically solved (another update, and some graphic tweaking on my part - which, BTW I shouldn't have to do considering EVERT OTHER GAME I OWN runs fine without having to change graphic settings on my Nvidia 980. But whatever...). I keep playing because this IS my kind of game, and I keep hoping something better will happen than the rehash graphic environments and the same 15 or so mob types. 11 hours in and no such luck. Honestly, there are $4.99 US ARPGs that have more variation then this. I would have been moderately happy if I had paid less than $5 but at $35 I still sit here disappointed. After a 2nd disappointing ARPG from this developer (Shadows: Heretic Kingdom being their first), I have to wonder if Kalypso will keep this developer in their stable...UPDATED REVIEW: Still suffering from graphic glitches though they did try to address this in an update _I think_. But as to the game itself, it's unfair to compare this game to ARPGs like Baldaur's Gate and Neverwinter as this is CLEARLY a console-type ARPG. Having said that, in the realm of console ARPGs this game seems like a step backwards. Rather than giving us wonderfully graphic explosions and cool magic, they instead went the route of PS2 Dark Alliance where the game is just a slog. Bland graphics throughout, and grind, grind, grind with no real reward other than finishing the game. Beyond the glitchiness of the game, it's still a big disappointment.OLD: This game seems to have some serious graphic problems. Using a 6th gen i7, and a 980 graphics card going to a 75hz computer monitor, the frame rate is super low...graphic glitches and studdering. BUT, going HDMI out to a standard HDTV and it runs fine. How does something like this get missed?? If you, like me, prefer to play the game on a good monitor or on a laptop, until they fix this glitch I can't recommed this game at any price. It's simply broken. I hope I have a reason to change this review..."
,Not Recommended,404590,34473698,Posted: 24 August,all,RealmDweller,"A little annoyed, game says split screen, therefore I assume it supports local co-op, but it launches in a way that prevents it from detecting my steel series xl when connected through steam link. Hoping it doesn't behave silimarly after I get the bluetooth receiver needed to connect my second controller directly to the PC... I've been enjoying other couch coop games just fine until this one."
76561198150177299,Recommended,404590,30768497,Posted: 27 March,all,rockungsupapoom,Good hack' slash game7/10
76561198080137209,Recommended,404590,30712000,Posted: 24 March,all,madwasp777,Great ARPG!  A new legend  awaits you mortal! :)
76561197964498244,Not Recommended,404590,30711678,Posted: 24 March,all,_Belly_25021109,Not my cup of tea. Too easy!
76561197993315064,Not Recommended,404590,34338266,Posted: 18 August,all,Sayrthara,"A very shallow attempt at ARPG genre, very limited skill set and progression, nemy AI, not on par with other products in the niche."
76561197999778290,Not Recommended,404590,30713254,Posted: 24 March,all,unclepee,"Played for 11 minutes and right off the bat, I knew it was refund time. Horrible controls and really bad targeting system. Don't know who programmed that part of the game but they need to work on their game character movement skills. Graphics looks ok."
,Not Recommended,404590,30713203,Posted: 24 March,all,jbowman2112,"“…a true competitor to the Diablo series.GameWatcher""Diablo 2 maybe, needs more polish maybe after a few updates I'll try again."
,Not Recommended,404590,34465125,Posted: 24 August,all,Iniquitous Vibes,Clunky.
76561198200872085,Not Recommended,404590,32141710,Posted: 2 June,all,Soul,"wow, once you finish the game, tere is NOTHING. LOL! feels like the 90s, renting a game, playing it, finishing it, then trashing it(bringing it back to the rental store) Awsome game, nothing past 10 to 20hours of game play tho. LoL."
76561198075274835,Not Recommended,404590,30779028,Posted: 27 March,all,Archer,The game is designed for CONSOLE PLAYERS and is not worth of wasting my time on it. Thanks for the Refund.
,Recommended,404590,30709888,Posted: 24 March,all,GayoMayo,"So far so good...but the ""expsoure"" mechanic in the game though seems like a waste of time. Sort of breaks the flow of exploring, and if there is a camp fire every few minutes anyway... then what is even the point of the exposure mechanic?"
,Not Recommended,404590,30733829,Posted: 25 March,all,Saveroo,"i was hoping this game give me an experience ""AT THE VERY LEAST having similiar concern as in diablo 3, build, weapon stats, unbreakable combo build"", since i lost my diablo III authenticator phone i tried to find an alternative before i resolve the matters, sadly this one is tremendously basic console ARPG and nowhere near DIABLO mechanics."
76561197993870227,Recommended,404590,35242247,Posted: 27 September,all,czarnyckm,diablo
76561198122369600,Not Recommended,404590,32642988,Posted: 22 June,all,caelenator,this game can go ♥♥♥♥ it-self broke as ♥♥♥♥ mobs with stupid mechanics (shield maidens) stupid exposure system and silly design all round
,Not Recommended,404590,30802990,Posted: 28 March,all,JustForKicks96,asscheeks
76561198281296149,Not Recommended,404590,30769131,Posted: 27 March,all,十方,bugs
76561198043613115,Not Recommended,404590,30730759,Posted: 25 March,all,mudohori,"horrible gameplay, 1st 5 seconds and i already hate it. beautiful graphics, but the gameplay is just downright disgusting do not buy."
76561198086816577,Recommended,404590,30723637,Posted: 25 March,all,okidoki,Good game for people who dont complain about getting a 100% polished game at release. They clearly are stuck in the past.
,Not Recommended,404590,31053028,Posted: 9 April,all,Flakey🎈,"Never judge a game by it's name because this is just a ♥♥♥♥♥ier version of a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game called Van Helsing here on Steam. Even the character keeps saying is this a joke and I couldn't agree more, this game is truly a joke even if it were to cost 20 bucks. Also, since when does a point & click game need so many resources?"
,Not Recommended,404590,30749487,Posted: 26 March,all,ShaYaN,"No SLi Support in 2k17, horrible optimization.GG Devs go play ur console"
76561198005728927,Not Recommended,404590,30710500,Posted: 24 March,all,Smeea,"Im not sure what to say, but here is what have i encounterd in about 1 hourof playing:Cons:-buggy menu (can step back from caracter creation for example)-caracter creation isn't functioning (you can change hair colour and that is it ?)-ingame UI is bloody under developed whit keyboard & mouse (selling a damn item only take 4 clicks yay !)> I played D3 before so this is maybe just a subjective thing but ... <-playing whit a keyboard & mou. is feels slow and kinda unresposivePros:-bossfights are (i only enountered 2) are verry well done-the map have STUFF in it, explorig is meaningful-the narrative is fun, the caracter's  comment dosn't trow you out from the experianceoverall i donno i expected some minor bug, but this is just disappointing. BUGS IN THE BLOODY MAIN MENU WTF?waiting for hotfixes, untill then i don't rly recommend this game before some mayor rewievs come out. (and not the 3-4 sponsored ones)"
76561198342660011,Not Recommended,404590,30814549,Posted: 29 March,all,大奶强的慈父,优化太sb
76561198071736123,Not Recommended,404590,30711603,Posted: 24 March,all,Atlas,-Refunded-
,Not Recommended,404590,30712468,Posted: 24 March,all,Whitey,"First boss - jokul - impossible battleAlso, stupidiest cold system."
,Not Recommended,404590,35233407,Posted: 26 September,all,NoiD™,Won't even load on my iMac. I more than exceed the requirements.
76561198037567013,Not Recommended,404590,30710213,Posted: 24 March,all,bubu,meh
76561197998784005,Not Recommended,404590,30714782,Posted: 24 March,all,Hemoglobin,"I just did a refund.1. THE UI SUCKS A$$2. Terrible controls3. Very choppy even with a GTX 1070, 16GB RAM and a i7 6700k4. Gameplay is sloppy5. Too much instancing6. Graphics are NOTHING like the screenshots7. I don't understand how a game like this in 2017 has 2003 graphics for the Char UI (C).I had so much hope for this game. I will maybe repurchase the game in 6 months when its in Alpha. This is not even Alpha, this is pre-Alpha garbage."
,Not Recommended,404590,30712487,Posted: 24 March,all,Dauzo,You get 20 hrs of gameplay and then start with New Game+ all over it again. 40 € for no endgame content is just to much.
,Not Recommended,404590,30771383,Posted: 27 March,all,NasiPuti,"Developers will ban (no warning) you from the forums if you bump a suggestions thread or bump threads trying to find gear even though they have no Wiki.When you complete the campaign you are forced to make a ""New Game+"" with the added bonus that it wipes all your gear. That's your reward... a wipe.Also it isn't proper co-op. It's only 2 players and the joiner doesn't keep campaign progress."
76561197970558881,Not Recommended,404590,30715975,Posted: 24 March,all,grog-the-nailer,"This game is getting mixed reviews but I see some of the playtime of the people reviewing and it is like an hour,  which means they havent got any where close into the meat of the game.I like this game a lot.  The graphics are very nice to look at,  shadows, colors and frame rates.  The gameplay is very solid,  I love how you can dodge/roll and you need to use it too. Gathering wood and iron etc to spend on various items like upgrades,  new recipes, upgrading altar etc etc is a very nice touch and is it can be quite the decision on which to do first and sometimes you have to grind to get the resources for your next cool thing.I love the boss fights too,  very well done. You need to think it through and some of them are actually tough. After about 6 hours on the first day,  I give this game a thumbs up,  it is a solid and very fun game.  8/10Edit - EDIT - Would have to give this a thumbs down due to no end game stuff to do really, they screwed the end game. No stash, NG+ is not good. Game was fun to play through but replay-wise, thumb down"
76561198021894997,Recommended,404590,30719045,Posted: 24 March,all,Qiuck the Abysswalker,"This is a game that I would've waited to go on sale to purchase knowing what I know now of the game. All in all its a decent game but it doesn't bring anything spectacurlry new to this genre and nothing that it does do has really made me think to myself ""wow that is amazing."" As of writing this review I have just cleared the campaign for the first time at with close to 17 hours of gametime put into it. I love the setting of the game and that is what got me interesed in it in the first place, having high hopes with a few reservations for the game. Theres is a story there, while not a grand peice of story telling theres is a story to the game focused around delivering vengance to an enemy who has mostly wiped out your clan. this is to be expected as ARPG selling points aren't their stories but their gameplay!  Graphics are decent, could be better but not bad. One mechanic the Devs talked highly of was the exposure mechanic, which dealth with being expoed to extrreme elemtents, cold, heat, posion, etc. Sadly exposure feels very rough and unpolished in how its currently handled. it has potential but its not reached in this game. Combat is pretty fun when theres a lot of enemies around to attack/dodge around. Theres no ""loot-splosions"" when defeating bosses but always a specific legendary item that drops, though the bonusues on those items will be randomized, meaning you may not get the bonuses that you want. Since all the abilities damage is based off of WDPS getting a new weapons is always a GREAT feeling the further you go. Since theres not crazy amounts of loot everywhere the developers have added a crafting system for gear but the system is pretty bland. There are 4 types of resources to gather in the game; gold, wood, iron, and jotunjarn (the latter being used for more of the later parts of the campaign.) Get enough of these resources and to to the craftsmen and select the item you want and it rolls out with a random quality and random bonuses. That sums up the crafting. In addition to spending resources on crafting you also upgrade different buildings in your village which is  nothing special as well, upgrading the buildings just increases the tier of gear/runes they can handle. Save for the altar which lets you get higher ranks of your abilities. theres no bank or storage of any sort if you're the type who hordes legendaries youll have to hold onto them in your inventory. Speaking of which your inventory has a limitied amount of size which I'm not sure the game lets you know how full it is. It may, I just haven't noticed any indication of this except for when youre full and your character lets you know your'e full everytime you run over an item. Part way into the campaign you have to upgrade your boat to progress which comes out of nowhere and could be a hinderance if you don't have enough resourcse because you've just upgraded your craftmens and are low on say wood for instance. At that point it could take a while to farm it up, but you shouldl have acces to a merchant at that point where you can trade resources for gold and vice versa. Though the game does a poor job explaining you cna buy resources with gold, it sounded like you could only sell resources for gold. You can place runes in your wepaons/armor if theres slots for runes on them. once a rune is placed you cant get the run back AND you also cant replace that rune with a more powerful or different ability runefor some reason which seems odd. The multiplayer only being able to have two players in one game is defeinitley odd but I'm sure theres a reason for this. Would love a sequal or something that included the standard 4 players co-op. Having just recently cleared the campaign I've unlocked New game+ and have just started on that. When starting new game+ you lose all items that you have which the game notifies that starting NG+ will do so with a confirmation pop up when selecting that option. In addition to losing all your items you also lose all level up improvements; %healh increase %dmg increase, etc that the game never states that starting a NG will do this. The gear that is dropped and crafted in NG+ is greatly more powerful then end game gear from the previours playthrough which is nice once you get set up again with some gear and stop being naked and afriad.CONCLUSION: A decent game that feels like it could've been much more then it turned out to be. If you're a fan of the setting or the genre you'll probably be happy with your purchase. Though there are much better games in the genre out on the market that do expectionally better at what this game does. Hopefully this game will see support from the developers, which seems likely as they have responded to a good deal of reviews from users. If not much support hopefully a sequal that gets things under reins and becomes a competior to the kings in this genre.*Will update if I come across any thing worthy of mentionion while playing in the future."
76561198030327427,Not Recommended,404590,30716064,Posted: 24 March,all,flex.headstrong,"Editing my review as after several days of disappointment and the ""patch"" that screwed players over even more and then was rolled back I can finally say STEER CLEAR.  This game is a effing train wreck.  The art department seems topnotch, everything else is absolute♥♥♥♥♥♥  The game was bad on release and it's only gotten WORSE.  It would take 2 years to clean this mess up and you can bet they won't be around longer than 1-3 months before they dissolve and form a new company after this disaster.DO NOT BUY----------Original day 1 review-----------At this price, for this title, out of 5 I would give it a 3.  But I have to choose thumbs up or down so its...barely up.While I am not terribly disappointed, I am also not really impressed.  As others mention there is a lot of underfinished game play, like pathing issues that are not apparent visually.  There is the somewhat out of sync movement animations when played over the ground movement.  It comes off as a sub $20 USD game that went for the gusto and is overpriced.  I really feel sorry for console owners who I think had to shell out $59?  I do feel a bit ripped off at $33 USD.To those complaining about how it's made for console...no...I have played it on keyboard/mouse and with a controller both on PC, I don't really see any issue with that.I am only up to the 3rd boss and with that here is my take.Graphics:  Okay for a $20 USD title, not okay for 33-60.Gameplay:  Okay for a ...ditto...Originality:  Okay for a $20 USD title, fair at 33, beyond that...uh...Story:  Uh...I read books for good stories so I don't care about game stories.Music:  Uh....I always play with music off, but I had this on, as usual to me nothing impressive.Voice Overs: Oh yeah, oh boy.  Why go to the effort of having a Norse based ARPG and have ENGLISH accent voice acting?  Are Icelandic voice actors really that expensive?  Norwegian?  Dutch?  Heck I would have taken a German accent!  Ugh."
,Recommended,404590,30934983,Posted: 3 April,all,Metamorphic,"Big edit: Originally I gave a ""do not recommend"" as there were some critical issues that were taking a while to get addressed. I am pleased to say that all the critical issues with the game (at least for the solo experience) have now been patched out.This isn't D3 or Path of exile, do not expect a 1k+ hour experience with a big mapping system at the end of the campaign, the game features an NG+ system and 5 seperate wave based arena challenge maps but that's the extent of its post-campaign. If you want a fun ARPG to put somewhere between 10-100hrs this game will do nicely.Pros:- Fast paced, skill based and fluid combat system (provided you choose the right weapon)- Fully voiced- Easy to learn- Visually pleasing- UI is neat and uncluttered- Very fun first playthrough ~8-20hrs depending on OCD level (if casual play easy or normal with dual wield swords, if hardcore gamer just start on highest difficulty and go sword+board, prioritise upgrading the shop to lv2 then buy a fox ring).Cons:- No respec system depite early encouragement to experiment with builds (can lead to bricking a character)- The entire spec for bows is useless unless you intend to play the game on easy mode, the weapon only exists to be swapped to for destroying breakable environment objects and birds.- Slow weapons don't work with the game's targetting system as the attacks are synced to a faster base speed, using hammers for example will result in missing about 50% of your attacks and getting hit by enemies while using skills that should kill them.- Cannot repeat bosses.- Enemies with the ability to block tend to break your combo meter and interfere with the game's pacing on higher difficulties.- Artifacts (Mythic tier items) Roll random affixes and socket slots upon creation despite the effort that goes into finding all their pieces and the fact you can only make them once per NG."
,Not Recommended,404590,30717540,Posted: 24 March,all,DASman,"Has pretty graphics, nice combat mechanics. Secerts..challenges, Your not stuck to 1 class, you can quick swap between two at a time, but can use all. Just have to have the weapons. Boss fights are fun, loot, echantments thro runes. cold exposure on some maps, not all. I readed most of the reviews, ive had no problems, and have enjoyed the game this far. I CANT RECOMMEND THIS GAME. Decide for yourself and download the demo.. its a good 60mins about, and ends right after the first boss...ive had some bad experiences with the gaints that throw the rocks, if it hits you your stunned, ill dodge the rock which can be seen hitting 3-5 feet past me, and make a mark in the snow, but it still some how hits and stuns me..its made me pretty mad..can only dodge judging from their arm, and when it just leaves, before or after its stunned get bashed on. I DONT WANT TO LOSE ALL MY GEAR, MY STATS FROM LEVELING UP WITH NEW GAME+ who thought of this, and why? NOT a $40 game. Maybe if it was half, and i still wouldnt recommend because of how they have their NEW GAME+ setup, some ledgendary weapon peices have prices but cant be sold for their resource values,"
76561198018660933,Not Recommended,404590,30764912,Posted: 26 March,all,caribbean,"Think Diablo for your phone.Diablo dumbed downI play on PC and have no issues with adapting to the keyboard/mouse controls.After playing through to level 20, Many of the monsters are the same as they were at level 2, just more hitpoints.   LameThis is a game that should have been $9.99."
76561198029813903,Not Recommended,404590,30716268,Posted: 24 March,all,lauro2004,"There are a few things missing in this game, like the option to use WASD to move the carecter instead of rolling ( its a Controller based game, you cannot simply try to use a point and click and think it´s alright), it misses an option to block atacks manually ( like some NPC´s does) and an option to kick would be nice either.The weapons available are too little for a game so long, there should be ate least twice the gears in every upgrad you do in your armory ( and at least two new colors of items, for a Unique or Mythic for exemple), maybe unique weapons attached in the player´s profile ...and a new set of weapons for game plus.But if this things were taken care off, we are in front of a great game! Full of challanges, great history and great gameplay!But game Plus is Horrible! Same weapons as normal game? Really a joke! ( and a expensive joke by the way).And where are the updates?  ( There were so few that it does not seems to be a Kalyso game)."
,Recommended,404590,30729822,Posted: 25 March,all,Necro666666,"Good, but not at full price. It gets old pretty fast. Bought it for $40 - definitely NOT worth that much!The setting is good, but ""missions"" are pretty much all the same.Wait for it to drop to $10 or below!"
,Recommended,404590,30720103,Posted: 24 March,all,ThunderFart,"This is the base of a potentially great game. I could be harsh about somethings but I remember D3 and PoE when they first came out and they were terrible. This is the best PC ARPG for controllers, the combats fun and its looks nice. I dont care about storyline, although if I did I might be slightly perturbed. I was dissapointed in the skills and how weapon swapping worked, basically none of my skill choices seemed consequential and swapping weapon seemed pointless! However I think this can be easily fixed and I just know from experience how my favourite ARPGs werent built in a day and were released in skeletal states. Loots also a bit lacklustre, I think the artisans in town became irrelevant mid game so I was just upgrading them to have a prettier village.Im going to check back in down the line and have another playthrough if they release some content, I guess I recommend it but dont expect a true challenger to PoE or D3, in its current state...As an after thought PoE was always free to play so I think people were more forgiving of its shortcomings, where as D3 was overpriced and copped a heap of hate and I wonder if you'll weather the storm like Blizzard can, hope you got some good cloth ;)."
76561198020429630,Not Recommended,404590,30734527,Posted: 25 March,all,35sm,"Do not buy, 2/10, master piece of crap.UPD: Tried it again, half a year after purchase, still a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ mess.Calypso joins ""Never buy their♥♥♥♥♥♥again club"".Also, no ultrawide or windowed fullscreen support."
76561198026247966,Recommended,404590,35278599,Posted: 28 September,all,Keromor,"This is a well designed and implemented game, the graphics are great as well as the game play.Well worth the purchase."
76561197970363905,Recommended,404590,35335298,Posted: 30 September,all,Metus,better than expected
76561198041202088,Not Recommended,404590,35478724,Posted: 4 October,all,Olezek,"This game feels incomplete. Simple functions such as chat history are not present at the moment. I would wait for this game to get better before buying it, it feels like in beta stage right now."
