user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,404680,35343899,Posted: 30 September,all,Spliffi,"Overall Score: 8.5 / 10Quality8/10High quality*Performance7/10Smooth, but rare lags or crashes may occurUtility8/10Minor glitches; cloud save; Windows onlyControls9/10Simple, intuitive combat and platformingGameplay9/10Relaxing yet challenging Zelda-likeChallenge9/104 difficulty grades; fiddly backtrackingContent9/10~12h+ without guide; motivating to 100%Diversity8/10Combat, enviromental puzzles & explorationImmersion10/10Exciting journey; mysterious atmosphereDesign8.5/10Magnificent artwork and game designVisuals9/10Stunning composition; simple flora & faunaSound8/10Serene, natural soundscape; delightful OSTTextsN/AImpressive storytelling without any dialogMapping9/10Resourceful level design; pseudo-open worldInterface8/10Minimalistic HUD; dated settings-launcher🎮 Kb+m is OK, but I strongly recommend using a controller!*I'll update the rating once the teething problems are passé.Tested with:1920x1080; Windows 10 Home, 64-BitIntel® Core™ i7-7700K, 4 x 4.2 GHzNvidia MSI GTX 1080 (8GB DDR5)16GB DDR4 RAM; Samsung SSD (3.6 GB)Settings:Low,Normal,High, UltraCheck out my curator pagehere, if you liked this review."
,Recommended,404680,35233898,Posted: 26 September,all,Myrus Prima,"It's a fresh take, in my opinion, to puzzle solving and I really like how the game simply gives you time to figure your plan of action out in due time and doesn't trap you if you're patient with yourself. :}The graphics are nice and simple but also engaging. The character--you, essentially--certainly has a personality if you go afk long enough x}I play with Mouse and Keyboard and about ten minutes in, I was ready to go once I figured it out :}I was drawn in several months before its release, I'm already in love on the first day. Happy adventuring!side note: I've never reviewed before, be kind~"
,Recommended,404680,35324203,Posted: 29 September,all,PlasmaChemist,"A little Zelda, a little Shadow of the Colussus.  Lots of exploring, lots of head scratching, lots of backtracking, lots of jumping and falling.  Played through the whole game in about 15 hours.  Saw 2 endings and collected 90% of the upgrades.  Had a great time."
,Not Recommended,404680,35282000,Posted: 28 September,all,Dagrabbit,"There is a lot I liked about Hob, particularly in the early going, but the more I played the game, the less I liked it.Hob is a super linear Metroidvania with a little bit of Zelda sprinkled in.  You'll get a small handful of upgrades that unlock new areas of the game, and you'll hunt around for heart containers, energy upgrades, and chests that contain money or gear.  The majority of the game is wandering around the large world pushing buttons to open up new areas, with a little bit of really simple combat thrown in.For a while, I really enjoyed the laid back nature of wandering around, pushing some buttons, and seeing what happened.  After a few hours though, the game had shown me most of what it has to offer.  I'd seen most of the cool visuals, gotten all of the gameplay-changing upgrades, and found out about all of the different button types to press.  That's when I realized that there was nothing to the game but pushing buttons.There really aren't many puzzles in the game.  Everything is solved by walking around, finding the button you haven't pushed or ladder you haven't climbed, then pushing or climbing that thing because it's all that's available.  In a better puzzle game, like Zelda or Inside, there's something to figure out.  ""If I push this box here, I can reach that rope, which I can use to swing over there and light the torch, and once I light all of those...""  In this game, what happens when you push a button (or lever or box or whatever) is unpredictable.  Sometimes the entire room will move around.  Sometimes a ladder will appear.  Sometimes it lights up a button three rooms back.  There's little thinking involved.  Just keep your eyes open and everything solves itself.It's not uncommon to spend an hour in one part of the map pushing buttons and jumping around, just to find out that all that accomplished was allowing you to push a NEW button halfway across the map.  That's not particularly rewarding.  After going through that routine a few times, the games myriad of little problems started wearing on me.The camera sucks.  It will lead to you dying because it swings around in unexpected ways, hides the place you're trying to go, or gives a bad angle for the jump.  If you've ever played a Lego game, it's the same problem here.  Fixed camera + 3D platforming = missed jumps.  The penalty isn't too harsh, but it's not fun running back to where you fell for something that doesn't feel like your fault.  Combat is pretty basic with sword swings, a roll attack, and a couple situational moves.  In the back half of the game, enemies take enough hits, and give so little reward for beating them, that combat becomes  tedious and usually just best avoided.  Backtracking is hampered by a poor map, lack of mini-map, and insurmoutanle walls of trees not any taller than the character is that randomly cut off progress when you just want to get back to one of the too infrequent fast travel spots.And there are bugs.  Most of the crashes seem to have been fixed, but upon release it was crashing every 15 minutes.  It was fixed very quickly, but why did it ship so broken?  Even after the patches, I still had the force my guy to respawn when he got stuck in geometry, and died dozens of times due to getting stuck in geometry, bad hit detection with the environment, or a sudden loss of control causing my guy to fly off the map.  Once I had to restart because the map suddenly when completely white as if I hadn't explored any of it.  With all these little issues, moving around the world just feels bad, which is a problem since wandering around is most of the gameplay.None of these flaws, individually, make the game not worth playing.  But they all add up to a pretty mediocre game that makes a good first impression, then peters out.  It runs out of new ideas and devolves into wandering around the map looking for the things you haven't done yet.  There's fun to be had if you can overlook the flaws, but I can't recommend the game as a whole."
,Recommended,404680,35362958,Posted: 30 September,all,flee_dawg77,"Hob is a game I wanted to love.  I wanted to be able to call it a masterpiece.  There are so many things it gets right.  But there are others it just gets completely wrong.First off, the game has no dialogue and the only text describes you power ups.  The story is not force fed to you, which is good, but is also bewildering.  What makes the game shine is the world.  As you progress through the game, your actions change the world in dramatic ways.  I won't spoil it, but there are two main ways you change the environment, and both are very cool and satisfying.At first glance, the game feels kind of like a Zelda game, but not.  You have a sword, you swing it, you roll out of the way and dodge enemies, and sometimes use a shield of sorts.  There isn't a whole lot of combat fortunately, and it works well most of the time.The game is mostly about exploring your environment and changing it as I stated before.  And this is really where the game shines.  The environment is so beautiful and masterfully crafted.  The graphics are amazing and the style is off the charts.Where the game fails is platforming.  And you have to do a lot of it.  You always have a fixed perspective, and the camera is mostly OK, but there are times where you will jump in a direction and know you will hit your mark, but you somehow won't.  It's always hard to judge precise jumps, which can often be frustrating.  You will die plenty.  Fortunately, load times are quick, but sometimes checkpoints are several minutes back.Overall, Runic did an amazing job on a game that I want to call a masterpiece, but I will call it great instead.  I liked feeling like I was actually helping to fix the world, and that part was a lot of fun.  Sadly, the end left a lot to be desired, but that's just how it is with some games."
76561198010526526,Recommended,404680,35236560,Posted: 26 September,all,wolff_laarcen,"I'm enjoying the game immensely.  The art style is gorgeous and the world is vast and breathtaking.  Exploration has been fun so far; The game has a distinctly metroidvania feel to it, featuring unique and interesting environmental interactions with various character abilities.  Both movement and combat are suprisingly crisp, fluid and responsive with no animation locks. Even the music that I've heard so far is atmospheric and resonant without being intrusive.The game's outstanding issue so far is odd inexplicable FPS drops and slowdowns. With a system that tremendously exceeds recommended specs (LINK) the game drops as low as 20 FPS at times.  So far I've tested in 1920x1080, 2560x1440 and 3840x2160 with a variety of settings and the same results.  I haven't ruled out the possibility of some issue on my end however, and will continue to experiment.I've had a great deal of fun with the game so far and hope that sooner rather than later the performance issues will be ironed out.EDIT 9/28/17:Turning off Vsync in the Nvidia control panel and playing with only the game's Vsync yielded some favorable results.  There are still massive framerate drops, but even the worst drops are well above my monitor's 60mhz refresh rate.  It'a a band-aid solution at best.EDIT 9/29/17:Finished the game and admittedly my response soured somewhat towards the end.  Hob does a lot of things right, but there are some missed opportunities for really spectacular gameplay.The complete lack of boss fights is puzzling as the crisp, fluid combat quickly becomes unnecessary and inconsequential.  I kept getting cool abilities and upgrades, then just running past enemies becausenotfighting was faster and more efficient.The game seems aggressively underexplained; Even at the final cutscene you're given nothing more than characters pantomiming while speaking unintelligible gibberish.  There are locations where the lore of the game is supposedly revealed, but they're optional so the player can skip them either intentionally or accidentally.  In addition, the lore locations all seem to show obscure symbols and lights devoid of context.  I'm still not entirely sure just what happened in this game.The worst issue is the camera and the player's inability to adjust it.  The only zoom and rotation are controlled by the game itself at specific points; The game shows the player what itthinksis relevant at the time.  This can highlight important changes in the ever-shifting world, but just as often it leads to frustration when you can't even get a good look in the direction of your objective or line up a jump comfortably.  Lack of depth perception will become an issue eventually, as well as the necessity of making blind jumps towards the screen.Even with these issues however, the game is definitely worth a play just for the experience, although it's probably best to wait for a sale."
76561197983033209,Recommended,404680,35397110,Posted: 1 October,all,Ignatz,"So as a gamer getting on in years, it's been harder and harder to find something that really pulls me in.  So many of the big games seem to want a deep committment of time before they get good.  Others start good but soon turn into a grind, revealing its shallowness.  Sometimes I wonder if I'm outgrowing games and will have to take up gardening or something.Luckily Hob has come along.  Hob has been fun from the beginning and is still fun.  New mechanics, zones, and story elements are introduced regularly and I'm having a great time.  The pace is not hectic, and the visuals are beautiful.  Eventually I'll finish it, but I actually think it might be worth a replay.  Watching the world evolve is been a unique experience, and it would be worthwhile to watch it again from the beginning.Many have compared Hob to other games, but I don't think anyone has compared it to 'The Room' series of games.  The way the puzzles work and the way pieces of the landscape fit together remind me on it.I have a pretty mediocre computer, but have had no issues with this game; it plays pretty smooth.  I've played most of it up until now with a keyboard and mouse, and it wasn't too bad.  But I just splurged on a controller and it makes the game much more enjoyable.  I didn't find the platforming hard with the K&M but combat was a chore.  Now it feels much more fluid.It's disappointing this game hasn't received more buzz.  If you're sitting the fence I recommend you give it a try.EDIT: Finally finished it.  Some have claimed to do it it in 7 hours but it took me twice that.  Except for a brief period at the beginning (when I focused on an objective I couldn't yet achieve) I never was at a loss for something to do, and it seems like you can hit the main objectives in different orders.  I still have many secrets I haven't found, however. There are at least two endings, and the game lets you 'continue' after you've experienced one to try the other.  The endings are open to interpretation; I'm still puzzling out what they mean. Which is good!In summary, I'd say this is one of the best games I've played in a while.  Awesome style, gameplay, and value.  I want to thank the developers for the great memories."
,Recommended,404680,35235838,Posted: 26 September,all,SirCris,"Likes:Beautiful art style. Fun combat; dodge, roll, block, leap, slash, dash and punch enemies to make them explode into bloody bits. Puzzle solving. Open world. Skill and component upgrades were a nice surpise.Dislikes:Puzzles aren't very complicated. Camera position can make some areas awkward to navigate.Thoughts:I spent the first 20-30 minutes very cautious and couldn't figure out how to progress beyond the starting zone, then it happened by accident. A little direction may have helped, but I understand that they wanted to do the story without words, so I suppose it was like another puzzle to solve. While the puzzles aren't very complicated I do enjoy figuring them out. The combat is also enjoyable with different methods required for fighting different enemies. Some enemies will one shot you. I have died many, many times playing the game on Medium difficulty. Most deaths are a result of falling off narrow bridges, missing jumps, or due to some other environmental hazard though. Overall I am enjoying the game and am surprised to only have earned 14% of achievements after 5 hours of gameplay. I did not expect the game to be much longer than that for a single play through. I'm curious to see if there is any replayability or if it's a one and done game. For $20, I definitely recommend."
76561198012541286,Recommended,404680,35292731,Posted: 29 September,all,Lacteus,"I had absolutely no idea what to expect, but the visuals looked interesting enough for me to go ahead and buy it. And I wasn't disappointed. It's a visual treat and the game runs and plays very smoothly, even on my old PC.Combat isn't difficult but feels good. Most monsters don't pose any difficulty, but combat is still fun enough when you go up against the bigger monsters. But it's clear that combat isn't the main thing about this game.Pushing, pulling switches and buttons will sometimes dramatically change the environment and I really enjoyed discovering this really unique world. I haven't come across any difficult puzzles yet.I am a fan of exploring, discovering new worlds and this world is very beautiful and unique.Story wise the game leaves most of it up to you. There's no narration, just the mumbling of your robot friend who will guide you to the next part of the adventure. What I miss in the game is a bit more clarification as to why the hero has to do what he's doing. But as I'm not finished with the game yet, this may simply be clear in the end :)I would definitely recommend this to people who enjoy this type of game."
76561198051951825,Recommended,404680,35255134,Posted: 27 September,all,..,"After just reaching the end of this game(i.e. not all collectibles acquired), I do think that Hob is alright for a game. I'd give it a timid thumbs up, around 6/10. Details I'll be listing belowPros-Nice art and visual animation-Flows quite nicely in the beginning-Simple, but good story(feels a bit like hollow knight with 0 dialogue, or like ori and the blind forest)-Combat mechanics aren't difficult, a lot of combat ends up being optional-Upgrades are optional, and can naturally gain a few throughout the storyCons-Lots of little bugs, one of them was where I ended up dying in-game during the cutscene right after the final fight. Couldn't fight back, so I had to respawn and go back to get the ending scene-The map isn't super descriptive about some areas(e.g.lore rooms), so if you end up forgetting certain parts of the map and see those landmarks, you'd probably end up having to go back to remember what it was-Can be repetitive at times with the same puzzle mechanics although it's varied enough to not feel too boring-Not sure if this is the game's intention, but I've personally been unsure of whether or not I could land on certain areas or if it was considered to be too deep. There's also some invisible barriers and objects that you end up going right through instead of landing on-Felt like some of the checkpoints were a bit too far away from each other in some of the later areas in comparison to the start-More of a wish than a con, but just hoped that the story would've been a little more compelling. Maybe it's because I've played similar games, idkNotes-Played with mouse/keyboard. I've noticed that you sometimes need to use the right-click button to move around rather than WASD sometimes just to get the proper jump or smooth pathing through a narrow walkway. It also takes some getting used to one of the main story upgrades that you get(grappling hook)-It's not too hard of a puzzle game, definitely not as hard as majora's mask anyway. You are left a bit directionless towards the end of the game, although you can usually tell what you have to do especially if you look at the map.-Because it's 3D, sometimes my depth of perception can be off so I end up falling to my death rather than landing on a platform-I did get some lag occassionally after certain story events, but wasn't enough to make a real gameplay difference (settings on high, with AMD Quad-Core 3.8GHz, NVidia  GTX 950)For what it's worth, I do also appreciate the work involved into creating this, as it is a 3D puzzle platformer with just about the right difficulty of puzzles and efficient map design."
,Recommended,404680,35314660,Posted: 29 September,all,craftycurate,"I haven't enjoyed a game as much as this for some time. It is highly original in a number of respects (even the way that objects animation when clicked), full of charm (the little creatures are delightful, and the bad guys laugh over your bleeding corpse), with a good level of puzzling and platforming challenge but not punishing. It looks gorgeous, and the cell shading gives it a cartoonish charm. There are additional save points are various scenic locations, where you can sit and enjoy the view, which is cute, and original.If you love metroidvania, you'll love this, so expect quite a bit of backtracking, but if you love being in the game world, as I did, it's no hardship. It is called an ""open world"" game which might be seen as a little misleading, as the main story is fairly linear, but you can take time out to explore, hunt for that elusive power up, scythe the grass with your sword, interact with the animals, or go and pick a fight.If it has a downside, its minimal storytelling sometimes left me wondering what to do next, as not all keypoints in the main narrative generate mission markers on the map, and I have a short memory.It really does need a controller though, as some parts are close to impossible with a keyboard, and when you are navigating along a narrow ledge or platform, which twists and turns in odd directions, there is sometimes no key combination for the required direction, so you have to tap the two relevant direction keys in varying amounts to generate the right direction. I managed to get through the game, with a good degree of completion without a controller, but it does get very frustrating sometimes.The back story and characters don't really have a lot of emotional depth however, it's really the PLACE with all its charm which provides the depth atmosphere.A delight to play, close to perfect, but not quite. The map is a bit too minimal to be useful sometimes, and some of the animations e.g. when emerging from a save point, are too lengthy when you are tapping the keys in frustration after your latest failed precision jump, waiting to get to it again.Also it's a bit buggy at the moment but the devs are sweating blood to polish it up, so full marks for effort."
,Recommended,404680,35238774,Posted: 27 September,all,Ellye,"Despite the warning on the store page, this is perfectly fine on Keyboard+Mouse. Just lack the option to rebind keys, but the two presets are alright.Fantastic game so far. We don't get many action adventures of this kind (think Zelda) on PC, it's great to have such a good one now."
,Recommended,404680,35401743,Posted: 1 October,all,zuppaclub,"world transition / transforming makes this game so uniqueso beautifulthe only thing I don't like is that I usually died not because of enemies, but because of missed jump  and fall to the cliff  > . <but still, amazing game XD"
76561198038594124,Not Recommended,404680,35270507,Posted: 28 September,all,ToonFood,"I can tell that there was a lot of love put into this game.The art design is superb and I found the unique world/level changing mechanic enjoyable.That said the amount of bugs and glitches completely ruined the experience for me.I'd say around 4 hours of my total playtime was spent wondering what to do next as a direct result of game triggers not working correctly; and my assumption that I had yet to reach the furthest point of progression.I also found clipping through objects to be a fairly common issue and the electro-grappling hook was a miserable experience.Overall I really like this game and I think that with a few updates and bug fixes I'd give this a 9/10, but I just can't recommend the game in it's current state."
76561198261220322,Recommended,404680,35239793,Posted: 27 September,all,Layfon,"For the Adventure, Action and Puzzle aspects, Hob is a well done one. Beautiful art style plus atmospheric soundtracks add a lot of positive points to my thinking about this game. The puzzles are not so so enough to make you feel bored through your first 2 hours of playing. The combat is pretty great, you got slash and dodge at the beginning and would get more various techniques throughout the story. Personally, I quite enjoyed playing this game till the very end.The problem is, Hob doesn't have much explanations about the basic things in game. Maybe you will wonder a lot at the beginning about how everything works because there won't be any conversation explaining what you need to do.Another concern is the control part. ugh.. I don't say this game has a terrible controller support. It works perfectly but the moves are not quite right for me. For example, you can't control the direction while in the air, it's just a straight way jump and I really feel uncomfortable with it. I mean, oh come on 3D moves without 3D jump eh? For me it's a big problem because you can't enjoy the game fully if you're uncomfortable with the control right?For the summary, I will rate this 8/10If you go for the Adventure-Puzzle part, I absolutely recommend you to buy this game but for the platforming, it's such a let down."
,Recommended,404680,35395517,Posted: 1 October,all,AWJ,"A zelda-like with fun combat, and moments of wonder, but plagued by a couple of unwise design choices. Ultimately a recommendation, nonetheless.Using a controller IS recommended. Mouse + keyboard ain't too bad, but the experience is definitely tailored for the controller.The games good in the ways you'd expect. Combat's fun and you've got a big ol' world with many secrets to find and places to explore. Art style's neat and there's unlockable abilities along the way, that while few, are fun to use and spaced out well.However there are a few notable downsides.While the soundscape of the world is nice and well made, a lack of real music leaves a distinct lack of character to the world. That's right, there is almost no OST.The overworld is a clear derivative of the developers work on Torchlight, but far too often leaves you without direction. You know the games that make you go ""wtf where do i go, what do i doooooo...""? Yeah, that.This game lack dialog entirely. This isn't a bad thing in of itself, but most good games that do this tell their stories in other clever ways. This lacks such an alternative. After finishing the game I felt I understood very little about the world, which untimately left the ending feeling very unsatisfying.This games overworld (where you spend the majority of your time) suffers from some pretty severe frame drops, which is a real shame. I upgraded PC recently, and was shocked to still be experiencing such issues.I enjoyed my time in this game for the most part. I'd say it's pretty good for a £15 game, though I am sad that it wasn't that little bit above ""good"" to become ""great""."
,Recommended,404680,35278099,Posted: 28 September,all,Jess♥,"Hob is a lovely game, it looks gorgeous and it makes me feel happy playing it.It's not without it's problems of course and can get very frustrating at times. Most notably the many jumps. This is a little bad since this is a massive part of the game. There have been occasions where the jumps have seemed to be misaligned or shown from an awkward angle.  A lot of the time, the checkpoint is quite near so not too punishing but there are points where I had to travel quite a bit to get back where I was and all because I couldn't even see the paltforms properly.  This all means that the game can get quite frustrating at points and I have yelled at the screen a couple of times.Still, I have persevered and have gotten further in the game each time.  There is much to be said for the joy of finding hidden passages and solving some light puzzles.A bit more story wouldn't go amiss either. The game feels a little isolating.  It would be nice to have something a bit more substantial. I guess that is the way they wanted it to be though, so I wouldn't criticise it too much for that. I guess it adds a purity to the exploration.I've played it for 6 hours up til now and I can only see one edge of the map (the bottom edge). The other edges still seem quite a way away from the parts I have explored so I estimate it being more than double the size of what I've seen so far.  That makes it a decent sized game. I think if you are a patient gamer, and don't mind annoying awkward jumping on rare occasions, then this is well worth the asking price."
,Recommended,404680,35390207,Posted: 1 October,all,MEGA theguy,"A new take on action adventure and 3D puzzle platforming with a great and original artistic style. We've seen many games that fall into these genres before, but let me say this one stands out just a little bit.I enjoyed the little things the most about this game as basic mechanics you'll find as familiar from other similar types of games, but the small little features enhance the overall experience. Part of those little things being quick load times, when traveling across the map or between indoor and outdoor environments, load times will likely stay under 5 seconds (using modern and well kept hard drives, results may vary). The title screen changes depending on your last save location in game from wherever you left off and as soon as you hit continue, you're playing.The design feels minimalistic in a sense but also quite detailed and loyal to a single style. The UI is minimal but not difficult to navigate in any sense. inventory labels are missing but you also know what each item is, they're almost unnecessary and leaves the UI clean and nice to look at. When buying ability upgrades, each ability is explained with enough detail where there's no chance anyone will think it's vague. The 3D modeling is clean, but texturing shows quite a bit of attention and care were given to each model. That being said, it's still relatively minimalistic, we're not talking about a AAA game that will take all the VRAM on your video card. However, the simplistic aesthetic combined with cel shading and soft lighting effects make the 3D game world appealing to look at. My only complaint is finding one spot that allows you to look off into the distance and seeing some of the animal life move around at a very slow frame rate.*Speaking of frame rate, I'm proud to say this game runs, as far as I'm concerned, at an unlimited frame rate. The game allows you to lock your frame rate down to your monitor's refresh rate with vsync to make the experience feel much smoother. While I do play with a 144Hz monitor, it feels as though input latency with vsync is much lower compared to many other titles available. I don't belive any part of the game is tied to FPS - like physics and mouse sensitivity in other titles - but other players have mentioned some aspects are indeed tied to FPS, however it likely won't affect your experience in any way as it seems subtle more than anything. The gameplay, in the end, is quite smooth and is not difficult to push a standard of 60fps in any way.**Combat feels about as smooth as game performance, until you try to make combos between using your sword or your fist. Punching alone feels a little clunky, but comes as a nice utility attack towards many enemies. While a full charged punch is almost required against some armored enemies, it's nice that any enemy suffers a knockback that allows you to recover and attack with easy sword combos along with abilities you may have unlocked. You can target enemies by pressing down on the left control stick to conituously face them, but I never remembered to do so. It feels as though it's practically unnecessary as you will typically have an overhead 3rd person camera that allows you to see where you're going despite the focus on a certain enemy, unlike Dark Souls where you have a brutally angled down 3rd person camera that follows your back. While moving, you always have a sense of where you're going in Hob because you can literally see the area around you. That's about it for combat; while there's a decent amount of fighting, it's quite simple and typically boils down to pressing X/Square for your sword and Y/Triangle to punch. Other abilities become required but you'll find those situations only a few times and easy to adapt to, just remember to dodge roll.A major part of the game is its demand for your exploration, and I like its execution as well. There aren't all that many games that will put you in a 3D world and not really tell you where to go. You meet a friendly robotic figure in the beginning and the most he'll provide you with in terms of direction is a short point towards a direction and a short distance escort. You cant get much direction out of him either as his dialogue is to the tune of robotic and somewhat weirdly gutteral noises. There's no known language spoken in this game and it's up to you to figure out how to navigate the world. That being said, there are quite a few shortcuts that make the trek much more accessable the further you progress. Those shortcuts are also wonderful to have as there can be quite a bit of backtracking if you're hunting for collectibles. Not everything is obvious though, you have to pay attention to the world detail to find some bonus areas or even progress for that matter. Most of the world is delightfully tranquil though, so even if you might be someone who can get frustrated by not knowing how to progress like I am sometimes, stress levels tend to stay low, just keep exploring. Vista points also make for pretty good screenshot and wallpaper generators, showing off the visually appealing style of the game.Overall I really enjoyed this game, and I think it has very fair pricing. We're talking about a game that doesn't offer very much in replayability; you can find all the collectibles or replay the game on a harder difficulty, but there's no variety to it in that sense. That being said, it's also not a AAA game with a giant development team. The people at Runic are a passionate bunch that wanted to tell a story through art and that art was this game. I'd give it a 8/10; wonderful art style, smooth gameplay, may feel a little lacking, but enjoyable altogether.*I assume this is done to relieve the load on system hardware. Dark souls and Bloodborne do the same thing on console platforms**My system specs are as follows (for comparison on performance):CPU: i7-4790KRAM: 16GB DDR3 2400GPU: GTX 980HDD: 2x 1TB in RAID 0Quick shoutout to my friend, Kristina Ness, on the development team. Love your designs for the game and congrats on its release!"
76561198176700425,Recommended,404680,35264502,Posted: 28 September,all,Mephisto,"Just wow,very atmospheric and fascinating game. Many puzzles, secrets and so much to discover.The level design has been created very awesome.I'm curious and looking forward. I would recommend to anyone.."
,Recommended,404680,35231457,Posted: 26 September,all,ice | ColdSphinX,"Let's just play a few minutes...4.4 hours later...oh, that time flew by.Absolutely gorgeous game with great puzzles and a lovely world.If you liked old Zelda games give this a shot, you won' t regret it."
,Recommended,404680,35241307,Posted: 27 September,all,Elvoc,"What a great little puzzle adventure game. When I firs started playing I was super annoyed that I was running around aimless and had no clue what to do. There is a little bit of a learning curve to the game and it definitely has some challenges. Once you figure out how to upgrade and use the Glove and the sword the game becomes a lot of fun.So if your having trouble starting and figuring stuff out stick with it and it will start to slowly become more enjoyable.The devs have highly reccomended you use a controller but I have been playing with Keyboard and mouse with no issues at all. The only real problem I see that a controller wmay fix is the jumping and getting around between platforms because there is no real camera control and sometimes its awkward to have to jump and phase all in one turn :)The game as some neat RPG aspects taht are used to build skills and upgrade the glove used by HOB also a sword to fend of enemys.The AI seems reasonable and I haven't run into any real issues where I am not being attacked or I am just getting swarmed by a mass mob, so combat is controlable and fun, also there are many exciting ways to use the environment to help kill your enemy's. That in itself is a great asset as things that can kill you can also kill them :)I'm only 3 hours in and I am lready hooked and looking forward to what puzzles or areas I can explore next."
,Recommended,404680,35390485,Posted: 1 October,all,794,"Amazing game, the short answer here is that yes, this is worth your money and time playing.Starting with the good, the game looks incredible. I love the art style and it's definitely reminiscent of Torchlight, which is what led to me looking forward to the release of this game. Exploration is fantastic, and the world expands in a unique way that surprised me when it first happened. As you expand the map, the game does a great job of making sure you can easily and simply move and backtrack between sections of the world. The game doesn't hold your hand with where you're supposed to go and what you're supposed to do, although it doesn't really need to because everything is quite straight-forward.Now onto the bad. The game doesn't just strongly recommend a controller, it straight up doesn't fully support KB/M. There are no prompts in the game that tell you what key to press, only prompts that tell you what action to press and you have to go through the menus to see what the controls are. The default KB/M controls aren't awful, but I don't see why they couldn't have put in the simple feature for people to choose their own controls and rebind keys. Using the map, especially the fast-travel map is not nearly as nice as I would have hoped, you can't use the mouse at all to select travel points.For the most part, using KB/M wasn't that bad, though. There are only one or two instances of platorming that were a pain in the butt, but there's a lot of platforming in this game and the rest was fine. The camera is dynamic but locked, most of the time the camera was placed well but there were a few times it could have been better. The camera does a good job to show you hints about collectibles.The game will keep you occupied for about 10 hours, give or take, depending on what kind of pace you play at. Exploring the world is amazing, which is exactly what I was hoping for. As I was playing the game, I was planning on making a point of how easy the game makes it for you to track collectibles. Once you see them they show up on the map so you can go back later and collect them when you have the necessary abilities to. However, now that I've finished the game and have collected everything that I had found, I realize the game doesnotmake it easy to find what you're missing. Once you find an item on the map, it disappears. This means that if you want to compare to a complete map, or you want to look at your own map and see where the obvious gaps are, you can't tell what you've already collected. The map also doesn't show entrance points to dungeons, and it would have also been nice to be able to see from the main map which collectibles were left at what dungeons. This definitely isn't a game-breaker for me, but it did kill my motivation to 100% the game like I was originally planning to. I would end up having to either run circles around the world, hoping I look in the right places, or follow a video guide and redundantly visit every item location I've already been to.In summary:- Beautiful visuals, world feels alive- Exploration is awesome and relaxing- Combat is fun- KB/M controls are okay but the only reason they aren't better is due to developer choice.- Map is helpful for your initial world exploration, but awful when you're at the end and want to 100%.- Puzzles are a little too simple and straightforward, but they're still engaging enough.- Approximately 10 hours of regular gameplay.- Performance is fantastic. I played at 5760x1080 and was running over 120fps on ultra a majority of the time, with only occasional dips down to the 60 range. Never went below 60. (GTX 1080)"
,Recommended,404680,35259453,Posted: 28 September,all,CagBag,"What a fantastic game!although this game has many flaws it also has so much going for it that it may just be my game of the year for 2017.Pros:Currently running on an i7-4770, GTX 780 with 16GB RAM and never once went below 80FPS with max settingsBeautiful scenery and landscapesinteresting comabtvery rewarding puzzles even though most are simple they fill you with a feeling of accomplishmentjust the right length for a game like thisran almost perfectly (few graphical errors)Extremely engaging always making question ""what comes next?""Cons:Can sometimes be confusing as to where to go next once you stop getting the blinking indicator on the mapSome things aren't explained well within the game (could be a Pro if you're into that)No real boss fights excluding the ending depending on which you choose(who was pathetically easy on hard).This game has a beautiful way of telling the story without using any understadable words, find lore throughout the world and learn from what you see. It took me a total of 7 hours to beat the game on my first playthrough(hard mode) without collecting all the upgrades (i did get all the sword parts and lore) but I did spend quite a while exploring and looking at all the vistas. After getting a basic idea of where I was going I then did another run in just under 3 hours. I would say it would take the average player 5-6 hours to beat on the first playthrough.I honestly can't explain why I enjoyed this game so much but it was such a ride with very few moments where there was either no action or no puzzles, it was a none stop very well written journey.Only thing that I found really disapointing was the lack of boss fights which I think would have been a great addition to each dungeon to change the pace of the game a bit.£14.99 for this game seems about right based on how long it took to beat, but for the sheer enjoyment it gave me then it's an absolute steal at that price.I advise everyone to try this game and fall in love with the cute little weird flower things like I didTLDR:Buy it"
,Recommended,404680,35309861,Posted: 29 September,all,AlexAndAHalf,"Hob is a delightful gaming experience lovingly crafted and creatively executed.  Exploration and puzzles steal the spotlight while combat actually work much better than I've come to expect in a game like this.  Watch the world change around you and slowly discover the secrets necessary to save it.This game is absolutely worth the time and money invested into it.  The visuals are absolutely breathtaking as you watch the world transform around you.  I found myself awestruck at the sheer imagination put into this universe at several points throughout playing.  Creature, character, and especially environment design in Hob is truly something to marvel at.Puzzles were relatively simple most of the time, but required quite a bit of exploring, which was rather fun.  Jumping, grappling and warping around was very fluid and the intuitive mechanic of following the power lines was the perfect amount of instruction.Combat was relatively standard for a little action RPG, which isn't a bad thing at all.  Enemies were challenging at time (I played on ""hard"" on a scale of easy, normal, hard, very hard) and it felt like the perfect degree of challenge.  Find schematics that you can use to unlock new abilities and upgrade your weapon for a more in depth experience -- but to be quite honest, you're not necessarily going to feel a huge difference.The storyline of Hob was more of an implied world-building scenario rather than a narrative.  Elements of the world unfolded and unveiled themselves to you and the background of the universe was more implicit than solidified, leaving it open to thought and deliberation.  To me, this perfectly fit the tone of the game -- finding yourself in a universe full of otherworldly imagination.I got 15 solid hours of gameplay before ""beating"" the campaign (of course there are always things that you miss that you can opt to go back and find if you so desire).  I was very peased with this -- I was honestly expecting to get about half of that.Overall, I highly recommend Hob to those looking for an explorative, imaginative, atmospheric experience.  To those who favor combat and exciting gameplay over world building, maybe wait for a sale."
,Recommended,404680,35412084,Posted: 2 October,all,Jaynay 🐥,"About 5 hours in and I am enthralled by Hob, a beautiful action/exploration/puzzle RPG.Hob is very different from the previous Runic games (the highly recommended Torchlight games), but has it's own charm.Combat is light and not overly challenging, but the main focus here seems to be the puzzle/exploration experience. If you are after a relaxing, take it at your own pace type of game this will fill that niche nicely.For the headache sufferers this game has no ultra tense moments (so far) and the simple, infrequent combat allows you to play without too much stress and therefore seems suitable for 'light' gaming if you are afflicted with a headache. Frequent save points also allow you to pick up/put down at short notice without losing your progress. Recommended.(Also reviewed by me via theHeadache & Migraine Gaming Group)"
,Recommended,404680,35404202,Posted: 1 October,all,pyide_maybe,"Solid game! Incredible world design and atmosphere, outstanding soundtrack from Matt Uelmen, and fun mechanics all result in a fairly laid back and constantly enjoyable experience overall. Some unfortunate bugs and immersion breaking issues, but the good far outweighs the bad.If you like to explore and poke around without excessive handholding, give it a shot."
,Recommended,404680,35231633,Posted: 26 September,all,Ten'son',"This is a good game.Puzzles, enemies and platforming sequences are well balanced.Great level design. Exploration is rewarded and I often felt like I was smart for going in a direction, only to find out it was the actual path to take all along, great experience every time.The artistic direction of the game is impressive."
,Recommended,404680,35230725,Posted: 26 September,all,Count Vertsalot,I never review games because most are either meh or full of suck. This is not one of those. That's all you'll get out of me. I recommendation from a pretty pessimistic gamer.
,Recommended,404680,35321795,Posted: 29 September,all,Mathobias,"I love this game.  It took me about 10 hours to finish it, so it's not long, but the artwork and design of the game really pulls you in.  Its a puzzle platformer and explorer.  The combat and puzzles are not too difficult but are very satisfying.  Easy decision to purchase.One of the things I like about this game is that it is so well designed.  There are no tutorials, the game gently leads you where you need to go.  Nothing is explained, it's more up to you how to interpret what you see and hear."
,Recommended,404680,35430164,Posted: 2 October,all,Djeeza,KB+M works fine.Really good game.Zelda is now on pc !
,Recommended,404680,35242516,Posted: 27 September,all,Sir Enzo,"This is one of the best games I've played this year so far, and it was only $20.Imagine if Zelda and Journey has a baby and it was a metroidvania title. Thats Hob. Its combat is simplistic yet has depth to it. It can be button mashy (especially in the beginning) but as the game goes on the enemies become harder and the combat begins to evolve and get deeper.The puzzles are challenging and fun to solve, similar to that of Zelda. You also get upgrades as you progress through the game to both your combat abilities and your ""Glove"" abilities which are mostly used for enviornmental puzzles, but can ALSO be used in combat. This is a pretty great system and I love it.There are places and area (specifically in the beginning) where you might not have the ability or upgrade needed to get to or unlock a certain area. This is where the metroidvania style comes into play. These are almost all (atleast so far for me) optional upgrade items, like a heart piece, or a mana brick, but useful none the less for those of us willing to take the time to back track and find them.The story telling is almost purely through the enviornment, and this is where the Journey feel comes from. There is no dialogue, which might sound like a negative, but I really dig it. I'm not sure exactly why I'm doing what the characters are doing, but I do know I'm having fun doing it, and I can see things in the enviornment that seem like subtle clues as to whats happening in this world. Speaking if which I LOVE the art design and direction. The Music is also top notch as well, really setting the mood and tone.This game has barebones requirements to run on your PC and for only $20 I simply CANNOT recommend this game enough. I should note, I am only 2 and a half hours or so into the game but man I am really digging this game. Two thumbs up."
76561198163061412,Recommended,404680,35229739,Posted: 26 September,all,Natural Born Towel,"So far all I can say is that it looks fantastic! A good mix of genres. Start kinda slowly and unravel impressively, a sign of a great game. And its dammmmn fun!Edit: Certainly one of my favorite of 2017! If you're into that relax mood where you want to fight, think and mostly explore, this is the game for you. The retail price is 200% worth it for a game like that! Fantastic!"
,Recommended,404680,35233583,Posted: 26 September,all,Shadows,"Impressions: Only a few hours in and I'm already in love with this game. It doesn't drag you down with nonstop tutorials or hand holding, instead it gives some subtle nudges and then lets you get to work. Had a few moments of running in circles to try to figure out what to do, which is exactly as it should be.Tech: Running it on ultra (windowed 1600x900 because I hate tabbing out of games for momentary interruptions) and not a single stutter or crash.Bottom Line: If you want a fun and beautiful Zelda-esque game set in a unique world full of surprises and adventure, go buy it now, you will not be disappointed."
,Recommended,404680,35450225,Posted: 3 October,all,Quack!,"Scratches all the right itches for a puzzler/platformer.  Engaging ""story"" without exposition.  $20 well spent."
,Recommended,404680,35410337,Posted: 2 October,all,Skairen,"Almost 7 hours to complete it and I can say yes, I think is worth the time. Runic Games decided to make something different from Torchlight and Hob was the result.  Not a complicated game in any point quite simple but sometimes you need to explore to find the right path.The combat system is more of the same, you can unlock some extra ""upgrades"" but if you don't go for those the game will not be especially more difficult. The story is there but is not really deep and 2 endings which can be both obtained at the end. The soundtrack is good and I don't know why but I got it for free, maybe because I have also both Torchlight?To get the 100% the game could take easy at least 3 or 4 more hours and maybe less depending of your knowledge of the map and how fast you can go. All objects and collectibles appear in the map once you get close enough so no pressure, I'll might go for it in the future.One thing that was a problem sometimes is the camera. Because of the level design and how thin are some paths I failed more jumps that I would like dying in the process.I general a good experience and a relax adventure, in my case no question. I recommend it 100%"
,Recommended,404680,35443950,Posted: 3 October,all,DramaLama,"1) Annoyed with waiting for Shadow of War2) Promised myself not to buy another game and just wait3) Hob emerges, but looks too cute4) I need a new game - right now!5) Buys Hob6) Feelings of guilt and regret7) This thing is awesome - feels like Zelda on the SNES!8) Best impulse purchase ever!"
76561198001374812,Recommended,404680,35412952,Posted: 2 October,all,starwolf738,"Enjoyed the game very much, kind of hated one ending. I hope Hob will be the start of a series of games around this world.As an older gamer lacking the reaction times for the fights and playing on an DELL xps 9560 with medium graphics and easy game mode i found almost the whole game pretty smooth. A no fight mode with just the riddles would make the game even better for me. Had to look up my prefered ending on YouTube as the final fight was by far to difficult for me even with easy settings.Pro:- a world beyond your imagination, completely fresh, i hope for more storys from this world- for my taste very nice graphics with soothing music which reminds me of times long gone in diablos tristram ;-)- riddles and world are some of the best i have seen, all but one where solvable without help, did not find the start- very easy to get in the flow, one more puzzle, one more checkpoint, one more collectable ;-)- took me 20 hours to solve, so 1 Euro per hour, very very high value for your money- first game i played completely with controller(required!!!), after hundreds of games with mouse/keyboard surprisinly good!Cons (buy and play it, these are just to warn you!):- i hate the save system, could not find out how to save my progress to show some sequences again to my wife. wtf?- while kind of related to the story, the fights did not help me to enjoy the world, i could very well live without them.- if you do not figure out the save system, you can not go back the complete the world beyond some point at the end.- never had a console, i assume Hob is pretty much like a console game, so i will never own a console.I expect to play this game again for my wife in spectator mode, as an avid WoW player (have been, too), a game depending on a controller is completely unplayable for her.Looking forward to Hob 2 - Hob 10 ;-)"
,Recommended,404680,35456138,Posted: 3 October,all,The Mouse of Madness,"I've spent a few hours with Hob, and though I haven't finished it yet I can say that this is definitely one of my favorite games I've ever played. Without a single word said, it tells the story of a broken world ravaged by war against the disease spreading across its surface. Lost in this world you move forward, never quite knowing what's going on beyond the path in front of you until finally it starts coming together. Literally. The world is made whole again by your hand as your actions add up to restore everything you've fought through.I've never played a game where you changed so much of the landscape not just as a result of playing it, but as an actual game mechanic to solve various puzzles and challenges. The art style is amazing, the gameplay solid. My only complaint lies in some framerate drops during loading of new areas which can be especially annoying during combat. Beyond that continuing issue despite a couple optimization patches, there's nothing else that bothers me about this game at all. That's a rare thing to be able to say."
76561197968561597,Recommended,404680,35393019,Posted: 1 October,all,Mr Funny Shoes,Lovely so far. Slightly wonky combat but overall it's great. Definitely worth the asking price.
76561198006413227,Recommended,404680,35246562,Posted: 27 September,all,IHateGlamour,"It's a masterpiece that is very cheap, so being from a eastern european country I could aford to buy it."
,Recommended,404680,35279394,Posted: 28 September,all,[SPG] Capt. Jored Doom,"Truly amazing. Intituitive, exciting, beautiful, and polished. This is puzzle platforming at its absolute best. The level design is exquisite; brings to mind Dark Souls 1 in its interconnectedness."
,Recommended,404680,35229740,Posted: 26 September,all,the electric version,"Visually this is THE most beautiful game I've ever played. I've yet to get very far in the story, but the characters are already grabbing me. The soundtrack is fantastic. This game is exceeding my expectations in every way. There is more quality in what I've played so far of HoB than there is in many games I've bought for three times its price.By the way, you don't need a controller. I'm just using keyboard and mouse and the controls are fine. If you don't have a controller - don't worry. It's still just as fun."
76561198162711165,Recommended,404680,35240403,Posted: 27 September,all,☭Comrade Stalin☭,"Love the game.i feel like, i'm playing a console game again but using K/M, reminds me in crash bandicoot and jak and daxter etc.0.6 hrs played still goodA very good action platform puzzle game :Dthank you so much Runic Games!! I love your games especially Torchlight 1 and 2 :Dhere are my pros and conspros:-great atmosphere-indie console feel game-HD cartoonish graphics-smooth sounds and animations-relaxing smooth music background-nostalgic *game feels like crash bandicoot game but indie platform puzzle action game*Cons:NO CONS!no cons because the game is 100% excellenti hope HOB will recieve a game of the year awards or maybe game of the year 2017 :D"
76561197992770311,Recommended,404680,35242446,Posted: 27 September,all,Narsus,"From the beginning, I freaking loved the game design and flow. I won't ruin it, but the way the game starts is very clever. I had a grin the whole 3 hours I played last night. (except for the 30 minutes I was stuck) Totally worth the 18 or 20 bucks, and I'm having a hard time focusing at work because I want to keep playing Hob. :P- I'm sure the game designers are reading these comments, so... It would be nice if there was a mini-map and the ability to key bind for keyboard/mouse players.Either way, buy it. Gorgeous game. Very creative. You'll love it!(I have played Torchlight 1 and 2 and usually stick with Blizzard games.)"
76561198064289674,Recommended,404680,35390256,Posted: 1 October,all,iLL-Di$$,"An atmospheric platform puzzle game without any dialouges but a unique graphic and art style. go on a journey and repair the world and heal it from bad alien encounters. to do this activate big machines and knobs and levers to transform the levels to reach new areas. also some orcish goblinish monsters are to fight. some of them wear heavy armor and you need tricks to crack it before you can kill them. upgrade your character with new skills, a stronger sword and more energy or life pool. to find/buy these upgrades still look for hidden paths and fight the bigger monsters for resources.really really great stuff. totally worth playing! i recommend it!"
76561197971168307,Recommended,404680,35428285,Posted: 2 October,all,CaptainAhab,I'm 7 h into the game and really like it so far.- Great visuals and controls (I use a game pad)- Steady progression- Puzzles not too hard
,Recommended,404680,35467445,Posted: 4 October,all,Phantom,"It makes sense so many are comparing this title to Zelda. There are a ton of parallels, the most important being that you can scythe down patches of grass with your sword (sometimes finding money).Hob features a strong emphasis on environmental puzzles but it also includes weapons and skills + upgrades etc. and enemies throughout, which gives it some needed variation. The monsters you encounter are -not- the focal point and are hardly ever a real obstacle, but to create a fantastical world like this and not have enemies in it at all would simply be a let down.The puzzles themselves as far as difficulty goes are challenging at times but definitely not ""difficult."" So far I haven't found myself getting stuck on an area for an unreasonable amount of time or ever thinking ""this♥♥♥♥♥♥is unfair"". It may be an adventure game but it's definitely one you can just relax and play casually.The thing I love most about Hob is the art style. Each new area is breathtaking in it's own way, not to mention the world as a cohesive whole, which grows/opens up to you in surprising ways as you progress forward.Stylistically in a nut shell I'd say it's somehow both mechanical and magical at the same time. It's definitely unique."
,Recommended,404680,35254320,Posted: 27 September,all,Bernie Sanders,"Firstly, if you're having optimization issues, turn on Vsync to cap your frames. I have a GTX 1080 and was crashing every few minutes before I did so. Now on to the meat of it...Pros:This game is the poor man's Breath of the Wild. It's a perfect blend of Zelda and Metroidvania puzzling. The art is cell shaded which is a big plus in my book.Neutrals:Combat is meh. I'm on very hard, and it's laughable. The puzzling isn't difficult, but at times, the game seems artificially difficult when you miss a small path that's critical to solving one.Cons:Optimization is still kind of spotty. It's a bit slow. I am patient, but Jesus, it can drag at times.Tl;dr purchase if you like metroidvania/zelda adventures and turn on vsync."
76561197960270904,Recommended,404680,35235973,Posted: 26 September,all,Phobos,"So far a good game, with one big BUT.When I first played the game, I had several crashes within the first 15 minutes. I went back to the launcher options and saw that ""Controller Vibration"" was enabled. Well, my controllers do not have force feedback, so I tried disabling that feature. Voila! No more crashes (knock on wood). So it seems that either using ""controller vibration"" causes crashes or using ""controller vibration"" on a controller without that feature causes crashes.Other than that, I have enjoyed the game. The puzzles can be tricky, so be patient and EXPLORE."
,Recommended,404680,35235120,Posted: 26 September,all,Doktor Sleepless,"Wow. For $20 this game is freaking amazing! If you like puzzle games, Zelda games, Super Mario games or anything similar to those games, this game is for you! There have been many times when I have seen an area in the distance and thought oh, that looks neat but it's probably just background art and 10 minutes later I am playing in that area. Runic have really hit it out of the ball park with this one. Graphics are amazing as is the sound. Puzzles are challenging but not too hard."
,Recommended,404680,35316114,Posted: 29 September,all,riber09,Amazing Game! Fantastic graphics.  Such interesting world and atmosphere!
,Recommended,404680,35229708,Posted: 26 September,all,globalmatador,what a magical game. I'm 3 hours in and it's one of the best gaming experiences I had this year.
,Recommended,404680,35229185,Posted: 26 September,all,Krakaen,"I must say, this game is the kind of game I do enjoy playing.PROS- Fun to play- Music is good- Sounds are great- Camera work is nice- The powers are nice- The puzzles are not so badCONS- Monsters are too easy to kill- 2 crashes in 1.5 hours of play (reboot and everything is fine)- Sudden frame drops when playing, even with a good graphic card(I have a 1070)- Controls orientation switch when in ladders. If you enter a ladder going right, you will need to go down or up to move on it, or you will go to the sides of the ladder- Some sounds are louder than others by a lotOVERALLThis is a good game, and the cons are minor things that will be patched and fixed I am sure. This is worth the money I spent for it and I am having fun playing it so far.Would recoment to buy!8.5/10!"
,Not Recommended,404680,35291348,Posted: 29 September,all,skytzo_franic,"Unfortunatley, I love this game. What makes that unfortunate is that it really isn't THAT great.The problem with there being no spoken or written words is that you may come back to the game having NO CLUE as to what you're supposed to do next.The map is lacking; there are no markers for entrances to underground areas, (so unless you have a great memory you'll lose track of where you need to back-track so you can finish off raiding them after you get all the upgrades,) as well as no markers for respawn stations, so you'll be looking for those too, since they're scattered around randomly in clusters. If there could be a mini-map with a quest marker, or a translucent overlay it'd been better than having to pause it every few minutes.Sixty percent of me playing this game has been running around looking for where I'm supposed to go next, which got so frustrating that I'd have to shut it off and relax for an hour or two.The game is fun.When Mr. Robotto shows up, it makes me smile.The sprites are cute as hell flower children.The combat mechanics are well done.But the game is buggy, one time I started it up and my guy hopped out of the spawn tube but his skin was all black, except for the eyes and the arm. Sometimes the vines on the wall near the robot graveyard blink in-and-out of existence. You can still use them, but they're invisible.I know it's still new, and some kinks still need to be worked out, and I wish Steam had a ""Not Yet"" or ""Later"" option for these reviews.Until then, I do not recomend this game."
76561197983159515,Recommended,404680,35232585,Posted: 26 September,all,"""Paycheck-66""","FANTASTIC experience so far!With only a couple of hours in so far, I normally wait on reviewing a game. I have to though for HOB because it deserves to be recommended. If you enjoy puzzle/platforming adventures with a little combat then here is your new addiction.PROS:Wonderful graphics that fit the enviroments and characters well.Responsive controls (using 360 controller)Camera is spot on with movement (which is a huge deal for me)Exploring is rewardedCombat is smooth and fluentRuns well on my aging gaming laptop.Save points are often enough to keep from having to replay areas to muchCONS:Had it freeze one time which caused a reboot, but save was okSo far enemies are not to difficult (could change deeper in)I highly recommend HOB if you have any intrest in buying. Looking forward to more and hope RUNIC might down the road throw some DLC at us."
76561198006263994,Recommended,404680,35268868,Posted: 28 September,all,Hellspawned,"About four hours into the game, and I'm loving it. What first drew me in was the art style. It is very reminiscent of the Studio Ghibli movie ""Laputa, Castle in the Sky"", one of my favorite animes. It seems to have been inspired in large part by that movie, both in terms of aesthetics and worldbuilding. It gets my seal of approval, for certain. The world is also quite expansive, and the fact that through progressing, you're putting the world back together, in a very physical sense, is something I found quite engaging.Equally, the music and ambient sounds are very atmospheric, to the level where I could see myself just listening to it outside of playing the game.The gameplay and storytelling is straight-forward, no nonsense there, and grips you right from the start. The fact that there's no (intelligible) dialogue doesn't stop the characters in the game from having personalities that clearly shows as you progress through it. The fact that there's a lot of mystery and not a lot of explanations, I find, motivates me to progress rather than turn me off from playing.It wouldn't be fair to sing it's praises without mentioning a few problems I've had with it, however.As a seasoned puzzle solver, the problem solving part of the game comes across as quite simplistic and one-dimensional. They could've made them more advanced, without them becoming a hindrande, I think.The lack of controller setup makes the mouse + keyboard option quite unintuitive, and sub-par to using a controller. Plays best with a controller, as the game description says. It's still quite playable with mouse and keyboard, once you get used to the control scheme, but it's weird for a game of this type.Finally, there are still some slowdown problems when you sprint around and force the game to load new level pieces at a high pace. The developers are hard at work squashing that bug though, and it's barely noticable on my middle-of-the-range system. Watching early release videos on youtube, you see a few crashes, but I've had no crashes so far.End verdict: If you like gorgeous platforming puzzlers with a bit of Zelda'esque combat, this is one of the best choices out there."
76561198027965407,Recommended,404680,35261787,Posted: 28 September,all,LouarnRuz,"An action-packed, puzzle-riddled mystery that will make you beg for more :)"
,Recommended,404680,35271620,Posted: 28 September,all,✔️ Groene Liniaal,"never played any game like this, just saw it coming by and tought f*ck it and bought ithavent been sucked into a game so much in a long whilethis game is really good :)"
,Recommended,404680,35279654,Posted: 28 September,all,UMR is always listless,12 hours missed a couple secrets favorite game from this year so far.
,Recommended,404680,35301376,Posted: 29 September,all,Orry,"Wonderful game. Great world, visuals and story telling without using a single word. Only lacks striking music to compete with Bastion ;)"
,Recommended,404680,35255813,Posted: 27 September,all,dlshadow07,"The game is not fully polish yet though it look amazing and it has a very nice flow to it. I only played for an hour and the controls are spot on, graphics are very nice and the puzzles are fun.Overal a 8.5/10This deserves your time"
76561198093803821,Recommended,404680,35252930,Posted: 27 September,all,SpineStinger,So far so GOOD!Pretty straight forward game with a wonderful enviroment which builds nicely to the next level so you arent overburdened by trying to remember too much at once and I really like how they mapped the joystick.Its a great adventure so far and looking forward to seeing whats behind the next wall I smash thru!
,Recommended,404680,35228835,Posted: 26 September,all,M4RS,The setting and the (art)style of this game is just wonderful. Controlling using a Logitech wireless controller works perfect so far. The mechanics are logical. Sound fits perfectly into the atmosphere of the game.
76561198227725796,Recommended,404680,35245959,Posted: 27 September,all,molly.mccarthy18,"Very impressed with the game so far, its beautiful and really fun to play, reminds me alot of Jak and daxter , if you liked that game when you were younger you will love this."
,Recommended,404680,35243037,Posted: 27 September,all,zilas0,"Im in love with this game, the feeling of waking up this ancient land give's me chills and trust me they are good. Alott of detail as it should be and i can't wait to explore more and more!"
76561198076579925,Recommended,404680,35360805,Posted: 30 September,all,T4TTEDUP,Never got the chance to play there previous titles Torchlight 1 and 2. But i have to say I absolutely love this game! I've beaten the game 2 times now and plan to do more runs always something new to find. Game is amazing just buy it well worth the money!
,Recommended,404680,35237535,Posted: 27 September,all,Wolven,"Another win from Runic Games!-Fun game play.-Great atmosphere.-Gorgeous art style.-Excellent sound and music.I'm only an hour into the game so far and I can't wait to explore the rest of the game. Feel so satisfying to progress through the levels and explore the world.P.S. I had problems with crashes on launch day, but the first patch seems to have fixed those issues."
76561198114401408,Recommended,404680,35230418,Posted: 26 September,all,TheTharsis,"What a great game!It`s a Zelda influenced Action-Adventure, that reminds me of Hyper Light Drifter with a greater focus on exploring, puzzles and platforming. The level design is clever, the world building is awesome and it`s a blast to play.Highly recommended!"
,Recommended,404680,35236183,Posted: 26 September,all,hadati,"tl;dr - Buy it.Hob is completely different than Torchlight or TL2.  It's not an ARPG really at all.  I'd say it's more akin to a platforming-based Zelda.  Yes there is a little combat, sword attacks, dodge roll mechanics, the equivalent of hearts that you build up, etc.  But mostly its about finding the way through the levels with the gradually acquired new gloves and abilities you get.  There's blessedly no dialogue.  The game nudges you forwards with new skills and equipment that you need to get further and Runic has done a great job not giving you too many at once.I was wondering if I'd like a Runic game that wasn't diablo-esque and the answer for me is a resounding yes."
,Recommended,404680,35229368,Posted: 26 September,all,Jipzy,Havent made it far yet but its a beautiful gamePros: Great GameplayCons: Minimum Requirements Set Abit Low in my opinion9.9/10
76561198041480315,Recommended,404680,35312345,Posted: 29 September,all,locotloki,"""Simple, yet satisfying"" was my mantra for this game.How are the puzzles? Simple, yet satisfying. How is the platforming and combat?  Simple, yet satisfying. How are the graphics? Simple, yet satisfying. How is the story? Simple and need I say more?Its the perfect popcorn game to play on a lazy afternoon. Pick it up if you've already beaten games like Bastion and Hyper Light Drifter and still have that exploration itch."
76561198026506133,Recommended,404680,35359418,Posted: 30 September,all,Clueless,"Don't let the tags fool you, this is a Metroidvania with a glorious overworld.Simple combat sprinkled between the puzzles you need to solve.All the sockets and how tightly machinery fits makes me tingle.I'm getting Klonoa vibes in a Septerra Core world. I haven't had Klonoa vibes since Klonoa 2.Man I'm getting old."
76561198018651190,Recommended,404680,35392268,Posted: 1 October,all,EnticingGinger,"Great game, the design is beautiful, great input for the controls and an excellent soundtrack."
76561197992861353,Recommended,404680,35390937,Posted: 1 October,all,El Diablo,pure relax for me. Great job guys
,Recommended,404680,35316497,Posted: 29 September,all,-Kuzi-,"If you enjoy a game the pulls you into the world and leaves you to your own devices, you'll find this game very enjoyable.7/10"
76561197973473959,Not Recommended,404680,35460554,Posted: 3 October,all,Burd Turglar,"I was about 8 hours into the game when I jumped to try to reach an area and fell down and died. I respawned in an area I'd never seen with no way to get out, and no way to respawn in a different location. Tried replacing the main save with the earliest backup, but all 10 backup saves are stuck in that same location.This game was great up until then, but it clearly wasn't ready for release as it seems lots of people are getting stuck in different spots and unable to proceed, basically destroying your save and wasting all your time.Wait a couple months until they fix the game, then buy it."
76561197974818078,Recommended,404680,35246335,Posted: 27 September,all,Caiban,"Cute, fun, wonderful game.  Mostly laid back with a little combat to spice it up.  Mostyl fun platform/puzzles.  Nothing is very difficult and when you die the spawns are very forgiving.  It's a game a 40 and 7 year old will both enjoy."
76561197984657035,Recommended,404680,35413117,Posted: 2 October,all,kiadony,"I don't normally play platformers or puzzle games so I was surprised when I found myself loving Hob so much. It's charming and fun, repairing the world is satisfying; yes, it's not very challenging but to me it's a plus when I just want to relax and make progress.I'm using a gamepad as recommended and the movement and combat are very fluid. And while I'm a big fan of Torchlight II I definitely don't mind getting Hob before TL III. Yes, it's different but nothing is wrong with that.Though I should note that I'm the kind of person who doesn't mind it when games get repetitive when the repeated action is fun enough. So if you just want hack-and-slash action, Hob's not for you. It's definitely more puzzle- and exploration-oriented."
76561198066147532,Not Recommended,404680,35357341,Posted: 30 September,all,Forgenvash,"This game is trying to blend Hyper Light Drifter with Wind Waker, and it doesn't manage to capture enough of the essence of either.Initially, you'll enjoy the graphical style, which is the biggest thing this game has going for it. But once you really get going, you'll have no idea what's going on. You collect items that don't have a clear purpose, and apply one or another of them to opening up new parts of the world. You push buttons, and things happen. You never have a clear sense of where you are, which makes exploring difficult to impossible. And you'll take down enemies in mindlessly simple combat using only one of the abilities you unlock.At the end of the game, there are a series of events that are supposed to feel ""big."" But there's no build-up: it's not like you've been waiting for them to happen the entire game. You had no idea they were possible, and so they fall flat.In all, I enjoyed the first few hours of wandering around in this cute and artistically beautiful world. But by halfway through, I was just proceeding in the hopes that there'd be a payoff. Which there wasn't. I'm ordinarily a completionist but I have no desire to find all the collectibles in this game, or finish exploring it, because the 8 hours I've spent on it shows me there won't be anything there worth finding."
76561198005772592,Recommended,404680,35228071,Posted: 26 September,all,Awsumpossum,"This has been revised as my experience has grown.  Overall, I would still recommend HoB, but here are my thoughts on some of the more talked about features.First, the game world.  The game world of HoB is pretty exquisite.  The art style, creatures, and sense of grandeur are extremely well done.  Watching the world change, based on your in game actions, is really neat and satisfying.  The way the different pieces of the puzzle-like world fit together and change over time is seamless and I'm pretty blown away.  I actually cannot imagine trying to make something like this work.  In my eyes, it's quite an achievement.Second, the story or lack of one.  For me, this isn't an issue.  I'm actually having a great time with the mystery of the world.  I feel like the character, I'm just trying to figure out what the hell is going on while piecing things together through the puzzles.  It's pretty refreshing especially since I'm a bit of a snob about writing.  I'm not done with the game so I don't know how it unfolds, but right now (4-5 hours played) it is not an issue.  In fact, I think it works incredibly well because of the World's mysterious atmosphere.  That said, a lot of others have expressed frustration about this.  Their sentiments have been akin to, ""I'm doing this just because.""  To those people I say, ""use your ♥♥♥♥ing imagination.""Third, the combat.  Combat is pretty similar to Zelda (much of this game is similar to Zelda).  You swing your sword and punch your way to victory.  Some mobs die in a couple hits, others take quite awhile to kill.  Some aren't very dangerous, others kill you in 1 hit if you incorrectly time a dodge.  The progression of your sword skills/glove skills are noticeable.  Enemies explode when they die, combat sounds are present, and when a club smashes the ground, you feel it.Fourth, the puzzles and secrets.  I don't play tons of puzzle games, but I've been enjoying the ones in HoB.  I haven't found one that has completely stumped me for ages, but they don't feel insignificant either.  Thus far, I'm finding them pretty satisfying and with a reasonable amount of variance.  I imagine this is because most of them fundamentally alter the layout of the world and for some reason being able to see the impact makes them feel good to me.  I've discovered several secret areas, and I'm sure I've missed others.  It's exciting when you find one.  You feel like a small child that has figured out how to get into cookies.  Suck it, game.My gripes:Fifth, the controls and camera.  In general, the controls are fluid on the controller.  Your character is responsive, turns well, and moves well in combat.  The one caveat to this is during some of the jumping puzzles.  Your character cannot turn in the air.  Once you jump, you've jumped.  I cannot tell you how many times I've jumped from one log, to the next log, clipped the edge and fallen to my death.  It is frothing-at-the-mouth-maddening.  Absolutely livid.  The veins in my neck look like the forearms of a ♥♥♥♥ing gorilla.  I♥♥♥♥♥♥you not, I was backtracking earlier and came to a log jump and died 8 times in a row because my stupid character can't just stick his giant bionic arm out and grab the side of a log.  First jump, wide left.  Second jump, wide right.  Ensuing jumps, all over the place.  Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥  I was freaking out.  This happens a lot.  Oh, nice ladder there.  Walk up to it, expect HoB to grab it, instead go flying off the ♥♥♥♥ing cliff to my death and have to run back.  Are you kidding me with this?  COME ON, MAN.Which then, of course, brings me to the camera.  It's fixed, you can't move it.  Which isn't that bad, expect when you're behind something and literally just have no idea what your character is up to.  Whoops, ""goodbye cruel world"" as you parasail to your death.  Lots of weird situations where you're just running aimlessly, have no idea what's near you and then smash into something (like thorns) that hurts you.  I'm sure there are very good reasons for the camera being fixed, but be prepared to flip your♥♥♥♥♥♥  Between the camera/controls while jumping, you'll be rage quitting for sure.  I've rage quit a lot.Lastly, the performance.  Performance has been a bit of an issue for a lot of people.  Some players cannot even start the game.  Fortunately, I've avoided those severe issues.  In my time playing, I've crashed twice.  Well, my game has frozen and stopped responding, forcing me to close it out.  And you will absolutely experience stuttering in some areas/chugging in some areas regardless of your computer's power.Overall: I've really enjoyed HoB thus far and I am looking forward to continuing to explore the World's mysteries.  I'd probably rate it 84/100, but that score would easily be in the 90s/100 if they fixed the controls and the performance issues.  The camera is only mildly irritating and mostly comounded by the controls.  The atmosphere of this game is incredible.  Pick it up.Update: Regarding game length, it took me just under 10 hours to complete the story with roughly half of the steam achievements.  I am nowhere near completing all of the puzzles for health, energy, etc."
76561198018707283,Recommended,404680,35243322,Posted: 27 September,all,Craats,"This game is amazing. The atmosphere, fluid controls and very interesting story make this game a must play."
,Recommended,404680,35326278,Posted: 30 September,all,Dark_Rain,Seeing this game in 4K is amazing. The puzzles fun and the combat is not easy. It is very fun.
76561197993408085,Recommended,404680,35323281,Posted: 29 September,all,nearlydeadguy,Zelda + Jawa + Nintendo powerglove = memberberries
76561197991921123,Recommended,404680,35236220,Posted: 26 September,all,meshuggah12345,"I sat and played this for 2.5 hours straight, there are only a few games that I can just sit and play like that. Its very immersive and does not hold your hand when it comes to the puzzles, which is a very welcome change. If you like any of the Legend of Zelda games, you should give this a try. Recommended!"
76561198112366442,Recommended,404680,35384314,Posted: 1 October,all,andreas.kalis,"like Zelda, but better. Nice grafic, sound and gameplay. Like Hob2 in the future please."
,Recommended,404680,35302755,Posted: 29 September,all,mhenryblack,"This game is a masterpiece.  I will update when finished, but had to get my upvote in.I truly cannot understand any reason someone would down vote such a stellat game.10/10"
76561197979348554,Recommended,404680,35359111,Posted: 30 September,all,columbine,"There are people who are complaining about this game because they wanted Runic to make Torchlight 3. There are people who are complaining about this game because it doesn't explain what's going on and you have to actually figure it out for yourself. These people are all wrong (although I'd still like Torchlight 3 please, Runic, hint hint).Hob is a good game. It looks lovely, it sounds lovely, It plays well.I reject most puzzle-platformers because the precision needed for the jumping puzzles makes me crazy - try something a dozen times and fall every time at the last step of a fifteen-minute jump sequence, throw my computer out the window. That did not happen here. Well, not more than a couple of times. It's very forgiving (the grappling is the hardest part to master).The exploration is good, there's a lot of hidden things to find, and the way the landscape continually rearranges itself as you do things is awesome.The fighting ... well, I played on easy difficulty so I don't know how horrible it is on other difficulty levels, but I enjoyed it. The game plays fair - each type of enemy has a technique and it's fairly easy to figure out what to do in each case.Now the bad stuff.You really will want a controller for this, or you're going to have a lot of trouble doing things like making jumps successfully across a gap in a CURVED walkway. Fortunately, it played pretty well with controller (I used the Steam Controller).There is no free camera movement and sometimes the decisions they've made about where to place the camera in a scene are a little baffling.There are still quite a few bugs. I didn't encounter any that were game-breaking, but others have. There was one point where I had to exit and reload to unstick a movable object that refused to move.The last three minutes of the game are horrible. You are asked to choose one of two endings. The ""peaceful"" ending turns out to beletting the alien growth that you've been trying the whole game to eradicate take over the placeand the ""fight"" ending pits you against an enemy who is unexpectedly 1000x harder to fight than anything else you've encountered. I gave up after six tries. Neither ending feels particularly satisfying. Fortunately, by that point you'll have gotten your money's worth anyway."
,Recommended,404680,35262934,Posted: 28 September,all,Jengus,this game is beautiful in everyway.it's relaxing and you really get pulled in to the world by it's beautiful scenary and soothing ambience.The puzzles are fun the combat is good the soundtrack is amazing definitely buy this gem!
,Recommended,404680,35364325,Posted: 30 September,all,Athruz,"this is a butchered english review. if you're a grammar nazi, this might hurt to read.i get the shadow of the colossus vibe from this game.but i also get the dark souls vibe from this game (from all the rolls and dying), well maybe i'm just that bad at playing it.there are a lot of exploting in this game but it fills with an amazing level design and unique art style. there are some parts where it's kind of tiring but its still rewarding as you get more upgrades and those green thing.replayability? maybe.worth the price? YES.i just wish game company would make games like these more"
76561198030960612,Recommended,404680,35341317,Posted: 30 September,all,Orestes,"Great game, very fun. Finished @ ~70% achievements in 12 hours. Had a couple of crashes, but I bought the game a launch."
,Recommended,404680,35343594,Posted: 30 September,all,Phil,"awesome game, got into flow playing it."
76561198049784766,Recommended,404680,35237132,Posted: 27 September,all,uoodS λxǝS,"I waited so long, and finally got to play Hob. Gem of a game where the level of visual beauty parallels meaningful puzzle design. Totally in love with Hob. Thank you for this piece, and my hearty congratulations to the whole team. Played for 4 hours and it feels like there is a lot more I need to explore. However, the game still has a few places a player can get stuck, but there is an option to respawn. The respawn locations are not too far off, and the best part is that it saves any progress (between 2 save points) of most variables. Bottom line, please play Hob, show it some love <3"
76561198010701048,Recommended,404680,35232793,Posted: 26 September,all,MKlick,"It is tough to recommend the game at this point.  I was looking forward to this game for quite a while since I love all the past Runic games. I wish Steam offered a  yes maybe no for recommendations.Graphics are incredible. Gameplay is a little rough in the beginning because I had no clue as to what I was trying to do.  I actually had to go to a Youtube video to get myself started in the right direction.  After that it is just a series of puzzle solving that is fun but difficult.I finally got going and the game froze up on me and then just crashed.  That should not happen, as far as I am concerned on a supposedly finished game.  I have a state of the art gaming computer, so nothing on my end.  I will continue to try to play the game and see what results."
76561197970320868,Recommended,404680,35403637,Posted: 1 October,all,sizer99,"This game is basically Ico-light Drifter (3D) - that should get you salivating, right?The combat is much easier than Hyperlight Drifter, and the platforming is far more forgiving than Ico - It'll generally understand where you were trying to go and not punsh you for being a pixel off.  I don't consider these negatives!On the downside for some people, you will spend a lot of time just running around wondering WTF you're supposed to do next, which is 8-bit RPG Represent.  But it's purty so I don't mind so much just running around.  Actually, the 3D complexity of the maps reminds me of the old Dreamcast game E.G.G.  You'll get used to what the game expects of you.Just realize that ground pound is A, then Y, not A and Y together.  And buy the shield first!"
76561198002211553,Recommended,404680,35264212,Posted: 28 September,all,TurtleBoy,"Great game!  A big open world with puzzles and no talking and minimal text.  Reminds me of Miyazaki films like Princess Mononoke and Laputa.  Nice story too, takes a while to figure out, only snipets of information here and there."
76561197998056866,Recommended,404680,35355039,Posted: 30 September,all,xagemox,Zelda steampunk and cute animals.
76561198009412001,Recommended,404680,35479957,Posted: 4 October,all,quatl,Sometimes a game does what it is trying to do exactly right.  This is one of those games.It is exactly what it looks like it is.  If you like the sort of game it seems to be then you should buy it now.
76561197989777519,Recommended,404680,35316927,Posted: 29 September,all,Mituki,Masterpiece
,Recommended,404680,35471747,Posted: 4 October,all,Benny1,"Great game, no bugs. Also no voice acting but still a great game."
,Not Recommended,404680,35454920,Posted: 3 October,all,Wailor,"Despite the requirements, the game goes increidibly slow. Zero optimization. Even after researching and configuring everything as good as possible for the game to work properly it was still very laggy. Don't bother buying it if you don't have the latest pc in the market."
,Recommended,404680,35303071,Posted: 29 September,all,DarkFrost,I haven't played the whole game yet but I believe I have played enough to get a feel for the game.Pros:- Great Aesthetic- Satisfying Combat- Exploration is Satisfying- Solving puzzles is extremely rewarding because you can feel the whole environment transform because of your actions.- Gameplay feels really immersive- The game really nails the steampunk feel.Cons:- ???
,Recommended,404680,35308062,Posted: 29 September,all,ArcticZenith,Quit hobbin around
,Recommended,404680,35282890,Posted: 28 September,all,非洲灾民想出货Lstu,非常好的一款游戏，就是路痴玩不下去
76561198069848340,Recommended,404680,35328760,Posted: 30 September,all,Triforce,"Just started, but it looks very good and its not too easy.I'm pretty shure, that you will like this game, if you like Oceanhorn and/or Hyper Light Drifter.Hob has a Zelda feeling, just like these two."
76561197998219444,Recommended,404680,35237024,Posted: 27 September,all,Zulu,I'm totally hooked!-Fun gameplay-Great look-very cool world buildingif I didn't need sleep I would still be playing!
,Recommended,404680,35232353,Posted: 26 September,all,SmashRipsaw,"Some of the best sound design in a game that I've ever experienced. Really interesting, always-changing world, simple but enjoyable combat. I do wish the game had a more intuitive map in terms of finding upgrades and knowing where to go next, but this wasn't a dealbreaker for me. This is definitely the best Zelda-like game I've played that isn't actually a Zelda game."
76561198316717849,Recommended,404680,35472447,Posted: 4 October,all,gkk,Shut up  and take my money
76561197988771313,Not Recommended,404680,35309898,Posted: 29 September,all,NeoBrain,"Update:Love how everyone is down voting this review but not posting ""why they feel it is wrong.""Everything in this review is true.I smell fanboy-ism at work.I am sorry that you purchased a game with so many flaws and no replay value.--------------------------------------------------------------------Original Review:After plaything through the game, I cannot recommend this to anyone.Hob is a 3d platformer light on puzzle solving and frustrating combat.Pros:- Stylized world and character- First two hours really fun- Fun exploring- Interacting with the world and creatures- Exploring initially- Interesting story initially- Lots of checkpoint initiallyCons:- Stylized world really is showing age with the Torchlight engine.- Lots of clipping issues- Character falling through the ground with instant death- The game feels like it was designed in blocks.- Once you have done one block, you have done them all.- Find the butterflies, health upgrade, energy bar upgrade, sword parts.- Find the “spirit imps” and release it.  Go to next block and do the same.- Rinse and repeat.- After exploring past the lightning area all the Areas look the same.- Check points in later stages become further apart.- Often leading to retrying difficult jumps over and over again.- Doing the same complex jump sequence 20 to 30 times.- Made my thumb hurt.- Frustration does not equal Fun!- Combat- The dreaded micro-pause when dodging.- This causes the player to be hit often with instant death.- Instant death does not equal Fun!- Energy bar depletion is never an issue.- Game can be completed without using blocking.- Combat upgrades are useless and do not add anything to the combat.- Camera- This is the fundamental flaw of the whole game.- Turns the game into a “find the button and push it.”- Because you cannot look around, you cannot solve the puzzles.You just run around looking for a button or switch to press and see what happens.There really isn’t much puzzle solving.- Story- There is no story mid-game. None.- Mid game is all about collecting items and finishing the blocks.- So boring."
76561197970776743,Not Recommended,404680,35344948,Posted: 30 September,all,morfaine,"There's not much of a game here and what's here gamewise is very linear and uninspired.At it's core it's a platformer with fixed camera angles. So many deaths in this game due to not being able to judge jump direction relative to the camera. Terrible mechanical implementation.The game is very linear, the puzzles very simple, the upgrades are very uninspiring and the plot is light to the point of being nonexistent.The only plus for this game is the interesting 'floating platform' type environment.Overall a big letdown after their last couple of games."
,Not Recommended,404680,35311055,Posted: 29 September,all,dbugz,"Hob seems to be like a work of art: beautiful without the need for words.However, at its current state that is all it is in my opinion.There are the occasional crashes, and bugs: objectives not triggering, game not saving properly, etc.If you're the exploring type then prepare to die more than a few times trying to jump ledges or reach paths that look accessible but will be blocked by invisible walls.There also the odd camera angles that will sometimes render you trapped between objects as you try and find a way out of whatever it is blocking you that you can't see. Also, be prepared to experience random clipping issues related to the aforementioned.Right now, I would not recommend the game even after a couple of patches already released. Let's see after they address the major issues and other quirks if we can then truly enjoy this ""game"" as a game."
,Recommended,404680,35228163,Posted: 26 September,all,DeliveREEEEEEEEEE,"Game so far is very good, I will be giving a better review shortly after playing a lot more! Would recommend this game so far!!"
,Recommended,404680,35249176,Posted: 27 September,all,Moath,It's gud
76561198022563651,Not Recommended,404680,35483145,Posted: 4 October,all,Wesuwius,Really good puzzle platformer with a decent combat. Too bad it crashes way too often to be enjoyable experience.
,Not Recommended,404680,35228833,Posted: 26 September,all,Anebriate,"As of the launch-day version, the game has crashed and I've locked myself into a room I can't escape due to a bug, losing, as far as I can tell, the entire save file.I spent most of my time running around aimlessly in circles for an hour because the abilities weren't automatically bound to my Xbox 360 controller, so I didn't realize I had them. Then, later, some abilities wouldn't bind at all--or I just didn't receive them, whichever the case, and I couldn't find a way to change the bindings.When things WERE actually working as intended, which was about 50% of the time, I found myself enjoying it, even though it was all sort of aimless guesswork and wandering without much in the way of clues or context.My problems with the things that function as intended (to say nothing of the bugs) are mostly as follows:- You can't change your trajectory mid-jump, which is a really lousy feature of realism to add to a fantasy/steampunk platformer- The abstractness of your non-objective combined with all the dead ends you can wander into occasionally made me wonder what I was doing with my time- Auto-death from jumping off a not-that-high ledge is also a bad feature in a platformerSomehow, despite all this, I was charmed enough by the world and found the combat elements fun enough that I still recommend trying it. Just, maybe wait a little bit for them to smooth out all the bumps.EDIT: After another playthrough, I reached the same spot and was still unable to progress to due to an errot where my character simply wasn't receiving the requisite ability. Lost over an hour to each attempt. Am giving up on the game for now, unfortunately, until it's fixed."
76561197965278899,Not Recommended,404680,35301835,Posted: 29 September,all,Clark Culver,It's a polished game. No fault to the art or programming departments. Everything there is very well done.But the shortcomings in the level and game design means you'll spend a lot of time wandering aimlessly trying to find where you're supposed to go next. There's no 'flow' to the game and far too much trial-and-error.If you no longer have the time to game 4 hours a day then you should give it a miss.
76561198205923877,Recommended,404680,35233376,Posted: 26 September,all,Top,It's pretty freaking great
,Recommended,404680,35244338,Posted: 27 September,all,GLORB1N,awwwwwwwwwwwwwwwesome
76561198091702333,Recommended,404680,35261120,Posted: 28 September,all,Warwolf,nice
,Not Recommended,404680,35368274,Posted: 1 October,all,hoohex,"its alright, but it has random frame drops a bunch, which is annoying.main game is a standard adventre of go to the place and climb the things and push the buttons. its nice looking but nothing new."
,Not Recommended,404680,35432099,Posted: 2 October,all,SLUGGER,"A word you will never hear when discribing Runic Games is ""Innovation"". This is basically Zelda. Yes, Runic rips off others ideas pretty well. I enjoyed Torchlight I & II. I think I will even enjoy this game if they can fix the problems with it that make it difficult to play. I don't mean difficult in the sense that it's hard. Some parts will have you scrching your head for a bit but it's not too challenging combat or puzzle wise. It's difficult becuse apparently they got some homeless guy in front of a gas station to test it. You'll find youself in the middle of combat and you'll be stuck behind a wall and you cannot see what's going on. You'll see icons scattered around the map but with no direction as to what they mean (mostly). When a dev makes a game that chooses to go with little to no voice or written directions, you could say that they are lazy. I do. I'm sure they would say they are being ""artistic"". None of this really matters because as of this writing they have not fixed the problems with people who are using Nvidia 10 series cards. Therefore, you will see massive framerate drops as the game goes on. One of the most popular cards on the market and you release a game not tested with it? Stay away fror now."
,Not Recommended,404680,35257028,Posted: 28 September,all,KAMINRIDER,"Now, Crash and I have computer spec high more than required and very low setting but I get very low fps. Hope patch fix this I'll be back to play next month and try to change review."
76561198016290420,Recommended,404680,35231523,Posted: 26 September,all,Binnes,‬‬‬‬‬‬‬‬‌‬‬‌‬‬‌⁪‬‬‌⁪
76561197996741665,Not Recommended,404680,35456397,Posted: 3 October,all,ScottyBoyProductions,"This is not a $20 Game! no dialogue, no narration no story. Visually a good looking game and fun to play. It crashes a lot and feels unfinished. I beat this in about 4 hours and had to use an exploit i found to reach the final boss as a path didnt clear the way i believe it was supposed to. I give this 2 out of 5 stars."
,Not Recommended,404680,35233057,Posted: 26 September,all,massive legend,"this game crashed randomly 5 times in 2 hours, even on a newer computer.."
76561198147852181,Not Recommended,404680,35251342,Posted: 27 September,all,Kiel_Gausson,"Given the magic that's literally this game's theme, I already can't recommend it. Wasn't intending on going over the 2hr. limit, but lo and behold I've lost my $50 EC to the dregs of time. [Why there isn't a rent option on Steam, I don't know.]Funnily enough, that's not the only issue that wants to make itself glaringly apparent. There is a lot of running back and forth in this game, as is expected, but it becomes glaringly annoying when you get to a point that's right in front of the thing you have to get to, looks like you can reasonably walk or jump to it, and then get your hopes, dreams, aspirations and patience (much of which has dwindled down from all the zigzagging nowhere) blocked off by and cast into the chaos that is invisible walls. Granted this would be rectified by the time you figure it out, giving you a sense of accomplishment. For me it's just continual annoyance at how much this game costs even at pre-order price.So when you figure out one confusingly area-wide puzzle. you are then faced with the next question: where the hobscat do I go now? The map only helps to an extent, probably for good reason. But then there's those other times when you get to a thing at the south of the screen that looks attainable from where you're standing, but can't.Which brings us to the elephant's flatulent infant: the camera. I know the whole point of the camera switching from top-down perspective to 3D is to get a gander at the scenery and even actually show you where the thing you're supposed to get to is, but:- the theme of the game already ruined the first for me to begin with.- after you go past this point, finish dealing with it and have to take the path back, you have to deal with it again. This isn't helped by the fact that even on the lowest settings, in open areas, even underwater at times, the game lags immensely. It also seems that the camera is actually an elephant when it does this as it struggles to actually keep up with you, and if you're running off to a cliff facing ground 3-4 blocks below you, tough luck.Combat's alright, but not as fleshed out as it could've been. The decision to make the moveset expandable through schematics well-hidden in areas seems like a good move....then you realize that some of these moves are just common sense to have on the get-go, and by the time you get them, you might actually be on your way to finishing the game: unless you're stuck dealing with the amazing question of where to go and what needs to be done to get a move on. Not to mention one of your abilities gets no love after its acquisition. You don't even get to use it on enemies unless they have certain things to target with it. Really? The one other legit power you get aside from your charge fist and you don't even try to flesh that out, Runic? I know the enemy variety is scarce but sheesh.All in all: don't buy this game. My own ""bias"" aside, you're more than likely to waste a bunch of minutes just trying to figure out where you have to go, then going to the same spot constantly before you get to how scarce the game feels on the ~action~ side of things. And when you do get to where the game ""gets good,"" your disappointment will be worsened by the fact that you can't get a refund.- A salty review written by a moron who went too far to get a refund."
76561197970943884,Not Recommended,404680,35250170,Posted: 27 September,all,Sir Moonblink,the game won't start. If you own a GTX 1070 Don't buy it. The game has issues with this card.... :(
,Not Recommended,404680,35407109,Posted: 1 October,all,S7.RainbowDash,"Not much combat and what we get out of it isn't very good, not very fluid and lackluster. Gets pretty boring and repetitive with a lot of the same environment and simple puzzles and platforming. Needed torchlight 3 or an actually interesting game to replace it, considering they make nice combat mechanics usually it's sad to see them waste it all on this."
76561198345330244,Not Recommended,404680,35240293,Posted: 27 September,all,Enslayve,"Insane frame drops on gtx 1070, game doesn't deserve a positive review until that's fixed or he devs state how to fix it ourselves."
,Not Recommended,404680,35229528,Posted: 26 September,all,Wreckagetv,At this time I cannot give it a proper review as the following happens:-Crashes every so often so unplayable.-Full screen windowed is not fullscreen windowed.Fix your bugs and I'll re-review.
,Not Recommended,404680,35361155,Posted: 30 September,all,hightechfool,"Overhyped, over-reliant on the visuals.  It's just a bunch of beautiful puzzles"
76561197980041853,Not Recommended,404680,35226958,Posted: 26 September,all,Maddi,"Problems with the game:* Fullscreen crashes on launch* Windowed fullscreen is not fullscreen* Game crashes 5 minutes into the game.* 2000 is calling and wants their menus backEdit: Supposedly two patches have fixed a lot of the crashes so far, I can't tell though since I've refunded the game."
,Recommended,404680,35246988,Posted: 27 September,all,Omega Von Doom,Feels like magic when you play. That's the first impression I got out of it.A well crafted and thought out adventure that rewards your time and exploration. Think Journey meets Hyper Light Drifter.Will update this after I've played some more.
76561198019226385,Recommended,404680,35261768,Posted: 28 September,all,Granger,"If you like adventure games this is a must own! This game is very well done and Runic has outdone themselves. The visual style is absolutly stunning and the game play is simple yet very effective. There is a ton of things to figure out, collect, and unlock. Having the ability to upgrade as you go and learn about the world and what has taken place.The story is very unique in that there is no dialog, but translated via the emotion and variance ""voices"". The sound is a very import cue in this game. At different points the mood of the sound as well as effects from doing things, portray what is going on. It's like story through emotion and sound.Again if you are looking for a high quality, well done adventure game, this game is it. It's more than worth the money that you spend on it. I'm surprised at how cheap the price is considering the amount of content that is in the game."
76561198094900086,Recommended,404680,35259929,Posted: 28 September,all,Captain Kurt,I've never actually writen a review for a game before but this game deserves a couple notes. Ive only played about 4 hours of it so far and if you want something fresh and magical then do yourself a favor and pick this up. The story line developes as you play and you get to bring the world to life. Absolute delight to sit and sink some time into.
,Recommended,404680,35267893,Posted: 28 September,all,HappyLittleRadishes,"**Bottom Line**: If you like Zelda or Bastion, you will enjoy this game.The story is as promised. No one says words at you, but there are things like creatures pointing or leading you in a particular direction at the very beginning just to get you to relevant tutorial plot points.Beyond that, Hob is a Zelda-like adventure puzzle platformer that pretty much never leads you by the hand. You are free to take as long as you want to find out where you have to go and what you have to do to progress.Gameplay progression is pretty simple and very familiar. Wander around, finding upgrades, which open up more parts of the (fairly large) map that you wander once again to find more upgradesIt's not a new formula, and it's not a particularly innovative take on what is probably one of the oldest game archetypes known to gamers. But it is a solid and enjoyable execution of a classic formula.The game is not incredibly keyboard friendly, which is fine since it says about 20 times before you get to play the thing that you should play it with a controller, but it isn't impossible without a controller, and can be adapted to without a tremendous amount of diffifulty.Graphically, this game is beautiful. It's artstyle and design is very similar to Bastion, which can be roughly summarized as ""technologically advanced ruins"". The environment is equal parts natural and gargantuan machine. These two elements are seamlessly, beautifully blended.There are some technical issues. The one that I imagine everyone will notice almost right away is that, regardless of your computer specs, you will encounter frequent FPS drops and stuttering. Nothing that crashes the game, but frequent and severe enough where you will wonder what exactly the game is doing to your computer.Overall, I give Hob a 4/5."
,Recommended,404680,35265206,Posted: 28 September,all,Zoey,Hob is a platformer of old but with a arty indie feel how to explain?Enviroment - 10/10Platforming - 7/10 (Monkey boy has a odd habit of grabbing and then fumbling)Movement - 9/10 (Fluid and fast and feel fine)Soundtrack - 8/10 (The sounds of the animals and wind is so peaceful and relaxing)Combat - 6.5/10 (Can be a bit boring at some times dodging and hitting only to have to move away)Final thoughts? Very peaceful very interesting and can be a bit slow at times but quite enjoyable if you like platformers and stories without words.P.S you can use a keyboard to play don't let the store page make ya not wanna get it Keyboard works just as fine as Controller.
76561198052314111,Recommended,404680,35232119,Posted: 26 September,all,Dario,"They fixed  the game crashing issues as soon as they could, so here we go:it's a cool adventure/platform game. It has absolutely no dialogues which in my opinion is a mistake but the graphics are very beautiful and the difficulty is just right.They say it's duration is a bit short but I think that if you bother gathering all the power ups you got plenty to do for it's price."
76561198182399626,Recommended,404680,35278082,Posted: 28 September,all,Flare,"This is one of the most visually stunning games of all time, i highly recommend this game."
76561197970028386,Recommended,404680,35251469,Posted: 27 September,all,Ficki Facki eins zwei drei,The true successor to Zelda : A Link to the Past. This game will be one of the biggest insider tips in 2k17.
76561198102792569,Recommended,404680,35253841,Posted: 27 September,all,trannphillip,"So far I am liking the game! ""Notice: A controller is strongly recommended to play this game."" is highly recommended in my opinion, I am using keyboard/mouse but I feel like the game would be more fun if I decided to add a controller to my PC, I am not sure if anyone else gets this, but I do feel a little bit of frame drops, could be my computer? Not sure, not finished with the game yet, but I am enjoying it so far, great adventure!Pros: Music is nice and relaxing.Atmosphere is awesome.Gives me a Torchlight II type of feel, makes me want to play Torchlight again when I play this game.Cons: Wish I had a controller!Little bit of FPS issues."
,Recommended,404680,35253693,Posted: 27 September,all,Mindhog,"Hob is a wonderful game with the old zelda feel to it. Top down gameplay with a blend of puzzles, platforming, and simple combat. All wrapped up in a nice artsy aesthetic reminiscent of Okami and Tearaway Unfolded. If you're looking for a chill vibe and a nice atmosphere, look no further. Just don't expect your hand to be held."
,Recommended,404680,35248543,Posted: 27 September,all,Donnobite,"After some small struggle with launching te game, it works now! And good.I'm still at the beginning but I really like this so far. The atmosphere is really good!"
,Recommended,404680,35249597,Posted: 27 September,all,Zawadersus,"I waited for it about half year and I'm a huge fan of Runic Games and of course Torchlight I&III recommend this game to everybody who loves adventure mixed with action and genius story, I've fanished it about 5 minutes ago and it's really worth Your while and money.9.5/10 Love it!"
76561198279931423,Recommended,404680,35249614,Posted: 27 September,all,geekytechgirl,"I'm loving it! i saw the trailer and i knew i had to get the game. I was not dissapointed, i'm not done, but honestly i don't want the tale to end, i love the graphics and the sounds, the music if wonderful. worth the 20 dollars. My game crashed unexpectedly once, but that was more my computer than the game itself. I recommend this game to anyone who is on the fence aobut it."
76561197970719391,Recommended,404680,35248796,Posted: 27 September,all,(UK) The Mawster,Excellent game. Did get lost a few times. Some of the transformations in the game are very impressive.
,Recommended,404680,35350837,Posted: 30 September,all,Squiddiqi,"With Bastion from Overwatch as your guide, and his arm in place of yours, go on a quest to save the world from purple corruption.This game is amazing. Runi has outdone itself. The art is beautiful. It gives you plenty of points where you could take some amazing screenshots for backgrounds and the ilk.Hob heavily rewards exploration, often times with amazing views of the world in addition to power ups and currency. I generally found myelf appreciating the views I found more than the resources.I'm only two hours in at the time of this review and I can't wait to see what else Hob has in store."
76561197970886599,Recommended,404680,35359948,Posted: 30 September,all,Snarke,"Dispite some hiccups with the moment to moment gameplay, I found Hob to be entertaining overall.By far the greatest achievement of this game is the environment. Some vistas brought back fond memories of PS2 era platformers like Jak and Daxter and Ratchet and Clank, and Runic put a lot of effort into this world. The art design and level design flow together to create areas that are a joy to discover and explore. I could ask for a bit more variety in tilesets, but the game did offer up one or two surprises, and the world turned out to be quite expansive.On a basic level, Hob is an platformer with some light combat and puzzles. You control a mysterious character exploring a bizarre clockwork world. The story presentation is reminiscent of games like Journey or Ico, as there is no (understandable) dialogue, though don't be expecting anything too deep. As you explore, you'll fight a few basic enemies, learn new abilities and combat techniques, and unlock new parts of the world. Its all great fun, if this is the kind of game you like.It is just a shame that the core gameplay mechanics of platforming and combat are not entirely as polished as I would like. You have the usual assortment of block puzzles, grapple points, climable surfaces and so forth, and most of the traversal is pretty simple. I was surprised occasionally by a clever secret, which would often lie in areas which required some thinking to reach.Unfortunately, the platforming suffers slightly because it is 3D movement with an isometric camera, so expect miss-judged jumps, odd angles and inconvenient perspectives to get in the way of your enjoyment. Sometimes I'd encounter bugs where I'd jump out of the geometry, with no way back but to kill myself. A particular section required me to blindly jump down a pit, after which I died several times for no clear reason. Then, once, it just worked, for no apparent reason either. These issues don't crop up too often, but really pull you out of the experience when they do.Sadly, the simplistic combat suffers from much the same issue. Its passable, but not great. You have dashes, stomps and charge attacks in addition to your standard sword swings, and can upgrade powers along the way, but it never quite clicked for me. Everything feels just a bit too sluggish. This isn't the super slick combat of something like Hyper Light Drifter. Too often I'd want to land a strike or blink out of the way of an attack and my character would just do nothing. The lock on feels useless, especially after I found out every enemy was weak to just running around them in circles and using sword dash.So it sounds like all I have are complaints, but the fact of the matter is I still enjoyed it. The issues with the camera perspective and the combat are not serious issues, as when these function as intended, they didn't get in the way of the fun.Overall I'd recommend this game because it scratches an itch for games we rarely get on PC. If you love exploring environments, collecting powerups, and just being in a gorgeous stylized world, I think you'd enjoy this game. It will surprise you in ways I don't really want to spoil. The game is longer than I expected, especially if you are looking to collect everything.The game came for me at just the right time, and I couldn't help but come back to it each night, and see the journey through to the end. For the price, I am willing to overlook its few flaws, and totally feel I got my money's worth."
,Recommended,404680,35357229,Posted: 30 September,all,nested_loops,"A great nod to old top down adventure games. Very enjoyable, felt like the Gameboy Legend of Zelda titles.THE GOOD:> Great game world that expands as you explore it> Unique art and enemies, always nice to look at> Decent character progression> Great sense of exploration and puzzles throughout the world> Just non-linear enough to make you feel like you're controlling the pace of the gameTHE BAD:> Combat is rather simple and default difficulty is not challenging> Some animations and interactions are not as quick or fliud as I would like> Some times platforming can be awkward based on the camera and/or terrainTHE UGLY:> Frame stuttering issues fairly often but I imagine this will be fixed in the near future> Rarely you might get stuck in the world, would love to see this polished out but they give you a respawn option in the SELECT menu.All in all it was worth my money. I had fun and the game kept me interested until the end."
76561197976733585,Recommended,404680,35318921,Posted: 29 September,all,Tex,"An engaging action-adventure puzzle-platformer that's worth the asking price. Though I had to deal with the occasional needless death due to camera issues and the various technical glitches during the first few days of launch, I was willing to overlook those issues and really appreciate what Runic games put together here.The art style is great and the ever-changing landscape is a work of art. The combat is basic but still fun. The puzzles were a bit on the easy side but were still satisfying to complete. Exploration was constantly rewarded, which I liked.I only wish the story was a bit more clear / fleshed out, but that's difficult to do with no dialog.Check this one out."
,Recommended,404680,35334092,Posted: 30 September,all,BombJack,"At its heart, this is a game of exploration. ""How can I get there?"" is a frequently asked question (at least by me). That might sound dull, but the design, mechanics and personality in this game want me to play it through to the end. There is some frustration when you think you have looked everywhere and can't find where to go, but it is worth persevering.The only thing I would say is that apparently there is a soundtrack. Who knew, because there is certainly not a lot of music playing while your exploring. Seems a bit of a waste to go to the effort of producing it only to make the music incidental at best.A solid 7/10, worth a buy and play"
76561198058851394,Recommended,404680,35376818,Posted: 1 October,all,Mary *fuckin* Poppins,"I'm a bit sad that Hob is a little bit of a bummer. The art style is amazing and the world building with only gestures and movements without lengthy cutscene exposition is refreshing. The sense of discovery and wonderment starts out on a highnote but a few hours in it starts to dimToo bad the platforming is wonky and the combat is bare bones at best.Runics new outing gets a solid ""meh""I still recommend a try as it has som fresh perspective, but only at a discount."
,Recommended,404680,35399124,Posted: 1 October,all,Rasak,"A couple of hours in, fantastic so far. Great music, sound, graphics and art design. Controls well even on keyboard, plays smoothly on my machine.GTX1080 owners, be aware the developers are working through launch/in-game crashing issues."
,Recommended,404680,35379384,Posted: 1 October,all,TheFunfighter,"Hob primarily combines Puzzle and Jump'n'Run elements into a game, that rewards the player with the satisfaction of seeing the world fall into place by your own hands. Watching entire biomes rearrange in creative ways is always a treat for the eyes.The Jump'n'Run passages are of average difficulty. Exploration is an underlying element of the game, where the player can explore the same areas multiple times and still find new things, as unlocking paths and abilities reveals additional parkour sections on different levels.The game convinces with beautiful scenery and interesting level design.Depending on the player, one can get 5-12 hours of playtime out of it.After the initial crashing issues were resolved, the game played smoothly.Controlling the character feels a little awkward at times, when using mouse and keyboard. Playing with controller is GREATLY recommended; otherwise navigating with rightclick instead of WASD eases it a bit for PC players."
,Recommended,404680,35379512,Posted: 1 October,all,Adipid,"I highly recommend this game, it has a Zelda feel to it! There is a lot to explore, lots of pathways to figure out - going back and forth, since you cannot change the camera angle. Not saying that that is a bad decision, but there was a handful of times when I wished I could change the angle just a little bit.The combat is fun, wished there was a bit more variety - but hey, it is fun! The graphics look amazing, really dig the artstyle - it ran almost as smooth as butter, was a few hickups and had one crash, but there is a lot of auto-saving in the game so that was so problem.If you like Zelda-type games or just exploring games in general, get this game!"
76561198015673101,Recommended,404680,35379534,Posted: 1 October,all,Icedragon,"Really good platformer with a bit of combat mixed in, think darksiders with less combat.Beautiful world design with loads of shortcuts and hidden objects.Flip a switch and suddenly you have a new level.Good quality game from the makers of Torchlight."
,Recommended,404680,35386491,Posted: 1 October,all,SpaceballOne,"Hob was a fun game and something new for me. The puzzle element of it is really what makes it fun, and for th ecompletionist in you, it'll give you something to hunt for. I would, however, strongly suggest using a controller. Because I didn't and had some difficulty with the movement that added time. The only ""flaw"" is that there's very little in the way of guidance, and I'm honestly still a little shady on what the storyline is about."
,Recommended,404680,35397296,Posted: 1 October,all,Disperze,beautiful relaxing game
76561198048132558,Recommended,404680,35373944,Posted: 1 October,all,Soup,"The Good:+ Simplistic but wonderful art direction.+ While puzzles are not necessarily elaborate, they are quite satisfying to solve as, more often than not, they tend to transform the world around you because of your efforts.+ The music and set pieces are very atmospheric. I found myself taking a screenshot for almost every vista I happened to find.+ Wordless narrative lets you imagine what happened in the world of Hob right to the very end.+ Combat is pretty straightforward at first, but obtaining upgrades allows for more creative tactics.The Bad:- Occasional frame drops in certain areas, even with good hardware, indicate the need for better optimization.- Graphical bugs are relatively minor and rare, but they still have the capacity to linger on in your mind as they are quite apparent, which may detract from the experience.- Lack of control over the camera can make combat and traversal a little frustrating at times, but it's nothing that will make you throw your keyboard or controller at the wall.Overall, as a game that seems to borrow a bit from The Legend of Zelda and (to a lesser extent) Metroid, it'll certainly keep you entertained and parhaps a little bit in awe. It's a solid 8/10 in my book, but if Runic Games takes the time to iron out the kinks, it will definitely bump up to an 8.5."
,Recommended,404680,35393621,Posted: 1 October,all,Retorrent,"Hob is a game that is a mix between Zelda and ICO, the world building is great looking, the main characters is charming and the over all flow of the game is well done. There is not much of a narrative on this game, no spoken dialoge or on screen text boxes but as the play you will get an idea of what is going on. There is just so much to like about that game and for the price I would give this game a thumbs up.As of right now there are a bit of problem in the frame rate department, the game will run at 150 FPS for me and then randomly dive down to 80 FPS. While normally this is not a big deal for me in this case its really notciable where you see on screen stutter. The devs are aware of the problem and have issued a few patches so I hope by the time anyone read this review it will be solved."
,Recommended,404680,35312605,Posted: 29 September,all,Larath #Sail,"I didn't really know what I expected going into Hob, I just saw it randomly on the new releases on steam and thought I had heard of the name from somewhere, it was an amazing experience, a few frame drops here and there, but the sheer beauty of the game and the amazing sense of exploration kept me going, would highly recommend for others, not a combat heavy game which is really nice for a change of pace for me personally."
,Recommended,404680,35353960,Posted: 30 September,all,JamesRiav,"Hob is an action/adventure game from the creators of Torchlight. This game succeeds in combining a beautiful art style with a mysterious environment. The story is delivered visually, without dialog, with some very memorable moments. Action feels good, but controls can feel a bit rigid at times, particularly while jumping or walking along a narrow platform. I did experience the occassional game crash, but the auto-save feature was incredibly forgiving. Overall, I was able to beat the game in a casual 10 hours on Normal difficulty, with a little bit of content remaining to explore and unlock. I also took way too many screenshots, as every corner of the game world seemed to be worth doing so.Overall, Runic Games have created a brilliant game worth every penny of $20. If you like games like Zelda or Metroid, you won't be disappointed with Hob. If you're still nervous about the cost, I would definitely recommend placing this title on your wish list for a sale, at the very least."
76561198248979646,Recommended,404680,35350030,Posted: 30 September,all,Bagel,"A great game, beautiful and over all well made. However the lack of story telling really makes it difficult to know whats going on. In a game with so many interesting things you would at least expect to know what you are really doing and what kind of place you are in."
76561198036624705,Recommended,404680,35352990,Posted: 30 September,all,Kharne,"tl; dr:Short, sometimes frustating, but totally worth it.So, yeah it´s kinda a Metroidvania mixed with some Zelda. It´s linear. You sometimes have to search a lot around little areas to find the right way. It has no voiceover or story. And there is an achievment for speedrunning it in under 5 hours...BUT: It´s been a long time since I had so much fun with a Metroidvania. It´s simply beautiful. It has so many ""wow"" moments. Every frustating situation rewards you afterwards. And after the 10 hours with idontknowhow many deaths and backtraking the map a few times it felt really good after finishing the game. It´s a game that doesn´t tell you how far your in, how much you still have to do or that the endboss wait´s around the corner, so the end is rather abrupt. But that´s the beauty - you don´t even know at first glance that there are different endings ;)So, I´m definitly investing a few more hours to find all the stuff hidden away and to get the masterkey :)"
76561198037327014,Recommended,404680,35349296,Posted: 30 September,all,SlowMadzz™ 5FDP™,This game is the funniest and the most liked game I ever played! The fun never ends it just comes up new fun things its pretty hard to find the solutions but thats the fun thing! I highly recommand this fantastic game! Its like Zelda but much funnier! I love this game so much! Really good job Runic!
,Recommended,404680,35389001,Posted: 1 October,all,LameDuck,"A charming and beautiful action adventure game, with issues that may severely test your patience. I suggest waiting for a major patch or sale, unless you are thirsting for an action adventure with platforming elements.It's a beautiful game with great creature design and a new take on a metroidvania-style world, where the world reshapes itself as you progress the story - unlocking new areas and collectibles as you play, as well as changing the geography of old areas. The dungeons often follow a similar theme, unlocking shortcuts or opening new paths as you solve puzzles. The downside to this is that it can sometimes be hard to navigate the world, as old paths are replaced or landmarks move. Sometimes you may wonder if you are even supposed to be able to traverse an area, or have yet to find the solution to an obscure puzzle.The enemy variety is pretty good, with different types of enemies that act in unique ways as well as variations that require the use of acquired abilities to defeat. Fights can vary between ridiculously easy to frustrating depending on the enemy combinations and environment, where enemies might kill each other before you even land a hit, or stand in a camera blind spot and make it extremely tedious to end the fight.As for the puzzle elements in the game.. They vary as well from extremely easy, to clever, all the way to obscure and frustrating. Sometimes they are basically ""find your way to the next switch"" or ""push the block"", other times it can be pure trial and error just to find out what you're supposed to do. Many of them also involve platforming elements, which opens up another can of worms, namely that the platforming elements are the weakest part of the game and by far the largest issue.This is a 3D platformer where the camera is fixed - often at uncomfortable angles - and you can't adjust your trajectory while jumping. Ledge-grabbing is not forgiving, which combined with the camera angles can make it very difficult to land certain jumps and results in you having to repeat sections multiple times until you manage to get across a series of narrow ledges. Sometimes it can be hard to tell if you're even supposed to be able to make a jump or not due to the fixed camera and main character failing to grab ledges repeatedly. To make it even worse some puzzles are timed and involves a series of jumps, which means that you can't even take your time to make sure you line up correctly. This is by far the most frustrating part of the game and if bad platforming has been an issue for you in the past, this may be a deal-breaker.To top this off the game has several bugs and issues. I have personally had a crash, several animation issues, texture issues and enemies attacking me from beneath the floor. Nothing severe enough to stop my progression, but it's yet another thing testing my patience.----------------As a quick summary:+ Great visual design+ Charming creature designs+ A very compelling world to explore+ Fun gameplay with variety- Awful platforming, and a lot of it- Wildly inconsistent puzzle design- A constant feeling of sluggishness to the character during platforming and combat- BugsIn the end I'm having fun and much of the game gives me a similar feeling to classic Zelda titles, but the game really makes me work through a lot of frustration for those moments. If you can deal with poor platforming this is a very good game for the price, otherwise I'd suggest holding off for a patch that fixes the issues. That or a sale."
76561198071717453,Recommended,404680,35231305,Posted: 26 September,all,Shark Mode: [ONLINE] OFFLINE®,"No hand holding, smooth fluid gameplay, excellent graphic appeal, character customization, puzzle platformer, hidden areas, an explorers and completionists dream. Very well done. One of the coolest games i've played in a long time.Cons: Running 1080P Full Screen every setting maxed, the game crashes/freezes every so often. I'm sure there will be a patch for this soon."
,Recommended,404680,35237681,Posted: 27 September,all,Shi,"This game is based on puzzle and mini-action.7.5/10 for me, because Hob lack game's guide,such as no word (I don't know what's next), no mini-map, and problem with some controls.But, art style, system, story are interesting.I highly recommend for players who need relax puzzle game with beautiful artwork."
,Recommended,404680,35234780,Posted: 26 September,all,they all float,This game is all around great. . . . . something about this music is deja vu........
,Recommended,404680,35234987,Posted: 26 September,all,Hexbrother,"Hob. is one of the best games of this year and I say that strong. It charmed me as the player, shock and excited me. Youcouldsay this islikeZelda. It's not. Its got its own stone mixed with steampunk vibe that makes the game ever changing and exciting what comes next. It tells narritive through gameplay. One of the best aspects of the game i think is to let theplayerplay the game thereisno tutorial in this game it doesnt hold your hand it makes you connect 2 and 2 together with unique flowing level design, that ""builds"" the player quite literally into the atmosphere. Solving puzzles getting upgrades. making you want to explore every nook and cranny just to be sure you didnt miss a blueprint or a major piece to your health or energy or gaunlet, etc. Hob is a great game headed in a good direction other devs should pick up on. Hob gets a 4 of 5 on my list.Pros-Great gameplayThrilling designGood captivating soundtrackDecent combatlienear but still explorativeCons-Choppy animationBuggy collisionBuggy game mechanicsSometimes Static character movmentAlso i did receive this game on release day but paid preoder sale price of 17$(some bugs might be fixed in future updates this is my intial review)"
,Recommended,404680,35234543,Posted: 26 September,all,rpool86,This is probably only the second review I've ever written. It's amazing. It's cheap. buy it. The map is cohesive like DS. The fighting is casual but will punish you if you're not patient. The scenery is gorgeous. The atmosphere is amazing and chill. And so far it appears there is pretty decent character progression in regards to skills and possibly appearance. 11/10
,Recommended,404680,35234827,Posted: 26 September,all,Juan Pablo Castillio,"Fan of runic and torchlight.I faintly rember seeing information on this game awhile back and it reminding me of Bastion, unfotunatly there is no narator. Its got great feels, good combat, and nice progression. Runic didnt let me down on this one. Great game 2 hours in and keeping this one. It has Ratchet and clank, and zelda feels.Had issues with the boot. Ran the launcer, Changed to 1080 issue solved."
,Recommended,404680,35235374,Posted: 26 September,all,Quelex (Ghosting),"Very fun old school Zelda-esque game. The character upgrades and skills are nice. The Controls feel good for the most part. The aesthetics are neat but it's not for everyone.The main downside with gameplay can be some performance issues in areas where a lot of stuff is going on as you run through. Hopefully Runic will fix that with patches. The camera is fixed and transitions awkardly at times. I did die a couple times when running and jumping through sections I'd already cleared only to have the camera mess with my movement and make my jump lead me off a cliff.The biggest downside to me personally is that there is literally one boss fight (which is optional). Sure there are some stronger enemies here and there, but none of them are required to defeat to progress. It really took away from the game from me because that was one of my favorite parts of those types of games.For others the lack of a storyline or clear character motivations will hurt your experience. If you look past that and just want to focus on the gameplay you'll be fine, but it's definitely something they could have improved upon.I would still recommend the game but it's probably something that is better to get on sale. The game is fun. It just has some issues that make it something a bit more niche. Which, if you found this to begin with might be what you're looking for."
76561198022918599,Recommended,404680,35405807,Posted: 1 October,all,jyafmc,je n'arrive pas a changer les commande pour le clavier
,Recommended,404680,35406458,Posted: 1 October,all,Kroden,"Hob is intriguing and beautiful.  The adventure story, though without dialog, is compelling and engaging.  It is full of puzzles that challenge the player, and I could not stay away from the game for long.  The amount of play time I had was well worth the day-1 purchase cost."
76561198156545932,Recommended,404680,35422827,Posted: 2 October,all,Underoos,it keeps on crashing before the game launches. tried several options on graphics still same result. disapointing i was enjoying the first hour of the game. if resolved recommended.
,Recommended,404680,35414311,Posted: 2 October,all,AlekswithaK,Excellent callback to older adventure games.  More of a Zelda game than BotW.  Definite shades of Link to the Past and Ico.  Interesting art direction and atomsphere.  Recommended if you want a game that's relatively relaxing to play and will pique your curiosity / satiate your thirst for discovery.
76561198087953574,Recommended,404680,35240241,Posted: 27 September,all,Sean Hur,"Finished all the stories for about 22 hours, it is the most unique stylish, magnificent and spectacle game that I've ever played so far.......22시간 만에 스토리는 끝냈지만 지금까지 한 게임 중에 가장 멋지고 웅장하며 매우 독특한 게임입니다..."
,Recommended,404680,35287304,Posted: 29 September,all,asper454,I very much enjoyed it!
,Recommended,404680,35313497,Posted: 29 September,all,Mark Mavel,"So I am about 4 hours into the game and the gameplay is great! I feel like there are room for improvements though. In the beginning nothing is explained, I understand they want to tell a non-verbal story but in order to tell a non verbal story you really need to up the sounds in the game to give contextual cues. Visual cues alone won't key a player into understanding, and this is where Hob runs into trouble.There is also really no soundtrack to the game. It's just ambience which is a sad excuse for a soundtrack. This game has so much character and it could be brought to life through music, but it is just stagnant in that respect.I'm enjoying this game quite a bit, it's weird how much I am enjoying it compared to how many flaws I see in it. The combat is smooth and the upgrades are nice. Finding sword fragments is difficult and almost impossible if you don't catch on that you are suppose to be upgrading your sword. The ability to earn money should come more from killing monsters than opening hidden boxes. There isn't enough reward in killing things in my opinion.I hope the devs listen and up their sound game, improve on the audio, and give more visual cues to objectives in the game. I wish if there was a fragemtn nearby for a sword that is reachable with my current armaments that there would be a signal that I could reach it. A lot of the game is inaccessible until you have certain upgrades but you would never know that because the game is all switches and levers to pull things into place. It is just confusing.Good job, this game fills a hole in the genre but I wish it did it more elequently.Great for the price!"
76561198006696752,Recommended,404680,35427172,Posted: 2 October,all,Knife70,"A great little gem infused with a mix of forgiving platform, nice combat, very good puzzling phases.The graphics, and the animations are beautifully hypnotic.The only weak spot I found is the adventure story.   Since nobody in the game speaks, it is weak, and it is missing of almost any intriguing detail.  Up to now, there is no reason to play it a second time.Anyway an enjoyable experience (7.5/10). ;)"
76561198046286678,Recommended,404680,35442803,Posted: 3 October,all,cfeltham01,Great game. Clever puzzles that just seem to flow. Very reasonably priced. Hope to see more like this. I don't like button mashing or extremely difficult puzzles. This game is not intense. It is enjoyable to play with clever puzzles.
,Recommended,404680,35442458,Posted: 3 October,all,KurosPassions.,great game but i hadd to get it on ps4 becuase pc verison is pretty broken framrate is bad and sounds alll messed up there needs to be optimization big time still il give it a 9/10 its a mix of dark souls ish with crazy fun puzzles and art work is great
76561198035867607,Recommended,404680,35433636,Posted: 2 October,all,Remi,Great game except for when you get stuck and have to restart the game. This happened to me during the part with the spider-like platform needed to cross elecricity. I ended up having to close the game before hitting a fast travel point and when I loaded in I was on the wrong side of the of the electric floor with no way to get around it.
76561198313549894,Recommended,404680,35431816,Posted: 2 October,all,hearwade,"what a fun game! pretty artwork, complex interactions of enviroment and a fun story with a cute avatar.!puzzles are really nice and the whole changing world approach makes for good platforming without the usual impossible fences or odd method of blocking your progress.fighting is good, several basic attacks and supers give a good mix of styles against a number of enemy types which do give a challenge.Overall I find this game without flaw.I suspect my only complaint will be I want to play more.I found torchlight2( same developers) a fun complex rpg game despite my dislike of the mouse clicking. The same level of thought (or more) gives HOB a deep complex gameplay missing in so many new games and it is a clear extension of the great work by the Devs at Runic.I think this team should be considered one of the best in the business and I hope they keep up the good work!Get this game!!!!!!!!10/10....!!!!!!!!!"
,Recommended,404680,35437371,Posted: 2 October,all,Pork-Slice,"A beautiful top down platform puzzle hackn’slash adventure. Artfully executed and overflowing with charm and character, it’s a world I lost an hour and a half to on accident on my first sit-down.Sound design is top notchPuzzles are fun and freshThe world is well crafted and cohesive.Characters are, as stated, charming and full of life.Verdict- Worth Every Penny"
76561197960802466,Recommended,404680,35431558,Posted: 2 October,all,Egoops,"This is easily the most intriguing game I have played in a long while, the puzzles are challenging without being frustrating (most of the time), and the game play is fun and exciting. I would buy this game five times over just to hear the soundtrack merging with the gameplay. It has its share of bugs, but so far the team at Runic has been on top of them and the gameplay has improved since launch. Possibly he best thing about his game, However, is the graphics. If i was to try to compare them to anything I would say they were like Borderlands, Dark cloud and Bastion had a three way love child. I think I might come home on occasion and just climb up to a viewpoint and chill. The vistas in the game are truly beautiful, and I think the best I have seen in a game for a long time. Anyone who is waffling on buying this game should take the plunge, it is truly awesome."
76561197983993852,Recommended,404680,35476413,Posted: 4 October,all,Shizato,"I enjoyed playing this game. The combat is very simple and can be monotonous; however, focus of the game isn't combat and its more on the exploration and the puzzle solving. The game does have some bugs that I hope get fixed soon. Overrall, fun short game."
76561197998924512,Recommended,404680,35477131,Posted: 4 October,all,The Goblin Warband,"Really enjoyed this game. It's simple, fluid and relaxing. The graphics and art style are really neat and I enjoyed all the characters throughout the game. Runic Games did a great job for their first step away from the arpg genre."
76561198111474510,Recommended,404680,35393749,Posted: 1 October,all,AllegedDiddler,"Hob is really a delightful game with many puzzles to solve that can leave you stumped for a quite a bit. Perfectly fine for those who don't mind being confused by a game every now and then but everything is definitley solveable. But the glorious thing about these puzzles is, is that you can go somewhere else to fill your time. Definitely not immediately is everything able to be solved due to needing power ups and ability upgrades. Which is also a nice feature to be able to upgrade your character, which will push you to find all the small hidden paths to get currency, hp and energy. They really are delightful and fulfilling to find once you have finally figured out how to get to some things that are in sight but unreachable at certain points. If you enjoy back tracking to certain areas after pushing further and further in the game, to solve certain things you couldn't before then you will like Hob, this game has plenty of that. There is a story here, but there is 0 dialogue and you have to watch everything as it happens around you to learn what exactly the story is about. It's not hard to grasp but you may miss some things if you are not paying attention. The game has enough to thrive on through just gameplay if you're not interested in the story.Pros:- Puzzle solving is fulfilling- Atmosphere/Art- Upgrading abilities and Character- Secrets to find- Platforming is great to figure out and becomes more interesting with the introduction of some power-ups (adds to the puzzle solving aspect)- Controls are fluidCons:- Enemy mechanics get stale- Camera is unadjustable which may lead to (many) deaths from the platformingPros/Cons:- Do not get if you are easily frustrated by not being able to figure out what to do next. This game does not hold your hand. It definitely gives you a push in the right direction but will not help you plainly figure out what/where to do/go next.TL;DR If you are looking for a game that has story and you don't mind no dialogue with great gameplay and puzzle solving that will not hold your hand then this is the game for you."
76561198252167064,Recommended,404680,35458477,Posted: 3 October,all,domigejmer,"I was waiting for this title for so long, And I am very happy with it. I just love how you have to discover everything, game does not tell you anything. Great work Runic Games! After Torchlight series, I knew I will not be dissapointed."
,Recommended,404680,35460436,Posted: 3 October,all,BootyFungus,"In my top 5 of the best games to grace the surface of this planet, recommend 110%"
,Recommended,404680,35455388,Posted: 3 October,all,Zain,"Absolutely recommend this game. Lovely art style, lots of content, nice gameplay, very nice and smooth animations. Also really cute."
76561198149358118,Recommended,404680,35449499,Posted: 3 October,all,ProfeszMate [HUN] hellcase.com,Good game :D
,Recommended,404680,35451236,Posted: 3 October,all,IX,"From the simple blades of grass and the way they move around Hob to the ancient ruins with their now dormant collosal gaurdians, the world of Hob combines hulking machinary with flora and fauna to create a beautiful and magical world.The main path and its goals are laid out with clever design cues incorporated into an art style that I wasn't sure about at first but which by the end of the game I now adore, if you're lost or stuck you're simply not paying attention, many of the worlds secrets are locked away and require careful observation and exploration. Mention has to be made of the way some of the contraptions and the world itself move and come together, there was clearly a lot of thought and love put into this game by the developers.While it's not without it's flaws (in the 15 hours I've spent so far I've experienced one invisible enemy and one crash to desktop) this is a must buy if you even remotely enjoy any sort of platformer/exploration type game."
76561198004531217,Recommended,404680,35453759,Posted: 3 October,all,xorfroff,"Pretty fun, ""God of war"":ish gameplay wise. Well polished and simple."
76561197992059881,Recommended,404680,35489240,Posted: 5 October,all,Matthew,"Hob is like Zelda, but with no words and crazy terrain motion. The art style is beautiful, the environments varied, and the gameplay relaxing. The limited combat feels smooth, and the weapon upgrades make a difference. I enjoyed Hob and have recommended it to friends.The biggest challenge with Hob is platforming. Even after the credits, I frequently die to easy jumps because I misjudge the angle and completely miss a narrow landing. The grapling hook is the worst offender: Hob rarely jumps in the direction I expect when releasing."
76561197960554559,Recommended,404680,35436003,Posted: 2 October,all,Xenoshi,What a great game! The right amount of complexity and ease of game play reminds me a lot of Zelda old school days. Controls are ok can be a tad bit better but not horrible by any means (controller recommended)
,Recommended,404680,35436482,Posted: 2 October,all,unsignedlong,"Reminded me of Hyper Light Drifter but with Torchlight graphics.Anyways, hours of fun and beautiful world.Absolutely recommended!"
,Recommended,404680,35467964,Posted: 4 October,all,Prinz Kasper,"The game itself is fantastic but unfortunately it currently suffers from a few technical issues, most prominently extreme framedrops whenever a new zone of the world is loading (I've seen my framerate drop from 160 to 20...)So I suggest waiting for patches and buying the game when it's fixed."
,Recommended,404680,35459522,Posted: 3 October,all,G O D  H A R V E S T,HIGHLY suggest picking this up. One of the most facinating worlds ive played in.I'd say sometimes its hard to indicate where youre gonna land when jumping but other then that this is up for GOTY for me
76561198042219693,Recommended,404680,35477881,Posted: 4 October,all,L.orD,"H O B :D - 8,5 / 10!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! :) :) :D :D"
,Recommended,404680,35508066,Posted: 5 October,all,Lupa,Scenery is absolutely stunning and the no dialoge is charming though it makes it a bit harder to understand what to do.
