user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Not Recommended,405000,32993777,Posted: 29 June,all,Salient Simon,"It's a pretty good ""roguelite"" shooter in terms of design, gameplay and presentation.It's a bit slower paced than most other shooters and enemy variety is based on equipment and enemy size.Their behaviour does not vary at all, which isn't necessarily a bad thing.The nemesis system implementation is kinda fun.But I gotta mention the cons.This game is seriously lacking content.I'm gonna go through a list just to make the point clear:There seems to be only 1 unlockable character and not that different anyway.There's no difficulty selection.No music, just dark, dreary ambient sound in the background.I've already unlocked all perks, there's not that many and they don't change that much anyway.There's not a whole lot of mutations and again, they're not that exciting, but they do help quite a bit.While I like the selection of weapons, I just end up picking mostly the same stuff everytime and there's not that many.The game is almost completely linear and all 3 areas are corridors and tend to look the same.WHERE'S THE UNLOCKABLES?! This is probably its biggest sin. I feel done already. Just thinking about playing this again bores me.An example on how dull this game ends up feeling:Completing a run is just super unsatisfying. You beat a boss (it's no Isaac's mom) and then that's it.A text box pops up and you're done... yay?Remember how awesome and triumphant it felt to complete Binding of Isaac only to realize that there are many other ways to beat the game and with different bosses.This game just falls flat on its face and farts in your face with its bare a$$ staring at you.The gamepad controls are very strange. In this game you move fast if you aim in the direction you're moving, this makes sense for M+KB.But the controls have clearly not been properly adjusted for gamepads.You have to constantly be aiming with the right stick. Letting go off it just leaves the aim where you last had it instead of the left stick overriding the right stick if the right stick is in a neutral position so that you can move fast without having to aiming all the freaking time.Navigating menus is a pain with the gamepad as well. The cursor just never goes where it should.Do not pay full price for this. In fact, comparing this to Relic Hunters Zero (a totally free roguelike shooter) and the lack of content becomes really embarrasing. Go play that instead, it's a lot better.Again, this really isn't bad, just kinda pointless as a roguelike for the price you pay."
,Recommended,405000,22858628,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Fishsticks,"And the purple blood flowed like wine...Utopia 9 comes out of nowhere and adds itself to the list of alltime great twinstick shooters available on Steam.  Ranking right up there with the newly released rogue twinsticks - Enter the Gungeon and Neon Chrome - Utopia 9 has a certian charm that makes it feel unique.  The shooting mechanics feel very solid and are quite satisfying as aliens pop with a gory purple delight.  Add in multiple firearms, melee weapons, mutations, a martian theme, and stylish graphics for the cherry on top.  I'm really diggin it so far.  Another interesting addition becomes hunting down the aliens that have killed your fellow tourists and exacting revenge.  It's tough though because not only do th e aliens use fallen tourists weapons but they also become more powerful and heavily armored with each tourist they kill.  IMO Utopia is only lacking  an endless horde mode set in an open arena.  I believe an arena mode is currently being considered by the devs so one can only hope!  A+ title."
76561198082845456,Recommended,405000,22834627,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Billy O,"Nice game.  I enjoyed this more than Forced Showdown and Enter the Gungeon.  Not sure why, but it controls well and I like the mechanic where the enemy that kills you gets your old weapons and becomes a boss enemy.  Give it a try for yourself, it's inexpensive and worth a play."
76561198061750921,Recommended,405000,31992538,Posted: 27 May,all,DeadMan_Playing,"Seriously, why isn't this game more popular ? It has a great visual style, a very good gameplay that has managed to strike a perfect balance between tactic and mindless slaughter, it has a lot of weapons, and since you can dual-wield every one-handed weapons, there's many, many combo to try !I love the big splatters of pinkish blood, and the impact of weapons, whether melee, explosive, shotgun-like, laser-like or regulars feels very satisfying. You're not just hiting sprites in a videogame, you can really feel them exploding to bits ... it just feels great, i dunno.And like i said, it's not a game of mindless slaughter ... entirely. As the game progresses, you have to get better and devellop strategies, either for trapping enemies in a choke hold or near explosive stuff, or to find the best combo of weapon that allows you to deal with every situation.You're not just blasting mutated tourists, you're thinking, too. It's ... a smart kind of slaughter. If you just go in and blast everything, you will die fast. It's not the hardest isaac-like, but it's not easy.Ah ! And there's this thing called Nemesises. Nemesiss. Nemeses. Nemesis plural. See when you die, the ex-tourist, now mutated psycho-monster who killed you, takes your stuff, and gets a MASSIVE boost of strenght and possibly, self-confidence, turning him into a ... Nemesis ! STAAAAAARS ! (it don't say Staaaaars. i'm just emotionnaly scarred by RE3)And The next tourist you play is gonna have to deal with it. It's fun. It turns a game over into something fun. How many games managed to achieve that, huh ?It's. a. good. Game !! It's smart, it's violent, sound design is great, it has local cool if you happen to have non-digital friends, it's just a good game ! Buy it ! And then publish a review here so it gets more sells because it ♥♥♥♥in deserve it !Maybe it doesn't have enough mutations though ... (passives you get for leveling) Wish there was at least a dozen more ... I don't know, companions, satellites, this kind of thing. But it's a minor gripe really.Thanks for reading. I'm french, doing my best with english. Hope it's alright."
76561198000299477,Recommended,405000,29768872,Posted: 7 February,all,Fifty,"If you enjoy Gungeon, Nuclear Throne, or Binding of Isaac this hits many of the same bulletpoints but adds ""Couch Co-op Friendly"" to the mix, along with a unique inventory, and a mutation system that allows you to do downright stupid builds.Control is smooth on both keyboard and gamepad, Weapons feel impactful and different, the ragdolling corpses ond debris add to the chaos as your wrench sends a foe skipping across the road splatting bits of him as he slams off of walls and dumpsters. A well placed grenade sends a gaggle of enemies haplessly twirling through the air showering drops soylent and gore. Its got a kitschy retro-futurist vibe going for it too which adds a further layer of absurdity to the action.The weapon variety is strong,  with even two weapons of the same class being totally different. A 4-slot weapon inventory system makes loadouts particularly interesting as you can dual wield any two 1-slot single handed weapons or just lug around 2 2-slot heavy weapons. Painting the alleyways and streets with twin powerfists is pretty hilarious, then again so is dropping a wall of lead with a flak pistol and doublebarreled revolver. You also have slots for different types of wearable armor and an active item slot for various thowable weapons. The item pool is just big enough for particular goodies to be rare, while small enough that nothing is chaff.Mutations and Creams mix it up further and allow you to ""build"" a run and pursue synergies rather than reactively coping with whatever comes along. Like Nuclear throne, you are given three choices each level up, allowing you to add effects to weapon classes, gain passive/active abilities, or cause new kinds of stuff to drop. Creams are buffs you choose at the outset of runs to slant your hapless vacationeer into certain playstyles, each coming with a powerful buff, but also one or two fairly serious backdraws right out of the gate.Co-op tends to be where other watershed games of this type typically end up wanting, here it's a primary focus.The action while frantic,is much easier to read than its contemporaries, pickups are shared, chests give off more loot per player and it's fairly hard to lose track of your character amid all the explosions particles and gore."
76561198086466970,Recommended,405000,28963101,Posted: 2 January,all,Spicy Grandma,This is such a hidden gem. I'm having so much fun discovering new weapon combinations and strategies. This has the potential to  be one of the top rogue-like games out there. Please keep updating this game!
76561198262181175,Recommended,405000,19416453,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,HelpImAHuman,"This game really has a lot going for it. It features some stunning yet cute graphics and some very addictive gameplay.It sort of reminds me of Captain Keen meets Diablo, only with ragdoll physics, sick weapons and some great sound effects. One minute you're shooting easy dudes with your pistol, the next you're hammering away at a mini-boss with some crazy laser cannon. Then you're out of ammo and have to beat it with your suitcase. There is also some interesting customisation options with the mutation system. Basically you're turning into an ammo-grabbing juggernaut.Oh, and did I mention. It's very VERY challenging. You start out in a short intro-level and you think ""I got this."" But wait, because you don't. Somehow even with the most high-powered weapons and body armour these mutants always get me. That's why I like to stun them one by one, just to feel like I'm pawning them for a change.If you didn't already, you will definitely want to buy this must-have gem of a game. If this is early access I can't even imagine what the full release will be like. I didn't beat it yet, but I'm sure gonna keep trying!"
,Recommended,405000,26350865,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Dr Shit,"Bought it at $6 while on sale. 100% worth it.BIGGEST REASON YOU SHOULD TRY: The difficulty is SO PERFECTLY TUNED. Its only too hard when you're careless and only too easy if you're very lucky.Second biggest pro: The game works without fault. From bugs to gameplay. Consistent and easy to use.Third Biggest Pro: CO-OP that works!I Spent 8 hours of SOLID fun before I finally had beaten every aspect of the game.Not a single gripe other than they obviously have all their systems set up, yet there aren't more ""mutations"" and Weapons to use. That being said If they release any DLC (I would be surprised of they dont) it will be a DAY 1 purchase.There is so much they can pull from this concept, I really hope they keep adding to the game and take it from being just being great to top 3 games of the year (for me)...8.5/10If you like twin-stick shooters: Buy it.If you like Binding Of Isaac: Buy it.If you like Enter the Gungeon: Buy it.If you like a ridiculous pretense for mass slaughter: Buy it."
76561198169311898,Recommended,405000,19138118,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,The Fragnostic,"After a lovely touch where you wriggle free of the green stasis goo that fills your crashed ship, UTOPIA 9 immediately stands up as a no-nonsense isometric blaster that has, at this stage at least, very few frills. There's a handful of weapons and shields to loot and an upgrade tree masquerading as a series of mutations, neither of which are exactly uncommon for the genre.After clearing the arrival area of suitcase-wielding purple mutants, you'll find eight stages laid out in front of you, although due to the game utilising a branching path system, you'll only tackle four per playthrough. Be warned, this is not exactly the game that the vibrant graphics sell it as; the lack of health and ammo early on make the opening couple of stages an unforgiving experience that only gets worse if you die, as Utopia 9 dumps you back at the beginning minus your weapons and upgrades, as well as spawning a new welcome party of enemies to jump you before you've even climbed out of your ship.The game gets a lot easier and more enjoyable later on once you acquire more devastating weaponry and there's a nice little quirk where the mutant that killed you gets your gear and mutations, transforming it into a hulking war beast that you must face if you pass through the area again. In this Early Access stage, there's not a massive amount of criticism I can really level at it. It works as a shooter but there needs to be a lot more to the stages than linear roads and a handful of accessible buildings for this to truly stand out.Full review in the video below.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4f1lzedHOTs"
76561197992229015,Not Recommended,405000,32739471,Posted: 24 June,all,Dire,"Edit: Maybe Multiplayer is more enjoyment, but I doubt you'll play that for a longer time either.This is a tricky one. On the one hand I quite enjoyed my 1 hour with it...on the other I also have no inclination to continue playing after 1 hour, so that's why this review has to be negative. I could even be ""demanding"" a refund now, but since the game isn't really bad, it would feel kind of ♥♥♥♥♥♥ to do so. A demo would have been nice, however.Alright, my experience: I was about to enter the last level of the game on my 2nd try when I lost about 40 health to a shot gunner in melee, despite shooting first (I'm Han Solo after all!), so that is when my glorious run sadly ended...and glorious it was. I had a shotgun, which almost one shots every enemy in close combat (2 shots for armor wearing guys) and a plasma pistol, which was mutated (more on that later) to be chargeable, which could penetrate several enemies in line. I also had a shield and a moderate amount of life left. Everything was going well, but eh...too bad.Now to the premise of the game: It's a twin stick shooter with apparently a lot of different weapons (I found like 10 so far out of 50 or so in the game, though I wonder what else there could be...certainly enemies didn't have any other weapons, apart from some form of grenade launcher). In any case, you're rogue-liking your way through about 8 levels to beat the game, collect weapons, ammo, armor and health. You can carry 4 small weapons or 2 big ones at any given time and swap between them (dual wield or 1 big weapon). Ammo is scarce, health even more so. You kill enemies, collect their ""essence"" and thus gain mutations after a while. These are all randomly chosen, but you can pick 1 out of 3 each time and they can be mighty boons. So far so good.But the game has its problems. For one it is very slow. This goes for movement and shooting. Hazarding a guess I'd say getting hit by enemy bullets if you're at least somewhat competent shouldn't really happen all that often after a few runs. So the question is where's the challenge...and there is none. As long as you have ammo and play a bit safe/know how to aim, you should beat the game or at least make it to the final boss. If you DO die, you will lose ALL your progress up to that point and the enemy who has killed you will pick up your stuff and ""evolve"" to become a mini-boss. You can then choose to advance to that mini-boss in your next run and try to kill him to get all your stuff back if you want to. WHY you would want to do that is a mystery to me, because unlike other enemies the mini-boss is actually really tough and will possibly cost you more health and ammo than your pickups are worth. There are also weapons in the game that sound great in theory but are horrible in the game. One example is the minigun, which has a really high rate of fire compared to other guns (dah), but only 200 ammo, which means you will have fun using that weapon for about 30 seconds before you can discard it again, because you will NEVER get enough ammo back to ever use it again. The single shot weapons are just way more ammo effective and deal almost as much damage if you know how to aim.So, final verdict: Utopia 9 has some nice ideas and the game isn't terrible, but it's also not something you need to pick up imho. I got it during the summer sale for 4 bucks, so ok, a beer would provide me as much entertainment for just as long for the same price. Pass, unless deeply discounted and you're itching for a twin stick rogue-like (although playing this with controller seems rather moronic...)"
76561197972266460,Not Recommended,405000,31831470,Posted: 18 May,all,Twosday,"This is a game with alot of potential that I feel was held back by design decisions.In practice it's a rogue-lite twin-stick shooter. The idea is you start off weak and progress down a series of maps, with randomized points of interest along the way. You get little hints as to what you can expect to find down a certain path, so if you are in desperate need of armor you can keep your eye on the map and look for a path to get you to more armor.This is great in setup and concept! But the actual gameplay is...lacking. Movement is very slow, weapons are very weak and borderline useless, and health and ammo pickups are unbelievably scarce. After beating the game once I played a couple more times and lost interest just due to how weak you constantly feel. Every run is super slow and you are always wishing you were stronger.It's an OK game. I don't think its bad, but nor do I think it's good. There are better choices in the genre to play first, maybe check this one out if it's on sale."
76561198083704215,Recommended,405000,22908508,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,dubstepdeejay,"Great indie effort.  Has the charm of Magicka, difficulty of Nuclear Throne, and graphic style in a class all by itself."
,Recommended,405000,33431966,Posted: 10 July,all,KUBLAI,"Absolutely fantastic game, can't understand why it's not one of the most popular out there for playing with mates. Super fun on the couch together, and the gameplay is far deeper than you might initially think. The buffs are just fantastic, and the graphics and sound are top notch.As for couch co-op experiences, for us this is up there with Dungeon Defenders 1. Very high praise in our opinion.We've beaten this twice, playing through again --just as much fun. The game is balanced perfectly. 9.5/10 :)"
,Recommended,405000,34035771,Posted: 5 August,all,Dr. Rockso M.D.,"Most fun I've had playing a co-op game in a very long time. The co-op revive ability is great!You will die, but it will be due to the fact that you are fresh meat. You will learn from your deaths, get better drops, develop strategies based on the random items you collect (though you do have some choice in which types of items you pursue, as you progress through the stages). It will be worth playing over again, as the drops and combinations keep things fresh. Not a particularly big fan of 'rogue' games myself - due to the fact that many developers do not understand how to do perma-death well - but the deaths feel deserved & fair in this game. The unlocks (or variety of possible random weapons/utilities drops) you do acquire bring variety and ramp up in power, making the game easier, also a bit harder and interesting (with the 'nemesis' system) - and death is ultimately not a fruitless end, vain attempt and waste of time, but an opportunity to try something different. It is recommended to check out the 'codex' in-game for more info on item drops.Also, try dual-wielding chainsaws :)It's a simple game - the mechanics are straight-forward (item drops and mutations) and you pick up things as you go along - and though it is simple, it is also very fun. This game does a few things, but they are done well.P.S.Tourists #13 & #14 sent me."
,Recommended,405000,33857669,Posted: 28 July,all,Kodiak-Rush,"A great little rogue-like full of charm, fun and purple blood splatters. I had a awesome time with this game, so man destructive weapons to find and enjoy.I recommend this one, but it sure is tough."
,Recommended,405000,20125392,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Eighty Eighty,"UTOPIA 9,When I got this game, I had no expectations, no knowledge or anything about the game. I just dug right into it.It's something special. I mean, it looks like many other games of the same genre. But this in particular has some unique rogue-like features to it, that I most certainly love.The game itself is easy to learn, and quickly you will play it once or twice a day, just because you want to clear the place where you died.I won't spoil anything, since I think you should learn for yourself.I deffinetely recommend buying this."
,Recommended,405000,22517773,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,::Maethendias::,"so far, so tasty.i always love games that just love to f*** you up, and this game knows how to do it.You hate it to die in games? no worrys, we will throw a miniboss your way everytime you die, which just stole all your equiptment from your dead body.You hate it to loose all progress after every defeat? Too bad for you bro, cause thats what happens everytime.You dont like enemies that can hit you no matter what? Welp, better go back to your mama, cause this game knows how to be challenging.Sure its early access, sure, there will obviously be more weapon variety in the future, but so far, this game is a good one for those who seek a game that isnt a casualfest"
76561198131535646,Recommended,405000,30000013,Posted: 17 February,all,Wolf of Dresden,"Very enjoyable twin-stick shooter.  I would say a controller is mandatory because evading enemy fire is more important than accuracy, even if ammunition is sometimes tight.  Once you know the game well, it takes about 40-60 minutes to do a full run and there are a number of mutators which can be put in place to very the experience (for example, steroids that increase carrying capacity but decrease stealth).  The enemies come in a limited variety of types (normal, bigger, biggest), but they carry all the weapons in the game and use them reasonably intelligently - their A.I. also gives them a range of behaviors (sometimes they will even flee to find friends).When your character is killed, an enemy will pick up his gear and acquire a name - you will then be able to defeat that foe on a future run to recover your lost loot.  This and other small touches (such as retaining the crashed hulks of previous tourist ships) lend the game the feeling of a semi-persistent environment, even if the core principles (kill mutants, find better gear, submit a complaint to the office) remain the same from one run to the next.There are 40 or so weapons, ranging from the humble pistol and swung suitcase up to FPS staples like railguns and chainsaws.  Your character has four slots for weapons and big guns use two slots, but have both a primary and secondary fire, giving you some choice in how to use them.  Overall, I thought the guns were satisfying to use and sounded effective, so no complaints there.Performance wise, I thought the game looked decent, with plenty of purple mutant blood sprayed everywhere after intense fights and generally bright and upbeat graphics.  I didn't experience any frame rate drops or crashes."
,Not Recommended,405000,35275482,Posted: 28 September,all,Rin D. Pryde,"Sadly, developers totally abandoned this game without fixing most of the bugs."
,Recommended,405000,25591577,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Patty,"Amazing game! The Co-op is really where it struck home for me, great way to kill a few hours with a friend. They are realeasing awesome updates consistantly and I can't wait to see how to game changes over the next few months."
76561197960329999,Recommended,405000,19606689,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,KaR0X.pD,"this game needs the basic volume controls!!!!!!!!!!! (this is something that they will probably fix, but i'm kinda dissapointed that they havent already)"
,Recommended,405000,22816651,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Notbazzaro135,"So far I am loving this game! Super smooth the AI is good they keep moving and use objects as cover. I look forward to trying co-op sadly local if they add online coop this would be even more amazing.The whole system of when you die a enemy picks up your gear and becomes a boss is super neat. The small details are nice as when you respawn you land in a rocket and your old rockets are still at the start, just neat little things like that.Here is a video to see the game.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zkLNgo0mkWs"
,Recommended,405000,24194929,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Saint Iny (pc died),"This game is very unforgiving, so if you like that you should definitely try this game out. Enemies become minibosses (Or something like that) when you die, so that makes a bigger problem when you want to go down the same path. My terrible laptop can run this decently well, being an Intel HP, and I am definetly going to play this when I get a desktop again."
76561198071650967,Recommended,405000,28026263,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Po-ta-toe,"Cool rouge like game, it's funn and has a cartoon style that will kepp you hook."
76561198017063239,Recommended,405000,24735645,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,SealfaceSexton,It is a fun game.
,Recommended,405000,20534672,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,JokersWild,"I am going to go ahead and recommend this.  Have not played it overly long, but it is fun and I had no problems at any point.  I would say the only thing I would like to see added would be a continue feature.  I went rhough about 3-4 areas and had to take off for a bit, came back and had to start over again.  No biggie, would just be nice.  Awesome job otherwise."
,Recommended,405000,22911741,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,[HK]Jack,"8/10Pros1. Nice enemy Dead effect , Splash of blood , satisfying and stress releasing.2. Random Generated Level , Surprise and replayability.3. Variety of items, weapons and customization . Different types of enemies and bosses."
,Not Recommended,405000,25703207,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Acidicjew,"I enjoyed this game, but now what? Finished it with both unlockable characters.Am I blind? Is there another character? Another game mode?Not nearly enough variety for replayability. Its also a little slow for a shooter. The nemsis system is lackluster replacment for decent (and varied) boss battles.It was fun while it lasted and it was inexpensive, but I would stick with the awesomely varied and difficult Nuclear Throne, or the now classic Binding of Isaac.  There is no itch that this game scratches that isn't scratched better by another game."
,Recommended,405000,27360079,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,AgreedSA,"I didn't stick with this game as long as I had hoped I might, but the premise is enjoyable and the gameplay is really satisfying, especially melee weapons. And you get some fun stuff to play with, too. I do recommend it, as a very mechanically tight and enjoyable twin stick shooter with a good melee angle and solid jump / dodge mechanics as well. Longest replays, well, not for me, but I feel I 100% got my money's worth and think you'll probably like it too, if you like twin stick shooters."
,Recommended,405000,31247008,Posted: 19 April,all,Haylex,"Well well, this game is done really nicely but...I know i sound like a noon and maybe u guys think i don't know how to play but trust me, the game gets very hard at early stage for someone who is totally new to this kinda of game.If you like Binding of isaac, or Enter the Gungeon you will love it. Like i do :]"
76561198068649758,Recommended,405000,31911656,Posted: 22 May,all,xQUB3Dx,"I love the pacing of this twin-stick and having control of the weapon variety and easy swapping makes for a smooth experience.   Controller is a must IMO. (as with an properly designed twin-stick)  The art-style and minimal approach to the story is great as well.I'll be back for much more, I just wonder when I'll get sick of replaying and start pitchforking for more content.  I really love this game.Hours played at time of review: 4"
,Recommended,405000,35090585,Posted: 20 September,all,sevos,Add some more characters and mutations! That would make it perfect.
76561197998217277,Recommended,405000,34611735,Posted: 30 August,all,ZEN UK,Criminally under-rated rogue-like indie title. Definitely worth picking up whilst it's on sale!Painfully missing online multiplayer :-(
