user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Not Recommended,405370,26181499,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,Digit,"why you SHOULD get it;Great Graphics for its priceReally cool and unique idea, being able to hack mechs etcSets a great atmosphere around you during the stormwhy you SHOULD NOT get it;Fairly short gameplayNot as much survival as it is adventure (there isn't hunger)There isn't much free roaming, you travel across islands and most of the time you will end up following the questsThere isn't an actual tutorial (this isn't that big of a deal as the quests will eventually teach you how everything works)I want the devs to at least see this partThis didn't bother me much (Dark Souls Fanatic) but I know other people will struggle with thisIf you save at an Ionizer even after destroying all the mechs around it, when you respawn or load your save the mechs will respawn too. Oh did I mention they respawn RIGHT NEXT TO YOU READY TO ATTACK[My Thoughts]I love the Designs of the mechs, the idea of hacking into them is really cool and reminds me of an old game named Metal Arms. What brought it down for me is that there isn't really a survival aspect, it felt more like I was playing a story based RPG instead of a free roaming survival game. There isn't much replay capability. This game probably would have gotten to top sellers if it stayed in early access more to add new things.Once again I love the concept of this game"
76561198067694748,Recommended,405370,26157193,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,Literally GodGod,"This game is incredible. I picked it up expecting it to be like one of the countless other ""survive alone on abandoned planet"" games that are usually pretty bad, but the concept of all of the planetary life being replaced with robots seemed cool to me. I got into the game and after having some difficulty trying to figure out how to actually select the hacking tool was absolutely dragged in. I played my 6.3 hour run in one sitting and was completely enthralled the whole time. The game starts off mysterious, scary, and isolating as you are completely alone (aside from the little scanner drone thing that you fix right at the start), and surrounded by a horrible storm. After defeating my first of the robots and hacking it, i was no longer alone and felt like i could take on the world. Unforunately for me i didn't know how the much larger,much stronger ""boss"" robots worked yet and lost my first companion. It was shattering to lose the only other ally i had after spending so many looted fragments on upgrades. I moved on and found another robot to bring with me and eventually found more and more untill i had amassed a small army of animal themed killing robots. I would love to say that this game is an experience game like Journey for the ps3, but they can't really be compared like that. This game is more like an experience with pretty solid gameplay to back it up. It certaintly isn't the hardest game (especially towards the end) so long as you play smart, but the whole time i played i was absolutely immersed in this wonderful game. Would absolutely recommend to anyone that enjoys survival games themed like this, or just to anyone looking for an experience you can play."
,Not Recommended,405370,26208968,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,dwarrowly,"I desparately wanted to like this game. I am sad to say that it has returned my attention with bugs, awful UI, deeply flawed combat, and a generally unfinished experience. While it's great that this game left early access, I really think it should go back.I have unfortunately sunk three of my evenings into this and I don't see any returns coming.I can live with bugs. But the UI is an eyesore, and the combat just doesn't work. The way the enemies attack feels like it ought to be hand-to-hand; the typical feline canon fodder attack in masses, so fighting them with a gun causes all kinds of disorienting camera shifts.The mechanic of switching guns to hack the mechas and changing ammo completely throws off any kind of combat rhythm that might have existed. The crafting system is very shallow, as is the story.When I saw the gorgeous graphics and initial positive reviews, I was hooked and impulse bought it. But be warned, this is not a finished product and is still full of crippling issues."
76561198017968111,Not Recommended,405370,29474250,Posted: 24 January,all,Lunarscribe,"Sky Break by Farsky Interactive is a farcry from an openworld survival game. I have to admit, I loved the artwork, and the idea behind it. Man against machine. against nature; now that would have been a survial game! Unfortunately what was seen in early development was completely scraped for the sake of simplicity. I understand the K.I.S.S. motto; however Farsky oversimplified so much that they lost their driving theme. This was supposed to be a hostile world, where the storms raged, the oxygen was thin, and every mecha was out for blood. Before launch you had to fight the gatherer mecha for precious resources to upgrade your sky base. All of that natural conflict, and personal customization gone! Now it's more like a romp in the wilderness to pick flowers with your wee woodland friends.That said we move on to the story, or lack thereof. The overarching storyline, if one could call it that was reaching at best. It wanted so badly to be a compelling and epic tale of heroism. Save the entire human race. Unfortunately here again Farsky took K.I.S.S. literally. The story was so simple, so unengaging that your left running around this new world wondering why should you bother to save humanity anyway? You have food, the storms aren't that much of a pain thanks to the plethora of ionizing rods littered around the map; and hey if you ever get lonely just go out and hack yourself a new friend.The coup de gras for this game came in the form of the hover mech. In prelauch this was your only friend, and salvation on a completly hostile and unforgiving planet. It has now become the game's achilles heel. Before the oversimplification you needed that mech to scan and tell you where to find the next station before your oxygen ran out. Now it serves as a laser pointer marking a straight line from point A to B, making game play nearly linear with only the random spawn of mobs and the limited inventory system to skew the challenge curve.Overall Sky Break is a beautiful world full of wonderfully rendered and imaginitive creatures; but there is where the positives end. Nearly linear gameplay, mixed with an oversimplification of previous mechanics, and a completely underwhelming story line leaves this player scratching his head. Farsky, you made Alchemy work! You had survival gold, and amazingly turned it into lead.Marks: Artwork 10 out of 10, Gameplay 5 out of 10, Story 2 out of 10"
,Not Recommended,405370,26367938,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,BinarySplit,"Sky Break does so many things right, it's easy to be tricked into thinking there's depth to the game. The graphics are great, the story sounds interesting, there's shooting and pets and crafting and skills to level up and exploration and a sky fortress... but none of these things really extend beyond their superficial appearance.To elaborate on each of those points:Story:There's 8 journals, 2 screenshot & text-based cutscenes, and a few lines of monologue from the character. That's approximately 20 paragraphs of story total.Shooting:The shooting is alright to begin with, but you only get the one weapon & several advanced ammo types that have to be crafted. It starts to feel repetitive after 10 minutes.Pets:You can hack downed enemies and keep them as pets. You can even spend points to increase their stats! (though it doesn't feel like the stats do much) The AI pathfinding is awful though, and most of the time the pets will be stuck on something and unable to fight for you, or just unwilling to fight because they can't see the enemy.Crafting:All but one crafted item is a boring old consumable - ammo, health, etc. The one non-boring item lets youmine crystals to increase the size of your pet army up to 4 slots. I was hoping for a tech tree like Subnautica, but what I got was just several variations on ""Plant + Mucus = Ammo""Skills:More inventory space is nice in the beginning, but about half way through the game there was nothing else worth spending points onExploration:Scan environment, identify nearest unknown waypoint, run in that direction for 5 minutes, activate the waypoint, repeat for 5 hours.Sky Fortress:This really feels like a missed opportunity - it could convey story through distress calls or emails, itcould have a zoo of all the Mechas and plant species you collected, but there's hardly any of that. It's mostly just a chest to dump items in, a free healing station and a station to take you between islands.Graphics:The graphics are actually quite nice. The environmental detail gets quite repetitive, but that wouldn't be as obvious if there was enough substance to the gameplay to distract from it.Overall, it was 1 hour of fun, 4 hours of grind, and an unsatisfying ending. I'm not unhappy with the game, just disappointed that it didn't live up to its potential."
,Recommended,405370,19856407,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Hariwulf,"Wow. I did I short run and I'm amazed by the quality of this product.The game is unique and beautiful, so much that I'd like to touch it...I'd like to touch every surface inside this world.It is clearly a work of love. And what's most important, the Developers are present and actively listen the community; I have seen myself some of my suggestion implemented, and this even before I purchased this product.The art style, the effects, the immersion...are wonderful, and the software runs nice and smooth even in its alpha state.Join us in this stormy world, because this is truly one of the few offers that ennoble the concept of Early Access."
,Not Recommended,405370,26167878,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Morde'Kai,"I really wanted to like this game. It's gorgeous, it's thoughtful, but it is also tedious. There are so many small things that make the game annoying and frustrating, that the big things is does well become overshadowed.PROS:- Graphics are outstanding for a $15 game. The world is just somewhere that I would want to be, the storms look nice, and the mechs all look cool. There are many different areas to explore - each with its own atmosphere.- Gameplay is intuative and the ability to hack mechs to fight with you is awesome. You can also use fragments from the mechs you destroy to upgrade the mechs you hack.- Different ammo types allow you to do increased damage or heal your mechs on the fly.- Your drone assistant provides you with directional data to target areas. Granted your map does the same thing, it's still pretty neat.CONS:- The Storm. The main feature of the game is this looming storm that reduces the shields of mechs, then knocks out your radar (Which is needed to find your ship and ionizers to clear the storm), and finally produces lightning that deals heavy damage to you if hit. It makes the game feel like its on a timer, and ionizers cost resources that you need for ammo and health. I just want to explore...- Crystals are used to unlock the ability to hack multiple mechs at once. However, getting crystals requires that you get certain parts from specific mechs to build an excavator to mine the crystals. The mechs that drop these parts are much rarer than the Feline mech that spawns everywhere. In the second area - before you even encounter all the mechs to build the excavator - you begin to face mechs in packs. which will quickly destroy your one mech, and you soon after. I would have like to have at least two mechs before this area. If only I was given an excavator as a tutorial item for my first crystal...- Mechs are fragile and stupid. Each mech has a number of shields that cause the mech to stagger when each is broken, leaving them vulnerable to attack. During storms, the first one or two are canceled out. Once a shield is broken, it does not come back, and health can only be restored with health ammo that you get latter in the game. The biggest annoyance is that if your mech is destroyed, you cannot recover it. Unlike the wild mechs that you can just hack and reboot, your mech does not have a second chance. I just want the ability to recover it if it falls in combat so that all of my fragments that I spent don't go wasted.- AI for the mechs - or at least the Feline - is dumb. They just run around while looking for a target and often get stuck on trees or face the wrong direction in combat. Most of the time they do what you would expect, but sometimes the results are enraging.- The interface and controls are weird and glitchy - which is not acceptable for a ""final"" version of the game. Sometimes boxes don't load the cursor or buttons - so you can see inside, but do nothing with it. The inventory is meshed with the crafting menu, making it hard to read. Simple features like cursor sensitivity for gamepad users are not included and preset to overly sensitive.OVERALL:I would not consider this a finished game, but for what there is it is good. Not great. There is potential if some minor things are changed. 6/10 - will probably still play on occasion."
,Not Recommended,405370,30923734,Posted: 3 April,all,Tunamoto,"I want to like this game I really do but it's only FOUR FREAKING HOURS!It's not even the same game that they had trailers out for.""Sky Break is an open-world game on a stormy abandoned planet filled with wild mechas""wild mechas? yes.open world? no.storm that gets more dangeros the longer you ignore it? yeah.I can NOT recomend this game until they make it longer and more exciting. the end was utter disapointment as well."
,Recommended,405370,26154735,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,MR.EDM,a 1/3 of the price.a 1/3 of the size.and triple the pc performance optimization.Better than No Man's Sky
76561198070294713,Not Recommended,405370,30549652,Posted: 16 March,all,Chief Tafoya,"The game has a lot of potential, it really does. What little time I spent on it was really fun until I essentially had nothing left to do. Yeah, you need to find parts to fix your spacecraft and go home, but there's no motivation. You aren't particularly MOTIVATED to do anything, really.Like I said, there is so much potential, but the devs gave up on it. They finished the product and decided to abandon it."
76561198002908043,Recommended,405370,31001533,Posted: 7 April,all,volcanon,"This is a fun game, but it feels unfinished. Like there should be lots of little extras that make it a more complete experience.Pros+Polished graphics.+Smooth gameplay.+Fun to explore varied landscapes.+Ever present threat of the storm adds a feeling of anxiety about ranging too far from your latest base.Cons (or possible improvements)-Shallow difficulty curve: once you have a couple of medium buff mechas the challenge is pretty much gone.-Only one difficulty setting.-No Achievements: once you have completed the game there is no impetus to go back and max out stats, tame one of every mecha or just find everything.-Story and voice acting: you could easily expand and deepen the story that is revealed through logbooks. Some voice acting would give this an extra dimension and make us feel more connected to the player character too.-Add some secret areas (e.g. that can only be accessed by riding a particular mecha).-Add some more (unique?) boss mechas to be defeated for special items.-Make the 'find the cure' quest harder. I managed to get the cure without even realising I was doing it.-Make it possible to obtain the ship booster engine sooner. You get it right near the end, but as there is nothing driving you to go back and find other things you do not end up using the land anywhere ability it provides.I know that is a lot of ""Cons"", but I would still recommend this game for what you do get, I just think it could be a whole lot more than it is."
76561198048628640,Recommended,405370,23547089,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,Lelouch,"I feel really mixed about this game, and while I am refunding it myself (most likely), I will still recommend it to others, and here's why, broken down into a list of Pros and Cons:PROS:-Seemingly huge open world-You can hack mechas and make them your pets for combat, along with upgrading their strength, abilities, and passive-The environmental weather hazards put a nice twist on the game as you're exploring-You start with your ship, which is your main base of operations, also where you upgrade your characters' stats-Pretty solid graphics for a game of this type, not AAA, but still good imo-The concept of the game is solid, I love the idea of an open-world, pet training and collective RPGish game-The devs have pushed out updates continuously over the course of months, which surprises me greatly.  There's only 36 reviews at the time of writing this, which probably means maybe over 200 copies sold.  The devs have stood their ground and devoted their time to this project, even with such a tiny following.  As much as I like games like this, I've never heard of this one, or found it on Steam until now.  Even the reviews are outdated which is why I'm writing one.CONS:-The gathering and crafting system seems pretty unfinished, and super basic.  You walk up to resources and grab them, which in turn gives you progress towards unlocking other craftable items, but there's only 10 or so things to craft.-Doesn't seem like you can customize your gear or armor at all, which sort of takes away from the RPG aspect.  You can only put points into your character to upgrade their stats, and there's only 5-6 upgrades to chose from.  No talents, no skills, nothing.-The storage chest in your ship is broken.  You tell it to place 1 item in the chest and it deposits them all anyway.-The grammar on the main page may or may not detract people from the game.  It's quite possible that English isn't the devs first language, but you can tell he's at least trying.  Hiring someone or getting a friend to rewrite the main page so the English doesn't sound broken may help attract people.-Switching weapons/tools is annoying.  You can't just scroll with your mouse, you have to press Q which pauses the game, select your item from a UI, then unpause the game and continue with what you're doing.(may or may not be a con for some people but)-This game is not multiplayer, as of this build.  It's 100% solo.  I was under the impression it was a multiplayer game, but it's not, so keep that in mind when considering a purchase.OVERALL:  The game isn't bad, and like I said in the beginning, I will recommend it to others, it's just not for me.  But kudos to the devs for sticking with their game, even with no publicity and a small following.6/10"
,Recommended,405370,18756110,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Infern,"The backstory of the game is ""You are the last hero, who can save your planet from total destruction caused by a disease. So you need to explore the terrain to find the cure""At this moment in time I've explored a large chunk of the map.The only gameplay that exists is a limited crafting system (which you collect from the terrain and robots)To upgrade your character you aquire ""Chips"" these permanently upgrade your character using ""slots"".The start of the game is interesting... until you learn the only things that exist are ""1 ship per island"", X batteries per island for the beacon. Endless respawning robots. Nodes that respawn over a limited amount of time.The games asthetics are amazing... just at this current time.This isn't a game that lasts over a couple of hours.Though i give them respect for the game mechanics... just that the game needs more substance.Only buy the game if you want to support the developers make something special.Beyond that don't buy the game if you are expecting a complete game.Treat this like you are ""Kickstarting"" the game :PUpdate: With the recent release of the PERMANENT storm (ugh...) the game has become more of a task to play. In the past the storm was something that would pass over after a small amount of time.Sure it adds to the challenge, but it makes the game a lesser shell of what it once was."
76561198154294792,Recommended,405370,24902850,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,infinite eagle,"This is a beautiful game with a gorgeous color pallete and overall art direction. The flora and fauna/robots are unique, and it has a charm that actually kind of pulls at my lil heart strings. The drone that assists you in finding landmarks is... unfairly cute, seriously, it blinks and sometimes it crashes into things making a cloud of sparks. I love the little clunker. Also, the main character has a really cool design as well! It's kind of adorable how they immediately and automatically go into sneak mode the second you step in a bit of shrubbery. Like.... buddy, that's freaking adorable, but those three plants aren't exactly hiding you.The best part of this game is simply exploring a beautiful landscape, you're just running along with your robot cat buddy, maybe harvesting a few plants on your way, zapping a few hostile mechas with your laser gun, enjoying the beautifulll string orchestral music, and then in the very next second, your map is blurred into pixels and now you and your cat are outrunning a tornado - now accompanied with some tense, but still beautiful, orchestral music. It contrasts so wonderfully with the serenity of your little home base and the fact that you can peacefully look at the freaking galaxy from above the clouds. The crafting is pretty straightforward and dying is... actually a little challenging, I only died once, and because I fell off a cliff.Overall, it is a beautiful game with gorgeous art and atmosphere, wonderful music, and a nice little crafting/survival mechanic. Additionally, it's pretty easy to play using a controller or keyboard+mouse!It's obviously still budding, some of the animation is a little clunky and clipping, the music sometimes has an awkward pause before looping again, the english is slightly broken in some dialogue, the permanent storm can become very tedious without air ionizers, and a better tutorial could be implemented. Additionally, sometimes your mecha will teleport to a cliff that is above you. This is because your mecha is automatically hostile any rogue mecha within a certain distance of your character - however, it seems that it only registers distance horizontally, not necessarily vertically. Which can be annoying because you might not have time to revive a mecha if it falls down during battle due to you having to find a path up this cliff, and thus your scientist consequently risks running into hordes of unreasonably angry felines without their upgraded ostrich!However the developers are very active with the community and with new updates, so I have confidence that there are bigger better things coming up. Even in its current state, I am still having a lot of fun. Support this game and give it a try! For the price, it's totally worth it!"
,Not Recommended,405370,26167491,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Starsprout,"While the visuals are gorgeous and unique, Sky Break simply does not have enough things to do. It is a tedious grind of collecting things and pushing a button. There is barely a story, no incentive to do anything other than increase you and your mecha stats. The crafting system is as barebones as can be and the controls are unintuitive.Sky Break is a skinner box of a game that offers nothing but interesting visuals that do not make up for its lack of features."
,Not Recommended,405370,26172494,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Barbershop Cortez,"They claim this game is a finished product, in reality it feels like a game still in early access. It seems like they didn't ""finish"" this game so much as they just ""stopped making it"""
,Recommended,405370,26199880,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Effects of Silence,"I beat the game in 5 hours without rushing. That's how long it took taking my time!That being said, I have to admit that it was a pretty fun 5 hours and it's really unfortunate that this game isn't longer. The concept, design and gameplay are fantastic. There's just not enough content at all. I think that $15 is a bit of a stretch as far as pricing goes but I don't feel cheated as it was a lot of fun. I wouldn't suggest spending more than $10 but if you can get it on sale I'd say go for it."
76561198007659692,Recommended,405370,26185906,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,NihilistMERC,"This is a great little indie game and part of the reason why I prefer Steam over PSN and Xbox live. The game has 'distant future' sci fi aesthetics and survival gameplay put together in a satisfying mix. It has a 'Dark Souls' style open world progression system and performs very well on my Asus laptop. I understand many of the criticisms of the game, saying it should be longer, I echo that. However, from an independant developer this game seems to be quite an achievement. Since Microsoft shut down the indie games section on Xbox live, Steam has become the best way to access these types of games. I highly recommend this game and the developers should be supported because they will likely be the future of the industry."
,Not Recommended,405370,26170493,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Svartsjö,"still feels like early accessthe price point isnt bad and neither is the game. but it's unfinished, clunky, and not fun. I really feel like people are praising this game because they're trying to stick it to the no man's sky devs - considering how many people keep comparing the two gamesthis game isn't finished."
76561197982881963,Recommended,405370,26083492,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Razter,Nice looking game.Good music.Gameplay is ok.Needs some work and polish. Biggest downside is it's very light on content. There are 4 islands total and you dont even need to do the 4th island to finish the game. It took me about 8 hours to finish.Overall I'd probably give this about a 6.5 / 10
,Recommended,405370,26432548,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Yo' Grillin'?,"In my first hour, I crash landed on Arcania, what appears to be a destination planet for a team of forerunner researchers.In n oparticular order:What was good:> Graphics are good while being very low-intensive.> Elements of lone survival with the company of a mecha and drone.> Smooth UI that has the grounds for a very intelligent display.> Something different has been done with the way you move about the environment that I find interesting.> the experience, on the whole, is a good one.What needs work:> The game still feels Early Access, with limited animations, clipping, and the frequent but not play-disturbing glitches (such as mecha spawning in a tree, or your drone flying through a wall)> Optimisation - frames drop considerably when in weather-high areas, looking up/down, or in certain locations.Audio is very good but can be a tad repeditive, just a tad, with some sounds.> mouse movement has no acceleration/decelleration in different modes, IE, when aimed.> a tiny note, but one that I love to see - camera doesn't move out of the way when aimed in tight areas, so you have to guess through character model.> Thin - doesn't seem to be much depth to crafting, pets, or weaponry - at all. I haven't played enough to know for sure, but it seems, by other reviews, to be the biggest problem with this ""open world"" title.> Perhaps my one biggest gripe is the lack of a save without a beacon. I found myself sent from second location back to the first, five minutes in, when I first saved - perhaps aworkingbeacon next to every skyfortress station would make saving a regular routine and hence save a 50 minute reset upon death.Conclusion/TL;DR:This game is good. Thumbs up. It's simple, and should run quite nicely on low end machines. It's not going to win any awards for best 3rd person/open world/survival of the year, but it's certainly not going to be a waste of $14.99. It's cute, intriguing, and a fresh look at space survival games (something that appears to be suddenly exploding lately). The game's glitches are small and don't ruin the experience, and it's god the foundations for a true AAA worthy game. That said, it still feels Early Access, with some cllipping here and there, some odd bugs and funny moments that you wouldn't expect in a finished game.I believe that there is only a small amount of work needed to change this game from feeling early access and into a true gem of a game. It feels, to me, a lot like what No Man's Sky should, and perhaps could, have been - at least in the groundplay side of things.~Sdogga Man~"
,Recommended,405370,31827100,Posted: 18 May,all,⎛Ƈувєя☣Ɠø𝐓♅⎞,"This must be the most sincere low budget game I've played on Steam so far, why this is laying out in the neutral scoring scapes me. Meaning no bullshot made me impressed nor overstated descriptions, but people complain when it is the other way around.Here is a WYSIWYG case. There is no voice acting and plot is kinda simple but it works. Nothing special but creativity flows, specially in hacking and puzzles but gun combat lives the sameness. It's just a game, it does what it does, gameplay. Entertainment, killing time. Also, learn the thing about gaming: if there is immersion, the game is alive. It's also a relief at the same time, it means you can create  games, assuming you got the juice even if it isn't enough and make a run for it in such a place as this.The problem is that good ideas have already been taken so how to manuever? For some this might not be enough, so I'll be just advising those to look away if not, because you need to consider all this to have fun. Some can't, too busy with the obvious.Creativity is not AAA graphics dependable. Sci-fi has this thing to boost imagination and this game really does it in an interesting way, specially above the skies. For the devs, I'll say they're on the right track."
,Recommended,405370,28607125,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,naomha,"So far, from what little of it I have played, it's a solid little gem. For $15 you really can't go wrong. It's solid, plays well, has some nice maps, graphics are solid, gameplay is pretty simple yet straighforward and surprisingly well executed. Even the UI is very small but extremely handy.A few things about the game I've garnered from some posts and my own gameplay. They seem to have ""nerfed"" the amount of ammo you can hold. This is NOT helpful when you're dealing with mechas that want to rip you apart. There's also an auto-discovery for crafting mats. Meaning, you craft something so much and all of a sudden you learn a new crafting mat. That's ok. Not ideal, but, just ok. The game also paces itself extremely fast. Meaning, to find the ""cure"" you may find yourself halfway through the mission to do so but completely unprepared for what comes next. The game doesn't guide you in taking your time. It just says, ""do this"", ""do that"", and while you're ""doing that"" you're getting your a$$ handed to you because you haven't slowed down to learn or get what you need to. While I love games that don't hold your hand, this become problematic in so much as that the game seems to be slightly rushing you to do something you really DON'T need to do yet.All in all, a little gem in the greater scope of things. If you 1. Take your time and 2. Don't follow the in-game missions exactly when it tells you to you'll be good to go. LEARN THE MATS!!! That takes time. You will NOT be able to handle bigger mechs when you see them. You just won't. You'll get your♥♥♥♥♥♥handed to you and then you'll realize, ""I should have listened to that guy's post...""."
76561197976332278,Not Recommended,405370,23624232,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Espilonarge,"I was interested in this game after seeing a number of videos over the past year but only got around to playing it the past few days. What I've found is that reaching the end of the supposed 4.0 contents is a game that's been stripped of a lot of content that had interested me, including the modular space station (something I wanted).The main problem comes from the lack not of contents but rather, the lack of ""reason"" to keep exploring the islands, collect resources or currently replay value. There's not much choice in gear upgrades (your weapon or suit) and there's only 4 mechas (pet robot-animals) to kill/tame. There's no caves to delve, no bases to build, not even an ""investigation"" in to the reason you're suddenly stranded on the planet (other then the small ""vague"" story).I guess I was looking forward to more of a Subnautica-esc game but felt like it was just another generic and bland shooter in the end.Unless they plan to add more features, contents and a reason to keep exploring, I would have to give this game a ""NO"" until there is more substance to this game. It's still an Early Access game but I feel that it really needs to be fleshed out more to warrant a better review."
76561198019790450,Not Recommended,405370,26210520,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Zoinks!,"TLDR: I love this game, not enough in the game to buy it, seem unfinishedDon’t get me wrong I love this game. I fell in love form the first few moments. The world proved to be immersive colourful playful. The first few moments of the game are the best part, you’re getting to feel your way around the world, finding out limits wondering what you can find and make. You feel that you are on an alien world due to the fantastic character and world design. However, about an hour or two in it falls in to the trap of being repetitive (now to me this is not a turn off I bought this game for this exact reason, I love the grind and exploration aspects, I’m just warning you if you’re not into that). Soon I found that the blatant lack of depth in the crafting system smacking me across the face (I’ll explain later). I thought to myself I’m willing to look past this. I found that I soon forgot about it as soon as i discovered a new island with a totally different biome and animals to fight and capture. But this faded quickly and my problem with the crafting emerged again. There is no need to craft anything past the extractor, I never found myself crafting anything past the first special ammo. Let’s skip forward to the last island. it was to the end of this game is where I got mad, I bought this game thinking  it was complete as it recently came out of early access. Yet so much of it seemed... lacking, there was too much that seemed small and that needed expansion including the game length. It is because I cannot recommend this game. Because as much as i loved those small six hours I don’t think it’s worth it. If you want this game then wait, either for a sale or for the developers to expand on what is currently there."
,Recommended,405370,28451977,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Fat Shibe UwU,"Not gonna lie, this was really fun until I hit the ending. Today I plan on fixing up stuff and upgrading and doing every little thing I can do to justify my purchase, without my ship. Personally, I enjoyed this game a massive deal. It's lack of info and way of teaching us the world's properties is interesting and fun, especially at the beginning when you feel physically weaker around massive groups, and ammo is scarce because you have no clue what you're doing. I advise going without the ship once you get it, even if you want to. It's meant to be played in a hardcore style where you never know what's going to happen.That being said, it needs a modding community, more stuff to do (side missions etc.), and more creatures. Please add more creatures. I'm in love with my lizard and bird :P"
,Recommended,405370,23658714,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,ggjazzpotato,"It took me about 11 hours to complete the 4.0 version of the game, so don't expect to play a skyrim clone, this game is more so about objective completetion, than a sandbox. The world is actually rather vivid and the music is enjoyably calming as you explore the terrain, however it is an indie, early access game, so you can't help but feel that its incomplete, because it is. The game currently has little replayable value since the content upgrades are on a zero to max scale, meaning you can get everything on the first try. It's not like a AAA title where you get three options and you have to pick one and deal with it, or at least not yet (its still early access). To be fair, I think they do a good job on designing character, the mechas, and even the HQ. I even took a special liking to the ship's design.What's also striking about this game is that the combat system is actually rather stable. It does still feel choppy at times, and the lack of variety in the types of mechas can make it feel a little repetitive, but overall it's not half bad. So, I guess I would give this a 6/10."
76561198009156462,Recommended,405370,26326135,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Ces,"I cannot give this game a glowing enough review. I am going to say this simply: this game knows what makes an adventure game fun. The pacing is spot on, the enemies/allies are differentiated enough to make assembling a team feel like a worthwhile exercise, and leveling feels like a supplement to the gameplay rather than an obligatory chore. It's like the game understands WHY people enjoy these mechanics, and uses them specifically for their intended purposes. Yes, it's kind of on the short side, but better that than recycling assets and shoveling in needless grind. They knew what they had and how to use it well.On a side note, I adore the way the storm mechanics are handled. The threat of losing your radar and being hounded by deadly lightning and tornados can lend a real sense of tension to exploration sometimes. The maps can be a little small to take *full* advantage of the mechanic, but again, better too short than too long. Also, whoever decided on the cloud grahpics was a genius. What a simple, elegant, and expressive way to give the sky texture and life.Long story short: Good things come in small packages, and this one's perfect for the price."
,Recommended,405370,26531078,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,WeinerBooper,"This game amazes me, it feels so fluid and the graphics are so impressive even set to low, and the story isn't easy, but rather a challenge. Note for the devs: this game would be so much more enjoyable with co-op! (If you buy the game, you'll see why I say that.)ProsAmazing graphicschallenging but not too challengingrelatively cheapConsSadly, it takes less than 6 hours to complete, if you manage time, which I didn'tkind of buggysome questionable features and occurencessubpar tutorialno sword/melee optionStealth is Key to this Game!"
76561198218022555,Recommended,405370,29125148,Posted: 8 January,all,[-_=[Alo41x]=_-],"Very good game in my opinion. I love everything about it but it needs a bit more. It's too easy to beat the game and then your left with nothing to do but unlock the rest of the mech slots and tame new animals, mabye just go around and shoot everything or try to max out your upgrades but after that the fun is over. Theres not enough content to be able to do much. It would be great if you could build your own base or if there was more to explore. A co-op mode would be fun. I really like this game and come back to it just to mess around every once in a while but its a bit bare. I still recomend this game though because its still alot of fun even if the fun dosent last very long. And to the devs I really like this game but please do try to add more to this game, even just a co-op mode where you could go out with your friends and screw around would be fun."
,Recommended,405370,23558165,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,MunkeeDestroyer,"It's easy to review this title with the following words:-On new planet-Find your robot budy-Activate robot buddy-Find a skylift station-Activate skylift station and go up-Heal-up, save, and go back down-Find ship-Explore-Eat some cookies while crafting items-Shoot robot animals to play a puzzle game to have a companion-Explore the world with your new best friend, nothing else matters.-Easy 10/10 Chimichanga's."
76561198021748575,Recommended,405370,30659647,Posted: 21 March,all,Draklamar,Excellent game just wish is was ALOT longer. I finished the game in 5 hours.  The graphics are great the gameplay is smooth and the controls are easy to figure out and get used too.
,Recommended,405370,18645674,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,lanbus,Early Access :Cool game with interesting features.Lack a bit of story at the moment to guide through but the systme is nice and the whole atmosphere of the game is to be appreciate!Can wait for the rest of the content
76561198127939301,Recommended,405370,26536613,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Tessa Brooks,"This is an okay game for a while but when you get to the fourth island (which is basically a level) it gets really hard and if you are like me with trying to explore and collect everything, dying and not reaching a checkpoint is frustrating in addition to the fact that going to every island kinda gets boring since you do the same thing, explore,kill,objective,repeat.It's an okay game for a couple hours but not much to it. Gonna reccomend it though because of the fun i had at the beggining."
76561198079090227,Recommended,405370,29422159,Posted: 22 January,all,EmbraceTheEnding,"So.. I heard from Sky Break after watching some interesting Let's Play's and enjoyed that kind of gameplay. I loved the fact that you are ""stranded"" on a planet, alone with some nasty mechas there all wanna beat you, in your mission to find a cure and leaving that planet by repairing a shipwreck. But after playing that game by myself, I was a little.. disappointed.They changed so many good things.It still feels like an early acess. There is no much to do in this ""content"" and it isn't difficult to beat in a few hours. Why I doesn't understand ppl can spend over 40+ hours in that game, cause you get no new playable options in the end. I wish they had do something more or haven't changed some things, cause this game has so much more potential. Maybe or I hope they add more content to this.For all those they're looking for a pretty good looking solid sci-fi game with a little bit focus on crafting and survial. I can recommend to buy it. After all it is a good game, but for me, it wasn't worth it."
76561198005775799,Recommended,405370,28946440,Posted: 2 January,all,Soulvoid,"Overall, Sky Break is a pretty fun game. It's a little on the short side but, it has charm. Sky Break looks great and runs really smooth. My biggest complaints are the AI pets like to be right where you are(it can be rather annoying), and the lack of story."
,Recommended,405370,32112022,Posted: 1 June,all,Farsight,"It was a decent shallow dive into a world with an overused plot with a predictable outcome.  The graphics were good, combat was nice, and the gameplay was okay.  I'd recommend this to anyone that's looking for a short casual exploration game that doesn't take itself too seriously.  Though I would wait until it's on sale first, somewhere around/below 3.99 sounds reasonable."
,Not Recommended,405370,26240998,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Zen,At the time of writing this I have to say I can't recommend this game. Wait for a discount/patch if you still want to try it out.Pros:-The art style is pleasing-Hacking Mechas is nice-The storms are ok-Runs smooth with exceptionsCons:-Random bugs-Mild hitching which can ruin the gun play-Lack luster Crafting-Enemies constantly getting stuck in terrain leaving combat as a footnote-Game seems to be missing depth
76561198149776701,Recommended,405370,19795695,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Dumtskk,"the game is very promising, love the concepts, but at their current state, they need lots of work to do."
76561198064941581,Not Recommended,405370,34322650,Posted: 18 August,all,Kliac,"I have played this game form start to finish multiple times now , and i must say i am disappointed , it's pretty much a grind fest , grind 75 plants 75 mucus at the start , store it in your box , don't forget to save every chance you get and no matter what you do this game is a cake walk . the story it's , disappointing and don't even get me started on the ending. i'm sorry to say i wanted to love this game . the entire game can be played through in under 4 hours if you speed through it. after playing for 15.6 i'm adding it to my personal "" do not touch again category "" ."
76561198008424738,Not Recommended,405370,29654883,Posted: 2 February,all,FlyICE,"The game was entertaining initally while learning how the world worked. As soon as you realise how the world and storms operate then it's just a grind to the end.Story is very linear and shallow. Some objects are not well spaced on maps and sometimes spawn in terrain rendereing them inaccsessable, gave a haphazard/in dev feel to the game.Overall an interesting idea and shallow follow through on the guts of the design."
,Recommended,405370,18780394,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,NexAngelus *Fortnight*,"EA review:very early on, but if u like to explore and like the sci fi world setting, this is going to be one to keep a close eye on."
,Recommended,405370,26191466,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,[chinawhyte] Android 18,"First off the game still needs work. The AI are stupid and glitchy, the spawn rate is all over the place and the storm can knock out your radar. (while I understand this feature, it's very hard to play around and overall not a good design) Other than these things this game is really fun. The graphics and performance are fantastic. Far beyond a $15 title. The gameplay is limited but to the point, and the game is fun. It's fun exploring and progressing and that's what's important in a game like this. 7/10"
76561198022640636,Not Recommended,405370,31588548,Posted: 6 May,all,Jamison,"I really tried to get into this game, however I found it to be way too clunky and unpolished to enjoy. Maybe with another 6-12 months of development?If you want a quality offworld exploration game, try out ""The Solus Project""."
,Not Recommended,405370,26164720,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,badnesso,"This is not open world its small zones with a barrier, feels like pokemon but with a gimpy pokemon that half the time is bugged and won't attack.  The first Biome is extremely bland and consisted of only 2 different mechas I can't tell you about further cause I opted for the refund.  You can upgrade your mechas abilities such as health, shield, and damage to a limited point using chips you get from dead mechas.  The AI is terrible 75% of the time mechas just sit there idle and let me kill them, I think its cause they get glitched in the mesh? The crafting is so extremely limited I wouldn't even mention this game had crafting if I were devs.  This is somthing a 6yr old with VR might enjoy.  Very very easy.  Graphics are like WoW maybe worse..I didn't pay attention when I clicked buy this and I thought it was EA like early alpha testing, I went back to store and I was shocked this is a Final Release."
,Recommended,405370,26251994,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Shores,"Sky BreakIt’s a one trick pony but it’s at least a fun ponyYou are stranded on a strange abandoned planet inhabited by hostile robots. A virus is threatening to destroy the human race and the cure lies within the flora of the planet. That’s about all the story you will get besides a few journal logs. But it’s all the story you need to setup the gameplay. Collecting resources and finding repairs to your ship while surviving the harsh environment to return to Earth to save humanity will be your goal in Sky Break.There’s a straightforwardness in Sky Break’s gameplay. Collect resources to craft items and upgrade your equipment then rinse, repeat, and move to the next area of the game. As more resources are collected new items become available to be crafted such as different types ammo and health packs, but also the ultimate goal of finding the cure is progressed. The longer you are away from a safe spot collecting resources the more dangerous and unwieldy the weather of the planet becomes. Although enemies are easier to fight during these storms, the use of the map becomes unavailable and tornadoes and lightning strikes makes the experience terrifying, exhilarating, and disorientating.The robot enemies encountered, called mechas, can be hacked and turned into an ally that will fight beside you. Also, they can be upgraded in the sky base to make them more worthy in combat. Mechas have a nice, sleek design each vary differently in look. But ultimately, all the mechas act in the same clunky way. The exception is the “boss” mecha that will pose as a challenge the first time it is fought, but becomes trivial in subsequent encounters. Mecha collection may be one of the shallowest parts of the game, but it’s also one of the most fun.While there’s many things to craft, I found myself using very little outside basic and heavy ammos for the blaster. The other types of ammos seem expensive and ineffective. Upgrading the ship feels rewarding, but by the time the ship becomes really useful the game is over. The other player upgrades are secondary to the most useful, player damage. There’s not as much choice as it would appear. Crafting ahead of time is pointless as you can craft anywhere and make the things as you need them.Sky Break has a few things wrong. The UI is a mixed bag. Crafting is easy enough, but using items is slow and clunky. Often times I used the wrong item or ammo by accident. Spawns of resources will be inside of trees and rocks. The AI of the mechas do funky things in combat. The story feels tacked on as an afterthought. And the game is short (about 4-5 hours), but I’m not sure that I would want it any longer as there is a lack in variety to do. The complaints don’t detract from the game too much from the game though.Sky Break has some problems. I probably won’t be returning to it anytime soon, but it is an enjoyable game. It’s a one trick pony but it’s at least a fun pony. And I would recommend to any survival game enthusiast or anyone who is interested. At price point, Sky Break is a great pickup for game to play over the weekend.3/5Full Review"
,Recommended,405370,25660933,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,vodolaz095,"Search for medical plants on planet with deadly weather and crazied robots (that can be brainwashed to protect you).Gameplay - run forward to `?` shown by Drone sonar, on the way killing robots ,fixing Ionizer device used to dissipate storm, repeat it 100 times.Pros: graphics, high FPS on my quite outdated and non standart PC (Fedora Linux + AMD), moving player base. Music. Great design.Cons: 2nd island is very boring, but later they will give you a vehicle. Crazied robots resembles animals, which looks quite funny for me, especcialy the Deer and Ostrich mecha  Repeatable gameplay.+1. I don't know why, but i like to play the game."
76561198004885688,Not Recommended,405370,32030071,Posted: 28 May,all,Nurbo89,Not worth the money the game is very simple which is fine the ai in the games is very clunky which bothers me a bit but the worst is how short the game is . . . they had a good idea but the game seems like it was rushed to be made. . .  the game is lacking a lot in story as well as gear upgrades and many other thing  .. .  seems like a base to game that was forgotten and released with out a care to complete it
76561197988097179,Not Recommended,405370,26185154,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,blubber,"If you are looking for an immersive and creative indie game with a lot of content, don‘t buy Sky Break!The art design is promising, but the game mechanics break it. Your character and the combat always feel sluggish, no matter how much points you spend on evolving. The whole world doesn‘t make sense. The skylab, the weather control, and the mechas don‘t fit together.  Where is the real fauna while there is real flora? Why is the storm always resetting at the landing points? Why can I grow the plants in the skylab? What’s the point of running around the planet, collecting the same plants again and again?The game consists of 4 islands with 3 different styles. The style doesn‘t affect anything. You basically do the same thing on island 2-4. And you finish the game after 4hrs. There is no replay value. Which brings me to the point: It feels like a big rip off."
,Recommended,405370,32378606,Posted: 12 June,all,EpicFlowX,"This Game when it Orignally was dropped on steam... had GREAT Potential... I watched it as it evolved and man before the final release it was fairly decent from all the videos and lets plays I watched of it... Yet as soon as I purchase the game... BOOM Release Update... No Melee.. No Ship upgrades.... Game takes about 6 hours to beat... and thats with some exploration... The Combat system is Completely Ranged yet you still have enemies running up on you, and if you run out of ammo your toast... The Pets are very clunky, and even with the commands and the auto port to player... I've still managed to lose a few pets... absolutely 0 Replay-ablityThe Graphics are Beautiful... The Weather System is Amazing... The Enemy AI gets a little better on the later islands... This Game could have been one of THE Best INDIE Games of 2015... Yet they saw how much money they made and was like screw it...I DO recommend this game, because it is beautiful graphically, and it's simple enough that beating it does give you very small self rewards... but DO NOT PAY FULL PRICE... find it on sale.. hell I would even just play it on a friends account honestly....Like I totally wish a bigger company would pick this title up and Reboot it... Bring back Melee (which was probably the ONLY feature that made this game Epic), Upgradeable Ships, Weapons, Armor..."
,Recommended,405370,26150645,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,Kumoa,I have beening waiting for this type of game for a very long time. Thank you!I  am truelly loving this game. The Graphics and music both are epic and well done.Overall great game so far!
76561198021539889,Recommended,405370,30066250,Posted: 20 February,all,SevenFallen,"Eventhough the game was somewhat short, the story line could have used a bit more substance, and things got repetative about half way through, I really enjoyed the game. The art and concept were both really enjoyable for me."
,Recommended,405370,26406946,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Spookzo,"I have to admit, this game is very well made. I think that some people just want to insult it because of what you wear, but in some cases you have to wearit because for example, protection from the cold. If I had to be negative it would probably be how about they removed some cool features, but the did it to remove bugs and make the game more improved.I did have a question. How do you add crafting rooms in the current version? If you know how, post a comment on my wall.Overall its just a good game, that sometimes, challenges you."
,Recommended,405370,25191460,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Hapa,"Everything in this game is beautiful, really. The controls with keyboard + mouse are good (didn't test it with gamepad) and the gameplay is fluid. Didn't faced any breaking bug. Currently the game is short, because it is not finished (duh!). The enemies aren't a real threat currently, your worst enemy is the storm, specially in the beggining.This game has the potential to be a gem and even in this alpha stage it is very enjoyable, thus, I can strongly recommend it, if, and only if, you know how Early Access works.UPDATE (Pos-Release): Sad to say that after leaving Early Access, all you see is a good potential wasted. This is by no means comparable to NMS fiasco, but it did disappointed me so badly. I thought about change my review to negative, but that wouldn't be fair. This game would be a solid 7/10, but the lack of content just makes me pull out 2 making it a 5/10. =("
,Not Recommended,405370,26163968,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,owsky,"The first impression that this game gave me was wonderful: good and lightweight graphics (the 2D grass is brilliant) and very nice setting. Unfortunately the gameplay is lacking since there isn't any reason to explore the open world map because there is no content other than common enemies, chests that contain only ammo and plants to loot. Even though this game made out of early access it doesn't feel like a finished product. It's a shame because I really wanted to like this game. I just can't."
,Recommended,405370,26240900,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,OH OK,Found this game to stream for my youtube channel for ♥♥♥♥♥ and giggles. Ended up falling in love with the world and the story. Im on the second island now and cant wait to continue :)
,Recommended,405370,26189351,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,MasterHunter,"Fun little game for a <10 production crew. Beat it in 1 sitting. Has some neat elements to it, including the ""pet"" system (and get's much easier after you unlock more than 1 pet).The only things that I didn't like were that the save system (very manual, lost 20 mins once because I didn't save recently), and the recovery of your pets (or the lack of recovery) could be a little more forgiving (since they can be upgraded on the expensive side)."
,Not Recommended,405370,26620338,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,collegatore,"Ok, that had seemed like a very nice atmospheric game that has released at last. I'd really, really wished to like it; it felt so great at the beginning. I was returning several times after closing it in despair. But no.The good is that rain is really good.Anything but this I dislike.First: IT IS NOT A REAL RELEASE. Still, a lot of bugs that people report and I didn't see any developer response. Many ridiculous design solutions (like no hip-fire and limited storage at the sky-base). They appear to be the results of rough cutting off some functionality and content from early access versions with no substitutions or polishing.Second (the worst!): very, very poor controls. They are literally awful. I land headshots in any shooter easier than I can aim at the body of calmly standing BOSS mecha here. It is the only game I have ever seen in which aiming with the gamepad is easier than by using a mouse!Third: mechas ruin all atmosphere. I cannot imagine any reason why mechas, that gone rogue, would behave like this. Ok, they can transform into wild animals, why not, but why they behave like stupid bots? They stand at random points doing nothing until you try to pass through. Felines do not hunt birds, birds do not make nests. No mecha has cover for the case when the storm reaches the fourth level of danger. They. Just. Stand. Where are their service depots? Where they come from on isolated island on respawn? I see no signs of that these questions are mysteries that I will reveal exploring the world. It rather seems like ""we can make another game like MMORPGs with mobs, just a singleplayer, why not."" Also, no chances to distract them or sneak by. Their sensors are superior compared to your technologies - until you hide in bushes, through bushes they can't see.So - great atmosphere and idea of a planet, completely ruined by the implementation."
76561197976936012,Recommended,405370,30972153,Posted: 5 April,all,radlith,"Not super deep, but I enjoyed it.  It ended right as it started to feel repetetive."
,Not Recommended,405370,33232977,Posted: 4 July,all,johnny.killstring,"I don't know, friends. It positions itself quite nicely as a relaxing exploration game, splitting the difference between a third person shooter and something like No Man's Sky - and it has some elements that help with that. The music fantastically serves this purpose. The art isn't bad. But for me, fixed-location save points are kind of the antithesis of a relaxing game. Nothing wrong with them, intrinsically, but they really seemed at odds with the core gameplay.For my tastes, if Sky Break isn't relaxing, there's not much left. The gameplay is kind of there, the story really isn't.Honestly, I can heartily reccomend the game if you're very used to high-stress Save Point games; because this will be a fun, chill experience in comparison. But it didn't do it for me."
76561197982994782,Recommended,405370,26167207,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,I Microwave Kittens 4 Fun,"Although this game is pretty basic, and a playthrough would not take long, it is fun, and well worth the price tag.  Very stable, and I have not had the loading delays that some others have reported.  Recommended!"
,Not Recommended,405370,26187073,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,Corrupt1797,It's heavily lacks anything to do other than get ammo and loot plants
,Not Recommended,405370,26177525,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,Khaos (S'A),"Well, to start with, ""Open World"" is kind of a lie. There are a set of islands, and yeah, you can explore them freely, but they are VERY small. The pets (A major selling point for me) are beyond worthless, and actually a hindrance to the player most of the time. They push you around and interrupt your actions. The bird actively does NOTHING, no attacking or anything. Inventory is too constrained, it suffers from the NMS issue of, it's a collect-a-thon, and you have no inventory room. Your gun does laughable damage, and you can't carry much ammo. So you have to craft more, in a menu that doesn't pause your game.There's just a plethora of bad. That's why I'm asking for a refund."
,Recommended,405370,26250543,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Proprietor,"Sky Break is a prime example of why every new game doesn't need to feature life changing storylines, revolutionary mechanics, or enough gameplay to keep you invested for the next six months. This game has none of these things. The combat is simple, the story is paper thin, and it has virtually no replay value. These are not always bad things!The game has a very strange difficulty curve in that the very beginning of the game you have a limited (and precious) amount of ammunition to secure your first poke---er your first robotic companion and reach what will become your home base. Early on, the struggle of balancing collection and usage of ammuntion to survive will be real, but once that balance is under control, all difficulty in the game vanishes as you mercilessly gun down robodeer and murderstriches standing between you and repairing your space ship to GTFO. It's also worth noting that for a indie title, the environment and weather graphics are very well done and visually pleasing.TL;DR - Love this game for what it is; simple, forgettable, short, and fun. Don't hate it for what it isn't. Would definitely reccomend for burning up a lazy Saturday at home."
,Recommended,405370,26256309,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Rawrlo,"For $10-$15, it's a fun game to play through, but I wish there was more to it.As it is now, it only takes ~10 hours to finish the game there's not much reason to play the game a second time except to try some other mecha.Again, for the price, it's good, but here's my constructive criticism:Mecha pathing and attacking is awkward. The Ostrich mecha can't even hit anything with its rockets if it's not at the same height as its target. Sometimes mechas get stuck and run around aimlessly. I got a Bird early on, but was disapointed that it couldn't hit things half the time. For these reasons, you're better off getting melee mecha even though I wish the others could be effective.Loosing your mecha in the early game is punishing if you've invested a lot into it. I would suicide just to reload my last save. Instead, I think a dead mecha should just loose one bar of one of its abilities or some other partial loss.Mecha aggro is weird and difficult for the player to understand. Sometimes mecha don't even care if you walk right by them. Other times 3 groups decide to attack you when you attack just one.On the Ice Island, I would die randomnly. I think I was single-shotted by a ranged attack? But it was very confusing.When you first get the ship, it's fairly worthless because you don't have the upgrade to land in a storm. But by the time you get that upgrade, you're 30 minutes from beating the game. When you first get the ship, it would be nice if you could craft a consumable storm reduction device.Some people say you can upgrade the station with more rooms, but I never found a way to do that.Getting ""the cure"" is underwhelming, it just shows a simple message. I felt let down. Maybe the player could craft something in the medical lab?I hope the developers expand the game a bit more. There's a lot they could do with it. For example, if mecha had abilities you could activate, that would make combat much more interesting. For example: AoE stun, AoE taunt, heal, etc.Also, difficulty levels would be nice: you get more resources, but each combat is more difficult and requires more resources."
76561198165397239,Recommended,405370,30118840,Posted: 23 February,all,xDRiiCKZ,"awesome game, with awesome art. Bit short and but still worth it."
76561198155791458,Recommended,405370,26689542,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,cernerrood246,"Starts out very strong but after a while you notice it's all just the same. Then I was extremely exited to get a spaceship.Don't be, you control it with wasd and can go up and down...and just to make it even worse it can only land on a few select places and barely has enough power to get you anywhere. Game idea is great, just needs a little more polish to make a great game. Still I would recommend buying this game since in the beginning it was extremely fun."
,Recommended,405370,29523026,Posted: 27 January,all,HashtagDown,"Sky Break, a small game about surviving with gorgeus landscapes and design.I havent played much but i love it!Cons: The views sometimes switches wich is kinda anoying!"
76561197971855472,Recommended,405370,26756646,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,cyberman_18,"this was a very enjoyable game well done dev teamthis game may not be the longest game on the steam list but it is very enjoyable and has a lot of bits and peices to keep you entertained and going for a while, the consept is very fresh and fun to play and looks very nice.a must play for anyone looking for a short enjoyable game"
,Recommended,405370,26463160,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,GIFIDIDY,Core of the game is great. I ended up beating it in about 8 hours but I really wish there was more to do. NMS needs to take notes from this game.If only you could name the pets.
,Not Recommended,405370,29498261,Posted: 26 January,all,kala,"Playing the game is fun enough, although there is not too much content. Most of it is a copy-paste or just a different skin for the same type of object (could easily be seen while upgrading the droids, similar type of droids have same upgrades applied). The game could be completed very fast, but upgrades and unlocks make it impossible and require a lot of grinding.All of previous issues could be dealt with and overlooked, but the game is not stable and has a tendency to crash. The most that could be squeezed out of it is half an hour of gameplay. Did not manage to make a save after some major progress event, too bad - do it again. At times it crashes every 5 to 10 minutes.Crashes apply to macOS (although it could also be the same for windows).Seems to require a video car with 2GB of memory not to crash all the time."
76561198021917807,Recommended,405370,19148849,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,Ltc. Frost,"Still needs alot of work. Adding more things to do plus a story to go with. But would deffinently Recommend.All in all i give it a 8/10 in my bookSo they brought it out of Early Access and it still seems Unfinifhed to me. To me there seems to be no story, they just throw you into the game and wishs you the best of luck.I still would recommend the game but buy at your own risk!!!"
,Recommended,405370,30974982,Posted: 6 April,all,pd27,"В принципе даже не плохо. Есть какая-то цель - разбился корабль надо его починать и свалить к чёртовой бабушки из этого штормо-робо-ада.Не очевидно, что корабль таки может садиться куда-то кроме точки, до которой заранее дошёл и активировал её. Это дошло только на последней карте и по этомцу она прошлась минут за 30 - максимум. Знать бы раньше - прошлось бы всё гораздо быстрее.Графика красивая, мир более или менее интересен. Не хватает очень монстров на радаре.Монстров по 4 вида на карте, максимум - это мало. А если учесть, что на первой карте их всего 1 вид, а на последующих 2 вида повторяются с более высоким уровнем - печальное разнообразие. Да и карты маленькие, на самом деле. Приручать монстров - бесполезняк. Максимально прокаченные 3 чувака не выдерживают толпу из 3-4-5 диких монстров. Да и мешают несказанно, постоянно загоняя ГГ в текстуры тем, что телепортировались к нему. Один раз даже спихнули в колодец(Но как отвлекающий манёвр - сойдёт, благо ГГ вообще не виживает один на один с толпой. НО преимущество одиночки - прирученные монстры не собирают всех вокруг, засталяя тебя тратить весь боезапас на пол пути...В принципе продукт годный. Единственный существенный минус - он короткий. Очень. Исследовать его незачем - тоже минус. Исследовать не трудно - сел и полетел - разведал, потом пошёл и дошёл куда надо. Хотя в самом начале, когда корабль не умел разведывать и небыло понятно как включить карту не на станции - было интересно.Было непонятно куда идти, что делать, где какие стороны света, и надо было бегать, быстро запоминая местность. Потом такая необходимомть отпала, а потом и отплана необходимость шибко-то бегать - прилетел, сел, схватил/включил, улетел - вся игра. Но начало хорошее. Идея хорошая, если это как-то немного доделать, процедурально сгенерировать очень большой мир - будет совсем хорошо.Кстати у второго разбитого корабля стоит ящик, который я так и не вскрыл, хотя перебрал коды до 2229("
76561198164102967,Recommended,405370,25098757,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,StaticCrap,Sorta laggy but i like the idea of the game. It reminds me of destiny and no mans sky. Other that it being sorta laggy i really enjoy playing it so far. Maybe you should add living cratures and not mech into the mix as well. I'll input more info when i have more time guys thanks!
,Recommended,405370,24091899,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,⎛⎝BananaZ⎠⎞,"Amazing graphics, beautiful atmosphere and a nice, almost self telling story!Hope they add many interesting features in the future"
,Recommended,405370,26172959,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Am Real Super Sand Lesbian,"It's a nifty little time waster, if you want/need one. Nothing really compelling but I did enjoy it.If you're expecting in-depth storytelling or ground-breaking gameplay, you might want to keep moving. But if you're into simple and easy to pick up games, this is definitely one you should play.Estimated time for completion: An hour if you really know what you're doing. Maybe more if you want to collect everything."
76561197999368643,Recommended,405370,26225381,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,yusuke91,"I've been playing the game for a few hours and have had some good and bad times with it. One thing that, once i figured it out, is that you can command your pets to attack or move by left clicking while not holding the right mouse button(aiming). for a while I was having trouble due to using the bird pet you can find in the first area and having it constantly get stuck in trees... this ended with me fighting entire packs with no support/help from my pet. i trashed the pet and picked up a cat, because at least it woln't get stuck in trees. another thing for early on is that you can return to the ground and the plants will respawn, due to this i am about halfway though the tec tree but barely on the seccond island.  I am hoping it continues to be fun to play.Great game play and I like how killing or harvesting directly leads to improving your gear and pets.Just finished game ~11hrs, whould have been faster if i just ran through.Still fun, lots of exploration chances. has a lot of room for expantion of mechs and even the diffrent island. still good and entertaining."
,Not Recommended,405370,34757839,Posted: 5 September,all,Justyn,"This game is very boring. The graphics are nice looking, but it is all generated and repetitive. Story is uninteresting and the quests are like other reviewers said, You fetch items and grind farm."
76561198086343115,Recommended,405370,18639083,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,haily`s Angel,"this game has alot of potential and i love it so far, art style and music is awsome :D"
,Not Recommended,405370,26162672,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Hydre,"Oh boy, the premise of the game hyped me. But, what a disappointment it led to.I usually am short to judge a game, specially a 'new' one (early access and all). And the first 40 minutes just felt... bland?There was nothing to do, other than 'go there, shoot that while going there, don't touch big robot, hack a robot while you're at it, survive'. Make a few detours for plants, and then voila. I'll give this another shot in a few days, to see if it goes for the better but else, this is on the refund list.EDITSo I stayed around to progress a bit, managed to get to the 'you have to repair the ship part'. This implies killing a somewhat big robot, with the help of one you can hack if you want. So. Why the hell would you make the player either go back ALL THE WAY to the skylift to upgrade your own mech enough so it doesn't get 2HKOd, along with the giant robot taking 50+ charged shots to the face and still having 1/3rd of his life, spamming repair bots once damaged enough? This is just... This is just a poor gameplay decision, I don't know?There are no survival elements other than 'look out, here's a storm', no RPG elements other than 'wow you can have chips and hack enemies once you kill them!' (which is ALSO really restricted early on, you can have a single mech and voila'.Just no."
,Not Recommended,405370,29453163,Posted: 23 January,all,My name is not important,"It looks really pretty, but it's horribly bland.I don't know if they can polish it into being interesting enough, but it's so far just another early access survival on steam."
,Not Recommended,405370,31051832,Posted: 9 April,all,matinm98,I can't recommend this game unless it just has something else to do added to it. It's just very shallow. The terrain is fairly boring and imo way too plain. It's fun for what it's got but it doesn't have enough to justify a purchase imo.
76561198018605856,Recommended,405370,24404687,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,70calories,So far really awesome game quite a bit of stuff to explore and do and they seemd to do a great job at listing to the community and updating
76561198061815110,Recommended,405370,18926448,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Vyn,"Was neverso much afraid of going outside, while it rains.10/10 Would stand in my base like a child andwaiting until the rain and thunder ends"
76561198051816737,Recommended,405370,19894978,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,sivlezzub,"sky break more like sky great game.Things I like:combatexplorationchip systemgraphicsThings i dislikerender distancethin grassbugspretty atmospheric game, but i wish i were able to see more, and look at what the whole world looks like instead of just seeing a petty little portion."
76561198095296204,Recommended,405370,26176755,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Maverick,love this game recommend it for anyone! the music and graphics make this game a must buy!
76561198037080732,Recommended,405370,25100461,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Gentleman,"pffffff Outstanding. Runs super smooth, no loading screens ingame, superb music, cool idea of ""hacking"" mechas, superb graphics, the world really feels dangerous (because the mechas and the weather,,,,storms,,,,,,). Can't say anything bad right now :s"
76561198106169266,Recommended,405370,26167948,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,idkutellme | trade.tf,"Over all, great game, however, it should honestly cost closer to mabye $5-10 for the amount of content."
,Recommended,405370,26392933,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,☭Hazmat Hunter☭,Addicted. Nothing needs to be taken away only add more things like new weapons or vehicles ect.
76561198072485016,Recommended,405370,25187335,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,PlagueB,"Warning: You will get 2-3 hours of gameplay without any replayability value. The game is not finished and has no official end.Besides that its a cute short exploration game that contains some RPG elements (upgrade your mechs and yourself). There is also some limited combat that is not demanding at all (stay at range and shoot while your mechs take the hits). Since I got it for 10$ on a sale I'm ok with it and I'm looking forwards to more content soon.I hope they expand the story some more (more islands, more survivors, more challenge) though. And if this was 70$ I would have given it clear thubs down (hint hint). But since its decent game for tiny price I'm willing to support non greedy studios that don't lie about their deliveries."
76561198010938560,Recommended,405370,26204865,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Colt45blue,its a good game kind of short on content for this time but am sure they will improve it as time goes by :D. i havnt had very many bugs so thats a huge bonus for me :D. so all in all its a good game i dont have any major complants just some small ones so i would recommend this game :D
76561197960676340,Not Recommended,405370,26465961,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Panzer,This is fairly unfinished product. Interesting idea but lack of life.Not to mention it is painfully unstable and it is crashing all the time.Not worth of your money.
76561197995690115,Recommended,405370,26232830,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Ophite,"Very short game that is easy to complete without using any of the character developments ie, evolving and pets. You could beat the game in less than an hour on second playthrough, if you were to do such a thing. It really should have more content with meaningful character development, even at the low pricetag.With that said, its not a bad game. I don't feel cheated....just disappointed. I give a positive review because the game runs really well and looks great."
76561198232511616,Recommended,405370,26201134,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Nev,"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=etgnQHbgrAMAs a huge fan of survival games I must say that sky break has its positive sides but also a fair few negatives.The attempt at a story is something we don't see too often from survival games, its well presented in the cut scenes and intriguing in the gameplay. The graphics are ok, not the best but very colourful. That also means the game is easier to run on less powerful PC's which can be important for some people.The combat is lacking, it feels very unpolished and mechanical. Same goes for a lot of the character movements and animations. I did also find the UI a little confusing and not as intuitive as I’d like but maybe that’s just me.Overall the game is okay, if it was any higher price then I could not recommend it."
,Recommended,405370,26198734,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Final Catch,"Great little game. I enjoyed it a lot. Played it non-stop till completion. Interesting story, beautiful models and technology design. Nice game. Give it a try. Especially if your a sci phi fan.I had a little problem launching it on mac os. Crashed a bit. I found turning the display resolution down in the launcher and then turning it up in the game fixed the problem. No crashes at all while I was playing. Great game, I recommend it."
,Recommended,405370,26203870,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,killz800,This game is really fun i beat it in 3 days but it is worth the low price and it is one i will play again. i admit it took me way too long to find out how to craft so if you dont know how its in your invintory on the right.
76561198233556412,Recommended,405370,30367307,Posted: 6 March,all,Cancer_Classic,"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=puPHzzKMYck&t=26sthis is the Link for my First Video of the game, i love the Game and its insanely good, the Visuales, the Graphics, the smoothness of the gameplay is amazing."
,Recommended,405370,25159006,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,BloodyBane,"BUY AND WAIT, OR WAIT THEN BUY. AT THE MOMENT THIS GAME IS VERY BUGGY AND HARD TO PLAYAt the moment, the game looks very promising. It has great graphics and a partially developed story (only some, not alot).I'm not sure if it was the settings I had, but I did have a big issues with parts of the terrain not showing up. There were times where I fell into them, only to be teleported back up on top of the terrain, but most of the time I walked along them until they showed up.I'd have to say the standard set mouse sensitivity is way too high for only being about 1/6 of the sensitivity bar.There are quite alot of sticky places a player can fall in and either, fall to their death, or simply get stuck forever. There is no player connection to the ground below a certain slope angle, and little to no player maneuverability while falling. Also, from what I believe, fall damage is incured by time falling, and not by distance fell. I believe this as I had got caught on a cliff side only about 4ft from the ground, was stuck there for about a minute, and once I fell through I instantly died. As such, if you get stuck, you cannot move your character to wedge them free, you simply need to wait till your character finishes falling through and die, or simply quit to the main menu and reload. Either way, you'd need to restart at the last save.Another small gripe would be that sometimes resources can be found in large clusters, but other times hardly ever found.Other than these problems i've experienced, the game is pretty good for being an Early Access game.I will most likely continue to play this game, but not right now. I will wait until it has been further developed.I do recommend this game. It seems like it will turn out very well, but gameplay wise, it does not have a lot to offer."
76561198273690154,Recommended,405370,33242467,Posted: 4 July,all,Ridercus,Good game at first but then i beat it in the same day i got it
76561197992112381,Recommended,405370,33383440,Posted: 8 July,all,SnackyCakesIII,"A Fun little survival game like FarSky before it.  Has an ending which i enjoy (I think that is the problem with most survival games is that they do not, except for subnautica)  and only takes a few hours.  The mechanics are fun and it is well done for how few people made the game.  It isnt perfect and is sometimes buggy, but good for what it is."
,Recommended,405370,26198636,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Hero of Canton,"This game is awesomeIts in the early stages, but I think Sky Break has so much potential to expand into a fantastic mecha survival game.Blows NMS out of the water, for less than $20.00 USDIt is completely worth the price and I hope they continue to develop upon this game."
76561197988204596,Recommended,405370,26190296,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,Finlearson,"Great value for 10 or so hours of play.Storyline was good, and made the game feel like more than a game of go for this and go for that.upgrade system is nice and gaining new pets is a huge reward in and of itself.AI is not the bestGraphics are goodReplayability not goodCrafting is very simplistic but a key part of the gameOverall money well spent, though I would love it if people could create new maps for the player to explore."
,Recommended,405370,22054973,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,EbbeMan,"So I just bought this game after playng it at a friends house and I got to say, Im loving it so far! Hoping to see first-person view soon tho! :) FarSky was first-person, and that worked soo well! Like this review if you also want first-person! (Y)"
76561198099014033,Recommended,405370,19815217,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,DragonGamer2002,BEST GAME 10/10 IGN APROVE.One tink is the controler suport just tath i love the art off the game looks amazing.And be posible to creat chips will be great.
,Recommended,405370,30255741,Posted: 28 February,all,vRedHydra,"I loved the game i WISH the Dev put more time into it and expanding the game (More islands, More Creatures, More things to resarch ETC...) but i see in the comments that people dont like the survival aspect of it, well heres what i have to say to themGO PLAY ANOTHER BLOODY GAME YOU TART THERE IS SOO MANY GAMES NOW THAT ARE SURVIVAL BASEDThe game isnt survival based its adventure based with a little bit of survival twisted into it, the graphics perfect the game doesnt need to look realistic to be good.YES the story is liniary, YES it's short gameplay but if it hadnt left early acess it could have been a good game.i wish too see either additions or some sort of sequel to this game.Please dev, Please"
76561198069352065,Recommended,405370,26177509,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,NeoThree,4 Island 3 bioms 8 creatures  2 varients per creature but the mini boss and birds its just meh i would like to see mounts
76561198206054768,Not Recommended,405370,26186757,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,Minibowser,The game is great but difficult becuse there are too many mechas. The shooting is messed up for my keyboard and the frame rate is wayyy toooo loowwww.
,Recommended,405370,29529930,Posted: 27 January,all,✯Lenny The Wise✯,Amazing easy to run great game still working on it skybreak is a master peice that every one should play
76561198121808313,Recommended,405370,29449630,Posted: 23 January,all,HyperHexil,Not bad of a game! Still needs some fixing up to do
76561198293547570,Recommended,405370,24404114,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Sora No Ookami,This  game is  very nice. Buy it. :D
,Recommended,405370,35066663,Posted: 19 September,all,A Meme Reborn,"It's good. Nothing great or anything like that, but actually more than I expected for the money. It has some kind of Pokemon thing going on, but I wish you could catch 'em all. You can only collect 4 Robots at once, but you can let all 4 of them fight on your side."
,Not Recommended,405370,23645250,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,J.McIntosh,"I gave this game a short try. And it seems to run very smoothly, the graphics look clean and amazing for the environment for what they were going for. And one thing I love is the design of your character. Now as that being said, I did run into some weirds things. With enemies teleporting further away near the 2nd relay tower from time to time.And as it stands the story seems somewhat uninteresting but to be honest I can't blame them with how many different people in the world today are writing the same stories over and over. Your gun overheats too fast even after a level 1 upgrade to reduce it's head build up. I under stand it's an EA game but as it stands I'll return this and wait for more to come. I hope that it does get some expansions in due time...I want to be more drawn into this world. That has beautiful visual but the lack of audio and an ambiance slightly kills the mood. I can't wait to see this game expand and hopefully the keep updating this game.I like the upgrading system so your character can grow. With that also appling to your drones you hack.I'll come back later to see it's progress."
,Not Recommended,405370,26235088,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,SpiritMIA,"Unfinished game, lot of bugs, need a better starting guide and  with lack of content.Good concept but for just short time..."
,Recommended,405370,26167820,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,The Glorious Nosebleed,It is really fun but they did remove a lot of features i the final version
76561197972393277,Recommended,405370,26173921,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,EmGooser,"A little short but fun, good for an afternoon or three.  Some replayability too."
76561198014129821,Not Recommended,405370,34750029,Posted: 4 September,all,Sporkinator,"Unplayable piece of crap.  Game consists of sloooooooowly running across a huge world, on a series of fetch quests, armed with a blaster that might as well be a crossbow.  One of those games that manages to combine boredom and difficulty."
,Recommended,405370,29511557,Posted: 26 January,all,Kilroy5150,"I love this game and yet it's the shortest game i've ever played. This game could easily be called ""Indie's Unfinished Symphony"" because there was SOOOO much more they could have done with this game.And if you check my reviews, i RARELY give instant praise. This game has nice graphics and it's got one element SO many other games don't have, a  no-worries survival system.I am not one of these anal gamers that enjoys being throw into Dante's Inferno from the jump and thank the ""users"" this game doesn't do that.It also allows you companions by way of hacking, sweet. Before you ask, you ""can't"" hack the ""Walker"" mechas, they just won't take (another ""unfinished"" element).Personally, i think the Crane and Scorpion mechas are the best because they have range and can also be pretty bad-a$$ up close and personal.There are fuel and energy as well as parts and plant concerns but that's about the limit of the supplies you need. And i LOVE that, keep it simple. Games you have to have to learn a new type of math for are rarely fun (except to overly hard-core, anal gamers).All in all, i like this game and hope it has some add-ons. I've heard they won't do much with it beyond what they're done but i'm hopeful.Some things i would have changed:Allowing the mechas you hack to have their own names. Names gives us a better sense of fimilarity with an AI, always has.Allowing you to ""store"" mechas (you only get 4) because let's face it, when you upgrade one to the max and then you get another new one, you feel a little♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥when you can't keep what you already made.As a last note, i find it very strange that this game didn't have much in the way of ""guides"" for it. Usually, the community jumps in and does this but, in this case, very little is there for this game"
,Recommended,405370,25173366,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Zenrin,"Good game, looks great and it's fun to play. You get this need to want to explore and find out more about the game.Hopefully though they add a lot more contend."
,Not Recommended,405370,31010255,Posted: 7 April,all,Orion The 0122nd,Really empty and not fun. Don't waste your time or money.
76561197972821886,Recommended,405370,26212441,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,One_jedi_army,"It's a little short but a otherwise good game. A little bit like no man sky but only one planet to explore (no space travel) and in many points way better, one of them is the price."
76561198118797815,Recommended,405370,26189737,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,nkr2003,Missile shooting Ostriches...9/10
76561198262286180,Recommended,405370,26207281,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Finix1010,"When I read the negative comments I was slightly discouraged in getting this. As everyone was saying it was lacking and laggy, though since it was on sale I bought it.My first thought was that it had pretty, not quite realistic look which was fine by me. I wish they gave me some more context regarding the quest as some of them would say ""Activate drone with your gun"" and I would say ""Um HOW do I excactly?"" But once I figured it out it was quite fun!I have only scraped the surface of what this game has to offer and unfortunately it does come with some bugs, my mecha starting trying to attack me (It left no damage) but it was quite annoying to have it shove me around. Once I went back to my base it stopped but i'm sure it'll get a little annoying in the future.As far as graphics I have had some lag here and there but even if its bad it goes away fast (This being on a mac computer)and sometimes if I move my mouse to fast it spins out of control and it takes me a little bit to get back on track. But nothing seems too bad, i've read some post's saying it crashes when they enter they're menu and such and thankfully I haven't come across that problem, and if you get this game hopefully you won't either!I've encountered some new creatures and I have to admit they are quite annoying to handle. When I tried to charge my gun they would just hit me blow after blow until I died and had to start over, making me sigh in frustration. I do wish there were some creatures that were friendly (I have only playing a little bit so if there is my apology's) and I wish even if I do encounter them I could run away, but there lazers or whatever they are just kill me before I even get a chance to run!Overall this game has lots of promising features and if they just fix some glitches this could be a great game! THOUGH even with the positive feedback I still would only recommend this game if its on sale. 15 bucks for a game that needs a little work isn't worth it so if you REALLY want this game but have some doubts my suggestion is add it on your wishlist and wait for a sale."
,Not Recommended,405370,34825369,Posted: 8 September,all,Draco42,"not worth it, glitchy still, don't waste your money"
,Recommended,405370,26200094,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,....,very yes
,Recommended,405370,26173275,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Mr.Rockefeller,This game seems very fun so far from what Ive played. Most games like this dont work out but this works out well.
76561198090727146,Recommended,405370,25109189,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Hackette,Trés bon jeu qui s'améliore de jour en jours acheter le franchement se jeu et géniale
76561198050782592,Not Recommended,405370,26191956,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,Tykenn,"I brought it to play for when I had free time. Needless to say, this game feels more like time wasted than time enjoyed. Which is sad, because I wouldn't of refunded the game if it were cheaper.That's the thing about mid-tier/priced games, if you buy games that are cheep. You can shrug it off and feel fine since it didn't cost you much. Vs buying something expensive and knowing that you're getting quality. But with a game like this, you just get left with a sour taste.Edit/reply: Dull; repetitive; empty. Are you happy now?Also, low pirced games to me are between 1-7 pounds. When it gets to 10-30 that is the mid-tier. And so on.I don't need to give you a wall of text to tell you that a game is bad. And believe me, when I buy a game I play the hell out of it. But when it came to this, I couldn't bring myself to do it.(I do enjoy games like this, just not this one in particular.)There was something fundamentally lacking in the gameplay; story and overall aesthetic. This game felt like demo you would make up with a few friends for a programming convention."
,Recommended,405370,26173886,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Tales From The Dark Side,"A great peaceful game, i really dig how relaxed i get playing this after the annoyance of many other AAA games.Music, graphics and vibe are cool indeed, i would recommend this game."
76561198062793080,Recommended,405370,26992393,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Stratigar,10/10 Better than No Man's Sky.
76561198325840613,Recommended,405370,29453758,Posted: 23 January,all,Phantom_Fox,very fun
76561198038209174,Recommended,405370,26180359,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,Blackghost,"Good game, really nice graphics and the story is good.BUY IT."
76561197999446942,Recommended,405370,25450252,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Grey Dude,Enjoyed the game alough no sure how big it is - seem to have only 4 islands a moment.
,Recommended,405370,26155825,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,Kalvin,its good i like it but the second island there are too many of the mech animals i run/walk past them like not through but around and they instantly see me so i run trying to stay away from the rest but they keep following and i also dont have enough ammo too kill them
76561198280871831,Recommended,405370,26232975,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,uhhh,"Hey, That's pretty good"
76561198196960609,Recommended,405370,28159919,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,[G.E.W.P] pugo44,its fun and hard but look it needs more like planets and ncs and stuff like that
,Recommended,405370,26166687,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,CSmaniac // cs-codes.com,Really fun!10/10great conceptgood aiand the game is great overall!
76561198248861588,Recommended,405370,26156079,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,Nuclear_Survivor,"THIS GAME IS AWESOME!!!i was like hmmmmmm when i first saw the game and so i bought it. i started it up, seeing the trailer im thinking this game will not run well on my laptop. so i play the game on my bad laptop and wow..... just wow...! the game runs well on low graphics and full resolution! the game runs with no lag at all and it is very heart racing! GET THIS GAME IT IS AWESOME!!!"
76561197988083379,Not Recommended,405370,23606579,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Azirahael,"Got it on sale.Have a number of survival games, some on early access.No fun.Pros:Graphics are clean.Cons:You start the game with a bunch of stuff in play: armour guns, first aid kits, space stations etc. but no explanation for what anything is, why its there, or hy you care.Fragments? what's that? do i want it? is it impotant?You can make pets of enemy mechs, but you don't get told how.Sound is very... empty? There's a very hollow feel to everything. nothing feels real. thunder, lightning, tornadoes. All there, and none of it has any impact. a tornado drifted past about 1 foot from me and i just sat and watched it go by. like, 'oh hey. look.'This whole thing feels dreamlike. Which would make an interesting level for a game, but here it just says 'unfinished.'And yes, i know it's in early access.Refunding.Don't get it now.i might try again when it's finished."
76561197970534805,Recommended,405370,26155990,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,BoNeMacHiNe,Really well thought out game. Great fun and addictive.
,Recommended,405370,26155551,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,What?,Simply nice.
,Not Recommended,405370,26191028,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,Jonis326,After about an hour of game play I get a crash. 2 hrs of game play and 2 crashes....  don't want to try to play this again as I am sure its going to crash again.
76561198082909325,Not Recommended,405370,28696799,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Game Face,"It's a cool looking game, but there really isn't much substance to it"
76561198080938330,Not Recommended,405370,26337454,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Rockin Moroccan,"I like the graphics in the game, but open world???? bull♥♥♥♥♥♥ this game is nowhere near openworld, and after trying to just complete the damn thing 3x's I gave up and past my time to refund what a load of ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ the 2 hours is for refunds. this game is a cash grab nothing more, hell i could of had a better time at the mall for $15 and I hate the mall. Dont waste your time on this garbage.  The AI is probably the dumbest♥♥♥♥♥♥I have ever encountered in Video games and the limit on space is utter garbage, you travel to another world and I am supposed to believe i can only hold 4 items at max in my sad♥♥♥♥♥cloud in the sky base? ♥♥♥♥ off devs your game eats♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198095627907,Recommended,405370,26169524,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Iamfrost,Mecha dogges everywhere 10/10
,Not Recommended,405370,26204490,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Jakeyman89,This game simply is not fun.
76561198180318210,Recommended,405370,26160581,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Dixon,gg
76561198105210208,Not Recommended,405370,26261147,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,flutter bird,i thort it whould be good but realy dont like it
,Recommended,405370,26408311,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,ginnor,"I have played video games for a very long .I like this games nice clean lines,the point is to have fun.to be able to hack and build your owen bots is great,getting your own ammo is a pain but I get it.That storm feature is crazy tough at first.anyway I hope to see more,"
76561197993489386,Recommended,405370,26306756,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,BroWren [Linux],"Sky Break is an excellent open world exploration game. It runs beautifully on Linux, supports gamepads perfectly, and has a perfect balance of crafting, shooting, and even a bit of platform-style fun here and there.The art style is amazing and it's easy to find yourself in dire straits if you don't progress carefully. There were quite a few times when I lost track of the weather in the game and had an ""oh, s*@!"" moment trying to find a way to survive.I was able to complete one play-through in 4 hours, but since the world is procedurally generated, you can play it over and over. :)"
,Recommended,405370,26273320,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Dank Quixote,"This game is a gem. The premise is simple, the gameplay is fun, and the price is right. If you get it in a sale even better. This is the kind of game you beat and then invite your friend over and watch them beat it. As with all games that give this much of an atmospheric experience it is shorter than you'd like but the replay value is there.(semi spoiler below for if you get stuck like I did)When moving off the first island (and each subsequent island) you have to dock your station with the next island from within your sky station by clicking on the new dock and waiting for your station to move there."
76561198006782422,Recommended,405370,19603337,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,Farmores,Its good but the lighning storms are not.  they always target you arent just random events.  always get you in the middle of combat when you cannot run. makes me not want to play it.
,Recommended,405370,23569567,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,GlowSticks,"Decent so far, they got rid of oxygen mechanic?Game needs a bit more, also a few quality of life needs. Such as how many items/items in your stash & inventory.Other than that, nice. Haven't been confused yet."
,Recommended,405370,23561179,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,66austin1,for how pretty this game is I thought my computer would♥♥♥♥♥♥itself. Definitly fun and can't wait to play more of it :) very optimized (some frame lags here or there yet always in the 40fps) very fun game.
,Recommended,405370,23601046,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,kgg533,"In its current state there's about 10 hrs of gameplay in the unfinished story. The art style of the enviroment is nice and while other objects could use some polish they're fairly well made. A lot of potential here, worth $10 even currently."
76561198068920890,Not Recommended,405370,19321171,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Wirewing,"4/10 for effort.The game and the style are definitely pretty enough to draw in some suckers- myself included.I watched this thing saunter off into left field through early access. It started off with some good ideas and then became misdirected and lame.Combat was fun and exciting when there was a sword. Dodging, rolling, timing, striking. Now, it's kiting with a little pissant pistol.Crafting was never very rad but it was simple at first. Has always been a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥because you castrate yourself to do it. Have to put a mod to gather in a slot you could use for better things.  You also fight these zombie machines for half of your components.Oxygen was much bigger deal before. Combat and running made it go down faster.  It made you plan well and hurry back. While this was chore for some critics that said the mechanic limited your range of exploration, it at least made it a unique challenge. Would have been better to make easier upgrades to oxygen capacity than just make it a background feature.The base hasn't changed much aside from being less interesting upon release.I feel like the dev discovered he could make storms on accident and went way too far with it. Then they scaled it back once they realized that adding a major mechanic that noone asked for halfway through EA might have cost them some good faith. Still - at least they were doing something.The interface looks like Cheryl from your work did it. Good enough for a meeting Cheryl, just don't expect a plaque for your efforts.The point has always been elusive and I had hopes that a more engaging storywould be♥♥♥♥♥♥out- even if the dialogue was written in Cheryl's ♥♥♥♥♥♥ templates. Hopes dashed.Overall I'm not terribly disappointed because things definitely happened in EA. They added a content semi regularly - just not enough and, with the singular exception of adding a couple more enemy types- in inane and boring places."
,Recommended,405370,29492709,Posted: 25 January,all,Durch,"Sky Breakplaces you on the surface of an alien world inhabited by machines.  The back-story explains the world was once inhabited by humans, only to be driven out by their own creations.  Your character is sent to the planet in search of a cure for some generic doomsday plague, and your time is spent defending yourself from the orphaned mechs as you collect local fauna.For me, Sky Break was relaxing.  Combat is easily avoided, and battles are brief.  The ability to convert defeated enemies into allies makes combat easier, but conversion is optional – the game can be won without them.  Aside from being little challenge, the main quest is short and linear.  There are no side quests, and the replay value is very low.I enjoyed this game, but I suggest it only be purchased while on sale (due to the short story and limited replay value)."
,Not Recommended,405370,26182462,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,Ruthven78,"So I played the entire game from start to finish in one session, with a couple small breaks.  It took me only 10 hours to get through it all.  There really isnt a whole lot to do.  Go get things, craft some things, hack things to make them your pets, level them up.  It was a little difficult at first but halfway through it was no longer a challenge.  There really isnt much substance.  You start off with the premise but they dont flesh the story out at all.  It is rather boring.  You have to learn most of it on your own via trial and error as there is very little in the way of a tutorial.  Based on previous reviews & discussion forum comments, this is a stripped down version of what the devs originally planned for.  I honestly feel this game should have been around half the price (currently $15)."
,Recommended,405370,31085728,Posted: 11 April,all,Buiscit SLEEZE,"GET IT ON SALEfor how short the game is, it's hard to say it's worth $15 USD.Definitely is an okay experience, but with how... unfinished this finished games feels, it's going to leave you wanting moreget it like, half off at least. 'swhat I did, and I ain't mad"
,Recommended,405370,33857714,Posted: 28 July,all,Kodiak-Rush,"An awesome indie action game in an open world. I had a really fun time playing this. It’s short but sweet and well worth a play. If you like sci-fi, robot animals and unforgiving storms then have fun"
76561198051163430,Recommended,405370,34082317,Posted: 7 August,all,cameronxm,i love the story line and i havnt even got half way through it but that may be because every 2 seconds the keys jam and even when im not pressing anything the charicter moves in the last direction i was telling it to i really want to enjoy this game but in order for me to that needs to be fixed
,Not Recommended,405370,34849501,Posted: 9 September,all,holdoffhunger,"I wanted something that was going to be like Far Sky, the other game by this developer that is amazing, but this is so much more structured and with so much less content.  The number of crafting recipes is one tenth what Far Sky had, and the main plot is completable in a few hours.  I wish it were better.  (I do recommend Far Sky, though.)"
,Recommended,405370,34874005,Posted: 10 September,all,Duck,"This is actually a pretty nice game, although it's a bit short it is still able to captivate me afterwards with a completionist type of post-game premise"
76561198321468679,Recommended,405370,34890461,Posted: 11 September,all,NotKoniec,I didn't expect to be so good..
