user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,405780,18628597,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Musta Kahvi,"Atmospheric psychological horror point-and-click adventure with beautiful enviroments, good voice acting, fitting music, likeable characters and for the most part great and imaginative puzzle design. Even have old school text parser type puzzles in it.Classic point-and-click adventure fans should feel right at home here. Saddly you only have 1280x800 resolution but even still game looks fine. Faces on 3D character models may sometimes look like wax figures but huge hand-drawn portraits in dialogue window are very beautiful indeed. Enviroments are especially beautiful and night sequences with northern lights are breathtaking and eerie.Perhaps notepad could have used little bit more. I really love natural looking notes, books and magazine cutouts in my adventure games, it just makes it feel so much more lifelike enviroment and luckily what they have feels very authentic, giving great backstory and making it feel like real place where real people might live. I guess it's bit nitpicky thing to say but notes in Syberia series were huge reason why I fell in love with it back in the day as well.One of my all time favourite point-and-click adventures and really hoping to see new game by Turmoil Games someday....also remember polar bears get bored too.Final verdict: 9 well fed and happy polar bears out of 10"
76561197970607311,Recommended,405780,18687951,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Flopy,+ nice humor+ great atmosphere+ great voice overs+ great audio+ great dialogues* Character art can be bit quirky at timesGood fun for about 5h maybe more when you want to solve everything yourself.
,Recommended,405780,18676619,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Dragon_Claw,"If you are in the mood for a short horror adventure, that is inspired by Cthulhu & The Thing, you can't go wrong with this one.The voice acting is good and the graphics are neat with 3D renditions mixed with 2D comic book arts. A nice departure of the current indie trend with rough pixels.The only downside is the games short length, which is about 4 hours. Beyond that I liked it."
,Recommended,405780,23525216,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,!-R4ptor-!,I'm playing adventures since the 80s and here is my opinion regarding Alpha Polaris:Short and solid point and click adventure. I was lured to it by the premise of a Cthulhu mythos inspired story which is a bit of a stretch but I still wasn't disappointed. Mostly because I like storys involving polar regions.+ Neat backgrounds and detailed 3D model characters+ Good voiceactors+ Good story+ Hard but logical puzzles+ Mostly not trial and error- Cutscenes look worse than ingame gfx- Short (4 hours)- only 1280x800 resolutionAll in all an impressive first work for an independent studio. I hope you'll do another one! Would be an instabuy for me!
,Recommended,405780,18629452,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Varaosa,"ENG:Alpha Polaris is a single player point-to-click horror adventure type of game in the Arctic region. The original game has already been published in 2010, which is made of old Wintemute Game Engine, an engine limit due to the game resolution remains only 1280x800 resolution.The main character of the game occurs Rune Knudsen Norwegian biology, which studies polar bears in the Arctic region. As the game progresses the game starts to happen strange things that players need to start investigating. The player can find out, for example, like a dictionary puzzlegames.The game has been designed by Finnish really small Turmoil Games called honest indie game company, with a low standby power has been very visually appealing and carefully executed adventure game which is easy to follow the story and high quality voice acting, as well as play music. Raises hat-makers.A classic video game that gives a different gameplay experience. A good addition to the game collection, a testimonial!Visual quality 9/10Story 8/10Sound World 8/10Music 8/10IGN 8.6 / 10FIN:Alpha Polaris on yksinpelattava point-to-click tyyppinen kauhu seikkailu peli arktisella alueella. Alkuperäinen peli on jo julkaistu vuonna 2010 joka on tehty vanhalla Wintemute peli enginellä jonka engine rajoituksen vuoksi pelin resoluutio jää vain 1280x800 resoluutioon.Pelin päähenkilönä esiintyy Rune Knudsen Norjalainen Biologisti, joka tutkii jääkarhuja arktisella alueella. Pelin edetessä pelissä alkaa tapahtua kummallisia asioita joita pelaajan täytyy alkaa selvittämään. Pelaaja pääsee selvittää esimerkiksi erillaisia puzzleja.Peliä on on suunnitellut suomalainen todella pieni Turmoil Games niminen rehellinen indie peliyritys, jonka pienellä voimavaralla on saatu todella visuaalisesti ja huolellisesti toteutettu seikkailupeli jossa on helposti seurattava tarina ja korkea laatuinen ääninäyttely sekä pelimusiikki. Nostaa hattua tekijöille.Klassikko videopeli joka tarjoaa erilaisen peli kokemuksen. Hyvä lisä peli kokoelmaasi, suositteluni!Visuaalinen laatu 9/10Tarina 8/10Äänimaailma 8/10Musiikki 8/10IGN 8.6 / 10"
,Recommended,405780,23770221,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Usagi,"Alpha Polaris : A Horror Adventure Gameis a game that I bought on sale as a whim because I enjoy point and click games. It looked promising -an element of horror you say? Well, sure! I also did something that I rarely do, I played the game soon after I bought it because I was very excited to try it out. What I got, however, was a rather mediocre game that while fun didn’t live up to my expectations. That being said, I don’t regret the purchase and do think it has good points to enjoy.First and foremost, my biggest complaint: This game doesn’t instill any sense of horror in me. I was never scared during the game, perhaps a bit disturbed but never scared. This was a bummer but I just learned to live with it because I was interested in the story.You play a lad named Rune who likes polar bears, you’re a tree hugger working on an oil researching facility. You’re there gathering research on the polar bears while also being preachy about the environment. I love nature as well but no one else at the station cares, aside maybe Nova who is your love interest. She’s very in touch with her Inuit heritage and is a well of useful information, I’m also rather certain she’s a feminist but thankfully not too preachy. Two other characters are at the station; Tully, a rude and crude guy and also Al who just wants to find oil and make money. To sum the story up, Al finds oil but also some ancient artifacts, he brings them back to the station and then it becomes haunted. Everyone starts having horrible nightmares and then the bodies hit the floor. I found the build-up to the scary parts a bit slow, you spend the first half of the game pretty much doing mundane things like heal a polar bear. When things begin to reeve up it doesn’t last very long because the game ends, it’s not very long. Overall it wasn’t a bad story but the characters could have used more fleshing out and the horror part needed some work.As the genre suggests, you play the game entirely with your mouse by pointing and clicking things. It’s how you grab objects, solve puzzles and interact with people. Some puzzles require you to also type in answers with your keyboard. The gameplay is a bit clunky, I found myself confused a lot of times because there wasn’t always much direction on what I should do next. Clicking on Rune gives you a bit of a hint but sometimes it was enough. Some of the tasks and puzzles were also dull, like making a birthday cake. And the times where you have to input and answer sometimes just resulted in guessing or using a guide. One thing I did like is that Rune would not pick up objects he didn’t need at the time, like when you first find the maple syrup he just comments on it, you can only pick it up later to bake the cake.The graphics in the game are ok, but dated, and the cut scenes look worse than the ingame artwork. Compounding the lack of a horror element, anything remotely scary in the game didn’t really come off as such due to the artwork and mediocre cutscenes. When characters talk you get speech bubbles with a 2D representation of them which I enjoyed. The music is fine and fits everything that is going on. The game is also fully-voiced in English. I personally had no issues with it, and thought the cast did well.ProsOverall presentation looks good.Decent graphics and creepy music.Interesting facts about Inuit culture.It has trading cards and achievements.ConsShort and a bit pricey.No real horror element in the game.Needs more character development.WhileAlpha Polaris : A Horror Adventure Gameisn’t perfect and not much of a horror game, I still enjoyed playing it. The story was good but the ending was underwhelming. The game has Steam trading cards and challenging achievements so it’s a good title if you enjoy those things. The original price tag of the game seems a bit steep and I would not buy it for that price. I’m glad that I picked it up on sale and do recommend you do the same when it’s at a good price.Usagi’s RatingMust buy.A good game to buy.Only buy if on sale.Mediocre.Avoid at all costs.For more recommendations and reviews on our favorite up and coming quality games followSUPER Giveawaysgroup curationshere!"
,Recommended,405780,18673891,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Mercemidi,"This game has everything I love - point and click, a bit of horror, and a lot of fun. I would definitely recommend it to any point and click lover."
,Not Recommended,405780,32369962,Posted: 12 June,all,MAriskaDeville,"https://youtu.be/57swwclLwKQThis is one of those games I just want to love because of the setting. Basically its a homage to 'the thing' and that alone will catch many players attentions. It did mine.Sadly the implementation lets the game down. So to start with the graphics are decent but nothing outstanding. The characters and animations are pretty clumpy but at least the voice acting is decent (but not oscar worthy). Admittedly the cutscenes are nicely done, but the max resolution of the game is 1280*720 with black boarders around the display. Not a good impression. At least the controls and UI are pretty decent.And then there is the game itself. Although tagged as horror, there is very little horror in the game. In fact by the time the 'horror' starts happening, the game is nearly over. The puzzle elements are also sometmies confusing especially the text parsing puzzles, and one puzzle involves baking a cake. No I'm not joking here - baking a cake is a puzzle.So all in all, it really is a bit of a wasted opportunity with the excellent setting and vibe. Its not an awful game but one that perhaps only dedicated point and click fans will get the most out of. For horror fans or fans of 'the thing' its is a pretty forgettale experience IMHO."
76561198101630394,Not Recommended,405780,19793779,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Ninjaman16782,"Alpha polaris is truly an interesting beast.  It is a point and click ""Horror"" game that was very underwhelming. Here is whyFirst off, the controls. Obviously, a point and click game does not have the most intricate system of controls, but none the less there were some problems here. Interacting in the game could be difficult, as when you try to select an item you often will leave a room instead, forcing you to go back and try to select the item again. It can happen four or five times in a row depending on which item and room it is. On top of that, the loading screens in between rooms are ten to twenty seconds on average. This would not be a problem, except for the fact that you have to go through a black loading screen for every room.Second, the story. I will not go into the actual story too much as I want to avoid spoilers. My main problem is how unsatisfying the resolution was. After suffering through multiple days of loading screens, I was hoping for a lot more than what I got. It's sad, because the buildup was done well, however it seemed to rush the ending for whatever reason. What makes this more sad is that it has a very good story and story idea, but because of the games format it seemed to be held back. The game progresses through in game days, each days end marking a new progression in the story.And the gameplay, oh the gamplay. It was very good at times, but then you get things that are pointless or difficult, and sometimes both. Like baking dessert. In a horror game. Again, this would not be bad, but the item selection and loading screens make it feel like a chore more than a fun bit of filler. Some of the interactions are hard to figure out and some items hard to find/obtain. I do give it credit for not having the main character pick up things he does not need and just carry them around. This is mostly due to the self contained environment.My biggest problem though is that it just was not scary. Most of the scares were done in cutscenes, but they are easily (and sometimes accidently) skipped. The ones that were in game didn't have a great effect. And this is because I really wasn't able to connect with any of the characters. I don't even remember most of their names. And because this is not first person horror, I don't even really care about what happens to me. Because this is point and click, you can't even die, at least not as far as I can tell.Overall, the game was not horrible, but it needs work. Reduced loading screens and an increased ease of item interaction would make it much more enjoyable. Flesh out the story and you might have a great game. If you are looking for an interesting, albiet it frustrating, point and click, I would say check it out. If you want some scares, I don't think this is the game for you. I hope the game gets worked on and improved in the future, but for now, that's all I can say."
,Recommended,405780,28697479,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Mar044,"A short game but a good gem, it runs about the length of a episode of the walking dead, longer the first time around, has the feel of The Thing meets 30 days of night. Art is pretty well done, enough objects to click on in the world, which I like to see in point and click games, don't ask me why but I want to know about the things I click on.  Puzzles get you thinking; had to do a bit of back tracking to figure out the puzzles and admit I looked up 1 or 2 because I just couldn't figure out one of them, but vibe is great, won't spoil the story but by the near end of the game you get a real isolated feel to where it takes place.Will you get something out of it if you play it more then once, I don't know, will you have a good time the first time around, sure. I say buy."
,Recommended,405780,22602700,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,NIKO,"What I think makes Alpha Polaris a very good adventure game is that it has a lot more to offer than a story. Its story is based on genuine Greenland culture. We get to learn a lot about the job of an arctic biologist and prospection and esquimaux. Even the puzzles are tailored to the story, allowing us to immerse in the game even further.I highly recommend this game made by a few folks from Greenland that took this project from an idea to a fun game :)"
,Recommended,405780,30087757,Posted: 21 February,all,dairy farmer,"It's not bad, but some of the puzzles are a little obtuse. They make sense in a fashion, but mostly only in hindsight.Minor spoilers follow:For example, one puzzle has you carving a blank key using some deductive reasoning off of three other keys. In the end, you end up with a key like no key I've ever seen. Maybe it makes some sense if you have some knowledge of locksmithing?I mean, why was Tully carrying so many key blanks anyways? Wouldn't it have made more sense if the player were to find some documentation somewhere regarding the lock system first?The worst puzzles, by far, were the language deciphering puzzles.I spent years learning Chinese and linguistics, and that's pretty obscene as far as modern languages go. Years spent learning that language, and I still can't 100% reliably look at some new character and figure out its meaning.That's because one of the first things you learn in linguistics is that languages are arbitrary -- they're completely made-up. Languages have some logic, but mostly only to the people that created them. If they were 100% logical, then nobody would have trouble learning them.In this game, you're expected to deduce the meaning of some symbols based on a few clues. Even worse, it's a text input puzzle. Some of the symbols had a fairly logical progression to follow, but others took a bit of a stretch.So what happens? It becomes a typical adventure game puzzle of the player trying to figure out what clues the developer wants you to use. In the end, it just becomes a guessing game, because... well, that makes about as much sense as real-life languages, for better or worse.What's worse is that Rune, the main character, seems to know the right answer even if you don't. If you know the answer, Rune, give us a hand, eh? Maybe Rune should give up studying polar bears and become a linguist instead?Unless you really enjoy guessing games, keep a walkthrough on hand.I guess it's a kind of long-running adventure game joke to have ridiculous puzzles though, so I can't fault it too much. At least there was some attempt to use logic in the puzzles -- no rubber ducks here. For what it's worth, the language thing was a cool idea, even if I wasn't a fan of the execution.Overall, I mostly enjoyed the game despite its flaws, and most of the other puzzles were sensible enough. The in-game graphics are just fine, as is the interface. Voices are a bit too flat and monotone to be believable, but still serviceable. The 3D cutscenes are kinda goofy, as others have mentioned, but it might be a deliberate homage to older games from the 90s.I'm not sure if I really felt any of that ""slow burn horror"" though. The game's pretty short, and there were definitely some tenser moments, but perhaps it was the limitations of the game's engine, animations, and voice acting that hampered it."
,Recommended,405780,21455547,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,PaullieeTV,"Alpha Polaris, Is a fun and enjoyable Point and Click adventure game with a eerie atomsphere and a sinister story, Set in the cold snow of GreenlandThe 3D characters are what you expect from a Point and Click game from this current era, And the models ain't breathtaking but don't let this get in a way of a very enjoyable experience from any Point and Click fan, The music and even the backgrounds are absolutely stunning and make you forget and get lost in the game.The Puzzles are very logical there could of been maybe a few more, But then again there is a decent amount of story and puzzles so you have a even amount and not a game that is a puzzle filler.All in all i loved this game and recommend it for everyone+ Nice Music+ Spooky atomsphere+ Interesting story+ Awesome voice actors+ Stunning artwork--------------- Character models can be bulky and glitchy- Could of had a tiny bit more of a back storyhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_diYRmQT2GU"
,Recommended,405780,20248239,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,eevil.auntie,"This is... not a bad game. I really like the character designs. The plot and even the puzzles strive to be realistic, although based on the premise I was hoping I'd get to do more sciencey stuff. Sadly the game is very short and despite the gore and scares I wouldn't call it a horror game because there's pretty much no tension in the storytelling. I'd still recommend it because it does have a certain charm and atmosphere to it - though perhaps not for the full price."
,Recommended,405780,29865343,Posted: 11 February,all,j.mark.brooks,"Since there have been some negative reviews -- and I'm not sure why -- I thought I should write one as a corrective.  I will attempt to avoid direct spoilers in the review while hopefully still providing enough information to enable purchasers to have a fair chance to decide whether or not to purchase this game.This story is a mix of a visual novel and an adventure game.  The puzzles are logical but difficult because there are few clues and no ways of bypassing mandatory elements.  However, precisely because the puzzles are logical, they are not impossible.  It isn't a game you can stumble through, or randomly mix elements as in some pure adventure games.  The core of the game is to tell a story, and the puzzles relate to the story, so the reward for success is to progress with the story.  This is not like a mobile HOG adventure, it is not a casual game in that sense.  It is clearly a computer game.And, despite a mild environmentalist subtext, it is an interesting story.  I would decribe the story as traditional supernatural horror.  It doesn't try to explain away the supernatural elements;  Inuit mythology is involved and the result can feel very Lovecraftian, though this story is not Lovecraftian in the technical sense, since it involves an actual mythos rather than a created one, and the focus isn't some unbeatable cosmic horror from beyond human experience but one which is defined by a kind of human experience.  Bonus points for those who find that some aspects of the story remind them of a story-within-a-story found in Lovecraft's Call of Cthulhu.  The environmentalist subtext I mentioned isn't overdone and, in the end, it twists in a way that makes this anything but a ""green fable"".There is no graphic violence, though there is some blood, and violence and death do occur.  This is one mild sex scene and some brief nudity.  There is some bad language but it isn't overdone.  The events in the story relate to an actual known mental disorder peculiar to certain ethnic groups that live in the Arctic and sub-Arctic regions of North America, and that may be more disturbing for some people than others.  Stories that tie into real horrors always have that aspect.  I would consider this a PG-13 game, however, not an R.I recommend this game.  Particularly if you get it on sale as I did, it is reasonably priced.  It is true that it is short, but given how events proceed in the game this is not unreasonable.  I found the voice acting reasonably good and the characters were in my view believeable for the kinds of characters you find in traditional supernatural horror.  If you are a fan of traditional supernatural horror, adventure games, or more complex and interactive visual novels, you will probably enjoy this game.  If you enjoy something with more action than reflection, if you need your games to have a fast pace and not to require you to think too much, or if you are easily frustrated, this may not be the game for you.  Since the game ends as it does, there is room for a sequel, and while a sequel isn't required, I would be interested in one for this game if it comes available.  Depending on your ability with the puzzles, this game should be about 4-8 hours worth of play.  My suggestion is to take an easy pace and make frequent use of saves to avoid hanging yourself up on plot points."
,Recommended,405780,21296097,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Mr. Hugh Mannity,"Alpha Polaris is a third-person point-and-click horror adventure game developed by independent Finnish game studio Turmoil Games. The game relies heavily on the storytelling and while it does a wonderful job on it, the slow burn and difficulty of the puzzles aren’t for everyone, especially those used to a more action-oriented game. It may not be as scary as other horror games, but it has its moments of tension and manages to build up at an admirable pace. As it stands, if you’re a fan of Victorian or Lovecraftian horror, Alpha Polaris is a beautiful mix of the best of both worlds and for a first game by a small Finnish development team, this is a pretty impressive end result."
,Recommended,405780,20946439,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Al Ches,"Small & nice point & click adventure game.Story about what can go WRONG on polar station in a very bizzare way.I was very suprised by parser riddles and articles, how much information you need to analize to make right guess. For me all that text puzzles was not hard. I like that game has very significant touch on mythology of northern tribes. Also it's was not bad portraying everyday life of each member of station and their voiceacting. And dating with only one female person on station was not bad (also it's optional in progress, you can miss it if you want) idea at all.But some logic puzzles....was really troublsome. Among them of them was a master key riddle, cause I dont even imagine what ""Master key"" is, only information what I gets through the game was not enough for me and Triangulation task  (cause I really terrible in geometry). Only minus of this game I found only in clues to solving thoose two quest (I used walkthrough to complete them), all others was not hard.I must admit that game have it's charm. And wont thumb down on this game despite my troubles with walkthrough, cause I hope the Devs will create something even more bigger & more fascinating."
,Not Recommended,405780,25734039,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,GodotIsWaiting4U,"I want to like this game. I really do. It's a shame, but I JUST BARELY can't recommend it.This game moves slow, and the romantic subplot is a big part of the slowness, which is unfortunate since the romance really doesn't quite justify its presence. It's not that it's bad so much as it fails to integrate properly, feeling more like a distraction from the plot than a part of the plot. While the game still manages to create a few real moments of horror, it's all spaced out between so much banality.Whoever tagged this ""Lovecraftian"" fails to understand Lovecraft. It very superficially resembles Derleth's story of Ithaqua, but has none of Lovecraft's cosmicism. At no point do any of the humans in this tale feel insignificant -- if anything this game is bogged down by its obsession with the mundane frivolities of mankind.Horror and slow burns go together like chocolate and peanut butter, but you have to make the horror worth the burn, and the threat is ultimately just a little too pedestrian for that. The environmentalist themes are painfully heavy-handed, and what should be a work of art ends up feeling a little more like propaganda.""Art raises its head where creeds relax."" -- Friedrich NeitzscheFrom a technical standpoint, while most of the puzzles are JUST hard enough to make for a decent adventure game, the game throws in a number of parser puzzles where you are asked to TYPE an answer to a prompt. The prompt is usually hideously vague, and in many cases if you don't have a walkthrough you're screwed. So even from a gameplay perspective, this game just insists on sabotaging itself out of ""recommended"" territory. Also, while the game engine is gorgeous, the cutscenes look like something from the late 90s, so it's even sabotaging its own success from a graphical standpoint."
76561198029589072,Recommended,405780,25275983,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Goufy,"Pretty good short horror adventure game that has a ""cool"" (haha get it ?) theme that is similar to The Thing.It also is somewhat similar to The Mountains of Madness by HPL. I liked it, even if I completed it in one sitting.Some puzzles are veeery specific though"
,Recommended,405780,32754887,Posted: 24 June,all,Knote,"Wonderful game, wonderful story. Yes, the graphics may not be as high and fancy as some of the newer games. But I honestly love games like this and the styles they have. 10/10 will play again."
76561197993813623,Recommended,405780,22460228,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,marto,"Alpha polaris is an excellent game, the story is based on real legends and i found it captivating, the characters are well developped, the puzzle are not easy but logical. i loved playing it. great work from these indies developper."
76561198165561778,Recommended,405780,22915412,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Vinnie,"If you're a fan of classic point and click games you're in the right place, unless you want to solve every riddle without consulting a walkthrough. Why? Because the way some things work in Alpha Polaris are ridiculous. From the way triangulation works (stand in the correct spot to click on a compass multitool and get proper coordinates) to guessing words for the parser riddles, there are moments where you might wonder why it's done that way. On the other hand you get riddles where you pretty much get the step by step instructions on what to do, like with the Bombe Alaska recipe for Nova.If you don't mind the unbalanced riddles or perhaps you're a worker on the Arctic and know exactly how to triangulate an escaped polar bear's location, playing Alpha Polaris can turn out to be a great experience for you. Even though I was a bit disappointed with having to look up a walkthrough I did enjoy this game a lot.Since I like point and click adventure games very much, I found this to be a very nice title, especially when there's not that many quality games in this genre which are more recent. Alpha Polaris is a 2011 game, and if you're a fan of games like Grey Matter or Black Mirror, you shouldn't be dissapointed.As for the graphics, they are amazing when it comes for the locations and in-dialogue characters, and not so much for the 3D model of Rune.The main heroes and story are pretty interesting, especially the main hero, the Norwegian Rune, with his slight accent.I recommend this game especially to people who are looking for a fun and exceptional point and click adventure game."
,Recommended,405780,19778572,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,"Indy Croft, The Adventurer","I think that this game is pretty good. The storyline is pretty interesting, and it's  a short, relaxed click-and-adventure game that will still find ways to creep you out some. The soundtrack is pretty eerie, and the game is based off Inuit legend, so that's pretty interesting.But the puzzles are a bit too simple. So this game isn't for anyone who is into very difficult puzzles because this game does not provide them.Other than that, I do recommend this game."
76561198016989249,Recommended,405780,22500352,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,Alexander Mirdzveli,"I would highly recommend this game to anyone who yearns for good old adventures with great spirit and hard puzzles. Using word-based puzzles (like the one involving deciphering ancient writing) was a risky move for a modern game, but I personally liked it very much. Nothing can compare with the sound of hard nut cracking (especially after an hour of fruitless attempts).There was one thing that I found ridiculous - the puzzle with the key. I had to resort to the walkthrough to solve it, but even after that I had no idea why the combination was the door opener.Overally, the game is a great piece of art. Do not miss it."
76561198170045799,Recommended,405780,19668236,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Christovovap,"I could definitely recommend playing this adventure. Quite short (took me approximately 4 or 5 hours to finish) but very enjoyable. Story is catchy, interface is user friendly and most of puzzles are thought over and nice. Hope to see another piece from Turmoil Games in future."
,Recommended,405780,18939795,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,DistillazKazz,"Im a fan of Click & Point Adventure games (with the Monkey Island Series being my favs) & i thought this game was pretty good. I got through the game in about 6hrs but i was taking my time through it, interacting with different things & going through all the dialogue with the characters etc. Not really that scary but the atmosphere & story was good though, i  can definally see myself coming back to play this game again sometime soon :)"
,Recommended,405780,18891902,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,AndrewBesson,"Very good adventure game with a great atmosphere and soundtrack!The only minus is that the game is short as for the rest it is perfect point and click questwith interesting puzzles, good characters and nice voiceover!Totally worth buying and playing! 9/10"
,Recommended,405780,18705318,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Quizzle,"I wanted a game that I could play as a special halloween treat for the people who watch my videos! This sure is doing the trick xD.Alpha Polaris is a point-and-click horror adventure game that mixes elements of puzzle solving and horror together in a great environment. I feel cold playing it, and I get scared playing it at night LOL.I recommend buying it if you have the chance or playing it with a friend.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oh3QC98v2pw"
,Recommended,405780,25593999,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Lincoln Balloon,"Alpha Polaris is a decent but flawed game.To start with, let's look at the story.  You play as Rune Knudsen, a Norewgian 20-something biologist who studies polar bears.  As an environmentalist type, Rune doesn't quite fit in with the others at the research station, whose primary mission is to search for crude oil in the Greenland ice.  In broad strokes the characters are decently well-developed and contrary to what some others have said I felt that the voice acting was serviceable.  Nothing amazing, just serviceable.  Then again, I play adventure games for fun so I might have a higher tolerance for bad voice acting.The problems with the story come with how things are fleshed out.  Certain events feel like they're glossed over and never truly explained away or matter.  The game obviously takes inspiration from The Thing, being that it is set on a reasearch station in cold and isolated conditions.  But whereas that movie pulled off the paranoia extremely well, Alpha Polaris could have spent more time on it, building up to the inevitable breakdown.  As it is, the last part of the game feels like it happens a little too fast and the ending leaves something to be desired (it feels like something big is going to happen and then it just...doesn't.  It's hard to explain without spoiling the story completely).But in the end, the story is also serviceable.  It was compelling enough to make me want to complete the game.  It's the puzzles, the other main component of the game, that I have some serious gripes with.The game has the typical adventure game ""use item A on object B"" type puzzles, and for the most part those are okay.  It's Alpha Polaris' attempts to be different that end up causing the most problems.  It features what are known as ""parser puzzles"", where instead of using an object you have to type out the solution to the puzzle at hand.  Now, all of these are one word answers, so things could be much worse.  However, they can be maddeningly specific, which means that if you don't type out the exact word EXACTLY as the game wants it, you won't solve the puzzle.  Generally, once you understand the type of answers the game wants, the parser puzzles stop being such a pain.However, the game also fails in giving you clues to solve the puzzles.  You can click on Rune for ""hints"", but the hints are literally just him telling you what your objective is, not a clue on how to solve it.  This makes the puzzles like the key puzzle on Day 3 ambiguous and irritating.  And even when it gives you clues, they're often a little too vague.  For example, I didn't understand that the parser puzzles only wanted one word answers at first because in the second parser puzzle, which involves decoding symbols on an ancient piece of animal hide, doesn't make that very clear.  The game gives you a clue in the form of an article but the article isn't very specific.  The game explained that the three symbols I needed to translate, when enclosed in a circle, make a specific message.  But it never explained that each symbol represented one word on its own.  So it took a series of random guesses before I figured that out.And this lack of explanation messes up a lot of the puzzles, even those that should be rather simple.  The game starts off fine enough, with a simple and easy-to-follow puzzle involving sedating a polar bear and examining it, but after you're done with that the difficulty seems to spike abruptly.  This wouldn't be so bad if the ""hints"" Rune gave you were actually hints, but they're not.  So the game leaves you stumbling a lot wondering just what exactly it wants you to do.  If the story was anything less than what it was I might not have wanted to finish the game.In the end, Alpha Polaris is a decent game.  Would I recommend it at ten bucks?  Maybe.  Honestly I bought it on sale for like three bucks so my view on that matter is a little skewed.  In any case, it's worth a look for adventure game fans.  It might not ""wow"" you, but it's still an enjoyable little romp through a setting that isn't used often anymore."
,Recommended,405780,28312795,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Kitty,"Got it for 70% off and well worth it.  Interesting, unique subject matter.  Recommended for fans of more cerebral point and click games."
76561197994971393,Recommended,405780,25704230,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Occupant,"Surprisingly decent. This game is well concieved and well written. The story is interesting and creative. I enjoyed the incorporation of some of the more obscure myths of the world. The gameplay is smooth. This game has several convenient features that are not unique, but still appreciated. For example, being able to double click transitions for faster progress is a nice feature, as is the ability to highlight interactive objects. The hints are also well done.One feature that was more unique was the text suggestion feature. That proved to be a very difficult puzzle more often than not, but it was a clever idea and produced some problem solving that I haven't often seen in a P&C game."
,Not Recommended,405780,25655535,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Alloytrident,"This game is a good game for a few hours of fun. Getting this game for sale is the only thing that made it worth it for me.The game has a brilliant premise and the story at the first half is laid out well with the first puzzle being easy enough to get used to controls and latteral thinking but not too simple to bore the player in the beggining. the first half of the game until you go off base (intentionally left vague as to not spoil the game) is brilliantly structured and is interesting. The dream states are curious and are actually disturbing thereby contributing to the horror aspect.The middle however. How in the blazes do you eplain that.The middle is like the roller coaster you get taken up hiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiigh and then you hit the drop. FAST. it went down hill faster than a pigeon who suddenly had a bowling ball teleported into it's stomach.The story basically deterioted after the middle. the characters seem mundane, the story just has everything hit the fan at once. it just seemed to finish too quickly as if they ran out of time, this game honestly just needed a few months extra work at the end but like college students they blew the end of the game.NOT TO MENTION THE RANDOM SEX SCENEYes you read that right, there is a random sex scene between the protagonists. This is not really a problem other than the fact that it is very well illustrated but that one of the main protagonists who is displayed as self sufficient and being incredibly strong minded actually becomes the helpless woman in the end.The cotrols are intuitive and are easily understood. The puzzles do require lateral thinking but are not unamanageable.In conclusion MEH."
76561198040787528,Recommended,405780,26321631,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,rustafaa,Nice oldschool point-and-click adventure with polar base theme. Too short on the other hand.
,Recommended,405780,28110556,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Rooty Rootz,"When I first finished the game I was very let down by how weak the payoff felt after a lot of really great, slow-burning buildup. But I thought about it for a couple days, and I really think it was a pretty interesting quick little story. It's kinda bad in a few ways, though. The solutions to the puzzles sometimes make no sense, the writing is hit-or-miss and the cutscenes are hysterically bad. On the other hand, the atmosphere is good and it's genuinely interesting when the plot is actually moving. I liked the characters, the setting and the science elements.It's not extremely scary, by the way, it's more just kind of creepy. Especially onceyou realize that it's impossible to die.It would've been interesting if they marketed it as just an adventure game so that when the horror events go down it's suprising and more effective as such.Anyway, get it on a sale if you think you're patient enough."
,Recommended,405780,30790282,Posted: 28 March,all,matmohair1,"realy well made, excellent theme and atmousphere too."
76561198184557295,Recommended,405780,31287537,Posted: 21 April,all,lizardo,"Really great game. A little buggy, but overall -- engaging story, great characters, and beautiful visuals."
,Recommended,405780,34737420,Posted: 4 September,all,Criwall,"There are many things to like with Alpha Polaris, but it doesn't work all the way. First of all, the graphic style is really ugly. It's full on uncanny valley with the emotionless character models and stiff animations, and the backgrounds are decent but some things you use are very hard to see. This is a time where pixelart would have made a huge difference and made the entire experience a lot more enjoyable. Because the overall plot (while fairly short) is pretty good. The ""supernatrual things happening on a remote research station"" is not the most unique of ideas, but it works. The writing is prettt good but the plot moves to fast, having the plot take place over a few more days and have some more character development would have med the end ressult better.The puzzles are for the most part the usual point and click. There is not that much moon logic, but there are still some pretty obtuse puzzles with contrived solutions. The entire station is very small, about 10-12 rooms including the outside areas, so if you get stuck, there aren't that many areas you have to search, but some puzzles drove me nuts because the game wanted a VERY specific way of doing things. The other puzzles are when you are doing some deductions in your investigation and use a text parser to write words. I'm not entirely sold on that they are a good idea. But there are only a few of them. Overall Alpha Polaris is heavily flawed, but is barely a recommendation due to that the stoy had me interested the entire way and I'm a sucker for the setting. At least pick it up at the next sale."
,Not Recommended,405780,24227846,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Spike,"This game lacks in very important departments of the Point & Click genre:-Lackluster story with no real feeling of danger, a big no-no if you are selling yourself as a horror game.-Confusing puzzles.-Way short.-Plus, visually it looks like a PS1 game. That doesn't bother me that much, but there are nineties games that look better.I guess it would be an OK game if it was free-to-play, but it is not the case. Not worth the retail price."
76561198093417772,Recommended,405780,21191793,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,ofLegends,"I think the words ""horror"" and ""adventure"" in the title are misleading.I did have a couple moments of dread as in ""I hopeXisn't going to happen"", but I didn't really have any ""oh♥♥♥♥♥♥this is scary!!!!"" moments. However, that could just be due to the fact that supernatural stuff doesn't freak me out much -- I find it hard to really get into it when I don't believe it could actually happen. I also didn't really get a sense of adventure due to the fact that 95% of the game is spent in and around the same building. Basically, the game is a point and click escape-the-room type of game.Regardless, I thought the game was enjoyable and worth the money, and I can see how a lot of people would legitimately be freaked out by it. The story was well-written, and the puzzles were engaging. Overall, I'd recommend it."
76561197971269530,Recommended,405780,32771658,Posted: 25 June,all,deliamic,"Good build-up, recommended if you like a tale with some suspense for approx 4 hours."
,Recommended,405780,33942798,Posted: 31 July,all,Emzoeleenas,"Semi includes spoilers:Fun enjoyable game and not too expensive. The animated scenes could have had a lot better graphics tho and with the low quality graphics they shouldn't have tried to put in the mild sex scene, it just looked plain weird with the derpy graphics. Overall I enjoyed the game and the fact it brings in mythology, but nothing really shocked or wowed me. Also the puzzles were anoyingly hard becasue they don't really give you anything to go off of.Overall ambience was good and the story was good, just not great or amazing."
76561198062837507,Recommended,405780,33008921,Posted: 29 June,all,captawesome17,"This game is definitely worth a go-around for fans of point-and-click games.  It is, as other reviewers have mentioned, very short--would easily take under two hours to complete if you didn't bother exploring and went to a walkthrough every time you got stuck on a puzzle.The puzzles were the most enjoyable part of the game for me (the atmosphere being a close second).  They were varied and many...and by many I mean virtually every action you have to complete in the game feels like puzzle-solving.  Some were more frustrating than others, but there were usually enough subtle hints to follow.  I spent a good amount of time wandering around cluelessly at first, but it's not too tough to figure out how the game ""thinks.""  From there, things fall into place more readily.  And if you get completely lost, clicking on your character reminds you of your current task.  Always a nice touch.Bare bones of the story were very interesting, history and mythology and all that.  Really wish there had been time to delve deeper into it.  Actual execution, not my favorite.  Characters were a bit one-dimensional, bordering on tired stereotypes.  The only horror element for the first 2/3 of the game is a few spooky noises.  And the love story really watered the whole thing down for me.  Very glad I gave it a shot and I may return to it, but probably best picked up on the cheap due to its length."
76561198000088094,Recommended,405780,18979927,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,GOObER,"It's a good game but can be overly frustrating at times. Trying to do the simplest things leaves you navigating the clunky inventory scheme - You know what you want to do but if you don't do it in the right order and in the right way you hit a wall.The puzzles are hit and miss - some easy and some difficult and some just plain unexciting. The first few days are rather dull but the setting has to be created I suppose. Overall the isolated setting and horror theme save it from what it truly is - just a very ordinary mouse click adventure.For the price, though, you could do worse."
76561198031994154,Recommended,405780,32903685,Posted: 27 June,all,vegard,"This game was surprisingly entertaining. Graphics are nice (Although very sparsly animated), voice acting is workable and the game manages to stage a ""The Thing""-like athmosphere.Initially I liked the pacing, it starts out with more or less mundane tasks and slowly evolves into a horror mystery as the clues begin to unravel. And then, just as things are getting exciting, it is all over. The ending feels very rushed, I feel that both characters and the mystery itself deserved a more fleshed out one.3.5/5."
,Not Recommended,405780,33553687,Posted: 15 July,all,Uyulala,"I had high hopes for this game and I was so bitterly disgusted and disappointed. You'd think it was made way earlier than just 2015 from the barely decent 3D models. I'd expect more from first-year art students. Some of the puzzles are okay, the rest are questionable and the ones requiring you to input words provide shoddy clues towards what those words are yet require you to be very specific.The story seems to have been written by a bunch of exciteable teenage boys who did some Wikipedia-ing on old and tired horror monsters and who wanted a horror story with some good ol' fashioned 1980s slasher♥♥♥♥♥in it - I swear you see the only female character there naked before you actually see anything scary, and some of the dialogue options and achievements surrounding her (you get to find some of her underwear in a suitcase and comment on them) are in poor taste and...... I'm not going to blather on, because the title just isn't worth it. Really just truly disappointing. That's the only word I can use. Don't waste your money folks.As for the devs - please take some time to mature before you make your next game. Brush up on your 3D skills and read some good horror novels for Odin's sake. As for your lady character, she wasn't treated the worst I've seen, but this sort of sexist crap was never fun, but for a 2015 release you're -really- pushing it."
,Not Recommended,405780,31506262,Posted: 2 May,all,Temper,+ cool story-short-some puzzles don't make sense
,Not Recommended,405780,29461408,Posted: 24 January,all,Verdantil,"Tags: Adventure - P&C - Point and ClickAdditional Tags: Delete Local Content & Remove from LibraryTLDR : A solid engine, and nice enough overall idea for a narrative made completely forgettable by mediocre voice acting, superficial character motivations, questionable writing level, a lack in quantity of musical scores, a rushed plot, few character developments and brickwall undecipherable puzzles using text boxes. The game will probably end before it wears you out, but it will also end before you can truly appreciate or enjoy it. A missed opportunity.Alpha Polaris has everything : environmentalism, scientific themes, dating, supernatural phenomenon, horror, its unfortunate that you will not get to experience any of it since the game will shift gear on you the moment you are used to a theme and setting. The game is an adventure game at heart, but it tries in a very weak way to offer rpg-style dialogue trees with diametrically oposing dialogue choices. Eventually the linear nature of adventure games overpowers this half baked feature rendering it meaningless, shattering the illusion.The narrative being told here, is all centered around a supernatural event, and the setting is on an oil/research station in greenland/the arctic, which some pointed is reminescent of the movie classic : ""The Thing"". In comparison, alpha polaris has very little of the grit, and humanity of the movie, and comes across as overly clinical and generic.  This game game the main play area this familiar, functional, well laid out ""home base"" feeling. You will often have a vague idea on how to proceed but the game will want operations done in a very specific way to solve the puzzle, sometimes involving clicking on multiple scenery hotspots along with an item or yourself. Many puzzles include a : ""Guess what the developper chose as the right answer"" text parser. A walkthrough is nearly mandatory to avoid stalls due to badly thought out puzzle mechanics.It has some good ambiant music, however its not always present, and you will spend a fairly large portion of the game with no background music at all. The game engine is fairly beautiful, and the use of visual-novel style drawings of the 3d models for dialogue is a classy touch. The writing is not very credible or impressive, and the voice acting is mostly mediocre across the board, with one character standing out as being decent to average. Unfortunately that character is not protagonist.Perhaps if the game had taken its time to tell the story it wanted, adding more drama, some better time to relate to the different characters, and fleshening out the supernatural elements in a more gradual way, this could had built up the tension, and really been a very nice game. But as it stood, it felt like a campfire story, and I felt like I had more of a relationship to the cozy small research building than any of the other protagonists."
76561198011039481,Recommended,405780,21368699,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,gruffgigiolo,"great game! if you like sherlock , Lost crown or Broken sword this is the game for you!"
76561197989051249,Not Recommended,405780,29827132,Posted: 10 February,all,DANDOMINO,"Well, you get whats adveritised.Theres puzzles, mystery, murder and a hint of HP Lovecraftian Horror.However, these are so limited and small, its hardly worth recommending.It might entertain you for a while, but the journey and story have been done 100s of times before, longer, better and more enjoyable elsewhere. Theres plentiful interactions in many other adventure games. Just not this one.Its very bland. The puzzles are very few in number, and the interactions with NPCs are very limited too.Theres only 5 characters you speak to, and each of those is not very extensive.The biggest challenge/puzzle was baking a cake. Not quite what you want in a Murder Mystery Lovecraftian horror game.Still, it has a semblance of effort for story, and the horror is slightly horrific I suppose.So buy it and waste some time if you have nothing else to do, but watching a wall age is slightly more entertaining, just."
76561198071569575,Not Recommended,405780,29848488,Posted: 11 February,all,mathias.permlid,"I hate to write a negative review but I have to.The game starts off with a build up - which unfortunately lasts half the game. It basically consists of two long puzzles: looking at a polar bear and baking a cake, which apparently is quite a complex puzzle... Throughout the game I found the problems to be hard and not enjoyable.The second half of the game is ok-ish, but apart from one character I just couldn't really care about the fate of the characters, including the main. It's not scary enough or long enough. It felt like they were planning for the game to be a lot longer, but didn't have time - that's why the first part is as long as half the game and the second feels rushed.TLDR: generally hard puzzles that I didn't enjoy. Bland characters and the scary part isn't long enough or scary enough."
,Not Recommended,405780,33621352,Posted: 17 July,all,ebicar09,"This is really a below average point and clicker. I don't care about the graphics, they were fine and honestly these games never have great graphics. The story was just not great, or at least just not well told. It wasn't very scary, and was really spoon fed to you very quickly. It's a pretty short game, which isn't always a bad thing but in this case it just felt under developed. Credit to the devs for a mostly original idea, and the dialog was very well written as well. It just wasn't very engrossing."
,Recommended,405780,20258260,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,The Fifth Horseman,Well done over all (if short).Mileage may vary about the horror elements - on some occasions things are less scary than they seem to hae been intended.
76561198025500477,Not Recommended,405780,22001809,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,fluttahkitty,Not a terrible game but not as exciting or indepth as I was hoping the writing would be. Mostly a simple game but some puzzles would probably throw a lot of people off as they don't seem to make a ton of sense or give hints if you don't know about certain chemistry/machinery.
,Recommended,405780,21523697,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,korefuji,"pros- good story/lore- decent graphics- good music- nice logical puzzles that aren't too vague or obscure- interesting dialogue choices (don't think it affects the ending)- decent length - took me about 6-7 hours give or take- tense atmosphere- reasonable bargain pricenegs- terrible 3d cutscenes circa 1999- some really cheesy moments- needless vouyerism/nude moments (I don't care, just a warning for kids)Overall: A really enjoyable point and click adventure, with few negatives."
,Not Recommended,405780,23674658,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,White Kamikaze,"Just completed this game, as it was recommended to me numerous times and has so many positive reviews.And it's horrible. You see, games like this one - they do not offer much in the gameplay department, so they have to have either a good story, good puzzles, or both. This one has neither. The puzzles are not hard - just tedious, and the story is a big mess of boring characters and failed attempts at horror.Oh, and there is also an environmental message stuck in there somewhere, which sounds basically  like 'Oh, you found oil? YOU ARE KILLING THIS PLANET!' Yup, the writing is THAT bad and pretentious. When an antogonist tries to lure you to the darkside by promising you will be able to 'save bears', and it's not even campy but tries to sound serious and dramatic... I mean how can you make somethig like that NOT sound funny? This game made me facepalm so hard I broke my nose and knocked out 3 of my teeth."
76561198014058117,Recommended,405780,18800421,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Sverth,Cool game
76561198017813557,Not Recommended,405780,26327352,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Shadow Phantom,"A point and click adventure game that pays homage to ""The Thing"", one of my favorite horror movies, I thought ""yes plz"".However there is no hook for me in this game.  The puzzles are logical and hard. I normally play this genre to veg out.I don't mind Indie games and this really is one. However its not polished. The voice acting is pretty good. The atmosphere is dull but it is the Arctic how exciting is that? I don't really care about any of the characters.I just can't force myself to play this anymore."
76561198157841109,Not Recommended,405780,24696730,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,"Jade ""Princess"" Mew","The game was enjoyable, but my reason for not recommending it, is because it felt as though it was lacking many things.The story was good, but far too short. There are many short games out there that are fantastic, but this game needed more to it."
76561198084706816,Not Recommended,405780,22383894,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,Elena,"Not only did I buy this game for myself, I also got it for a friend so we could both play. I have not been able to play at all! From not being able to open it to it being too big and not able to minimize to play... Just overall disspleased. Major thumb down!"
76561197984576500,Not Recommended,405780,22571474,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Moonshadow,"This game will not run in full screen only a small centre window, and I mean small."
,Not Recommended,405780,21683801,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,cW,"This is so poor i quite frankly have problems deciding where to start.Awkward controlsSlow story progressHorrible acting/voiceovers/script (e.g. the pronounciation of the main character's name)I can see that it packs a lot of potential, and I would be eager to explore it more if it wasnt for all the annoying bugs (or, not bugs, just poorly designed features). Right now, after 2 hours of this, I felt more tempted to bang my head against the wall than playing this game."
76561198121981963,Not Recommended,405780,23562625,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,DrunkenCalgarian,"Bad graphics combined with mediocre dialogue (surprise suprise it was made by a Finnish company), bad puzzles, sorta clunky controls, a weak story, and not a whole lot of places to explore makes this a dull 4 hour point and click game. I have played better flash point and click games that were free.The graphics remind me of those ♥♥♥♥♥♥ 3D porn ads that you sometimes see with some stupid JRPG overlays when you talk to people.Don't waste your money and go play The Wolf Among Us or something."
,Recommended,405780,20465266,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Hawk Zombie,"The game time is a bit less than my total played, as I had to play a few things over again (as well as rush through the entire game to get the parser achievement).For the most part, aside from counter-intuitive achievements, I enjoyed the game quite a bit. It suffered from a lagging second act that ended up turning into a heavily rushed third act.The parser puzzles were vague, and you had to REALLY dig to find the answers (I didn't find them very forgiving at all) and the generator puzzle was...well...again, puzzles should be logical, and rely on the player's knowledge of the game world.Other than those hiccups, it was something I enjoyed and reccomend getting, definately on a sale."
76561198054291418,Recommended,405780,20451575,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Ellaliini,"The story, setting, characters and music were very enjoyable. The animations don't look so great, but it doesn't take away from the great atmosphere. The puzzles were a bit different than usual at times. The only downside is that after building suspense for a while, the story starts to accelerate really fast and it's not long until the end after that, longer and more even build-up would have been better."
76561198009903018,Recommended,405780,25374152,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Corwin86,"A short adventure/horror game, but quite enjoyable.Nothing more to add, you can find a lot of info about it on Steam or elsewhere.I truly suggest it: it's worth his price."
76561197982184019,Not Recommended,405780,25421152,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,LakLuster,"I respect that this game was made by a small team, but that does not make it a good game.For being a horror adventure there is zero atmosphere and the 'evil' in the game is barely fleshed out.No tension, bland story, and weak puzzle solving all around.At least there's a hilarious sex scene?"
