user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198013027885,Recommended,406130,20782049,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,JayPi,"This game is suprisingly challenging in a good way, I came in expecting another cheap indie title that wouldn't give me much of a challenge or I could just breeze through to kill some time...but man was I wrong and i'm glad I was.Dark Maus is like a top down version of Dark Souls except you play as a mouse fighting off various other deadly creatures from other rodents, spiders, birds....and even bulls? Yeah it's a little out there but it's all in good fun and challenge more than anything, each weapon feels different enough to the point where you need to switch up your weapons and magic fairly often to take down certain enemies, along with just carefully planning your stikes, blocks, and dodges, there's nothing more terrifying and satisfying than being swarmed by a bunch of black widow spiders only to barely kill them all....then resting and they respawn....Really one of the most interesting things about the games is how you feel like it's just a normal type of game where you just need to get to the end but the thing that kinda threw me for a loop was meeting another character who I was to escort to a village, and once I got her there I was told more of the backstory of the game and it was completely optional to keep talking to her and getting another quest, a small detail but very interesting to me personally.I could tell you more but that would kinda ruin the suprise and charm.All that said, i'm loving the game so far, pleasently suprised, and i'll be playing more of it!"
,Recommended,406130,21158109,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Saph,"Darkmaus is a pleasantly surprising start to the indie year, the game draws heavily from the Dark Souls games and has the difficulty of one to boot. There is a good amount of content and replayability, especially for the £6.99 price tag. Not to mention the game is still being worked on to squash out a few bugs other people (Not me.) have been experiencing.You are a maus (German for mouse, credit goes to Othrandur for pointing that one out.) who wakes up on a shore next to a boat armed with a toothpick and a shield. Your first move is to explore the surrounding area and try to find some purpose whilst learning the basics and fending off bugs, arachnids, other maus and various other eldritch horrors.As somewhat of a Dark Souls veteran, I personally feel that the game does a good job of maintaining the atmosphere of the source material while still presenting new and often challenging elements throughout the experience. The game is not exceptionally long, however there is plenty of content that will have you hugging every wall looking for secrets. Being heavily exploration based you may find the world to be a bit overwhelming early on, but just keep checking that map and you're bound to discover a route you previously missed.The combat is weighty and fairly simple once you get used to it, there are a few imbalances here and there (Almost exclusively in the player's arsenal.) but it's easy enough to learn with a little patience. The biggest change in the Dark Souls formula to me is the frequency of bonfires and the scarcity of healing items. Often each area will serve as a test to your abilities, pushing you to do better in order to succeed. Healing items are extremely sparse and should be used accordingly as a result, always try to keep a couple handy for reviving friends.The selection of weapons is widely varied and most weapons offer something unique to them. This serves to add variety to the combat and differentiate weapons in the same classification from one another. My favourite example is the scimitar, which swings faster after each successive hit. The Katana has more base damage, but I really enjoyed getting behind some bosses and comboing their butts to death.The most recent patch at the time of writing this added a quick heal feature which was highly requested from fans (Myself included.) which is a welcome change. Healing items are still rare, however you no longer have to access the inventory mid battle to use them. This small change shows that Daniel (The bloke who made the game) listens to his feedback, something many AAA developers could stand to learn from.TL;DRIt's like Dark Souls with mice and simpler two-dimensional combat, if you like the Souls series or just challenging games in general then I highly suggest checking this game out."
,Recommended,406130,20793763,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,ArcaneMonkey,"Pros:Relatively intricate level design for a top-down 2D game.The variety of weapons and trinkets you can find in the world keep me wanting to explore.Combat mechanics are solid, very familiar to anyone who's played a souls gameCons:Though the aesthetics are good, they can be a bit muddled for gameplay.  Items and the stamina gauge don't stand out as much as they should.2D top down view makes certain enemies' attacks difficult to see.Unlocking weapons requires you invest levels in certain skills, which up to a certain point provide no benefit beyond being able to use that weapon.  it can be frustrating to put points in a weapon skill only to find out that you don't like how the weapon works.In short: What you see in the trailer is pretty representative of what you'll get.  It has some frustrating issues, but nothing that's a deal-breaker."
76561198277984478,Recommended,406130,32483752,Posted: 16 June,all,TemmieNeko,"Somewhat frustrating at times when you're definitely blocking, but still get hit, or trying to move around spikes that are so close you have to literally move at a snail's pace to make it through.It's a decent challenge, and good atmosphere as well, but somethings are a bit unfair - like the giant clusters of spiders that you have to dash at twice to kill in the early part of the game, you can easily be killed by them due to the awkward dodge mechanic."
76561198037669978,Recommended,406130,20839021,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,Vaenis,"It's an humble game but it's surpringly good for what it is.Combats are challenging, most of the enemies are tough and require you to take real care at their patterns in order to be defeated without harm. The level design will usually place you in really tense situations where you'll most likely die and learn from your mistakes. In fact, most of the progression in the game will come from you, learning of the enemy and their placement, along with a few, really handy perks that will allow you to have ghosts like minions or better dodging (which is crucial if you want to survive).Though leveling your character can feel a bit weird and even frustrating early on, for you really don't know what to upgrade at first. Most of the weapons dps or efficiency will be based on skills relative to specific weapons types, which makes you really hesitant in what to specialise because the game doesn't really give you clue of what will be best at use. For example i started by really focusing on spears and some mobility until i realised that most boss fights were better handled with long or great swords. Also i felt like the bow was really unworthy other than in locations that you already known, unless you spam randomly at the distance hoping to hit something that won't punish you after that.But in overall the game feels decently balanced. Weapons brings their own playstyle, some being safer than others.The game have some good ideas too, especially the ghosts followers and the way it tackles story and quests. Loved the pacing and attention to details, from the light radius effect tied to your torch to the small foot prints displaying where you already go and stuff like that.But to be fair, what really makes the game is the atmosphere, which is gorgeous ! It's dark, mysterious and have moments of thrill that will make you shiver and progress with caution. I especially love how you go from an underdark cave that feel claustrophobic to a suddenly wide plain with a strong breeze. Makes you really paranoid to what you might encounter from any direction.My only few complaints would be that, well i found myself getting disoriented quite often and had to rely heavily on the in-game map due to the art-style of the game. I mean, i don't blame the artistic direction that i find really good, to be honnest. Just that even if there's attention to details that helps bring some personnality to a few places, the black and white look get a bit unclear at some points.The Maniability can be really abrupt sometimes too, stuff like dodges or attacks that doesn't always work in close combat even with a good stamina on, or even occurs twices when you didn't meant to. It usually happens when launching an attack, while the character was preparing to swing, if you happen to hit the trigger again.Also i admit that sometimes i just killed my character so i could proc the two ghosts follower to make the playthrough a little easier, for there's some really unfair moments here and there. It's also sad that the huge amount of campfire feels a bit like a way to compensate the low amount of healing items, and that using inventory in combat is just impossible.Lastly, there's a lot of details that will look like a Darksouls copy paste. Which i don't really complain since i like that game a lot. But still, you got bonfire and pyromancie and undeads and the UI and buttons placement... i can't help but feel a bit sad that it reproduces a concept without really improving on it or go a little ahead.I always felt that most of the souls serie gameplay mecanic were strongly tied to the lore of the game, from pyromancie being an art of using the flame within mankind and getting more powerful by feeding it or, the fact that you loose souls when you die because there's a thematic of going hollow and stuff like that. Dark Maus doesn't really seem to think or get that deep into that, even if the gameplay works fine.Also the music, while being well composed, can be a bit off sometimes.Besides, i really enjoy the game and will probably play it through NG+, just so i can see how the game react if i kill everyone (especially Anna, for she really kicker my♥♥♥♥♥in my first try because i friendly fired her a little too much >.<).It's pretty good, and since i always felt that there was too little RPGs with mices (being a fan of Mouse guard, Mice and mystics and Redwall) i'm just more than happy to have sweet title like these coming into the market place, and will gladly recommend it."
,Recommended,406130,20806934,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,(YouTube)Dragnix,"Target Audience:Those wanting a challenging 2D combat game that doesn't rely on overly complicated skills, but down to base weapon playSummary:Games that play off more famous games names usually send a big red flag for me, but Dark Maus and its similarities to Dark Souls feels justified here, and reasonable. The combat does a great job of providing a challenge for the player, and the gameplay is precise enough to reward smart and tactical movement by the player. The level design helps in providing wide open spaces when you need it (when facing enemies that charge you like bulls), but shrinks it down to small corridors to cause some claustrophobia as the traps and enemies surround you at every turn. The difficulty is high: and yet fair: not relying on tricks, but forces you to adapt to your environment. While some of the sound design needs a bit more impact and there's some goofy menu implementation, the game's weaknesses don't overshadow the core combat in any way. If you're looking for a 2D combat fix, you could do a LOT worse then Dark Maus, because it's got the combat down.First Impressions Video:https://youtu.be/ZuON7xzHZaMLists:+:Combat is surprisingly precise and makes the combat difficult and yet satisfying on several levels. Timing, luring, and good reflexes all play a huge part in being successful, and button mashing won't work ever. Technically, was surprised on how accurate the hitboxes were.Weapons and skills lead to variety in combat. Good enemy selection early on helps this along. Using skills wisely can help not only through combat, but in exploration sections as well.Boss battles were memorable, forcing you to use what you had learn up to that point in new ways.The aesthetic may be simple, but it captures the loneliness of the world and the dire circumstances the world is in. In particular, I love the lighting affects in the game, never knowing what's around the corner, and how it causes even more tension.Level Design does a great job of complementing combat as well, making the situations a bit more tense with strategically placed traps and claustophobic conditions.Ok, the name is appropriate for the game.-:The menu implementation needs work, especially with the map. It became a huge chore to bring it up via the controller implementation. Maybe a mini map would have worked better.The sound design could use some improvements. Turning off the sound entirely didn't seem to have any effect of the game's combat.There seems to be a lore here....I just wish there was more story.You'll get lost, and the map implementation doesn't help. It becomes a little bit more of a problem because enemies respawn."
76561198087892334,Recommended,406130,20819017,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,FunWithGuns,"Dark Maus is an top-down action game with a lot in common with dark souls. It has plenty of things that make it unique, however, such as the Death Echo and ability systems, the fighting style, and the art.Pros:-Fighting is fun and varies greatly from enemy to enemy-The Ai is intelligent for what it is, and forces players to try different items and strategies. I often found that the harder enemies were more sneaky and skilled than I was, and had to return later when I'd gotten better.-Level design and enemy placement is very well done, and captures the feeling of relief/surprise when finding a shortcut in the original Dark souls. There are also some enemies that, when defeaten, change the dungeon in some way, which is neat.-When the player is killed, they are ressurected along with a ""Death Echo"", a ghost of your former self that retraces its steps and battles enemies along the way. It's a nice way of making sure players don't get stuck in hard areas, as you can make sure your ghost hoard is carrying the weapons that will benefit you the most (by dying while wielding them) and power through tough spots.-The dev (yep, singular) is very helpful and dedicated to his game, and is trying to work out any problems players reportCons-It's a bit rough around the edges. Music will cut out and restart randomly, there's no real title screen,  and there are a number of bugs (most of them harmless, but some frustrating) that I've run into. After the most recent patch there have been a fair bit of crashes as well, although I feel that those will be solved relatively quickly.-The game seems pretty heavy on CPU usage and could use some optimisation.Overall, it's a challenging, fun game that's experiencing the few hiccups that follow any game release. I wholeheartedly recommend it, but if you don't want to deal with these early bugs I'd put it on your wishlist and check back in a few weeks."
76561198010607721,Recommended,406130,21018951,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Dingding,"453 deaths.  In under 10 hours.  I beat dark souls three times.Welcome to DeadMaus!The biggest difference between this game and dark souls is the ability to not die!  There are five primary reasons as to why you will die in deadmau5:- no estus flasks; you'll find items that heal you but they are all consumed- the vision is limited not only by your screen, but you can't see anything that's not lit up by a light source; this game is dark in a very literal sense of the word- Traps.  Are.  Everywhere.- 90% of the time, you will not see the traps (that.  are.  everywhere.) until you spring them- the enemy AI's are evil geniuses operating under the evil power of the evil Mother Brain evil evilAnd yet, after all all of this death, I still recommended this game!  Dark Maus is not fun because it directly mimics the Dark Souls games, but because it flawlessly emulates I Wanna Be The Guy via great use of the mechanics of the Souls series.  In consequence of using Souls's mechanics, the game offers plenty of replay value through its weapon variety, self-handicaps and how you take care of baddies.  And, because it's like IWBTG, you get to die a lot in a lot of hilariously unfair ways.  This game's a very odd kind of blast, but a blast nonetheless.Its only real shortcomings are its lack of story and its fairly plain (albeit spoopy) sound track.  But this game costs $10 and was made by one guy, so there's that.I definitely recommend this game to anyone looking to jump right into a challenging game for cheap, so long as they don't mind leaving behind their MLG KDR.8/10.  Jump right in!  Good times are to be had at a critter's expense!"
76561198028469611,Not Recommended,406130,20946142,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Shiloh,"***THIS IS A VERY LONG REVIEW/THERE WILL BE A TL;DR AT THE BOTTOM***After a much longer length of gameplay than expected, I'd finally completed Dark Maus, albeit with a sour taste in my mouth. Before you read, please know I am a veteran Souls player. I've spent, literally, thousands of hours in these games, collectively. Also know, that I don't see any of those four titles as perfect. Each one has some pretty strong weaknesses, but generally these are overlooked because the games are so well crafted. I strongly urge everyone AGAINST using this in reference to, or as part of the Souls series style of games. This game differs heavily and it's most prominent features make it more akin to a horror game with action/rpg elements.Dark Maus left a very sour taste in my mouth. The game started out great. A simple, yet elegant aesthetic, relatively tight gameplay, and it seemingly functioned well. I guess it was all there right? Absolutely not. The first few hours of this game are a sickening ruse.In my opinion, this game embodies what an outside perspective of all Souls titles is; no story, extraordinarily brutal gameplay, and absolutely no explanation of anything. These are the negative tropes that really drive people away, and yet they account for most of the game.Towards the end, the game's progression started scaling a wall and never stopped. Dark Maus went from reasonable to insane over the course of one level and never dropped difficulty. Packs of enemies fill rooms, TRAPS EVERYWHERE, tight spaces and terrifyingly aggressive, intelligent enemies. The second half of the game is a veritable gauntlet until the very last boss. The way these were combined made the game feel needlessly difficult. My only drive to finish was that I wouldn't let a cheap imitation beat me.Dark Maus feels like someone glossed over a list of items to cook a dish with, crossed off one line, and added a few odds and ends that were thought to liven up a dish;You. Can't. Do. That.There's a reason why Souls games work. Specifically because there are so many titles on that list and have only improved because of the design progression. For the most part, every subsequent title was an improvement in a core area of the game (I have slight hang-ups with saying that about Dark Souls 2. However, the DLC and SOTFS redeemed the game, albeit at the cost of almost two and a half games worth of purchases and another year's wait to get a functioning product, but I digress).^ ***To counter my above statement, in favor of the lone developer of Dark Maus, it is just one dude working here, I believe. Not a whole studio. So, he deserves some credit for making a pretty functional game solo, even if it did rehash most of it's substance from another game series.***Surely, you must be wondering how a game tanks so shortly into it's livelyhood. To give an abreviated list:-A lack of ways to counter obstacles (I.E. No backstabs or parries. Staggering is wonky and unpredictable outside exploits.)-A learning curve that evolves into a 90 degree angle at the drop of a dime-A poor iteration of existing mechanics from Souls games-What I can only assume to be less than thought out enemy progression/level design-Literally, no lore-An even worse direction than people perceive of Souls games-Generic and unrewarding boss style encounters (Only one boss was difficult. Artificially at that.)But it does things differently, and different isn't always bad, right? Perhaps some of the new iterations are positive? So, as an homage that chose to be brave and stray from the fundamental design, how does it differ? Well;-No on-demand healing. That's right. There is no one button command for healing. As far as I can tell, this was a purposeful feature. Dark Maus' lack of reliable healing was set in place to really instill dread in the heart of the player in combination with another mechanic I'll address shortly. This made each camp fire feel miles apart; contributing to a rather soul-crushing journey. Now, this would be great if tuned PROPERLY, as this became ferociously annoying. Dark Maus felt as though an estus flask system was intended and I believe would have enriched the game; creating a much more fair environment for new and veteran players alike.^ ***To amend the above, there are actually healing items in the game. However, they are VERY few and far between and only usable from the inventory menu which you cannot physically move while inside of. Also, the menus are a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥to navigate quickly, as they feel very flimsy and disorganized.***-Dark Maus features a semi-unique torch system. This torch provides light in the darker, and most dangerous, areas of the game. It functions on a timer; really reinforcing that dread, as you never know where the next fire to refresh your light, health, and spells will be. This is actually the strongest feature of the game. Souls could never pry that terror out of me. Dark Maus is ♥♥♥♥ing scary.-The Abilities system. Entertaining at first, grown stale by the end. Sadly, most of these are rendered useless. Only a few really matter and you get enough points to use all of them by the end. So, really they're kind of arbitrary. Honestly, these should have been trimmed down to a smaller list and incorporated as part of the base game design, rather than locking them away and saving them for later. For example: your standard dodge/dash action, which is your best buffer versus damage, has ZERO invincibility frames, as opposed to the natural I-frames given to you in Souls games. While this is quickly remedied through the abilities function, this shouldn't even be considered in the formula, especially when the entirety of the game is a more claustrophobic and hazardous version of another game that's already considered very challenging; favoring my above statement of the abilities being a poor system.-The world as a whole wants you to die. Seriously, Daniel, who hurt you, dude? I jest, but I've never felt more singled out and targeted before. The land will surround and wash over you with waves of unforgiving natives of a feral mindset. There is no reason, only death. So, this sounds a lot like Dark Souls, right? Wrong. The core difference is that the Souls games are designed with perception in mind. The top down style in combination with the torch system doesn't bode well for being alert to dangers. Most of my early game deaths were because I couldn't appropriately account for what was out of my vision. The game punishes you just for existing, where as Souls only punishes you for mistakes. The Souls series shows you everything, and allows you to react to it. That's a world of a difference.^ ***It should be noted that this is more of a design limitation. I could not expect the same level of detail from Dark Maus. However, it does show how taking 3/4 of a forumla and swapping it in where it might not belong inhibits a game.***So, there lie the key differences. Overall, not terrible iterations. In fact, this game could have been truly unique if Daniel had more time to polish it. Personally, I'm overjoyed to see large studios and indie developers alike take a crack at the Souls formula. It means I get to play more of these awesome games that I love. Especially, filling that void after Bloodborne: The Old Hunters and before Dark Souls 3.***TL;DR/FINAL VERDICT***6/10Dark Maus was a decent attempt at recreating the Souls style gameplay. However, ultimately it failed, in my eyes, due to being too quick to change certain things in the formula. I would only recommend this game to those who are truly curious and content to get a cheap Souls thrill. I don't recommend this game to anyone who hasn't been exposed to the Souls genre, because there is very little chance you'll reap any enjoyment out of this."
76561198038881703,Recommended,406130,20821637,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,ShadowStorm,Love the game a wish more Dark Souls like games existed! must own for any dark souls fan.
,Recommended,406130,20776214,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,HonestAvery,"It's very hard, yet rewarding. Fans of difficulty will enjoy this. The connection has been made before, and I think it's rather obvious, but yes this is a Souls-like game. I've only put shy of 2 hours into it hence far and most of that was spent going against Red-eyes, these vicious Mause* that are basically minibosses. Felt so good finally slaying them though.9/10, could use more cheese.*Credit to Spatz for the info!"
,Recommended,406130,30822913,Posted: 29 March,all,Beebz(accia),"dark souls but mouse, 10/10"
,Recommended,406130,20847107,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Soon...,"I'm only a couple of hours in the game and I'm already in love with it. Everything that I can say about it can be summarised into : If you enjoyed the Souls series, you will enjoy this game."
76561198020373551,Recommended,406130,21735407,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Lambda,It was a bit short but very nice and well made. I totally recommend playing it
,Recommended,406130,23947090,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,calibrojosh10,"What I LIKEDDark Souls style combat and difficulty translated to top down styleMusic is very atmospheric and moodyGood amount of weapons to choose from with different strengths and weaknessesWhat You Need to Know:The game is short, don't expect 30 or more hours out of it, but there is NG+ so, you can get double the playtime(new weapons, different enemy moves, locations)Despite the whole mouse style, which will throw alot of people off, the combat is good enough with polearms, great sword, long swords, bows, and curved swords to vary the combat upHealing in this game is a limited resource, not a refillable source like Dark Souls. So really only use it when you REALLY need it.You do most of your healing by going back to campfires and finding new ones. It does reset the enemies just like Dark SoulsThere are 5 bosses total in the game, the final 2 bosses were easy to me, never died once. The others ones were alot harder ( Probably because I understood the game at the end, and the upgraded gear too)When you die, you get a ghost to help you along the way, they can die quickly, but it's good to distract enemies do you can kill them. They don't follow you do bosses thoughMy Score:BPrice:$5Completed in:6 hoursGames similar:Dark Souls (duh)ApotheonSalt and Sanctuary"
,Recommended,406130,22649965,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Jåzzy,"DarkMaus is a Dark Souls inspired game about mice in a doomed land. The theme of desperation and futility is very apparent. Unlike Dark Souls, this game presents itself in a shaded black and tan art-style that works very nicely with the light mechanics.This game is hard, or at least it was for me. Enemies are far more agressive than the hollows of Dark Souls. They'll attempt to swarm you, they'll charge you when you're at your weakest. For example, an early enemy you encounter will dodge back out of your sword swings, then attempt to get behind you in a swarm. Some enemies will charge you if you attempt to turn tail and run away. Because of this, you are forced to play either very defensively OR hyperaggressively with shock-and-awe tactics.The game gives you a varitey of weapons, including spears, swords, bows, and pyromancy, though, some of them feel like direct upgrades of each other. This is a bit weird, considering DarkMaus has a weapon upgrading system where you invest resources you find in the enviroment to increase your weapon's stats. This can lead you to feel a bit cheated. Depsite this, most weapons have something they excel at, so as long as you like the mechanics of the weapon, it should be viable till the end.Light seems to have a bit of usefulness in DarkMaus. It isn't very apparent at first, but your torch has a lifespan and must be replenished at a campfire. Light reveals enemies farther away from your character, and I believe it also shows the stamina and health of the enemy (I might be mistaken). When the torch burns out, you won't be able to see enemies until you got close enough to aggro them. The light mechanic doesn't seem to be too much of an issue, as I rarely had a torch burn out on me.The biggest departure from Dark Souls is it's ghost mechanics. In racing games, a ghost is a copy of yourself that appears when you finish a lap. It is common in racing games to compete against your ghost, as it is a visual representation of your time on the track.In DarkMaus, after you aquire a certain item, you gain the ability to spawn ghosts. When you die, you respawn with a friendly ghost(s) who will aid you in your battles. I believe the ghosts have a mind of their own and will attempt to relive your death, meaning they will charge at the enemies that slayed you previously. I might be misinturpreting their actions; however, there are additional abilites that make the ghosts follow you more closely with additional health. I found myself with an entourage of mouse ghosts during the more difficult sections. Unfortunatly, these ghosts can not follow you into boss arenas.At times, you will also have an NPC with you. Their usefulness is questionable. They require a scarce healing item if they become wounded, and they are very suseptible to friendly fire. Their biggest benifit is that they can enter boss arenas, and there is some cool stuff with the story, but I won't get into that.Overall, I enjoyed this game. It took me about seven hours to beat it once, and there is a New Game Plus that has harder enemies and a few new weapons.I recommend this game to Dark Souls fans. It also has cute mice in it."
,Recommended,406130,22115622,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Tu🅱️es,"Ok, im going to write a review and im going to write a review thats not a stupid bs rant. This game is amazing. Using it to tide me over till Dark Souls 3, and i'd recommend it to people looking for something in the vein of a souls game."
,Recommended,406130,23777156,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,KittyKatKuddler,"Wow, this game is really well-designed.To be honest, I didn't expect much at first. I just liked the atmosphere and the soulslike approach the designer made to the topdown twinstick action game genre. I grabbed the game on summer sale and after having played it for the first 1 1/2 hours I must say that the designer did a great job in shaping this little gem. Of course you immediately recognise that the game is a low-budget title, but apart from that, the game does everything right.Transferring spooky atmosphere on mouse protagonists and animal scenery/feral wildlife probably was a tough job, but from the start the player feels some sort of claustrophobia in his torchlit circle, because you might never know what is around the next corner. Upgrading your attributes, skills, spells and items is crucial to advance. This is done by investing bone marrow you gather from slain enemies and by resting at campfires like you do in DS titles. The simplisic Hud and Inventory design is awesome and the gamepad controls are also well-implemented. The music and background noises add to the whole experience.Some additions would have been nice like a narrator or synch for the animals (at least the mouses) but it's understandable that these contents were cut keeping in mind that this game was mainly made by one person.I strongly recommend buying it now, but still for its full price, this game will please you.P.S.: You will die alot, so this game might be more for patient and thoughtful players like me than the Rambo player that is in search of a twinstick action game, so beware!"
,Recommended,406130,32744561,Posted: 24 June,all,Eskinor,"Games like this make me wish Steam reviews had a maybe / mixed option. It's not a bad game but I don't really think it's for me, the game does some interesting things like the vision cone and the ituitive lock on system, but it's clearly trying to emulate the Souls games and I'm not sure if it really succeeds with that."
,Recommended,406130,20880867,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Kobold Miners' Labor Union,"DarkMaus unappologetically tries to emulate the Dark Souls series in a top-down format. It doesn't even try to hide the fact that it's a blatant ripoff of the style and genre, and frankly, that's perfectly okay with me, because the game is a lot of fun.If you've played Dark Souls (and if you haven't, stop reading this and go do so, then come back when you're done and keep reading), you'll be immediately familiar with the formula - you have a stamina and health pool, a light and heavy attack, you can sprint, dodge and block, and all of these consume stamina. Run out of stamina, and you're stuck waiting for it to regenerate. Combat is largely based around timing your blocks, dodges and attacks to avoid attacks while getting your own hits in. Killing enemies often earns you Souls - uh, sorry, 'Marrow', which can also be found occasionally on corpses pre-populating the world. Dying causes you to drop your marrow where you died. You can return to the spot to reclaim your lost Marrow, but if you die again before you do, it's gone forever. You rest at bonfires - excuse me, 'campfires', which heals you and lets you spend your Marrow to level up, but also respawns all non-boss enemies in the world. There's a variety of weapon options, each of which have different advantages and disadvantages as well as differing attack patterns, in addition to being able to learn magic in the form of pyromancy.Sound familiar? It should.One difference really stood out, though - you have weapon skills that you must invest levels into to use weapons of that type. While this isn't a problem per se, it forces you to choose a weapon type and specialize in it, rather than being able to try out each new weapon you find as you can in the Souls series. I found some interesting looking weapons later in the playthrough that I would have liked to try, but investing 10+ levels into a skill only to potentially find out that I didn't like the weapon was not something I was willing to do. (To illustrate how much 10 levels is, I finished the game at level 68.) Further, weapons can be upgraded using a limited availability upgrade material (similar to Dark Souls), but each new weapon in a weapon class is more or less an upgrade over the previous one, so I felt compelled to wait until I had all of the weapons in my chosen weapon type before starting to upgrade anything, because I didn't want to waste the materials on a ""sub-par"" option. As such, even though the upgrades became available early in the game, I wasn't able to really leverage it until more than half way through, so it felt like a bit of a wasted mechanic, on me, at least. Your mileage may vary depending on your playstyle.The combat is very tight, and the controls feel responsive. Some aspects of movement, though, take a little getting used to - for example, you can't turn in place easily. This is the product of the game having only a single control for movement (the left stick on the controller you should be using to play this), which controls both facing and movement. The right stick is used for locking onto enemies (though if there are no enemies around, it can be used to adjust facing, as well). This makes negotiating some environmental hazards a bit frustrating, particularly if you're forced to do so quickly, and you'll likely endure a number of frustratingly ""unfair"" deaths because of this.One particularly trap-filled area was frustrating me endlessly, and I was prepared to come and complain about it in this review, but then after banging my head against it for some time, I realized that there are a number of alternate paths to take through the area (apart from the 'direct' route), and that completing these alternate paths would in turn make the 'direct route' more manageable. Upon discovering this, the area became much more fun, and despite the initial frustration, I'm inclined to applaud the designer for this particular facet of the game. In Dark Souls style, it rewards exploration, which I love.The bosses weren't as difficult as I would have liked - nor are they too numerous. Most are easily defeatable in 1 or 2 tries (the first time to see the attack patterns, the second time to win the fight if you didn't on the first try), and even the final encounter is very strait-forward once you identify the gimmick and realize how to deal with it, but that isn't much of a detractor - the game itself is delightfully difficult at times.The music is simple but fits well, and the art aesthetic works very well.Overall, I'd definitely recommend this game for fans of top-down action games, or fans of Dark Souls. It's not too long (5ish hours for my first playthrough; I expect a NG+ playthrough would be closer to 2 hours, though I've yet to attempt this), but for a $10 game, that's good value for the money, in my opinion."
,Recommended,406130,21609774,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Traeger,"Solid game.The combat is dynamic, responsive, and a lot of fun, although unforgiving and frustrating at times. I was greeted by a very pleasing art-style and a beautiful soundtrack.Best Indie game I have played in a while, was surprised at how little known it is. Worth buying"
,Not Recommended,406130,30187510,Posted: 25 February,all,Knight Bazuso,"DarkMaus is a top down fantasy RPG that is not particularly interesting on its own merits. I've seen it often compared to the Souls series, yet in my experience this was not the case. Story and worldbuilding are barebones, combat is not satisfying, some design choices are questionable, and the content amount is poor. It only took me five hours to complete this game even without the usage of the Death Echo function, which will be explained later. This review will contain spoilers on what little story there is, so be warned.The beginning of DarkMaus has the player crash land on the shores of an unknown region. You gain consciousness and begin exploring inland, eventually encountering a friendly NPC you escort to a nearby town. From there, your motive story-wise to continue on is non-existent. Talking to the other NPCs around town only gives you miniscule scraps of information, and not nearly enough to give a reason as to why you're doing what you are. Regardless, you continue on and encounter a giant cat, who tells you to go to the castle. Why do you need to go to the castle, and why should you care? ... I don't know. You trudge through some other side areas, and encounter another NPC who gives you a sentence or two of exposition, and the main villian is just now introduced. Mind you, this is roughly half way into the game, if not a little more. Later, you enter the castle and kill the corrupted king; who's suddenly revealed to be the father of the NPC you found in the beginning in a dire attempt at an emotional plot twist, I assume. You then go on to battle the final boss, kill him, and get an extremely abrupt ""The End"" screen. No ending sequence or credits, only a display of your statistics and the option to start New Game +.While story is not pivotal to any game, I at least expected some amount of atmosphere seeing as this game takes inspiration from Dark Souls, but I was mistaken. Despite some of the spotty writing of the Souls series, it at least gives the player clear motives as to what their character is doing and how it affects the world around them. There is not even a hint of this within DarkMaus, you're going along with everything that's happening ... because you want to? Because you've got nothing else better to do? Because the main villian tainted the only town's cheese reserves?Story and character motives aside, the gameplay sadly does not make up for it. Instead of Souls, you have Marrow, which only serves as experience to level up. Movement is somewhat clunky and difficult to control in some cases. In combat, you have a quick weak attack, a strong slower attack, an evasive dash, and some other techniques you gain over time such as running attacks or a shield bash. There's also a decent weapon variety of swords, spears, and ranged weapons. While it sounds similar to Dark Souls in theory, it does not play alike much at all. There is little to no weight behind your attacks, and using pyromancies and bows can prove to be painful against some enemies due to the lock on's finicky nature and the alternative of free aim relying on the unruly movement. Enemy variety isn't particularly great, and most of them can be defeated with the same strategies. There are boss enemies as well, however they were not very challenging and are all similar in the way that they're big enemies that move slow with a lot of health and very little attack variety.A mechanic called ""Death Echo"" exists, allowing you to summon equippable ghost NPCs only after you get killed. The idea of this sounds like it would have made the game far too easy, in turn causing me to disable it entirely so I cannot comment on how well it may or may not work. Even with this off, I cleared the game without much difficulty and ended it with 68 deaths in total.Enemy placement in some areas is frustrating to say the least. Often times you'll get hit by off screen projectiles from multiple different angles, leading to a quick and frustrating death. One segment contains enemies who are able to use shuriken that can ricochet off of walls. Sounds managable enough, until you realize that there are about fifteen of them all in the same room or hallway, and that once a projectile is done bouncing, it gets lodged into the wall which causes you to take even more damage if you happen to touch it. This, combined with the uncomfortable movement and aiming system, led to most of my deaths.There are other instances of some design choices I disliked as well. One of them being an NPC that claims to be a merchant, yet you cannot trade with them at all. What was the point of having them mention they're a merchant, then? Some sections imitate Souls style invasions, with a powerful NPC appearing during inconvenient situations. While this isn't a terrible idea, I cannot say I enjoyed getting sandwiched in tight areas by normal enemies, and then an extremely swift and damaging NPC invader coming from behind. Did I mention that getting killed by an NPC invader causes you to instantly lose all of your Marrow and caps your health at 50% for about 10 minutes? Also, the world is not interconnected much at all. This is an aspect most people liked about Dark Souls, so if you're playing this and expecting a similar layout, then prepare to be disappointed. For the most part, a majority of the map is lengthy vertical areas that lead to even more lengthy vertical areas. There are some slight branching paths, but these usually only contain Marrow bonuses or other minor items.The game is very short and there is not much to do. As mentioned previously, it only took me five hours to complete on my first try, without the aid of a guide or the built in Death Echo function. You can play New Game+ which ups the difficulty and adds some other slight modifiers, but unless you enjoyed the base game enough to want to do it again, then I don't see a reason to play it. Melee weapons function too similarly to warrant another playthrough, and there aren't many other playstyle options to try out.I cannot recommend this game. Not because it's different from Dark Souls, but because it tries to imitate the same style yet fails. It also isn't particularly engaging on its own as a dark fantasy RPG, leading me to give it a thumbs down."
,Recommended,406130,22181553,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,RickLorenZ,"I was told playing Dark Souls with a mouse was a bad idea.They were wrong.A fun little Indie game that takes obvious inspiration from the Souls franchise. The art is enjoyable and dark, the combat is skill based with a variety of weapons, and the theme has a hopelessness to it. You'll feel at home if you're a Souls fan.Also, going through the game from the perspective of a mouse, with a small field of view and many larger predators being your enemies, is unique, silly, and fun, all in one! Tree monsters and bulls swinging axes don't seem as plausible as a hawk or a cat. :P"
76561198090975517,Recommended,406130,33133581,Posted: 2 July,all,Cheshire,It's a really good and atmospheric souls-like with a very neat mechanic in the lighting. I wholeheartedly recommend this
,Recommended,406130,21341207,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Anubis,"A Dark Souls inspired top-down action RPG.Simple yet solid and enjoyable combat system which takes a while to get good at. It is complemented by a nice weapon selection; Dexterity weapons, including high attack speed and low damage swords and spears; Strength weapons with heavier swords and twohanders; and Precison weapons with bows and pyromancies.While fairly basic, they are well implemented and every weapon is unique enough to be interesting, and each weapon type offers its own fighting style. While there is a decent amount of choice, a few more weapons probably wouldn't have hurt.The areas are pretty varied both in theme and in gameplay, and are all open to exploration, with little nooks and crannies containing goodies that never disapoint. The encounters are all intersting, fun, and creative. Some are fairly frustrating with some types of builds, tho. (Mostly thinking of having to go through an archer heavy area with a two hander focused build that can't block arrows. Pretty painful.)The bosses are a mixed bag. 4 are just normal enemies, but bigger or in greater number. They are still enjoyable, but kinda disapointing. Of the 2 original ones I fought (I read somewhere that I skipped one), one just felt like a non stop barrage of attacks that seemed to start and stop at random. The other one, which was the final boss, was pretty good however.The game itself is pretty short. I finished it in 6 hours, but I did skip an area, but I did pretty much all of the other optional stuff and explored the areas fully. It's kinda redeemed by a NG+ mode with exclusive weapons and modified encounters, but it doesn't negate the fact that I finished the game still wanting more of it.The art style is well used and implemented, and manages to give a good deal of detail and serve the gameplay with a good use of shadows and line of sights, while still remaining simple.The narrative is pretty simple and cliché, but the story that unfolds still has its little moments.Overall, it's pretty good. An enjoyable and challenging, if short experience well worth its price. And who knows, maybe there is gonna be more content to come in the future."
76561198226574076,Recommended,406130,20859652,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,vinnie2376,Never posted a review before but this game is fantastic for a souls lover....i very rarely pay full price for a game but this one is worth every penny!!!!
76561198046389838,Recommended,406130,20784174,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,young empty head,"While the reviews comparing this game to Dark Souls are correct, it does have similar concepts, the gameplay itself is incredibly similar to the 2D Sidescroller Action Game,  Apotheon. Like Apotheon, DarkMaus' gameplay has a Souls-like block/hit/block combat system, various weapons available and some armour upgrades here and there. If you like Souls games, this game is similar enough to be familiar and different enough to be fresh, if you like Apotheon this should be an immediate buy for you.Very recommended."
,Recommended,406130,20778784,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Xamn,"It is an overhead view souls-like action RPG.  Combat takes strategy.  Your character gets progressively stronger as the game continues by spending 'marrow'.  You lose all your collected 'marrow' if you die, but the game gives you a chance to retrieve it where you fell.Very enjoyable so far, I haven't completed it.  I will update this with relevant info if necessary."
76561198097660975,Recommended,406130,31296516,Posted: 22 April,all,Monocle,"Fun dark souls'ish top down game.It's very hard, the music is good.Gameplay takes some getting used to, and sometimes the framerate randomly caps to 30fps for a few seconds (only happened a handfull of times).Comleted my first blind run in 228 minutes.I'd say buy it for 7 dollar/euro or less, it's a fun game but very short."
76561198047569288,Recommended,406130,23768011,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Goat Whisperer,"Anyone who is a fan of the Souls games will enjoy this.Pros+ Challenging gameplay+ Interesting story and NPC's+ Level design, art style, and music are all fantastic+ Similar controls to Dark Souls (but not a straight ripoff)+ New mechanics that add to the ""Souls-Like"" genre and make this game uniqueCons- The first play-through only lasts 6-8 hours- Navigating the items menu can become cumbersome and tedious late game when you have lots of stuff- While there is a map, (which is super helpful), it doesn't load areas which are too far away from you. At one point in the game this makes it impossible to view parts of the dungeon you are currrently exploring.Overall it's worth the price tag even if it's not on sale."
76561197983496416,Recommended,406130,31942532,Posted: 24 May,all,CrOnNoS,"Great game ! Not sure if i really recommend it for the full price, since it's just too short, but you sure should get it with the 50%+ discount.I don't understand the ""too hard"" complains from the negative views, when the game gets a little bit hard, it gives you the chance to fight with 1 to 3 ghosts helping you out so, what the heck these people want to make it easier ?Still, i do have 3 complains. First, as i said on the bregining, the game is just too short. It doesn't have enough content to make me play through it a second time so i feel that the 1st run really should be longerSecond, the support for joystick MUST have a small tolerance for the analogic. It's a really common problem with xbox controllers so, in my case, because of a really small deffect, i had my rat moving to the left when i didn't want to, sometimes.Third, a different way to show the loots, this small light is way too easy to miss. I know you can go to the map to check them but it's quite annoying how you NEED to do that because the loots seem quite invisible.Apart from that, the game were great and even with these ""problems"" (for me), the game is still worth it's price with discount and it's really fun."
,Recommended,406130,25450942,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Cabadiah,"Essentially, this game is a mix of Dark Souls, Limbo, and The Secret of NIMH, and by that I mean it has a dark minimalist aesthetic where everything wants to kill you and you play as a mouse.While it obviously borrows from Dark Souls with its combat, death mechanic, and levelling system, it does have a few tweaks and perks that set it apart, if only a little. As well as losing your experience after dying, you also spawn shadows of yourself to help you reclaim your lost points. Normally they simply retrace your steps and only attack nearby enemies, but you can customize some abilities that allow you to have them follow you around until they die. There are also plenty of other combat abilities such as a shield bash or a heavy spin attack using skill points built up from reaching a certain character level or by discovering new areas and defeating bosses.This might all sound well and good, but there are some issues with the combat and the RPG elements. For the most part, enemies have a pretty predictable pattern of blocking whenever you attempt to attack them, so you simply have to bait them into attacking you, either dodging or blocking, and then hitting them every so often.For those looking for more of a challenge, you'll wind up disappointed that enemies simply get heavier weapons, armor, more health, and more combat abilities shared with the player that are largely unbalanced. The most basic ability being the dash attack, while simple and not terribly effective when used by the player, can be outright murder when used by an enemy simply because there's basically no reasonable tell in enemy animation, so you'll end up just eating damage by the end-game and relying on beefing yourself up with heavier equipment, effectively killing character variety.Besides the gameplay, there is a pretty glaring issue with the graphics, specifically the framerate. For seemingly no reason, the framerate can take a massive dive regardless of setting. You could be fighting four mice with three of your own shadows and their funky graphical effects and the game will run pretty smooth, but then you'll sit down at a campfire and have the game nearly fall apart, sometimes even locking up for a few seconds. It's completely inconsistent, but common nonetheless, so it can definitely get in the way of the gameplay if you're in combat, or just trying to sight-see and enjoy the environments.Despite all of these issues I have with the game, it was still a pretty fun adventure with great presentation, and I'd say it's a pretty impressive project for only three people. There is a NG+ after beating the game, but with how small the game is, I'd say you're better off starting a new file to try out different builds."
76561197970409239,Recommended,406130,20956414,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,MistaLee,"I know Daniel, who made this game completely by himself, engine and all, so I won't pretend to be a random stranger...But I have to say as impartially as possible, if Dark Souls is your sort of bag, he just nailed it with this.  It's awesome to see developers with such a passion for making something so personal to them, and it shows.He's nothing short of obsessive over the combat controls and timing, and as a result he really landed that ""difficult but awesomely rewarding"" facet of games that's so hard to get right.So, if you're a supporter of kick♥♥♥♥♥little games, made by passionate developers... this game won't disappoint!*PLEASE* though... use a gamepad :)"
,Recommended,406130,20942629,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,ChaosDrakner,"Great game, runs smoothly.  Fills the void left for Dark Souls 3, until that comes out.  One of the best indie titles I have played"
,Not Recommended,406130,30432201,Posted: 10 March,all,Yodzilla,"I get what DarkMaus is going for but I'm really not a fan of this game. The menus are overly hard to read, the camera is zoomed in way too far, and I don't like how the combat barely has any weight to it. Instead everything just sorts of slides around and attacks pass through each other with enemies barely reacting to being hit.Because of the latter this game is BRUTALLY hard and not in a fun way. I'm just not enjoying the controls and combat which is what most of this game is.The art style is kinda cool though and it seems like there's some depth here for people who are able to get into it.Also I ran into a nasty bug where an item became permanently equipped in an active slot. This meant I could never switch it out and it added encumbrance to me which slows down your already slow movement.Maybe I'll try again if that gets fixed but I really haven't enjoyed it and can't recommend this game as it is.e: gave this game another shot and avoided the bow so that it wouldn't break my inventory. I got a bit farther but I'm just not enjoying the combat at all and that's pretty much all there is to the game"
76561198020586501,Not Recommended,406130,25399467,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Scribbles,"Amazing game hampered by HORRIBLE framerates. I'm running on a modern rig and this really simple little game chugs down to ~20 fps. There are no graphics settings to fix this other than playing in a TINY window, which basically means you die over and over because you click out of the game.The dev said he'd ""work on this"" almost a year ago. Lying dev + zero support for the game + impossible to play = don't buy."
,Recommended,406130,20839986,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,Ninja,"I LOVE Dark Souls. Needless to say when I heard about this top down Dark Souls-esque Mouse themed game, I was intruiged.This game is a wonderful implimentation of what I believe is the best style of action-rpg gaming, in a top down indie setting. The game mechanics are fluid and make sense, and the controls are great. The atmosphere is immersive, even in a fantasy mouse world, and the visuals are done very well.But most importantly, it's challenging and drives me to the brink just as Dark Souls has, which will forever be my favourite game of all time. So if this game can do to me what Dark Souls does best, what more can you ask for from this $10 title?Hats off to you Daniel Wright. This game fulfilled my ever so hopeful expectations."
76561198081291990,Recommended,406130,22588435,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Athen,"Did you enjoy Darksouls? Did you enjoy Hotline Miami? Did you like the Redwall series?If you answered yes to any of these, try this game. If you answered yes to more than one, DEFINITELY try this game.Be warned tho: gitting gud required ahead. It will pose a quite a challenge, but not an insurmountable one."
,Recommended,406130,23914903,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Kinda Serious George,"This game is very fun so far, wish theres more stuff added in like multiplayer, not bad as a top down game similar to the Dark Souls series.I am enjoying this because its challenging in some situtaions but overall its a great game.EditI made it to the castle rested at the bonfire, got a message saying I am being hunted. I went full on spongegar in the area, get backstabbed by some black mouse phantom, As I attempted to get ready to fight the phantom next time i got surprised by the spawnkill the moment i respawned10/10 would mouse again"
,Recommended,406130,33341930,Posted: 7 July,all,YouTube/Murfbard,"This game is way better than I expected.  The marketing and screenshots are not that great, but when you sit down in front of it and play, you'll realize you've found a winner."
,Not Recommended,406130,33129452,Posted: 2 July,all,DrGilion,"I wish there was a ""meh"" rating, because everything in this game is ok, no more no less.I liked the level design, the music fit the atmosphere, but the combat was my biggest problem. It felt clunky at times and i wish it was more enjoyable, because it is supposed to be the main aspect of the game."
,Recommended,406130,20858039,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Deadly,"Great game, must buy for dark souls fans!"
76561197985722163,Recommended,406130,20890603,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,[NTF] TacticalNuance,"Its Dark Souls top down with a mouse. A bit easier to play, entirely skill based for winning fights, and excellent."
,Not Recommended,406130,33664044,Posted: 19 July,all,Brian C. (The Schmaltzy Cynic),"Within the name itself, Dark Maus is indicative of an ever-increasing problem for Souls-Like games by setting expectations of a beloved classic on the sincerest form of flattery, imitation. The problem is not only that the game is given demands by its fanbase that can never be met; the far greater problem is whatever innovations or interpretations the designer has made to create a different experience are only going to upset fans who don’t agree with the changes. It’s a Catch-22 situation where the creator is damned to stay the course or damned to deviate to make a name for itself.Perhaps this is why in the wake of games like Hyper Light Drifter, Dead Cells and even, to a lesser extent, Titan Souls, have succeeded in taking the elements that people cherish about the SoulsBorne games and making an identity of its own. This is perhaps the natural course to establish a new genre much like the rogue-lite genre that has slowly eroded the name of rogue-likes into the components of Rogue into new experiences. Dark Maus, however, when considered on its own is plagued with poor choices for challenge that attempts to mask its problems by basking in the shadows of a game that has always bordered the line of fairness.The Fear Into the UnknownIf there is one quality that sets Dark Maus apart it’s rather the way it handles its atmosphere in terms of gameplay to create an experience the SoulsBorne games have yet to match. Instead of utilizing the health system like the Estus Flask to limit the number of mistakes the player can make before the next checkpoint, DM uses the torch to instill urgency against the player’s restraint to run into the literal unknown. People who felt disappointed in the torch-mechanic of DS2 will probably fall in love with the game for this quality alone as it does add a layer of atmosphere and the fear of exploration, even when you know the layouts with time.Unfortunately, this system also points out a major problem, the health system. Arguably one of the most important features to get right, DM relies on the limited quantities earned by killing enemies that it affects the rest of the experience. Traps, ambushes, boss-battles, etc. all are depreciated of their enjoyment because every failure that results in healing yourself means more time spent finding new resources for future obstacles. This aspect of grinding to earn back the ability to make up for a mistake is also made worse by the “entities” of DM which appear designed to unfairly kill you and waste any rations that you use.These entities do not obey the same rules as other enemies as they can pass through the walls as well as attack from unseen corners, and the instant-deaths from these enemies makes them reek of the “It’s Dark Souls” mentality plagued by its name. This is ultimately something I despise about these games that tout they are hard but fair when they promote undeniably unfair obstacles meant to kill you. Combined with the health system and the game’s other unique mechanic, the ghosts, it feels like the game sets up these deaths to make the system more viable rather than letting it be a way to help struggling players.The Three Phantom MouseketeersOn paper, spawning ghosts of your previous failures to support you in overcoming the obstacles ahead is a rather an intuitive means of optional difficulty that the player can either exploit or rely on if the game becomes too demanding. On every death, a ghost of your character will replay the previous actions you made and follow the route as you fight off the enemies with additional support; these ghosts have limited health and will only follow you as far as they made it. If you engage enemies in instances where you died, the ghosts will assist you and not vanish until the end of the battle. This is a system that does have its merits in assisting the player as an option that feels at home in these games.In practice, however, encounters with various enemies beyond being plausible make this system a crutch the game relies on to a fault. It would be easy to dismiss this criticism as “Git Gud” where this a lengthy adventure that makes the game’s difficulty circumvented by exploring a less frustrating area to make the player stronger. DM is quite a more linear experience with not as much time nor opportunities to become overpowered that breaks the game, so the challenge is always high and it’s always punishing, which is by no means a bad thing to do. The problem, however, is when you design encounters to become even more difficult the result is eventually going to favor the player with the greater numbers or greater assistance to overcome the odds.To DM’s credit, there are small tricks to benefit the top-down SoulsBorne experience that keeps most of the game from being unfair. Bosses or sub-bosses have a translucent stamina bar over them that shows when they’re vulnerable to attacks during their recovery period. If this system was implemented in a Souls game, it would undoubtedly break the game; in DM, it avoids the issue with vague telegraphing of attacks that still requires the player’s skill to read the enemy as well as the challenge of focusing on a fading bar rather than the dark imprints of the enemy. With the various amounts of weapons and classes to choose, the combat is rather impressively polished being a minimalistic version of Dark Souls with its diversity being gated more towards the end-game or for the player to experiment with their builds for NG+.Lastly, the story itself, follows the source material verbatim. You play as a lone mouse washed up on the shores of a land becoming corrupted due to some dark force that you can either overcome or give in to the temptations of power by committing atrocities with the small number of NPCs you come across the journey. There are no item-descriptions nor a whole lot of environmental storytelling, so the narrative feels as minimalistic for a Souls game even if the lore is something you find enjoyable to piece together in these types of games.This is the reoccurring issue that slowly sours the whole experience the farther the comparisons are drawn. It’s a shame that is ultimately the feeling I am left with because however great are the ideas behind its mechanics, innovations and deviations to the SoulsBorne demands there is always a caveat that follows its greatness and a distinct feeling of measuring up to another game.The Fork in the Genre Less Traveled ByLike the ghosts’ mechanic, the shadows casted in following the SoulsBorne path to success is the visage of glory that would be better to take the path less traveled to make all the difference in the world. This is a lesson that should be extended to all titles suffering the same problem with Souls-Likes as well as Rogue-Likes/Lites that stay within accepted conventions without understanding how to learn from them. Perhaps if Dark Maus had focused more on its innovations and how to incorporate them more so into the experience it made we could have had something that could stand on its own merits rather than embodying the fading soul of Soulsborne and bearing the curse of its name."
76561198055449300,Recommended,406130,20887521,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Joe Spaghettio,"Wow. I haven’t enjoyed playing a game this much in a long time. Every minor feat, every inch towards the end is incredibly satisfying. The art style and audio introduce the perfect vibe of creepiness, and the combat is unforgiving and smart. I definitely recommend, especially if you’re a fan of dark souls, or just enjoy very hard but fun games"
,Recommended,406130,25720269,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,NanoNarse,"Few games indie games give me as much to think about as DarkMaus. It's an interesting mixed bag of goodies that both delight and frustrate you with every bite.At its most basic, DarkMaus is top-down Dark Souls with a minimalist aesthetic reminiscent of Limbo. It's visually humble and charming, and combat adheres to the same rules that made Dark Souls a success. It's slow paced, dangerous and cerebral, forcing you to carefully consider and commit to actions. Using the shadows as blind spots keeps exploration tense as you turn every corner, and the game teases and rewards observant players with clever little reveals. DarkMaus felt more like my first playthrough of Souls than any other imitator has before it.Thay said, the game is full of small but frustrating issues. Bosses were underwhelming. The final boss, one of the most powerful beings in existence, would be a pushover if it weren't for his adds. The UI could use work. Scrolling through your inventory is a chore, and why on earth is the B button - which functions as 'cancel' in every other menu - the 'confirm' button in the level-up screen?The art design has the unfortunate side-effect of making areas feel indistinct and hard to remember, forcing the inclusion of a map. This leads to a lot of glancing back and forth as you try to backtrack to that alternate path you bypassed. I also noticed a few fairly severe and random frame drops and freezes.The game's greatest sin, however, is the Death Echo system, DarkMaus' unique feature. The ability to bring multiple ally ghosts with you raises a lot of balancing concerns that failed to be addressed. Individual enemies become trivial when you can team up on them, so the game balances this by filling rooms with multiple enemies and projectiles which can be insufferably irritating when solo. Ally ghosts will damage you with AOE fire spells and run ahead to aggro large groups of enemies you weren't intending/ready to fight. They often become more of a hassle than they're worth.But for all these issues, DarkMaus impresses in something else. The level design is intricate, varied, and hides lots of secrets in its pockets. There's a deep roster of weapons (19) for a 5-6 hour experience. Enemy AI is surprisingly reactive to you. I had enemies react to being repeatedly parried by abandoning that attack, leaping backwards when I pulled out a ranged weapon, and turtling when I relied on counter attacks. And there seems to be 2-3 different ways you can play out the NPC quests, giving a sense of agency I didn't expect to have in a game like this.Ultimately, if you like Souls, DarkMaus is worth a try. There's enough here to bring me back for another run, and that earns a recommendation from me."
76561198251630246,Recommended,406130,25549142,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,BcMiscuit,"It's like Dark Souls, but with mice. What more could you ask for!?"
76561198154844371,Recommended,406130,29725689,Posted: 5 February,all,DIRRRRRRTY DANNNN,"I love this game!!! I just can't figure out how to get a higher fps than 15 though. I also can't delete my previous characters. I even tried uninstalling and reinstalling the game and they are still there. Please add a graphics settings for low detail or reduced fire particles. This game will make you rage alot so if you have a low tolerance, then this might not be the game for you. But still buy it if you're looking for a cool game to play. Over all, this game is good and please buy if your computer can handle it! ;-)"
76561198033854461,Recommended,406130,24122554,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,weaver80,"I haven't played DarkMaus long, maybe couple of hours in total, so I'll be brief. Go and frigging buy it! I can't shake the feeling of dismay and fear every time I'm moving forward. What horrors are lurking in the darkness just beyond the weak light of my flimsy torch? Will I be able to get to another bonfire, or will I die and will have to fight again to get through? Before you'll get used to fighting and dodging, you will die. Like a lot. Sometimes I felt like the fights aren't fair. but then I got better and could defeat enemies which killed me time and time again before. You can upgrade your weapons and stats, that can give you the advantage in oncoming fights. Or rather balance the scales a little bit so you and your opponents are on a little more equal standing. You'll still die lots, but maybe next time the ghost of your previous self will be there with you to help kicking the living crap from whatever killed you before.If you are a Souls' fan - you'll feel right at home in the dark, cruel world of DarkMaus. If you're not, well, move along as this isn't the game you've been looking for;P"
,Recommended,406130,25394594,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Zed2100,"A hauntingly beautiful love letter to Dark Souls, the Limbo-like atmosphere is perfect for a game like this, combat feels good, it has it flaws, however, the experience is well worth the price that the developer is asking for. I rate it 8/10"
76561198046265419,Recommended,406130,23161737,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Necrophobia,"Pros:Thoughtful, weighty combatEerie, atmospheric musicInteresting use of light and line of sight as a gameplay mechanicWell designed bosses and general enemiesDoesn't hold your hand - allows you to discover mechanics and preferred playstyles for yourselfCons:Simplistic art styleAwkward controlsFrequent crashesFriendly AI often bugs out, sometimes with frustrating consequencesPossible to miss important items early on, making the game much more difficultDarkMaus is an interesting, generally well made top down RPG which takes clear inspiration from Dark Souls, though it has enough unique and interesting mechanics to hold the player's attention. It may not be as long as a Souls game, but this means that it doesn't outstay its welcome and, overall, is a very good experience for the pricetag.However, there are a few isues I have with the game and, given the fact that the dev is known to respond to feedback, I feel that they should be pointed out.A lot of people, including Dark Souls veterans, seem to find this game too difficult in all the wrong ways. I disagree. I feel that a lot of the negative reviews for this game came out of the fact that the players missed a near-essential item that allows for friendly ghosts to spawn and help you in combat. There are three of these items (that I know of) in the game and, without them, the game would have been much harder. These items are found in areas you have no reason to go back to - if you don't find them, then you are going to be at a disadvantage for the rest of the game.Friendly AI is appalling. I am referring specifically to an NPC who will accompany you later in the game (but also to the ghosts to a lesser degree). He will walk into spikes, get stuck in doorways, blunder into traps, agro onto enemies we have no chance of defeating, and, on one occasion, he couldn't get through a doorway, on the other side of which there was an archer. He blocked the entire passage, so I couldn't get through to kill the archer. He wouldn't de-agro from the archer, no matter what I did. I had to go around the long way ariund (emphasis on long) and kill the archer from behind, by which point my ally had died and required a precious healing item in order to be revived.One more problem I have is rather contradictory to the common concensus - I believe that there are too many healing items. By the end of the game I was sitting on a large stockpile of morsels and I was able to cheese the final boss by killing his three minions and then simply mashing quick attack while eating them. I never even needed to use medium or large morsels in the entire game - the number of small morsels I had was a great plenty. This was also taking into account how many morsels Destrian devoured in order to get through the fortress of traps which, as it turns out, he never needed to go through in the first place. It just wasn't properly explained what I was supposed to do when I rescued him. I had assumed that he would unlock a door in the fortress for me but this wasn't the case.Weapon balance seems a little bit strange - it appears to me that if you aren't using a katana and shield as well as having some skill at pyromancy then you are just doing it wrong. Maybe it's just my personal preferred playstyle, but I can't imagine playing without a shield, a quick sweeping attack provided by the katana, and the ability to throw shield-ignoring fireballs if necessary.Regardless of these issues, I believe DarkMaus is a fantastic game and it is well worth the price. If you are a Souls fan, you would be doing yourself a disservice if you did not play it."
76561198020728468,Recommended,406130,23193450,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,Gerard,"One could argueably call this a short 2D Dark Souls clone, similar to Salt and Sanctuary, and be done with it, and for those looking for an easy verdict, this is all the recommendation needed.Yet there's something more going on here: for one, the game is top down instead of sidescrolling. Also there's a map. So DarkMaus is definitely very different from Salt and Sanctuary. And as far as appropriate thematic cues go, I'd say playing a mouse is very suited to the Souls series overarching metaphysics of meaningless struggle and inevitable despair. Perhaps even more than the original Souls games.So before we watch the unfolding of the inevitable arms race of ever weaker creatures like flies, microscopic organisms and eventually subatomic particles as our protagonist, I'd like to end with this conclusion: DarkMaus is pretty good."
76561198135799167,Recommended,406130,23002527,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Iron Virgin,Great game. Only complain are controls. Its made under pad feels dogy under keybord.
76561198086118787,Recommended,406130,23123099,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Jestrom,"Dark Souls significantly harder cousin.The game plays like a 2d top-down Dark Souls Clone that mantains enough of its own unique characters and gameplay to stand out.The game has charm, though that being said it is mercilessly hard to the point that it takes away from full enjoyment of the game.To counter this you have ""Ghosts"" that appear to assist you whenever you die (up to a maximum of tokens in the game you find).  The Ghosts fight just as you do and follow your most recent path and actions independantly unless you invest in abilities to have them join you as assistants.The game uses ""Marrow"" instead of ""Souls"" to upgrade your character, though expect to lose them frequently so spend asap.The Games Camera is prone to shifting as you enter new areas or rooms which can disorient the player or in my case actually make me nauseous once.The game does carry one serious flaw ripped directly from Dark Souls and turned into nothing more than padding that nearly lead me to give it a negative review.Hunters.  Yes, Hunters.  Evil Ghosts that hunt you down like red Phantoms eager to kill you and rob you instantly of everything you've worked for while also slicing your maximum hp in half for a minimum of 10-20 minutes.While the reward for killing one is a substantial increase in Marrow.  The sudden inconvenient appearance of these overpowered and crippling enemies that rob you of ALL your Marrow regardless of how you die including via other enemies gives the game artificial and inconveneint padding to extend playtime as you hobble around crippled waiting for your hp to return to its potential max.I wound up spending half the game walking around in circles praying I wouldn't be invaded by another random hunter before my HP returned so I could continue playing.Were this in some way optional or avoidable it would be of no concern to me, but it isn't.Overall a wonderful Game for those who enjoy challenge and masochistic level design with good gameplay dashed in for spice.For its price it is a good game but do NOT buy this game if you seek a casual fun experience.   7/10"
,Recommended,406130,20869284,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Auhtwoo,"This game literally has the same mechanics as dark souls.It's also got the same rewarding feeling you get for beating things, and generally feels like a close-to-perfect 2d adaptation of that game.You should probably get it."
76561198007262177,Recommended,406130,28610686,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Silly Bonobo,"This is a well-made, challenging Dark Souls parody. The game is more punishing than Dark Souls though for the sole reason that it has fewer crutches. A recent review from a ""dark souls veteran"" complains that the bulls (a common enemy in the game) are unfair because he can't turtle them. That's the point! They require dodging and constant movement! You can't turtle everything in the game and certain enemies will require different strategies or even *GASP* different weapons! This makes the game incredibly rewarding to play, different strategies are necessary and the game rewards versatility. HIGHLY recommended."
,Recommended,406130,23748366,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Roger King,"A fantastic game from what I have played so far and I was using a controller as it told me to at the main menu, but holy♥♥♥♥♥♥is the right stick control annoying. I'm spending a lot of my time taking free hits because i move backwards and dodge and yet my character dodges forward, even when i pull back on both sticks. Very frustrating and I really dont see the point of having the right stick spin your character around when it's so sluggish and can just get you killed a lot of the time."
,Recommended,406130,23024226,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Trevor Fox,"I would highly recommend this game. Anyone who's played Dark Souls should be familiar with the controls already. It has a really good presentation and a good challenge. Just like Dark Souls, you have to learn how to fight various enemies and what their weaknesses are, as well as how to dodge them.Also, you get to play as a mouse! And all the characters are mice or animals of some sort. That makes this INSTANTLY awesome!"
76561198013710414,Recommended,406130,23562700,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Richter Rustwall,"10 bucks might be a little bit high of an asking price for this title, considering the length. Pretty good, catch it on a sale.I am a sucker for soundtracks though and the actual music tracks for this title were quite good, if questionably implemented. $3 for the soundtrack is quite worth it in my opinion.I would like to see this dev go on to make more titles. Take the lessons learned from this one, hire a writer and a sound engineer, and make something truly great."
76561197969749884,Recommended,406130,34762892,Posted: 5 September,all,Sarkoth,"The DarkSouls of indie gaming, DarkMaus features a quite deadly adventure for anyone willing to delve into it. It is absolutely brutal and unforgiving and exactly that made me love it to extreme extents and above.Looks boring, but has a really nice flow and even while quite simple on the presentation, it performs really well as a survival combat RPG.A little gem way too few people ever heard about. More than recommended."
,Recommended,406130,20835710,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,NooSku,Redwall meets Dark soulsMy favorite stroies as a child combined with the game that consumed my adulthood
76561198090929041,Recommended,406130,20865543,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,The Ravenous Rabbit,"DarkMaus, it wears its inspiration on its sleeve (Dark Souls) and does so proudly, with a comfortable, easy to learn and deep identity of its own. Broadly speaking, should you play this game? Yes, yes you should. Even if you're someone who's not interested in Dark Souls and its ilk, this is an amazing top down 2d rpg, well worth the asking price.It's bleak and dark aesthetics suit well with the atmosphere its developer tried to create. You're instantly put into a strange world with realistic rules. It's free flowing tutorial allows a new player to easily flow into the gameplay, while challenging them. Even as a Dark Souls veteran (Over a thousand hours of gaming in the games respectively.) I felt that there was challenge, fair challenge.The map allows and encourages exploration at the risk of losing your EXP (Marrow), with interesting enemies all teaching you something new in how you should approach combat. Even if you start hitting a wall of difficulty, the ghost mechanic, whereby you get the aid of a ghost NPC that lowers the difficulty by attacking the enemies, something that is entirely optional and modifiable if you so choose to use this mechanic to aid you, allowing great difficulty tweaking for the player themselves. Something that even Dark Souls would be proud of.The characters you meet along the way exploring this desolate world are engaging, I cannot tell you much more without spoiling, so you'd have to experience it for yourself.There are some areas where you're left wanting however. Take for example the clumsy inventory, which can make it somewhat uncomfortable to traverse. Another one of these places is the sound design, while the game is very minimalistic in its color and assets, which helps the mood of the game, there are some areas where the lack of background noise makes it seem much too quiet and not in an eerie sense. At least, that is my subjective viewpoint of the sound design.+ Deep combat mechanics+ Welcoming to veterans and new players alike+ Branching weapon/skill/custimization early on+ Exploration is rewarded+ Interesting NPC's+ Ease of entry+ Fair Challenge- Clumsy Inventory-/+ Minimalist Sound Design9/10"
,Recommended,406130,28710410,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,"2,3,4,5,6-Pentahydroxyhexanal",I really liked this game.Wide choice of weapons too.It's got a steep learning curve and you have to learn each enemies tactics; so expect to die over and over.
76561198061968444,Recommended,406130,30626002,Posted: 19 March,all,atoludanator,"Better than Salt and Sanctuary(S&S), but still have flaws.Flaws:1) Bugs. I have 1 crush and as far as I understand a memory leak. The game become more glichy as you play more than one hour. After closing the game and reopen it fixes itself...2) Unfair New Game+ experience. Those minibosses can poke you to death with two hits and have too many HP.3) The two-handed swords too OP.  (Manage to beat the NG+ with it very easy unlike Skill class weapons.)4) The difficulty level for most people too hight that they stop playing realy fast. Maybe because shields sucks and doging is a solution to everything.Pros:1) I like the weapon system. Not many games allow you to throw javelin and be able to pick it up.2) The game have some interesting enemies and ideas.3) Nice graphic style. Simple but has its own atmosphere. (I can cleary distinguish threats from the background unlike S&S.)Beat it 4 times + 1 on NG+. Definetly recommend it for Dark Souls fans."
76561198088192637,Recommended,406130,22974369,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Slavas,ohh my hearth burning as ever!
,Recommended,406130,20857086,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,bladechild,"An unexpected gem that was well thought out and given praisworthy amount of attention to detail by the creator.As for the Dark Souls influence, yes, it's pretty obvious. But this is quite a different experience that goes beyond it being top-down 2D. The game plays out in much shorter bursts. Rather than having relatively wide open areas and lots of ground to cover between enemies and bonfires, DarkMaus has incredibly small, but well detailed areas with a handful of enemies and well placed environment set pieces, that challenge the player into making every single move correct. The combat is the same risk/reward style as in Dark Souls, with each enemy given neat little traits that make them all different.My main gripe is pretty obvious - the lack of deeper characterization and RPG mechanics. Leveling up is quite shallow and rather linear, with only a handful of each weapon types. You don't really 'build' much of a character outside of a couple of obvious choices, and given the length of the game that's obvious why.Otherwise, this is such a neat game to pick up while waiting for Salt and Sanctuary to one day finally get a release date."
76561198078993974,Recommended,406130,20782099,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,dans98764,"This it excellent! a souls like play from above game great gameplay and cool art stylethe difficulty so far is very challanging, but when you get your tactics down for each foe......they throw somthing new at you! thought it would be that easy did you? Prepare to Die!- playing through the first little bit felt like my first dark souls playthrough!"
,Recommended,406130,20786155,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Virake,"Just a quick clarification:KEYBOARD&MOUSEworkperfectly. I don't know why the dev said it's optimized for controller - it definitely feels natural with K&M. In fact, after watching some of the youtubers play the game, I feel like K&M give me some advantage thanks to precise rotation. Then, again, I can say the same about other souls-like games."
76561198008268810,Recommended,406130,23904427,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Standing Godfather,"Nice game and a better alternative to Dark Souls III :)  Using a controller is important, deadly I would say. The game is hard and any mistake it will be harshly punished."
76561197994298061,Recommended,406130,24943118,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Mert,what a frustratingly fun little game we have here! thanks dark souls for spawning all these delightful little indies! i was choking on bog standard platformers till you came along. kisses and hugs!
,Recommended,406130,21493701,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Wolf-father,"It's like Demon Souls and the Dark Souls series, only you start out as a shipwrecked mouse beating on dust bunny creatures with a goddamn toothpick."
76561198058927659,Recommended,406130,20796800,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Superboy1006,-Meets first friend--Escorts to village--Stabs child at village-11/10 would get spawnkilled again.
76561198048482038,Recommended,406130,31067152,Posted: 10 April,all,狼 Chunyo Silverpaw 狼,"Hmm since I recently decided to write reviews I will give here a short statement for DarkMaus:I will give this one a thumbs up cause it is actually quite a good game. You feel challenged to some point,the atmosphere and music were really nice and it is really nice to see your stats after your playthrough (Deathcounter,Minutes needed and so on).BUT I must tell some of the points too, that I wasnt too happy about:Even tho there is armor with different ressistances on DMG I never had the feeling it made a difference cause enemys could easily kill you anyways.The length of the game was with around 4 hours a bit too short for this kind of adventure. After trying out some weapons and the battles getting tougher at the end I was getting  really into it when I suddenly came to realize that I was at the end.Summit: If you look for a short challenging game for maybe an evening or two I would recommend you to buy this game!Dont exspect another Dark Souls tho!"
,Recommended,406130,21658757,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Buldinn 🐏 (That Sheep),"It's like Dark Souls but you're a mouse. I love it, keeping my DS appetite steady until the release of DSIII"
76561197992898223,Recommended,406130,26999905,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,kiitter,"If you like ""dark souls like"" games i would give it a try.I found it great fun, tho note it's a bit shorter, but well worth the price in my opinion."
76561198102660303,Recommended,406130,31244586,Posted: 19 April,all,jack.r92,"Speaking as a Student who is in the predicament that he owns Dark Souls 1 & 2 but does not have the time to enjoy them, DarkMaus has made it possible for me to enjoy a Lite Version of those Games, by playing this adorably but deservingly hard Game. As a Bonus we are playing a Mouse WITH CHAINMAIL & A LONG MIGHTY SWORD :DSeeing as I got it for 5$ and beat it in roughly under 5 hours I got my money´s worth. I would have loved for it to be a little bit longer or have a little bit more of a story, but it is enough for what I was presented.If you are like me someone who does not have a lot of time, but wants to enjoy a little bit of a challege, try this game out. I would love to see a DarkMaus 2!"
76561198161201356,Recommended,406130,25310428,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,SkippyHikkenLooper,"It is good if you like the dark souls related games,it has an intresting art style and nice gameplay,it is not that hard.It doesnt have a good story ( not that anyone playing this type of games expects them to ) but this doesnt matter because of the solid gameplay,the game can be completed at about 16 hours more or less,it isnt big but it is a fun experience"
76561198223088720,Recommended,406130,22661564,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,Ringsaround,Really enjoyed the game though I wish there was a little more content in general. DLC? Plz? But it was definitely worth the money had a great time playing.
,Recommended,406130,21572114,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Brynthana,"Fantastic soundtrack,  extremely unique art style that beautifully encaptures the grim and gritty world you're traversing through, easy to pick up combat that at the same time seems to be one of those that could take days of play time to get down pat. Easily one of my favorite indie games in my short play time and I'm certain it will continue to be as I play more of it."
,Recommended,406130,22010542,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,dande313,"For a Dark Souls tribute, created by a one-man team, and sold for $10 I am very impressed.Pros:-While minimalistic, the game is very artistic in its uses of light and dark-There are multiple paths and multiple builds to allow for a wide variety of gameplay and approaches-Difficult, unforgiving environment, including a randomly spawned hunter who will persue you with the upmost resentment.-Great atmosphereCons:-The storyline began great, but in the end is very anticlimatic. You never even get to see the mouse you were sent to rescue. Disappointing.-I accidentally killed children villager mice while trying to give them back their ball-If it was made slightly more divergent from Dark Souls, it would be a masterpiece in its own right. It was SO CLOSE. But in the end it resembled Dark Souls too much to feel more than a tribute. Both games are awesome, don't get me wrong; but I wish Dark Maus could've been more awesome in its own unique way."
76561198032819570,Recommended,406130,21316513,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,BENIS :D :D :D,Best MouseSouls game to date 5/5
76561198066069084,Recommended,406130,20781837,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,ckan,"Dark Soul like game where u can actually play with your keyboard and maus comes with quick responding, helpful dev."
,Not Recommended,406130,29213933,Posted: 12 January,all,agameraaron,"It feels like this is what you'd make if you concluded that Dark Souls comprised only of artificial difficulty, completely missing the point that one could easily make it through the game by just playing cautious enough. In this game, it doesn't matter how you approach it, you're going to die at least 20 times to the same broken enemies.A lot of enemies will rush in after seeing you farther than you can see. However, it won't matter much if you use your shield, as some enemies seem to have infinite stamina & can reduce your own into nothing leaving you completely vulnerable.I mean come on, dev. Those bulls are tougher than any enemy I could name as a vet of the series you were inspired from. Let's say you get charged at. Your stamina will drain from dodging and you'll be left vulnerable. If you block, he knocks it & all your stamina away in an instant!! Why are these guys on the main path? I should at least have a decent chance to run away!I found this game's mechanics very poorly thought out in even just the short time I spent with it. I wish I spent just a little less so I could get a refund."
76561198101963252,Recommended,406130,20782760,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,-F00L-]V[eT@L-,Mickey's real nightmare...
,Recommended,406130,20818791,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Jokersfright,Yes.
76561197993738734,Recommended,406130,25054027,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Skoll,The best indie game I have played in years. Challenging with diamond gameplay.
,Recommended,406130,20781141,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Gambol,"So far, so great.It feels like a top down Dark Souls with its own share of unique features. It's hard, rewarding and fun, thanks to its intricate combat system.Really impressed. A bargain for £6.99/$10"
,Not Recommended,406130,26610799,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,RobDaVideoGamer,"Having played up to what I think is the final boss, this game is pretty fun. Unfortunately, performance issues are holding it back quite a bit. Constant frame stutters and slow dows mar the entire experience, and the game even outright crashed on me once. I'm running an eight core, a 980T, and 16 gigs of ram. There's no excuse this 2D game should have problems running. On top of that, the game is kind of a chore. Leveling up is almost random because enemies don't always drop the marrow you use to level up. Yeah that's right, IN AN RPG, THE ENEMIES HAVE A CHANCE TO NOT GIVE YOU YOUR XP EQUIVALENT. The final straw was when I was fighting the final boss, and I died because the game stuttered and ate my dodge input. Overall, I can't recommend this game unless they fix the performance issues, they're just too hindering."
,Recommended,406130,22499390,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,DomoO,RAT SOULS!!!!
,Recommended,406130,20946396,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Ray G. Quit,"If you enjoyed Dark Souls, you will like this one too. Indie game that was made by just one man. Mechanics are very similiar to Souls series but in 2D. It's hard, it will punish you for recklessness and of course you will die a lot. Not very long sadly (took me 8 hours to complete), but it has some replayability with NG+ and different build variations. It's not groundbreaking or amazing, but it's decent. For this price it's a good Dark Souls thrill to pick up."
,Recommended,406130,20886011,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Hahahrawrrahaha,"It's like the Secret of Nimh, if the secret was that Don Bluth was actually Hidetaka Miyazaki.10 out of 10 Marrow Bones"
,Not Recommended,406130,29486637,Posted: 25 January,all,darkdaysahead,"I ended up returning this game after playing for 3 hours. The combat is just too clunky and unstatisfying. Deaths are frequent and frustrating. The dodge mechanic is slow and inconsistant.The graphics and level design are nice, but some areas further into the game are a little too hard. I felt like the only way to get past certain areas was to cheese enemies. I really wanted to like this game and was looking forward to playing it, at $10 it's definately worth trying and hopefully it clicks for you."
,Recommended,406130,21235195,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,CHEQUERED,is niet dark souls 4/20
76561198031330148,Not Recommended,406130,29002935,Posted: 4 January,all,Double Jameson,Very limited gameplay but the game has severe framerate and slowdown issues. Rig well exceeds recommended requirements. Also dodge is clunky.
76561198165607087,Recommended,406130,20780081,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,74,"Got to save a damausel in distress, 10/10. Great Enviroments and atmosphere. Fun and challenging combat."
76561197971887513,Recommended,406130,33956656,Posted: 1 August,all,SpiderJerusalam,My video review:https://youtu.be/KRgKr_1-5iI
,Recommended,406130,20775774,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,[x],"You'll need an xbox controller to play this game so thats the first straight forward thing you must know before purchasing this game.So far there is tons of spiders and tree like monsters with shields, you get used to their patterns very quickly, if you're a souls player /bloordborne you'll probably get the hang of this pretty quick.it takes time to get used to the controls, you can upgrade your stats, get loot, there is visual upgrades so if you get armor you'll see it on your character.you'll also meet some people along your journey, if there is one thing I would recommend to the dev it's he should add the system like shadow of mordors, NEMESIS system, this would suit this game tremendously.I'll update this review onces i beat the game but there is another mouse on the verge - it's called GHOST OF A TALE, check it out it's like this game but in 3D form."
76561198219220485,Not Recommended,406130,31349360,Posted: 24 April,all,jjml_3613,"The game looks nice, but the control mechanics is an issue.  I played this with the keyboard and mouse instead of an xbox controller (which I found out is what the game should be played with) so controlling the mouse is much more difficult. The game soundtrack is really nice so that helps to add to the atmosphere of you running around exploring.  Overall, my main issue is the controls. If they were more keyboard and mouse friendly I would recommend it, but because they are not I do not."
,Not Recommended,406130,22088377,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,A Pile of Owls,"A wonderful buggy mess. Can't even move down and left at the same time...Edit: Also, how does it make sense that the possessed enemies still attack me after I agreed to help the guy controlling them?"
76561198120540428,Recommended,406130,31067230,Posted: 10 April,all,Spreelly,loved it
,Not Recommended,406130,26287106,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,TerribleLiar,"It's like Dark Souls, except the combat is incredibly unrewarding and the game just feels tedious to replay. Got just under 2 hours playtime and decided to refund. If you're in the mood for a Souls-like, this will not scratch that itch. Combat is incredibly clunky and enemies have very basic patterns but you will likely get hit anyway because your abilities are so limited."
76561198046447161,Not Recommended,406130,21067300,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Rosencrantz,"Let me start by saying this game is great.  If you like dark souls, you'll like this, although it isn't as good, it is pretty cheap.  Except, there's one huge problem.  It's not fair.  Dark Souls is said to be tough but fair, and for the most part it is.  This game is just tough.  Really tough.  Maybe I invested in the wrong stats, I don't know, it's not like the game provides guidance at all.  Now, early on I find some spiders, and there's no way for me to kill them without taking damgage, but there's no quick heal like estus, and the only heal is a consumable that I find myself constantly with 5 of, even though I use them sparingly.  If I used them when I needed them, I'd have about negative 30.  Continuing, I find more very hard enemies, take more damage from things I can't block, and even the basic enemies become very hard.  I finally reach the first boss, and he charges at me swinging a huge axe.  This axe drains my stamina with 2 swings, which he dishes out very quickly, so blocking isn't a possibility.  So I try dodging.  But the actual movement is slightly delayed from the press of the button, and the enemies attack so quickly with little warning, making this dodging very hard.  And that's about where I left off, dying to the boss like 10 times in a row and quitting.  I will come back, but I need some time to get away from this first.  I want a game to feel possible with any playstyle.  Also, I tried archery and it was terrible.  With no shield, you have to dodge literally everything, with countless enemies in many areas and low stamina, and then you get backed into corners without a shield.  So as much as I want this game to be good, and as good as the gameplay is, I can't recommend it, because it's too hard for all the wrong reasons.  I should be able to get more than one hit on literally the first boss within my first 10 tries, instead of dying instantly (because his first attack is a charge out of the darkness where he's in your sight for a second before hitting you.)"
76561198046666118,Not Recommended,406130,33543946,Posted: 14 July,all,CATTY&Co.,Got fed up with first monster. 10/10 will play Dark Souls now
76561198022657661,Not Recommended,406130,21198118,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Harrison Ford,"I love the atmosphere, the graphics, and the nod to Dark Souls, but it just doesn't feel good to play.  A Souls game has a great feel, and this feels kind of clunky and unwieldy.  If the movement was improved, I think I would like it a lot because it looks like it has a lot to offer.  I wish I could recommend it.  It just doesn't click for me."
,Recommended,406130,20782790,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Samurai Jack TH,I have a hamster. It fights like this when it wants food. 10/10
,Not Recommended,406130,21139387,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Doctor Fudge,It's okay.
,Not Recommended,406130,31949572,Posted: 25 May,all,???,"Game was actually pretty fun right up until the first boss, which with my many levels into health takes 80% of my health in a single hit. Seriously, the first boss is so unfun I don't want to see the rest of this game. Wish I could refund."
76561198012715899,Not Recommended,406130,20902067,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,Theranteen,"great another dark souls wannabe that fails hard at it...the game doesnt start of bad but at some point in develpement the creator must have smashed his head repeatedly with a brick then decided to do dark souls 2 B team and go ""hard. hard is fun right."" noooooo hard isnt fun, challenging gameplay that tests your skills and rewards your efforts is fun. as were this game goes down the road of ""hey lets place large groups of hard hitting, high health enemies together in areas full of traps that barely hurt them but nearly one shot the player.""it started of great then went to♥♥♥♥♥♥ maybe next when you want to copy a game series you include what made them great."
76561198208597137,Recommended,406130,21367735,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,kiwis,Great indie game.. Very well done!I am a huge souls fan and this game is a 2d game with a souls twist.
,Recommended,406130,21490527,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,A White Guy With Dreadlocks,"It's like Dark Souls, except it's Dark Mouse!"
76561197999232219,Recommended,406130,21489441,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Troutmonkey,"Great Dark Souls like game. Combat, music and graphics are great, but leveling could still use a little work to make skills feel more worth it.Would recommend for those looking for a ""bite sized"" souls experience. Well worth the asking price"
,Recommended,406130,21535975,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Squigrider,I think this game is pretty fantastic! a bit frustrating at times but still a fun action RPG. this game mechanics really remind me of the whole Dark Souls series. So if you enjoy a challenge a little bit of frustration I say go for it.
76561197962958937,Recommended,406130,23885704,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,CTSamurai,"Enjoyable game overall - short and sweet.  The combat is similar to dark souls in that you need to carefully manage stamina and the enemies do heavy damage.  However, the combat and dodging feels much less responsive than the Souls games.  I liked the dark feel of the world, although I wish there was a little more text at the end to wrap things up.  Also, you don't really get to experiment with weapons much in a single playthrough, as the upgrade materials are scarce enough to only allow you to boost one weapon up fairly high, and many of the weapons don't even appear until late in the game.  Still, I had a good enough time to justify the few bucks I spent on it, and if you like the aesthetic and are up for a short challenge, I'd suggest you do the same."
76561198302138101,Recommended,406130,23980915,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Korynthian,"Just after finishing the game...Its pretty designed and satisfing, some areas are just overloaded with enemies while other are hollow (what is a good thing, cuz it gives you a feeling of loneliness)....But there are some bad things...This game was created by one person.Daniel why did you had the idea to design a PC game for a XBOX pad? On the keyboard you cant use morrow frenzy... Some controls are just bad and you cant even re-mapp them. BAD THINGDodges... Well, sometimes even with full stamina you just cant do a dodge, without reason... This thing gave me the half of my deads.!!!SPOILER!!!The dark ending is difficult to get. I spend 20 minuttes to run to the village and slaughter everymice there...From a bad review the game get from me a good review and that means something... If you need a pretty designed, fun to play - game. Well, you can buy it."
76561198078849059,Recommended,406130,22724043,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,NakedCake,"A top-down indie game heavily inspired by the Dark Souls series. Very well produced but for two stand out flaws:1. The visuals are very muddy. Things like the all important stanima bar and loot on the ground just doesn't stand out like they should.2. While the campain good, there just isn't enough of it. I completed my first playthrough in just under 4 hours.I'd recommend it if you're familiar with Dark Souls series and want something new to have a go at for a few hours, longer if you are interested continuing into new game plus."
,Recommended,406130,21720856,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,ParHpeK,It's realy great skaven simulator! If you love skavens you must play at this game
76561198041934990,Recommended,406130,20917734,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,DJtoad,This is dark souls as a mouse and I would say bring in the fell of dark souls and also add its own stuff to make it different enough to no be called a rip off but insted a branching path in what a souls game can be.
,Recommended,406130,20937338,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Narshe,"Very, very good indy-game. Challenging combat that is reminiscent of Dark Souls, with an aesthetic somewhere between a Souls game and Limbo. Highly recommend."
,Recommended,406130,20943627,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Quality Time,This is a top-down Dark Souls style game that wears its inspiration on its sleeve. A must buy game for anyone who likes those types of games. Take this game slow and be prepared to die... a lot.A great start for this year. This is a game that should be on people's shortlist for possible game of the year.
,Recommended,406130,20896744,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,Cyberholn,"Very much inspired by Dark Souls, this game is great and worth the price. I can't explain it in words, it's just that good. Simplistic color design which works well, I would recommend a controller as the control over the character is a bit weird and floaty without one.The game is great, I can't emphasise that enough. It is brutal where it needs to be, and skill selection is important when it comes to leveling up.UPDATE: So I recently finished the game, I still stick to the fact that this is a very good game, some areas may be a bit uneasy, but other than that it is still good... But with that being said, there were a few things near the end which I really didn't like.1. The ending is instant, you are unable to go back and look around before deciding to go into NG+, unable to go back and talk to Anna to see what she has to say, or anything of the sort. What I do like about the ending is that it informs you of whether or not you received all items, giving you a reason to go into NG+.2. The bosses become easier down the line, and the final boss is a peice of cake mattering on how you approach him. The boss before the final was way harder, while the one before that is two of the same which you have faced before. Is this bad? Not entirely, just a bit dissapointing.Other than that, it's still great and I would recommend it. That, and the possibility of updates could add onto the base game in the future.UPDATE 2: A recent update has increased the difficulty of the bosses."
76561198261086540,Recommended,406130,20939518,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,A Hyperintelligent Shade of Blue,"It's a short burst of adrenaline for Dark Souls junkies before DS3 comes out. Fun combat, simplified leveling system, and an interesting ghost mechanic also work to make it fun for people who have never played a souls game."
,Recommended,406130,20940170,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Big McLargeHuge,A good little diversion but ends just as it gets going. If you are a fan of trial and error dungeon crawls I would recomend this.
,Recommended,406130,20912853,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Foul Frog,"Oh wow, its just top down Dark Souls. Ths is a good thing."
76561198134487166,Recommended,406130,20919315,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,AR,"Great game, Dark souls 2D."
76561198011263543,Recommended,406130,20895803,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,SurgeOfDestiny \[T]/,"I am a huge Fan of the Soulsborne games. Pretty much the only games I play. I am always looking for more games to fill that collection. Many games have come along claiming to be a Souls-like and this game does not do that. It is just simply a great game with alot of interesting mechanics and challenges, Definately inspired by the souls games. It is fun, challenging, pretty and rewarding."
,Recommended,406130,20818256,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,riefu24,"Pretty fun setup, very reminiscent of the Souls series. Have yet to get very far but the enemies are challenging yet conquerable. Using a 360 Controller helps for the feel."
,Recommended,406130,20804825,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,ActualMammal,"Frankly a very high quality game with a very nice asthetic, it delivers what it promises. the only problem i have had is with getting your mouse to face the right direction in some combat situations and some minor issues with the auto lock on, apart from that a really good title."
,Recommended,406130,20887633,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,HellzHobo,"Top down version of Dark Souls, cept you play as a mouse. Should be called Dark Mou- Wait a second..."
76561198038480171,Recommended,406130,20891681,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,Gattzilla,Brutal and fun!
,Recommended,406130,20888594,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Beastacus,"Amazing game, 10/10 I beat it in about 8 hours I wish it was 50 hours long.Dark Maus is akin to Souls, though it takes what is good about Soulsand puts it to use, while it cleary has its own identity. Dark Maus comes into its own, with amazing atmophere, level and creature design, and tricky enviernental hazards.Dark Maus has that very refreshing indie feel of being very focused, and knows what it wants to be. Developer Daniel Wright made this game with beauty, and artistic and creative indiviality. Thank you, thank you, more please!"
,Recommended,406130,20888072,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Cheese Flavored,Easily worth the $10 if you're a fan of skill-based combat
,Recommended,406130,20873312,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Dick McBastard,"The combat is great, the music is perfect to set the tone, and I really like the minimalist art style. Seriously, the interplay between light and shadow is very well done. I think they could have differentiated the UI a bit from the Souls version, but that's a minor thing, and the Dev was very open about what he was trying to do so I don't think it's a big deal.It's a really great indie game. I think Big Gaming could take a few tips & tricks from games like this.Great job mate!"
76561198001761065,Recommended,406130,20866119,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,"Have Knife, Will Travel","This game is astonishingly polished considering some of the Early Access crap that's floating around. As near as I can tell, this was a one-man effort. There are no bugs that I could identify and the sound, visuals and music are all very professionally done.I sucked badly at the combat, and there were footprints and blood spatter everywhere in the one room I was stuck in. But for all that, the game only took me about 11 hours.There are some very minor nitpicky issues.There isn't a way to rebind your keys.And because I can't rebind my keys, there's no way for me to look up the lock-on button for the keyboard-mouse.Finally, this game works best with an X-Box controller. It's rather hard to move diagonally using classic WASD. This isn't really any fault with the design of the game itself, since the top-down movement really does require that you have a joystick.All told, a very good bargain for 10 dollars."
76561198084222519,Recommended,406130,20864890,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,MrPervSan,"If you like Dark Souls titles then this is the game for you.At first glance, it's easy to miss this gem under the massive amounts of flashy games out in the market now. But, as soon as you let go of the visuals, you get something even better: An actual good game.Just like any Dark Souls title, this game pretty much follows the working formula to the T. You got your weapon system pretty well done. You have your ""What the actual ♥♥♥♥ is going on?"" story that makes you question everyone and everything. And finally, you have those impossibly hard as balls challenges that make you wanna break your controller, unistall, and git gud.There are some draw backs in my book though and theya ren't enough to actually deter me from recommending this game to anyone else. Some of the drawbacks would be the lack of a dedicated slot for healing items or a resuable healing item like in many other DS games. The map disappears in different areas, obviously to make newer areas stand out, but this also makes knowing where you went and what you did much harderEspecially in the Prison.... Finally, not sure if it's just me or not, but whenever attacking once or twice, the game picks up a second hit for no reason. Normally, that isn't a problem unless you're low on HP and desperately trying to dodge instead.All in all, this game is simply amazing. It does justice to the DS franchise and I'm very happy to have spent my money, time, tears, and frustration all on it.10/10Needs more cheese"
76561198018316606,Recommended,406130,20794946,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Stone704,"Made by a true fan of Dark Souls, this game takes its formula and adds its own spin to it. If you didn't like or have never played any of the Soulsborne series, then be warned that this game is extremely difficult at times. Never unfair, just little room for error. Anybody who even had the slightest bit of fun playing a Souls game should add this to their collection!"
,Recommended,406130,20796534,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Ogerman,Amazing game!!! Very addictive game play. As a Dark Souls gamer this is a great hold over till Darksouls 3. It even has controller support which is badly needed on Steam Games.To the developer... Thank you soooo much for this game.           5 stars 10/10.
76561198067611335,Recommended,406130,20795610,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,sashassin,"Wondering if this is a top down Dark Souls like game?The answer is a resounding YESSoul System? CheckLevel Up System? CheckVancian Magic System? CheckMultiple Weapons and Builds? CheckRed Eyed Mini Bosses? CheckBonfire Save System? CheckWeapon Upgrade System? CheckDrop Souls on Death? CheckKeep Items on Death? CheckHidden Secrets and Traps? CheckNPC Allies? CheckNPCs You Can Accidently kill? CheckDark Desolate World? CheckExact Same Combat System? CheckEven the same combat buttons? CheckSame HUD/UI? CheckPlays Better With Controller? CheckInvasions By NPCs? CheckLose Max HP After Invasion Loss? CheckAnd those are just the Dark Souls influences. The game also goes a further step and adds in an Ability system, which are essentially Active and Passive Perks you can add together to create many different builds. Also unique to this game is the Death Ghost system. Anytime you die you will create a ghost of your mouse that will travel in the same direction using the weapon you died with. You can use 2 of them to help farm harder areas or bosses as well as help you easily get back to your dropped ""souls"". In other words, nowhere near as much punishment for death as in the souls games.Just pretend this is the untold Dark Souls Spin-off story of the Undead Rats from the Dark Souls Games and you will be having a great time in no time!"
76561198016484242,Recommended,406130,21673069,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,g_chadee,"Darkmaus proves that a game does not need to have cutting edge graphics to be a great game. Once i started playing i was addicted to it! the fighting style reminds me of the zelda series...At first i was discouraged about the game's difficulty. But once levelled up and using the right combination of weapons, that little mouse became a killing machine!The only real problem i came across is healing.  Your hero can only heal by consuming items, which are rare or by resting at camp fires, which are far apart.Otherwise a very nice game!!"
,Recommended,406130,21690999,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,.walruseater,"Darksouls as a Mouse. So much fun, honestly.I am finding it just as addictive as the Souls games right now, and I'm only 3 hours in so far."
,Recommended,406130,21799631,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,loktar,"Bought this game on a whim.. it's absolutely fantastic! It's a lot like Dark Souls, but that is a good thing. I love everything about it from the art to the combat mechanics.If you're looking for a Dark Souls experience with a bit of a twist this is the game to get."
76561198085469914,Recommended,406130,21735906,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Majoman,Really good Souls-like-Indie game with precise combat-system and a nice art style. Even for an experienced Dark Souls player the Bosses are a challenge to beat. Thumbs up!
76561198047726178,Recommended,406130,21338389,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Nattefrost,Is good
,Recommended,406130,21222456,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,crabdamage,Great Souls-Like game. With a mouse!
,Recommended,406130,21301245,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,The Snee,"Rodent SoulsSomewhere halfway between Dark Souls and Teleglitch lies DarkMaus.an animal tale that makes Watership Down look cheery, it features demanding, tight gameplay that rewards skill and determination. Combat is fluid and satisfying, enemies challenging, and character progression has a level of depth that I have not fully explored. The game manages to do a lot with a diliberately limited colour pallete, creating enviroments that hint at thier true nature with clever use of silhouettes. Wherever there is a splash of colour, it is there for a reason.Reccomended."
,Recommended,406130,21239035,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,BoredTaco,Top-down dark souls. Wonderful.
76561198192316310,Recommended,406130,21721241,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,cdrive1,"Secret of NIMH as directed by Kintaro Miura.It is HARD yet not as unforgiving as Dark Souls, for one you can actually surviving using some early game equipment if you play well, but still hard as hell *Got murdered 3 times in a row by the FIRST Feral Mouse, Slaughtered by the same Bull twice, etc.* It is a game not meant for the faint of tollerance or the cowards...You all know who you are.I recommend this game and its pricetag is reasonable.Also, I personally love it as a fan of Dark Fantasy and worlds where the Animals are sentient but the Circle of Life is still a thing. *Blame Secret of NIMH AND The Lion King.* So this just hit alot of the right spots."
76561198001780292,Recommended,406130,26949092,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Frodie,A very well made top-down souls-like game with a good selection of weapons and equipment. Plenty challenging but fairly short with little replay value.
,Recommended,406130,31306841,Posted: 22 April,all,ethianstrickland23,"Great game. It is a souls like not lite I think. The core fighting is solid, and the world is scary. Every new enemy is harrowing. I enjoyed all the time I spent with the game."
76561198268627717,Recommended,406130,33378434,Posted: 8 July,all,deyvson,"For quality of the game the price is fair, and it was very satisfactory. A great problem I found was the lack of keybind configuration, I have my own style of configuration and that bothered me a lot, but most people would not care. On joystick I had a hard time changing targets or canceling targets, they could make the cancel button cancel targeting too, that was very annoying, specially because my joystick is generic and I could not click the stick. But I ended up playing on the keyboard, more freedom. I just finish the game and I’m very happy because of that. I feel like it was a great accomplishment, since the game is indeed hard."
,Recommended,406130,28998258,Posted: 3 January,all,StrangerThings,"It's a fun, short overhead Souls-like. For the most part, it's not as hard or complex as some folks make it out to be (yes, you can easily beat the game with just one weapon and one tactic if you so choose), but there's a fair amount of variety in weapons and gear, and combat should be a good fit for Soulsborne veterans. The environmental hazards make up the greatest challenge, and the level designs are spot on, with creative problems that resolve themselves nicely. The bosses generally offer a pretty good challenge, with perhaps the exception of one that I assumed should have given the biggest challenge (although I guess Gwyn should have dispossessed me of that notion long ago).My biggest gripe is the absolutely idiotic helper NPC AI, which seems intent on murdering itself by ignoring enemies and dashing right into your attacks (friendly fire was NOT necessary). They (or I should say more specifically, HE) also tend to just block hallways at inopportune times, refusing to budge despite dangers coming from all directions. Their pathing is also insane, as they will often run back and forth across a doorway rather than simply pass through it to get to you, colliding with environmental hazards all the while. I guess that's an additional challenge?Overall, it's a solid package and I wish it was longer, which is a good sign. Any Soulsborne fan looking for a nice distraction until DS3's next DLC or Nioh should give this a try."
76561197993268943,Recommended,406130,29099550,Posted: 7 January,all,Naughty Candy,"DarkMaus is a great, top down, soul-like game. The thing that sets this game apart is that every time you die you receive a shadow of yourself to help fight on the next life. I recommend it to anyone who enjoys games like Dark Souls and Zelda.Fun, moody, and not too long ;)"
76561198060111747,Recommended,406130,29202538,Posted: 12 January,all,Dadoudy,"The definition of ""simple but effective""the game is short but i have enjoy every minutes of itwe need more games like this"
,Recommended,406130,25473998,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Beautiful Jack,"i was really harsh in my first review, unreasonably so.im playin it through again right now, give it a try if you want, its not bad at all"
76561198164663810,Recommended,406130,21348808,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,knightblackirontarkus,"Great game, balance the game more, put more greatsword types in the begining. Put another side quest, make it so its a vilage of pyromancers. please do not give up on this game its loads of fun."
76561198026769505,Recommended,406130,34055534,Posted: 6 August,all,Heartbreeder,"This game was surprisingly solid compared to my expectations when I bought it, but unlike other Souls-borne games I don't feel like playing it a second time.Still, it's first playthrough was just as satisfying as finishing any Souls-borne game and it's price is worth it if bought on sale."
